Federal Defence Minister and PML-N stalwart Khawaja Asif sparked an outcry after seemingly referring to Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf 's new arrival Firdous Ashiq Awan as the party 's `` newly acquired dumper '' and — in an apparent repeat of their earlier verbal transgression — PTI chief whip Shireen Mazari as a `` tractor trolley '' .
In a series of tweets on Monday night , Asif seemed to ridicule the recent political defections to the PTI and compared the performance of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif with that of PTI Chairman Imran Khan .
`` While [ the ] PM is making history through personal example , Imran Khan is collecting political garbage and taking the party [ PTI ] to gutters , '' Asif said , in a thinly-veiled reference to politicians who have switched loyalties to PTI .
Then , without naming anyone and supposedly taking aim at Mazari and Awan , the federal minister said the `` tractor trolley and newly acquired dumper can be used for hauling political garbage ... no additional effort/expense '' — a suggestion at further possible defections to PTI .
Recently , former PPP members have switched allegiances to Imran Khan 's party , which included former federal ministers Firdous Ashiq Awan , Nazar Gondal and former Punjab governor Ghulam Mustafa Khar . Former PML-N leader Liaquat Ali Jatoi too joined PTI in April .
Referring to the insulting comments on Twitter , Leader of the Opposition in National Assembly Khursheed Shah protested Asif 's controversial remarks regarding PTI 's women members .
`` We also have sisters and daughters , '' Shah said .
PTI leaders did not respond to calls made by Dawn.com for a comment on Asif 's tweets .
However , a condemnation from PTI leader Shah Mehmood Qureshi emerged on Twitter .
Twitter reacts
Users on Twitter were appalled by the defence minister 's language , expressing their shock at their remarks .
`` Are you a literate Defence Minister of Pakistan ? '' one user commented in response to Asif 's tweet .
One user suggested that Asif be stripped of their defence ministry portfolio in the light of their recent tirade .
One user expressed their dismay at Asif 's words in the following manner :
Repeat offence
This is not the first time the defence minister has used derogatory terms for women . Almost exactly a year ago , they received heavy backlash for subjecting Mazari to the same offensive language during a National Assembly session .
Asif had pointed towards Mazari and said , `` Someone makes this tractor trolley keep quiet '' when they and some other lawmakers protested to their speech on loadshedding during Ramazan .
Khawaja Asif 's vulgar outburst against Shireen Mazari on the floor of the National Assembly.─DawnNews .
`` Make their voice more feminine , '' they said , according to eyewitnesses . Another lawmaker chimed in from the government benches to say `` Keep quiet , aunty . ''
After strong protests from Mazari and other members of the opposition , the NA speaker ordered that Asif 's remarks against Mazari be expunged from the session 's record .
When Mazari stood in protest and argued with the speaker 's decision , Asif said : `` I am not going to apologise , they can do whatever they want . ''
A day after passing the indecent comments , the minister issued a letter of apology to the National Assembly speaker and also said in a speech that they `` felt compelled '' to make the remarks .
Right after Asif 's address , the speaker allowed Mazari to take the mic . The lawmaker refused to accept Asif 's apology , saying : `` Asif should apologise to me by name just like they targeted and attacked me by name . ''
`` This apology is not acceptable at all to anyone . ''
At this Asif stood up and said , `` I will not name Mazari in my apology because I had named no one when I made the remarks . If I named anyone , then only would I like to apologise to them . ''
Yesterday at the White House , President Donald J. Trump and Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman reaffirmed their support for a strong , broad , and enduring strategic partnership based on a shared interest and commitment to the stability and prosperity of the Middle East region . They directed their teams to explore additional steps across a broad range of political , military , security , economic , cultural , and social dimensions to further strengthen and elevate the United States-Saudi strategic relationship for the benefit of both countries . U.S. and Saudi officials intend to consult on additional steps to deepen commercial ties and promote investment , and to expand cooperation in the energy sector . The President and the Deputy Crown Prince noted the importance of confronting Iran 's destabilizing regional activities while continuing to evaluate and strictly enforce the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action . The President expressed their strong desire to achieve a comprehensive , just , and lasting settlement to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and to continue the two countries ' consultations to help reach solutions for regional issues . More broadly , the President and Deputy Crown Prince noted the ongoing security and military cooperation between the two countries in confronting Daesh/ISIS and other transnational terrorist organizations that pose a threat to all nations .
The two countries announced their determination to strengthen their cooperation in the economic , commercial , investment , and energy fields , with the aim of realizing growth and prosperity in the two countries and the global economy . President Trump provided their support for developing a new United States-Saudi program , undertaken by joint U.S.-Saudi working groups , and its unique initiatives in energy , industry , infrastructure , and technology worth potentially more than $ 200 billion in direct and indirect investments within the next four years . The President also provided their support for United States investments in Saudi Arabia and the facilitation of bilateral trade , which will result in sizable opportunities for both countries . On energy , the two countries affirmed their desire to continue bilateral consultations in a way that enhances the growth of the global economy and limits supply disruption and market volatility .
The two countries highlighted that expanded economic cooperation could create as many as one million direct American jobs within the next four years , millions of indirect American jobs , as well as jobs in Saudi Arabia . The Deputy Crown Prince reviewed Saudi Arabia 's Vision 2030 program for the President and agreed to put in place specific bilateral programs to help both countries benefit from new opportunities created by the Kingdom 's implementation of those new economic plans .
A few months ago , Corby Kummer reviewed Marcel , Ford Fry 's Francophile steakhouse on the Westside . Sloppy service and bland steaks at stratospheric prices led Kummer to write , “ It 's rare to see such a calamitous collision of ambition and execution. ” I wondered how Fry would react . They are , far and away , the most successful and well-known restaurateur in the city . Would they even care if some pesky critic did n't like their $ 115 porterhouse ? Turns out they did care—at least enough to commission a caricature of Kummer with the body of a cheeseburger ( one of the few standout dishes at Marcel ) and stamp it on the late-night menu . Touché .
That Fry had ambitions to blanket the city with restaurants was n't at all apparent when they opened JCT Kitchen in 2007 . In fact , they waited a full four years before opening their second one , No . 246 in Decatur . But last year Fry went on a bender , opening a new restaurant almost every two months , faster than most people schedule a haircut . In Fry 's hasty and indefatigable ascent to the top , Marcel signaled the first major misstep , raising the question of whether they had overextended himself . Their latest-latest restaurant , Beetle­Cat , offers a stiff answer : yes .
Photograph by Caroline C. Kilgore
At least Fry had good intentions : to open a little sister to the Optimist , their seafood looker on the Westside that gave us the city 's best lobster roll . And like the Optimist , BeetleCat was named for a small boat , one John F. Kennedy Jr. might have sailed off Cape Cod a half century ago . They might have even slurped the same varieties of oysters that BeetleCat sources and arranges beautifully on trays packed with ice .
From the front , BeetleCat looks like a one-story restaurant , a landlocked lighthouse jutting from the busiest intersection in Inman Park . Inside it 's more like a cruise ship , with decks upstairs and down . On the main level , sailcloths stretch over a long oyster bar lined with thick-cushioned turquoise stools . It 's moodier downstairs , where the lights are dimmer , the music louder , the ceiling lower . Maroon carpeting , faux wood paneling , leather booths , a bar lit dandelion-yellow—it 's a pad ripped right out of the 1970s . The crowds do n't discriminate between the two levels . On one Friday the downstairs bar was five deep , with a two-hour wait upstairs for a party of two . Another six lined up just for the bathroom . It was n't even 8 p.m .
BeetleCat 's popularity should come as no surprise . Cocktail-fueled crowds are standard when dining with Fry , whose interiors are never anything less than stunning . But at some point , you will need to eat—calories to balance the booze . This is where BeetleCat starts to sink .
The kitchen is helmed by Andrew Isabella , who spent the last year hop-scotching among Fry 's other new restaurants . Isabella acknowledged over the phone that the timeline for BeetleCat was rushed and that they would have liked to have had more meals in other cities for inspiration ( Fry is fond of research trips before opening a restaurant ) . But Isabella did know one thing : They did n't want to be tethered to just one cuisine , as they were at Fry 's Italian No . 246 . This at least explains why they steer in so many directions , from Thailand to China and from Vietnam to Korea . It 's a bold move , if not simply because fusion itself is a dated idea , one that flourished in the 1980s and 1990s but felt gimmicky , disrespectful even , a decade later ( kimchi-stuffed quesadillas glazed in teriyaki , anyone ? ) .
Photograph by Caroline C. Kilgore
Isabella is not nearly so brazen , but neither is they convincing . They confessed to having no formal training in these cuisines—and it shows . Korean fried chicken wings , a meatier upgrade to the American classic , typically boast unparalleled crunch and crust thanks to a double-dip in the fryer . The ones at BeetleCat arrived soggy on one occasion , crispy the next , but ruined both times by a thick , cloying sauce of gochujang and honey . Bok choy were tossed in a habanero vinaigrette so acerbic it could erode tooth enamel . Shishito peppers sounded good , except that they were glossed in an aged soy sauce exponentially more concentrated and salty than it needed to be . A Hong Kong–inspired preparation of Dungeness crab with XO sauce offered little more than cabbage and over-fried cubes of tofu with the texture of weathered carpet .
The servers are n't much help—though , to be fair , it 's not always their fault . On weekends they 're too busy navigating the relentless current of customers to notice missing appetizers . Hailing for the check was frequently a lost cause . “ Pretty soon I wo n't be able to walk through the room , ” said one server when they finally reached our table . When I pointed to the DJ turntables by the patio door , they did n't hesitate . “ Do n't come during late-night . We 're completely overwhelmed . ”
But even on a weeknight when the mood is less frenetic , we could still be marooned tableside . Obvious tasks went unchecked : menus never cleared , dropped forks never replaced , waters rarely refilled . When one server spilled a wide black pool of XO sauce onto the middle of the table , they never returned with a towel .
Photograph by Caroline C. Kilgore
Was there an eye in this storm ? Well , Fry still makes the city 's best lobster roll . Although the one at BeetleCat comes on an over-buttered hamburger bun , the lobster meat remains a treasure : fresh , sweet , and plump , mixed with just enough butter and mayo . At $ 23 ( and with no side ) , it 's also pricey . Four miles away at the Optimist , a Fry lobster roll is two dollars less at the oyster bar and includes chips . Tuna crudo is worth a try , pounded into thin sheets like carpaccio and crowned with cilantro , Thai basil , mint , and a tangy fish sauce . It was the best attempt at culinary cross-pollination , an Italian classic with a Thai edge .
Beyond that , manage your expectations . Swordfish in miso broth or fried conch fritters could have been made of anything , since they tasted like nothing . An unseasoned steelhead trout served with plain lentils and a dubious cauliflower puree had even less flavor . More successful was Isabella 's lively steak tartare , propped up with a sesame vinaigrette , pickled papaya , and crispy shallots , and slathered over shrimp toasts . Salt-and-pepper squid was fine—fried well , though troubled by a loose salt shaker . During lunch service on Friday and Saturday , Fry ditches the Asian accents entirely and embraces the seafood shack vibe they so carefully constructed . Everything is fried—clam bellies , strips , haddock , onion rings—and everything arrives with neither crunch nor crumb , the batter inexplicably mushy and soft from the start .
In our 2013 profile of Fry , the Houston native said that they saw themselves as a mentor to the young chefs who lead their kitchens . They aspired to give them the support that they needed to one day “ strike out on their own with their own places. ” That is a noble sentiment , if not completely plausible , given Fry 's Monopoly-minded approach to growth . That kind of mentoring could only benefit Isabella , who would do well to follow the path of Chris Shepherd , Fry 's fellow Texan whose cooking spans the Asian continent at Underbelly in Houston . Shepherd , a James Beard Award winner , honed their technique in Houston 's family-run Asian kitchens—the rundown , overlooked haunts that thrive solely on the merit of their food . Today they are a proud example of an American chef capable of sensible , soulful , Asian-inspired dishes with stateside slants . For Isabella , it 's a lesson on how to move forward , and for Fry , it 's a lesson on how to keep from falling backward .
Rating
Not recommended
Good to know
BeetleCat does n't take reservations , so arrive by 6:30 p.m. on weekends if you do n't want to wait an hour-plus for a table .
Vital Stats
299 North Highland Avenue
678-732-0360
beetlecatatl.com
This article originally appeared in our July 2016 issue .
Joshua Mayers is the Seattle Sounders FC writer for The Seattle Times . Watch for their coverage of the team , Major League Soccer and soccer around the world .
January 27 , 2011 at 2:55 PM
Comments ( 0 ) E-mail article Print Share
Posted by Joshua Mayers
Photo credit : Dean Rutz , The Seattle Times
I got the chance to catch up with Sounders FC midfielder Steve Zakuani today after training at the VMAC . I wanted to talk about their time with the DR Congo national team ( he played a friendly against Mali back in November ) .
To my surprise , Zakuani said things are still open when it comes to their international future .
`` I think something that people do n't know maybe is it was n't an official FIFA game , '' they said . `` As much as it was a lot of fun ... it did n't really tie me down to Congo . ''
Zakuani specifically said getting their green card changed things in their opinion , so the U.S. men 's national team is still very much in the picture . England is as well , but that 's obviously a much more difficult road .
`` These days as much as it is a pride decision , it 's also a footballing decision , '' they said . `` I have to give myself the best chance of advancing my career . ''
Zakuani gave no timeline on their decision and said he 's basically `` back to square one . '' That 's where we left things at the end of the 2010 season . They got the DR Congo call-up about a week after the Sounders FC ended , but says they might not have gone if it had locked them in with their birth country .
What do you think about this new development ?
Five Brisbane children who disarmed their shotgun-wielding father have explained how they banded together to save their mother 's life .
Rachel Moore was at their Brisbane home on April 11 last year when their ex-partner and father to two of their five children , Daryl Fields , stormed inside armed with a shotgun .
As Ms Moore and the children hid in the bedroom , Fields fired and struck the mother in their arm twice , which inflicted an horrific injury and caused them to lose consciousness .
Watch the full story by clicking on the video above .
As Fields reloaded the weapon , the kids sprang into action .
Rachael Moore 's children comfort them in hospital . ( 60 Minutes ) ( )
Them 12-year-old son Cameron ran at Fields , snatched away the weapon and ran to hide it outside .
As an enraged Fields set upon Ms Moore again , 14-year-old Jayden and Cameron punched and choked Fields to the point of unconsciousness .
Their 10-year-old sister then helped Ms Moore outside , tending to their wounds with a recently purchased first aid kit .
Ms Moore 's four-year-old son had grabbed their two-year-old sister and hid under the bed .
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown met the children , who showed incredible humility in the wake of the ordeal .
“ I kept telling them how incredible they are , ” Brown told 60 Minutes .
“ They feel proud of themselves but at the end of the day say they do n't think about how brave they were .
“ They 're happy they saved their mum , that 's all that matters . ”
Rachael Moore speaks with reporter Tara Brown . ( 60 Minutes ) ( )
Remarkably , the boys had learned some of their skills in an acting class .
Brown said the kids ' bravery showed the power of their love for their mother .
“ Clearly their instinct and the skills they learned - motivated by love for their mother - overcame the strength of a man twice their size and the adrenaline they were all feeling in that room that night , ” they said .
“ All that was overcome by goodness , instinct and love . ”
Fields was later charged with a string of offences including attempted murder , common assault and unlawful possession of a weapon .
The federal government yesterday announced a $ 100m package aimed at tackling the scourge of domestic violence .
Three of Rachael Moore 's children recount the horrific ordeal . ( 60 Minutes ) ( )
Brown said it was pleasing to be able to present a story from the children 's point of view .
“ What our story does is it highlights the aftershock of domestic violence , ” they said .
“ We quite rightly focus on the women who are targeted in these cases .
“ Our story shows the repercussions – we do n't often hear from the children . ”
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
The White House is telling federal agencies to ignore Democratic lawmakers ' oversight requests in order to keep them from gaining information that could be used against President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE , Politico reported Friday .
“ You have the Republicans leading the House , the Senate and the White House , ” a White House official reportedly said . “ I do n't think you 'd have the Democrats responding to every minority member request if they were in the same position . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
White House ethics lawyer Uttam Dhillon reportedly gave the directive at meetings with top officials from various government departments earlier this year .
A White House spokesperson reportedly said the administration 's policy is “ to accommodate the requests of chairpeople , regardless of their political party . ”
“ [ We also respond to ] all non-oversight inquiries , including the Senate 's inquiries for purposes of providing advice and consent on nominees , without regard to the political party of the requester , ” they said .
“ Multiple agencies have , in fact , responded to minority member requests . No agencies have been directed not to respond to minority requests . ”
A senior Democratic aide told Politico that of 225 oversight letters Senate Democrats have sent the administration since January , most have received no response .
“ When it comes to almost anything we 've done at a federal agency , very close to 100 percent of those we have n't gotten anything back , ” a second senior Democratic aide said . “ And at the White House it 's definitely 100 percent . ”
The four spots of light around the bright galaxy blob in the middle all come from the same exploding star ( Image : Patrick L. Kelly et al ( arXiv:1411.6009 [ astro-ph.CO ] ) )
Seeing quadruple ? For the first time , astronomers have seen an image of a single supernova split into four by a gravitational lens . The splintered stellar explosion may help calibrate distances across the universe .
Gravitational lenses are the result of massive celestial objects , like stars , galaxies or even dark matter , bending light as it passes near them . Sometimes gravitational lenses produce multiple images of a single object behind them . The effect is similar to looking at a candle through the base of a wine glass .
Exactly 50 years ago , Norwegian astrophysicist Sjur Refsdal suggested that if astronomers can find a supernova whose light had been bent in several directions by a gravitational lens , that might tell them how quickly the universe is expanding . Each image takes a different path to telescopes near Earth , depending on how much mass is in the way . The differences in the time it takes each image to reach Earth is proportional to the universe 's expansion rate .
Advertisement
Despite decades of searching , no such stellar explosions had turned up . But now , Patrick Kelly at the University of California , Berkeley and their colleagues say they 've found one .
The MACS J1149.6+2223 galaxy cluster ( Image : NASA , ESA , and M. Postman ( STScI ) , and the CLASH team )
The supernova appeared in images of the galaxy cluster MACS J1149.6+2223 taken on 10 November by the Hubble Space Telescope . Around one of the giant galaxies in the cluster , the researchers saw the smeared arcs of a distorted , smaller spiral galaxy behind it . Embedded within those smears were four bright light sources . The wavelengths of the light in those arcs suggest a single origin , the same distance from Earth , meaning the bright light sources are probably all images of the same star within the spiral galaxy . Because the object did not appear in earlier images of the same galaxy cluster , the researchers think it is the bright , fatal explosion of a supernova .
“ This is a fantastic discovery , ” says Robert Quimby at the University of Tokyo , Japan . “ The authors make a good case that this is a supernova seen through a gravitational lens . ”
Universal speed-up
Supernovae come in several varieties , but one kind , called a type Ia , has been an important tool for astronomers . These explosions put out nearly the same amount of light , no matter where in the universe they occur . So when scientists find a type Ia supernova , they can tell how far away it is by how much of this light makes it to Earth , or how bright it appears . These supernovae revealed to astronomers in the late 1990s that the universe 's expansion is speeding up – a discovery that received the 2011 Nobel prize in physics .
Kelly 's team does n't yet know what kind of supernova they found , but it could help put the strongest limits yet on cosmological parameters if it is . Because the images all come from the same supernova , comparing their time delays would give a more precise value of the supernova 's actual brightness than any distant type Ia supernova measured yet . That value would help them better gauge distances to all such blasts across the universe , and pin down the universe 's expansion rate .
It can also give an estimate of the mass of the lensing galaxy or cluster , and help map the distribution of matter in the cluster , says Brian Schmidt of the Australian National University , one of the 2011 Nobel laureates . That could give astronomers a bead on the nature of dark matter . “ We can see if dark matter and atoms are distributed as expected , ” they say . “ Seriously cool discovery ! ”
Journal Reference : ArXiv : arxiv.org/abs/1411.6009 , submitted to Science
MOST governments sex up their economic records . Australia 's is sexing its down . For a year the prime minister , Kevin Rudd , has been issuing dire warnings about a “ long , tough and bumpy road ” , and this summer , they advertised their jauntily entitled essay , “ Pain on the Road to Recovery ” , with the mantra that Australia was “ not out of the woods yet ” .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Which is slightly odd . Unlike in most rich nations , national income in Australia , buoyed by strong exports to Asia and resilient household consumption , actually grew in the three months to June by 0.6 % and was higher than at the same time last year . Unemployment remained flat at 5.8 % yet again in August , below its 30-year average of 7.2 % , and far below the peaks of the early 1990s . The stockmarket has risen 43 % since March ; house prices in Sydney and Melbourne are up and business and consumer confidence are at or near two-year highs . Financial crisis ? What financial crisis ? Australia 's big banks have reported huge profits in the past 18 months , expanded overseas and tightened their hold on the domestic banking market too .
The government seems to believe its own propaganda . In May it proposed a budget deficit in 2009-10 of 4.9 % of GDP , which would be one of the biggest federal deficits since the second world war . Torrents of spending are pouring down on public buildings , home insulation , rail crossing gates and pension payments . After fending off a High Court challenge in April the government sent off cheques worth A $ 900 ( $ 640 ) each to taxpayers earning less than A $ 80,000 a year . It has also guaranteed bank deposits up to A $ 1m at no charge , and remaining bank liabilities for a small fee .
Critics fret about both the details and the scale of the spending . Following accusations of waste , the Senate and the auditor-general ( who answers to Parliament ) are separately inquiring into the stimulus spending on renovating school buildings . The opposition 's Treasury spokesperson , Joe Hockey , reckons that planned spending is “ completely out of proportion ” . Rumour has it that the finance minister , Lindsay Tanner , agrees , but is overruled .
But market economists are grateful . “ The economic stimulus caught the economy before it fell , ” says Rory Robertson from Macquarie Bank . “ There were no prizes for being half-hearted , ” opines Matthew Hassan from Westpac , another bank . The government is popular among voters too . Sinclair Davidson of the Institute of Public Affairs , a think-tank in Melbourne , concludes that a combination of “ gloomy rhetoric and massive spending is the perfect strategy : a hedge against bad news , and a reason for good . ”
Argentinian football star Ossie Ardiles thanks Falklanders for ‘ world class ' care as they recover from horror smash involving former Spurs team-mate Ricky Villa
Ardiles , 61 , believed to have been making a TV documentary
Villa , also 61 , not believed to have been injured in the accident
Ardiles , however , was airlifted to hospital in Stanley
World Cup winner and former Spurs star Ossie Ardiles has thanked the people of the Falklands for helping them and former teammate Ricky Villa as they recover from a car accident .
The ex-footballer crashed into a sheep while in driving in the Falklands last night , leaving the hire car battered and blood-splattered and the 61-year-old Argentinian needing 20 stitches to the head .
Ardiles was believed to have been in the Falklands making a television documentary with former Spurs teammate Ricky Villa , also 61 .
Scroll down for video
Spurred on : Ossie Ardiles and Ricky Villa pictured recovering in hospital on The Falkland Islands after being pulled from the mangled hire car
The hire car Ricardo Villa and Osvaldo Ardiles were using in the Falklands covered with what is believed to be sheep 's blood The aftermath : Ossie Ardiles suffered a major head injury and is now recovering in a Falklands Island hospital This morning the motor was removed from the scene with what is believed to be the blood of the animal on the outside . In a statement released from the Falkland Islands Government , Ardiles said : 'Thank you to everyone in the Islands who have helped , without exception .
'From the moment of the accident , the attention and care we have received from the police , the RAF helicopter team , the doctors and nurses here has been world class . RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Ten people savaged by flesh-eating piranhas in Argentinian ... Fears grow for Argentinian President Kirchner who has not ... Share this article Share 'Thank you to everyone for your concern , I am fine and doing well . '
It is thought Ardiles was behind the wheel and swerved to avoid a sheep . They suffered a blow to the head and was airlifted to hospital . Villa was not believed to have been injured . South Atlantic News Agency reported that Ardiles was taken to King Edward Memorial Hospital in Stanley , the capital of the Falklands . The extent of their injuries was unknown but a nurse at the hospital described Ardiles as 'fine ' . Feeling better : Ex-footballer Ossie Ardiles was treated for head injuries and is now recovering Ricardo Villa and Osvaldo Ardiles pictured together in the Falklands before the crash The car is believed to have overturned during the accident , killing the animal and leaving Ardiles needing 20 stitches to the head Mangled : The hire car was left twisted when it was recovered this morning Speaking from home in England , their son Pablo told BBC Sport : 'My understanding is they are fine . They have 20 odd stitches in their head and my understanding is they have been hospitalised overnight . But he 's fine . ' Ardiles and Villa are in the Falkland Islands for a TV documentary which Ardiles ' other son , who was in the car , is directing .
Four passengers have been released from hospital after treatment for minor injuries with three others detained .
'Ricky Villa and my brother were out there but they are OK and are back in the hotel , ' added Pablo .
In hospital : Ossie Ardiles ( right ) playing for Tottenham Hotspur against West Bromwich Albion Osvaldo Ardiles pictured in their Tottenham Hotspur shirt ( left ) soon after he , and international team-mate Ricky Villa , joined Spurs in 1978 . Pictured ( right ) , Ardiles attends the Professional Footballers ' Association Awards at London 's Grosvenor House Hotel in 2010
All at Club wish Ossie Ardiles and Ricky Villa speedy recovery after they were involved in a car accident in the Falklands last night . — Tottenham Hotspur ( @ SpursOfficial ) January 21 , 2014
Overseas stars : Ossie Ardiles and Ricardo Villa outside Wembley before the 1981 FA Cup final
' I do n't know the exact details but I understand my dad was driving and that they lost control somehow . I 've heard reports they swerved to avoid a sheep but I ca n't confirm that .
'The main thing is they are fine , they are all OK . '
Both players were part of the Argentina side that won the 1978 World Cup on home soil . They then headed to London to join Spurs and were part of the team that won the FA Cup in 1981 .
I 'm Ossie 's daughter in law , unbelievable amount of support for him . Thanks so much everyone . — Aimee Ardiles ( @ aimeeardiles ) January 21 , 2014
Ricky Villa chats with Ossie Ardiles during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton at White Hart Lane in April
Tottenham Hotspur 's Ossie Ardiles and Ricardo Villa celebrate victory in the FA Cup over Manchester City in 1981 FA Cup winners : Ricky Villa and Ossie Ardiles at Wembley in 1981
Meanwhile , Argentina news site m1nutuono reported the duo were travelling with six others when the vehicle lost control and overturned at around 9pm local time .
'Ardiles and Villa had to be rescued by a military helicopter ... four of the injured were discharged and three remain under observation , ' the site said .
Ardiles , who also played for Paris Saint-Germain and Blackburn , and Villa were part of the 1978 World Cup winning Argentina side on home soil and both won the 1981 FA Cup with Spurs .
Both Ardiles and Villas ' careers in England were curtailed by the Falklands War because of anti-Argentinian feelings at the time . The documentary they were filming is believed to be about how the conflict affected them .
In June 1982 , Spurs placed Ardiles briefly on loan to Paris St Germain before they returned .
Ardiles spent a decade at the north London club before going on to have spells with Blackburn , QPR and Swindon Town .
DURHAM , North Carolina – October 25 , 2017 – SolarWinds MSP , a global leader in delivering comprehensive , scalable IT service management solutions to IT solution providers and MSPs , today announced the launch of SolarWinds® Mail Assure™ , a cloud-based email malware protection and spam filtering solution that acts as a protective layer for all incoming and outgoing email .
SolarWinds Mail Assure is a threat detection system that is continuously updated with input from over two million secure domains in over 85 countries , while the Mail Assure spam and threat protection helps to effectively shield users from email threats . Designed to act as a failsafe if a company 's primary email service goes down , the solution provides business continuity and user access to email flow . Mail Assure also allows users to :
Integrate with virtually any on-premises or cloud-based email service , including Microsoft ® Office 365 ® and Exchange ™
Brand the solution with company logo and interface color scheme
Specify the location of servers within North America or Europe for regulatory compliancy
Use any web-connected device with responsive UI design
View comprehensive , detailed mail logs and reports
Search indexed archives for copying and compression of all inbound and outbound emails
Import existing archive data and export searched data to normal formats
“ The most vulnerable vector for malicious business attacks is email ; according to recent research , 91 % of cyberattacks and the resulting data breach begin with a spear phishing email [ 1 ] . In this high-threat world , it 's more important than ever for IT service providers to provide a reliable and stable mail protection solution that offers spam filtering and seamless integration at an affordable price , ” said Greg Lissy , vice president of product management , SolarWinds MSP . “ Even if customers have a primary layer of security , as with Microsoft Office 365 , Mail Assure provides an additional layer of defense to prevent spam , virus , and ransomware attacks—providing users with increased reliability , email continuity , and top-of-the-line email security . ”
For more information on how to anticipate threats with Mail Assure , please click here .
About SolarWinds MSP
SolarWinds MSP empowers IT service providers with technologies to fuel their success . Solutions that integrate layered security , collective intelligence , and smart automation—both on-premises and in the cloud , backed by actionable data insights , help IT service providers get the job done easier and faster . SolarWinds MSP helps our customers focus on what matters most—meeting their SLAs and delivering services efficiently and effectively . For more information , visit solarwindsmsp.com
The SolarWinds and SolarWinds MSP trademarks are the exclusive property of SolarWinds MSP UK Ltd. or its affiliates and may be registered or pending registration with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries . All other SolarWinds MSP UK and SolarWinds trademarks , service marks , and logos may be common law marks or are registered or pending registration . All other trademarks mentioned herein are used for identification purposes only and are trademarks ( and may be registered trademarks ) of their respective companies .
© 2017 SolarWinds MSP UK Ltd. All rights reserved .
For more information :
Karla Walls
[ email protected ]
François Hollande 's aim of supporting a climate deal at the COP21 in Paris this year is noble and right , but they have chosen the wrong tool to do it , writes Matti Leppälä .
Matti Leppälä is Secretary-General of PensionsEurope , which promotes a multi-pillar pension model at European level in order to allow each member state to position its pension system according to its political preferences .
Next Monday , officials from the eleven member states willing to participate in the Financial Transaction Tax will meet in Brussels to discuss a new draft proposal prepared by the Commission .
Negotiations have been launched . However , European leaders are still a long way from agreeing how a FTT would work and how much money it would raise , but that has not stopped them from using the tax to tackle a remarkable variety of challenges . Climate change , the damage done to our planet by industrialisation , financial instability and excessive high-frequency trading – each of these issues has been identified as a problem that could be addressed by a tax on financial transactions . It sometimes seems the FTT is the all-purpose political treasure chest de nos jours – ever-ready for turning our politicians ' latest dreams into reality .
President Hollande 's particular dream – the COP 21 – could come true in Paris in December this year . For non-climate change aficionados , the COP 21 is the latest attempt to find a global climate agreement . A successor to the Kyoto Protocol must be found after the diplomatic disaster of the Copenhagen conference and it would be an historic coup for France 's President if they could be the man to secure the next big deal .
One of the sticking points is that neither Europe nor the world is really united on questions of climate change protection . So Hollande 's team has had the idea of making the economic cost more palatable ( at least in the short-run ) by using FTT revenues to support climate change measures in the developing world and thus persuading those countries to sign their “ Paris Protocol ” . The world would get a new climate deal and Hollande would have a good story for the 2017 election campaign . It would be win-win all round .
But is the FTT it really such a good idea ? The reality is that a financial transaction tax would be less of a win for the European economy and more of a loss for everybody . The scenario painted by the eleven participating governments is not matched by the numbers . Even five years ago the IMF – a reliable partner to the European institutions – calculated that the costs of a FTT would be passed all the way down the investment chain to individual consumers . Households and businesses would be hit hard just as economic recovery was beginning . And a large number of research institutes such as the CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis have warned of the negative spill-over effects outside the EU-11 and financial sector .
The current FTT proposal would apply to the transactions of all types of financial institutions , regardless of their role in the system and regardless of whether they contributed to the financial crisis . There would be no distinction between short-term speculators investors and long-term investors .
It seems particularly bizarre that pension funds , which play a role of paramount importance in an ever-ageing society with crumbling state pension systems – are not exempted at all . Pension funds are the long-term investors par excellence , investing in high-maturity assets in order to match their long-term liabilities . Pension funds did not and do not engage in the short term-speculative investments that were the root of the financial crisis . In fact , they contributed to the recovery by keeping their long-term liabilities in the financial markets .
The potential impact of an FTT on European pension funds and consequently on future pensioners is alarming to say the least , as it would trigger higher premiums or reduced benefits , thereby aggravating the challenges posed by the ageing of Europe 's population .
The FTT would prevent the EU from building a Capital Markets Union as its ‘ cascade effect ' , this is levying the tax multiple times on a single transaction by applying it to every step in the investment chain , would deter long term investors from investing in the real economy .
The kind of FTT currently proposed by France and Austria – a low rate applied to a broad range of financial instruments – would have severe and damaging consequences for Europe 's society and economy . The benefits would be massively outweighed by the harm the FTT would do – and not just for the pensions sector . The inclusion of derivatives is a mistake , as they are used by pension funds to rebalance their portfolios and defend their liabilities , thereby reducing risk in the financial system .
President Hollande 's aim of supporting a climate deal is noble and right , but they have chosen the wrong tool to do it . Making climate projects investable by creating the right regulatory framework – in Europe and also in emerging markets , would be a much better way of directing capital to this cause without harming society , the economy and future pensioners . The FTT is not the answer .
A key ally of Jeremy Corbyn has called for George Galloway to be re-admitted to the Labour party .
Andrew Murray - who helped to run Labour 's general election campaign - said it is `` long past time '' for the left-wing former MP to be brought back into the fold .
A Labour spokesperson refused to rule out re-admitting the former Respect leader to the party .
Mr Galloway was expelled in 2003 over comments they made against the Iraq war , including calls for British troops to `` refuse to obey illegal orders '' .
According to the Morning Star , former Communist Party member Mr Murray - who is the Unite union 's chief of staff - has described that decision as `` vicious , illegal and disgraceful '' .
They also praised Mr Galloway for their role in `` the leadership of the movement '' through their opposition to the war .
Mr Murray 's comments are significant as they are so influential on Jeremy Corbyn 's thinking .
The pair is long-standing allies , with Mr Murray succeeding Mr Corbyn as chair of the Stop The War Coalition .
Mr Murray was a member of the Communist Party of Britain until last December , and told The Guardian in 2015 : `` Communism still represents , in my view , a society worth working towards – albeit not by the methods of the 20th century , which failed . ''
According to the New Statesman , they now split their time between Unite 's HQ and Mr Corbyn 's office .
Their appointment to Labour 's election campaign team infuriated many within the party , but Mr Corbyn said : `` Andrew Murray is a member of the Labour party and they are an official at Unite and they are temporarily helping us with the campaign .
`` He is a person of enormous abilities and professionalism and is the head of staff of Unite the Union . To manage a very large union and a large number of staff takes special skills and Andrew has them . ''
Mr Corbyn added : `` I do n't believe that Andrew is anything other than a democratic socialist and a member of the Labour party , like me . ''
After being booted out by Labour , Mr Galloway was MP for Bethnal Green and Bow from 2005 until 2010 , and for Bradford West between 2012 and 2015 .
A former Labour minister told PoliticsHome : `` George Galloway has organised against the Labour party , vilified our candidates and now someone who joined the party less than a year ago wants to welcome them back with open arms . It 's shameful . ''
A Labour party spokesperson said : `` Candidates who stand against Labour are normally ineligible for party membership for five years under Labour Party rules . ''
Government responds to backlash by moving amendments to ensure the bill only protects industries ‘ vulnerable to protest action '
The Tasmanian government is moving to amend controversial anti-protest laws to more specifically target anti-forestry and mining activists .
The Protection from Protesters bill , which passed Tasmania 's lower house in June , proposed fining demonstrators who “ prevent , hinder , or obstruct the carrying out of a business activity ” up to $ 10,000 . Second and repeat offenders would face mandatory jail terms of up to two years .
But after a backlash from unions , civil libertarians , the farmers ' lobby and a UN rapporteur who called the bill “ shocking ” , the state government is moving amendments to avoid what the state 's resources minister , Paul Harriss , has called “ unintended consequences ” .
Under the proposed amendments , the anti-protest laws would not apply to demonstrations on public roads and footpaths – provided they do not block access to a business .
It also removes references to protests against shops , markets , warehouses or offices , ensuring “ the bill only covers those industries that have been identified as vulnerable to protest action namely : mining , forestry , agriculture , construction and manufacturing ” .
The amendments also propose to “ protect mum and dad type protesters ” by allowing police to give demonstrators a warning before they issue fines or make arrests .
It caps the maximum infringement fine that can be issued at $ 280 for individuals and $ 1,400 for organisations . Police prosecutors will also be given discretion to charge protesters with a lesser offence that does not carry a mandatory jail term .
University of New South Wales law professor George Williams told Guardian Australia that even with the amendments , the bill remains “ susceptible to challenge in the high court ” .
Williams said the changes “ do n't fix the central problem : that is , that [ the bill ] applies large fines and jail to protesting activity , including the possibility of a mandatory minimum jail term ” .
Another constitutional law expert , professor Adrienne Stone , said the narrowing of the bill to specifically target opponents of the mining , agriculture and forestry industry “ will provide an additional argument for those who wish to challenge the law ” .
“ A law that limits political communication , which this has the capacity to do , has to pursue a legitimate end , and it has to do so reasonably .
“ And I think the fact this only targets some industries and not others might give rise to argument that it 's not really directed to a legitimate end … that it 's really directed to favouring the government , ” Stone said .
The Hodgman government has argued the harsh new measures are necessary because “ existing laws have proved inadequate ” .
“ In many ways the bill is comparable to roads laws ; people are allowed to drive their cars but they must obey speed limits and stay on the right side of the road so as not to hurt others , ” it said in a briefing , currently being circulated to upper house MPs .
The Greens justice spokesperson , Nick McKim , said the amendments were aimed at “ appeasing ” critics of the bill in the legal and farming industries . “ The government 's tried pretty hard to polish the cowpat , but it 's still a cowpat , ” they said .
The Tasmanian upper house is expected to debate the bill on Thursday .
Animals living with kin and nonkin should make social decisions based on the consequences for both direct and indirect fitness . Common vampire bats , Desmodus rotundus , invest in stable cooperative relationships that benefit both components of inclusive fitness . To disentangle these two factors , we conducted two types of playback trials using a captive group of familiar common vampire bats with mixed kinship and varying rates of dyadic food sharing . We presented each subject with two speakers , playing contact calls from two different familiar conspecifics . In ‘ past donor trials ' , 15 vampire bats chose between calls recorded from either a frequent or rare food donor , but both callers were related to a similar degree with the subject . In ‘ kinship trials ' , 31 vampire bats chose between calls recorded from either a close or distant relative , but both callers were matched for food-sharing history with the subject . We found that vampire bats were attracted to contact calls of frequent food donors when controlling for kinship , but not to calls of kin when controlling for food-sharing history . Responses and acoustic analyses suggested that bats recognized individuals from vocalizations . These results corroborate past findings that prior food sharing can overshadow relatedness in determining the social decisions of vampire bats . Common vampire bat contact calls allow food-sharing partners to recognize and find each other at a distance , which likely enables them to switch roosts together in the wild .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The new Department of Health anti-smoking television advert
A series of hard-hitting government adverts featuring people smoking cigarettes with a tumour growing from the end is being launched in England .
The ads will tell smokers that just 15 cigarettes can cause a mutation that leads to cancerous tumours in what marks a return to shock campaigning .
It is eight years since government 's `` fatty cigarette '' anti-smoking adverts appeared .
This £2.7m ad campaign will appear on TV , online and posters until February .
Smokers will also be told about NHS quit kits that are available free from pharmacies .
More than a third of smokers still believe the health risks from smoking are greatly exaggerated , recent statistics from the Department of Health showed .
'Risk '
Chief medical officer Prof Dame Sally Davies said smokers were still underestimating the serious health risks from smoking .
`` We want smokers to understand that each packet of cigarettes increases their risk of cancer . ''
`` People will see a man smoking and then a cancer growing out of the cigarette . That is what happens in people 's bodies .
`` We really want to catch all smokers but particularly the young who wo n't have seen hard hitting campaigns before . They do n't understand what damage is happening in their bodies , what their risks are , '' they added .
The adverts follow the Stoptober campaign , which saw more than 270,000 sign up in a mass attempt to quit two months ago .
The ad campaign has received the backing of Cancer Research UK .
Its chief executive Dr Harpal Kumar said : `` Hard-hitting campaigns such as this illustrate the damage caused by smoking and this can encourage people to quit or may even stop them from starting in the first place . ''
`` Giving up smoking can be extremely difficult , so providing extra motivation and reminding people of just how harmful the habit is can help smokers to take that first step in quitting for good . ''
The charity said smoking is the single biggest preventable cause of cancer and causes about a quarter of all cancer deaths .
In the recent world championship match between Viswanathan Anand and Veselin Topalov , Playchess.com , a chess-hosting server owned by Chessbase , transmitted the moves during the games , along with analysis by Yasser Seirawan , an American grandmaster .
Did Chessbase have the right to transmit the moves ?
No , according to Silvio Danailov , Topalov 's manager and an organizer of the match . During the match , a notice on the official Web site said ,
Warning ! It is absolutely prohibited the live broadcast of the moves or video during the game on other websites , media or software without the explicit permission of the organizers of the match . This prohibition is being violated by ChessBase .
In a telephone interview , Danailov said that they told Chessbase that it would be sued if it retransmitted the moves without paying . They said , “ When they refused this , I told them that this will be a court case and they said , ‘ Okay , we are ready . ' ”
Danailov and the Bulgarian backers of the championship filed a lawsuit on May 27 against Chessbase in Germany , where the company is based . The lawsuit seeks damages for violating copyright laws as well as for the sponsors of the match , who were hurt by the loss of Web traffic to the match 's Web site , according to Rainer Polzin , the lawyer representing the plaintiffs .
“ If you look to Playchess.com , Chessbase makes no sponsorship logos from I.B.M . and so on , ” said Polzin , referring to the match 's sponsors . In addition to being a lawyer , Polzin is also a grandmaster .
Danailov said the problem with Chessbase retransmitting the moves was that it was making a profit on Playchess , which is a subscription based server . They said that people should have to pay for watching chess matches live , just as with cricket . “ You can not watch cricket on the Internet without paying . It is not possible , ” they said .
Chessbase , in an e-mail message , released the following statement about the lawsuit ,
We have not received any arraignment and do not know what the alleged lawsuit is about in detail – which makes it difficult to comment on anything . We have certainly not broken any laws or regulations , as legal experts here in Germany have assured us . What we did is something most online news-services do in regard to any major sports event ( comparable to live online-information on goals scored in an ongoing soccer match ) . In addition , Playchess did not even rely on the World Championship site but only informed their audience of the moves as they were freely made public on multiple sites worldwide on the Internet .
In fact , in an interview with Chessvibes , a chess news Web site , Danailov said that several other sites , including the Internet Chess Club , Chessdom and blogs belonging to Susan Polgar and Sergey Shipov , were allowed to retransmit the moves live .
Chess moves can not be copyrighted , Seirawan said in a telephone interview , at least under American law , though they believe that is also true in Germany . “ Chess moves have been compared to box scores of baseball games , ” they said . “ That is in the public domain . It is public knowledge . ”
Given that legal foundation , they said that the idea that the transmission of the moves could be copyrighted during the game was illogical . “ Let 's imagine that it is a four-hour game , ” said Seirawan . “ Then magically the copyright exists . You are creating a copyright for four hours that then no longer exists . ”
Polzin said that they were not basing their argument on copyright law , but on the idea that the match was creating a database of the games , and that was what was being used .
Seirawan said that during their broadcast , they did not rely exclusively on moves from the match Web site . There were times they said that people following them online told them the moves first . That was particularly true when there was a power failure in the main hall during one of the games and the moves could not be broadcast over the Web . Then , they said , they received moves from people in the hall where the game was being played .
In its article , Chessvibes speculated that Danailov has singled out Chessbase because of a three-year-old story by a Russian newspaper that the site had republished , which alleged that they and Topalov might have cheated during games . The allegations were not investigated or proved .
Danailov , who is running for the presidency of the European Chess Union , said that having people pay to watch live events was a good idea . “ We need the income , and the Internet is a great audience , ” they said , adding , “ If the organizers have more income , they can pay it to the players . ”
Correction :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly attributed the statement by Chessbase to Frederic Friedel , the company 's founder .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - When the Supreme Court last scrutinized the 1965 Voting Rights Act in 2009 , Justice Anthony Kennedy peered down from the bench and asked why federal rules were tougher for Alabama and Georgia than for Michigan and Ohio .
Security guards walk the steps of the Supreme Court before Justice Elena Kagan 's investiture ceremony in Washington , October 1 , 2010 . REUTERS/Larry Downing
Chief Justice John Roberts pointedly added that it seemed lawyers defending the rules , which were created to protect black voters , believed that even in modern times “ southerners are more likely to discriminate than northerners . ”
Now four years later , as the landmark law faces another challenge , the skepticism of Roberts and of Kennedy , often the decisive vote on racial dilemmas , is likely to emerge with even greater force .
In the dispute to be heard on Wednesday , the crucial issue is whether Congress may continue to require certain states , mainly in the South , to show that any proposed election-law change would not discriminate against African-American , Latino or other minority voters .
The screening provision known as Section 5 is one of the pillars of the law passed after the notorious “ Bloody Sunday ” on March 7 , 1965 , in Selma , Alabama , when state troopers attacked civil rights marchers with clubs and tear gas . The act broadly prohibited poll taxes , literacy tests and other rules depriving blacks of the franchise . In the 1960s , such measures existed throughout the nation but were especially common in the South with its legacy of slavery .
The modern relevance of the issues was underscored in the 2012 presidential election campaign when courts nationwide heard civil-rights challenges to newly adopted state voting-districts , voter identification laws , and polling-place limits , for example on hours of early voting . The most restrictive laws ended up being blocked before the November elections .
As the 2009 remarks of Kennedy , Roberts and other justices signaled , the conservative Supreme Court majority is skeptical that today 's South still needs special oversight . The new case from Shelby County , Ala. , is likely to come down to whether Congress documented sufficient evidence in its 2006 renewal of the law to justify treating different locales differently .
The Obama administration is defending the provision , asserting that the South still needs tough supervision . The court 's ruling in one of the most closely watched cases this term could affect federal oversight of a swath of states through 2031 as well as the extent of minority participation in elections in crucial jurisdictions .
Nine designated states ( and parts of seven others ) must obtain federal approval before making any election-law changes , such as for voter-identification rules or in district boundaries . The nine fully covered states are Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Georgia , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Texas and Virginia .
Conservative advocates and southern officials who have banded together against Section 5 say it is an archaic measure that encroaches on state sovereignty . The U.S. government , backed by civil rights groups , counters that in the case of Shelby County v. Holder that Congress has rightly continued to single out places with the worst bias .
In 2009 , the Supreme Court avoided the large question about the scope of Congress 's power to remedy discrimination and decided the case from Texas on narrow grounds . But Chief Justice Roberts fired a warning shot about how the court might ultimately rule when they wrote , “ Things have changed in the South . Voter turnout and registration rates now approach parity . Blatantly discriminatory evasions of federal decrees are rare . And minority candidates hold office at unprecedented levels . ”
In their brief for the Obama administration defending Section 5 , U.S . Solicitor General Donald Verrilli acknowledged that “ there is no question that ‘ things have changed in the South ' since 1965. ” But Verrilli stressed that Congress found that states covered by Section 5 were still resisting minority voters ' “ right to participate in the political process . ”
They pointed to a federal court 's decision last year that Texas legislators had redrawn voting districts along racial lines and disadvantaged minority voters . In separate 2012 actions , judges blocked Texas from imposing a tough voter-ID rule and Florida locales from curtailing an early-voting period . Critics of Section 5 note , however , that in 2012 northern states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania tried to impose voting restrictions that were rejected by courts .
PERPETRATORS TO VICTIMS
When Congress first adopted Section 5 in 1965 , it wanted to prevent places with a history of bias from continually imposing new rules that would keep blacks from the polls . As the court observed when it upheld the law against its first challenge , in 1966 , Congress found case-by-case litigation costly and inadequate to stop abuses . Congress sought “ to shift the advantage of time and inertia from the perpetrators of the evil to its victims , ” the court observed .
As Congress has repeatedly renewed Section 5 , it has retained a coverage formula linked to discriminatory practices of the 1960s and early 1970s . But it has allowed jurisdictions that can show a new , clean record to “ bail out ” and has extended coverage beyond those states originally covered .
In Shelby County 's appeal to the Supreme Court , lawyer Bert Rein says Section 5 and its coverage formula achieved their goals and that Congress failed to document in 2006 the kind of systematic obstruction that originally warranted tough scrutiny .
Still , in Alabama , the U.S. Justice Department has repeatedly and recently blocked proposed electoral changes . One 2008 incident occurred in Shelby County when the city of Calera implemented a redistricting plan that caused the one African American on the city council to lose their seat . After the Justice Department forced Calera to redraw the map with fairer lines , they won their election .
NAACP Legal Defense Fund lawyer Debo Adegbile will represent that council member , Ernest Montgomery , and other Shelby County African Americans , on Wednesday .
Adegbile was at the lectern in 2009 , on behalf of African Americans in that Texas case , when Chief Justice Roberts said it appeared the message of Section 5 's defenders was that “ southerners are more likely to discriminate than northerners . ”
Adegbile said then , and insists today , that it 's not that discrimination does not happen outside Section 5 's covered states but that repetitive violations are concentrated in those within its scope . “ Voting discrimination continues , ” Adegbile told Reuters in a recent interview , “ particularly in Alabama , and indeed Shelby County 's own recent record proves that point . ”
About the Black Mamba
Black mambas are fast , nervous , lethally venomous , and when threatened , highly aggressive . They have been blamed for numerous human deaths , and African myths exaggerate their capabilities to legendary proportions . For these reasons , the black mamba is widely considered the world 's deadliest snake .
Range and Characteristics
Black mambas live in the savannas and rocky hills of southern and eastern Africa . They are Africa 's longest venomous snake , reaching up to 14 feet in length , although 8.2 feet is more the average . They are also among the fastest snakes in the world , slithering at speeds of up to 12.5 miles per hour .
They get their name not from their skin color , which tends to be olive to gray , but rather from the blue-black color of the inside of their mouth , which they display when threatened .
Behavior
Black mambas are shy and will almost always seek to escape when confronted . However , when cornered , these snakes will raise their heads , sometimes with a third of their body off the ground , spread their cobra-like neck-flap , open their black mouths , and hiss . If an attacker persists , the mamba will strike not once , but repeatedly , injecting large amounts of potent neuro- and cardiotoxin with each strike .
Venom
Before the advent of black mamba antivenin , a bite from this fearsome serpent was 100 percent fatal , usually within about 20 minutes . Unfortunately , antivenin is still not widely available in the rural parts of the mamba 's range , and mamba-related deaths remain frequent .
Is the GNU GPL “ dying ” or is that just the prejudice of those whose open source exploitation would be hampered by its use ? Italian version
At the huge FOSDEM developer meetup in Brussels in early February , I attended a panel where speakers discussed whether the use of “ permissive ” open source licenses like the Apache License is now outstripping use of “ viral ” licenses , such as the GPL . The discussion was spirited , with advocates associated with the Free Software Foundation pushing back on the assertion the GPL is “ dying ” .
Reciprocal vs Non-reciprocal
I 'm not keen on much of the language they were using to describe licenses , like “ permissive ” and “ viral ” to describe the Apache License and the GPL respectively . The GPL is a fine open source license that grants all the permissions needed by developer communities that adopt it . There is no sense in which it is not “ permissive ” , so to use that term as an antonym to “ copyleft ” verges on abuse . I prefer to consider the degree to which open source licenses anticipate reciprocal behaviour .
The Apache License grants all its permissions without any expectation that those passing on the software to others will also pass on the same freedoms they enjoy . Copyleft licenses anticipate that developers will share the freedoms they enjoy as well as sharing the source code . So I term licenses like the Apache License “ non-reciprocal ” and those like the GPL “ reciprocal ” .
There are many licenses in each of those two categories , with a wide variety of other attributes as well . For example , the BSD and MIT licenses are also non-reciprocal while the Eclipse License and Mozilla Public License are also reciprocal . There are also attributes other than reciprocity by which licenses might be classified , such as the nature of required attribution .
You can prove anything with statistics
One reason for the dispute is that there 's a fairly clear commercial motivation behind the statistics that are being used to support deprecation of the GPL . They come from companies that sell assurance and analysis services for open source , and who promote “ license compliance ” as a risk for developers . They have a vested interest in developers fearing reciprocal licensing because they aim to monetise the amelioration of that fear . Look at pretty much any scare story about “ license compliance ” and it will somehow be connected with what one speaker called the “ compliance-industrial complex ” and the companies behind it .
The complexity arises from the subjectivity of phrases like “ a decline in the GPL ” . Even when linked to data apparently supporting the statement , underneath is an assumption that the “ popularity ” of a license is demonstrated by the metric being cited , such as the number of new projects on Github using non-reciprocal licenses . Anti-GPL articles almost never justify why their popularity metric is valid . If I can pick my own metric , I can prove anything ! Surely the number of users using the software is the best metric ? Or the number of lines of code under the license ? Or the number of committers collectively working on projects under that license ? Or the number of published articles advocating for it ? Or the total revenue dependent on its existence ?
Certainty & Safe Spaces
So what is really going on ? An open source project is the “ safe space ” in which developers with an interest in a piece of software , for whatever reason , are able to collaborate over its evolution without the motivations of others impacting their own usage . The open source license the project uses defines and guarantees the things over which those developers need certainty . All give the right to use the code for any purpose , to share it with anyone , and to make whatever changes they want . Beyond those essential freedoms , different communities need different certainties . As Eben Moglen likes to say , “ licenses are the constitutions of communities ” .
Communities working on code that is normally used directly , alone and in its entirety – application software such as LibreOffice , for example – may well want their license to also guarantee reciprocal grants of the same rights to other developers . Most of the LibreOffice core developers work for companies that offer support , training , customisation and deployment . Because everyone who offers these services has to contribute their work as a license requirement , it 's much less likely that a freeloader will be able to undermine their business . The reciprocal license – in this case the Mozilla Public License v2 – is a key attribute expected by the community . Other projects such as GNOME and the Linux kernel use reciprocal licenses ( the GPL in those cases ) for similar reasons .
This is not true of every community though . For developers mixing ingredients from multiple origins – frameworks , components , libraries – reciprocal license requirements increase the uncertainty rather than decrease it . Their employer may be concerned about managing the different reciprocal duties of different licenses , such as the Eclipse Public License ( EPL ) and the CDDL . The different expectations of the nature and rigour of proof of reciprocity by different communities may also be a concern . For these developers , it is much simpler to use a non-reciprocal license like the Apache License for their work , especially if the code in question is not directly monetised .
Horses For Courses
Neither of these approaches are the One True Way . Both have their place , and both have substantial , growing international acceptance . All the same , the growing acceptance of open source for corporate use – some would now say “ dominance ” – could easily appear as the most important trend to those whose gaze is fixed in that direction . There is no doubt that the growth of corporate open source development has seen new code aimed towards it tend to use non-reciprocal licenses .
So perhaps the best way to view the subject is to note that the open source world has grown enormously . The use and support of the GPL has grown with it , but new strengths have also emerged related to corporate adoption of open source , leading to stronger growth of associated approaches to licensing .
Deciding which is dominant may well be a matter for your ideological biases rather than an objective absolute . But we can all agree that software freedom is now the core principle for the world 's software .
( A derivative of this article appeared in the Linux Voice section of issue 197 of Linux Magazine , April 2017 )
( This article has been translated into Italian )
The Huawei Mate 20 runs the Android 8.0 Oreo operating system out of t
KDETools Software is one of the leading software firm providing you wi
Use this brilliant EML to PST Converter . This is the perfect solution
Redmi Note5 Pro in India can also see Xiaomi 's attention to the Indian
Outlook Express does not support any update window . How to convert DBX
Finding your soulmate is generally a numbers diversion : The more place
To restore corrupt or inaccessible OST file , I would recommend you to
To split the large file into multiple small files use OST Recovery too
Mac user can try this OST to PST Converter for Mac software which can
Easily get the best OST to PST Software which smoothly removes all err
See if you have a Mac system and want to migrate the EML files into the Ou
In any case if you got stuck in any situation where you are seeking to
You know your computer only has a few months left , but you do n't have the money to upgrade to a new one ! We have a few apps to help you out .
Video is a great tool to get your message across the web . Here 's the problem , you do n't have a budget , and you do n't know anything about video editing .
for Mac for PC
Add New Suggestion If you ca n't find what you 're looking for you can
for PC Windows Explorer Tracker Track and Record Activity in Windows Explorer See The Deal 5
for PC Windows7FirewallControl Tightly Control Network Activity of Applications See The Deal
for PC WindowSpace The Most Organized Desktop ... EVER ! See The Deal 20
for PC Windows Explorer Tracker Track and Record Activity in Windows Explorer See The Deal 5
for PC WindowSpace The Most Organized Desktop ... EVER ! See The Deal 20
Mac & PC How to Easily Remove Bloatware from Windows 10 If you 've upgraded to Windows 10 you may have noted a number of new applications appearing on your system , seemingly without your permission . Let 's look at how to ease the pressure on that awful bloating . See The Deal
Mac & PC How To Personalize Windows 10 Windows 10 includes a bunch of personalization settings that let you change your desktop background , windows colors , lock screen background , and more . See The Deal
Maker for Dummies : A Plain English Explanation of the Dai Stablecoin
Gregory DiPrisco Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 20 , 2017
Summary :
1 Dai = $ 1
Maker keeps Dai at $ 1 using a system of collateral and price feeds . This collateral is carefully managed by the MKR token holders .
MKR holders act as a buyer of last resort .
Smart Contracts are blockchain magic .
Global settlement provides a final layer of safety .
You need stablecoins to realize the full potential of blockchain technology .
Maker also provides decentralized leverage , which is awesome .
The most common response when someone is asked about the Maker project is : “ Well it looks cool , but it 's too complicated and I do n't get it. ” The following seeks to simplify how Maker works and to walk you through the system in an ELI5 fashion . I 'm even going to write things like “ ELI5 = explain it like I 'm five , ” because that 's how basic this is going to be . This is your parents ' Maker tutorial . If you 're looking for more details , technical explanations , or are just fresh out of books written in Haskell , I recommend the Purple Paper .
What Product Does Maker Make ?
Rather than focus on what Maker is , this explanation focuses on the first product of the Maker organization . This product is called Dai .
Dai is type of stablecoin . The concept of a stablecoin is fairly straight forward — it 's a token ( like bitcoin and ether ) that exists on a blockchain . But unlike bitcoin or ether , it has no volatility . “ How can something have no volatility , volatility is relative ! ” Good catch . The asset that Dai is trying to be stable relative to is the U.S. Dollar . So , to summarize , one Dai equals one dollar . Dai is set to be the first working consumer-grade stablecoin .
But are n't there already stablecoins ? You lied !
Yes , and no . You 're most likely familiar with stablecoins that hold USD in bank accounts and issue tokens on a blockchain that are ‘ backed ' by these dollars . I call this legally-backed crypto , or an IOU coin , because if those bank accounts should ever be frozen or if the accountants defrauded token holders , the stablecoin now becomes an IOU on whatever 's left when they eventually get the bank accounts back ( if they ever regain the bank accounts ) . Relying on the legal system to maintain crypto-tokens inserts an unreliable middle-man into the blockchain .
We can do better . Enter Dai .
Maker 's Dai is a stablecoin that lives completely on the blockchain chain with its stability unmediated by the legal system or trusted counterparties .
Wait , wait , why do I need a stablecoin in the first place ?
Stablecoins are what allow us to fully realize the promise of blockchain technology . Any application which requires a low threshold of volatility to be viable on a blockchain , consumer loans for example , simply can not be denominated in a currency which fluctuates 10–20 % in a day , like bitcoin and ether . If you 're using bitcoin to send a remittance from one country to another , there 's a good chance that the price movement over the period of one block confirmation ( how long it takes the blockchain to include your transaction ) will be larger than the fees charged by Western Union or PayPal . If you 're betting on the outcome of a presidential election on Augur and the election is n't for six months , you do n't want to denominate that bet in ether . Most importantly , stablecoins allow decentralized exchanges ( an exchange without a trusted intermediary , where users always maintain full custody their own funds ) to denominate trading pairs in US dollars instead of bitcoin or ether . This makes crypto trading more accessible to the average person and puts high-profile hacks , like that of Mt . Gox and Bitfinex , behind us for good .
So how does the Maker system function ?
This is going to be the most challenging part of this tutorial . To understand how Maker creates the stability for the Dai token requires a bit of background about blockchains and specifically , ethereum . I 'll put some quick definitions next to some of the words you may not understand . If you do have this foreknowledge , that 's great and you 're going to love the elegance of the Maker system . Let 's begin :
Note : If you 're simply a consumer , you do not need to understand the following explanation outside of your own curiosity . If you just want to buy Dai , you 'll be able to trade it for dollars , won , bitcoin , ether , and other currencies on a variety of exchanges .
Dai ( Maker 's stablecoin ) is backed by collateral ( ether to be specific ) . Let 's say you 're an ether holder and you would like to create Dai . Your first move would be to send your ether to a “ collateralized debt position ” known in shorthand as a CDP . A CDP is a type of software that runs on the blockchain , in this case the ethereum blockchain , and lives within the Maker ecosystem . This software is called a smart contract , but do n't overthink that name too much .
STOP , you lost me !
If you understood everything above , skip this part . If you find yourself a bit confused , let 's break this down into smaller pieces and an analogy !
What is the basis of the Maker ecosystem ?
The entire Maker ecosystem is built on “ smart contracts ” like a CDP , the smart contract mentioned above . A blockchain lets you do things by yourself where you used to need a middleman . Much like the internet lets you share information without a middleman , blockchains let you share value without a middleman . Bitcoin was the first network to put this concept to use , its core premise being that you can send bitcoins from Point A to Point B without having to trust anyone but yourself . All trust is vested in the blockchain , which is n't controlled by anyone . Ethereum took this concept a step further and allows users to add instructions to these transfers.That 's how the smart contract was born . Now you can say : “ Send my ether from Point A to Point B on this date , at this time , and with these special instructions . ”
So , how does Maker use smart contracts to create a stablecoin ?
I knew a pile of money would get your attention…
The core smart contract at Maker is the CDP . Let 's use an analogy to describe these . Pretend you are at the bank asking for a home equity loan . You put up your house as collateral and they give you cash as a loan in return . If the value of your house decreases , they 're going to ask you to pay the loan back . If you ca n't pay the loan back , they 're going to take your house . To bring this back to Maker , just replace your house with ether , the bank with a smart contract , and the loan with Dai . That 's all there is to it . You give the Maker CDP smart contract your ether and it lets you take out a loan in Dai . If the value of your ether goes below a certain threshold , you either have to pay back the smart contract as you would a bank or it will auction off your ether to the highest bidder .
In summary , CDPs are simply where the collateral ( ether ) in the Maker system is held .
Once your ether is in the CDP smart contract , you are able to create Dai . The amount of Dai you can create is relative to how much ether you have put into the CDP . This ratio is fixed , but can be changed over time . The amount of Dai I can create relative to the ether I put in is called the collateralization ratio .
Let 's say ether is worth $ 100 right now and the collateralization ratio is 150 % . If I send 1 ether ( $ 100 ) into the CDP smart contract , then I am now able to create 66 Dai . This means that , at the current value of ether , each 100 Dai that I 've created is backed by 1.5 ether collateral . In the Maker system , you do n't lose your ether , but you also no longer control it . The ether that you sent to the CDP is stuck there until you pay back the 66 Dai ( this destroys the Dai ) . The following diagram helps to visualize how you can open and close a CDP . Try to follow along with “ your wallet ” as actions are performed above . This diagram is somewhat simplified . For instance , a CDP does n't really sit in your wallet . It also removes a couple steps that are necessary for the more advanced aspects of the system , but ultimately irrelevant to you as a Dai borrower .
Opening and closing a CDP while creating/destroying dai .
What about the stability of Dai ?
If the price of ether never fluctuated , it alone would ensure Dai 's stability ( and we would not need Dai in the first place ) . But the price of ether varies so we need to account for that .
By the way , if all you wanted to do was learn how to interact with the system , you can quit here !
What happens if the value of ether goes down ?
There 's not much need to address what happens when ether goes up.The system becomes more collateralized and Dai becomes stronger . That 's not to say that Dai ca n't become too strong , where there 's more demand for Dai than there is people willing to create it , but Maker has mechanisms that incentivize users to create more Dai if the price of Dai should trade above one dollar ( see below : Target Rate Feedback Mechanism ) .But if ether goes down , now that can cause problems . If the value of ether held as collateral is worth less than the amount of Dai it 's supposed to be backing , then Dai would not be worth one dollar and the system could collapse . Maker combats this by liquidating CDPs and auctioning off the ether inside before the value of the ether is less than the amount of Dai it is backing . Basically , if the price feed into the CDP indicates that the value of ether has gone below a certain threshold ( let 's use 125 % of created Dai ) , then the CDP is “ liquidated ” and the ether inside the CDP is auctioned off for Dai until there is enough Dai to pay back what was extracted from the CDP . Let 's go back to the diagram to see how this works . As before , I 've simplified some of the steps for the sake of understanding , there are some additional features in the system that prevent various edge-case attacks .
A CDP being liquidated due to insufficient collateral .
See ? Simple enough . The system liquidates your collateral and gives it away if you do n't return the Dai you 've borrowed to the CDP quickly enough . This ensures that Dai always has sufficient collateralization .
Plucking the black swan — What 's the MKR token ?
Behold , the most feared creature in finance .
If you 've been scrutinizing the system for flaws , it probably did n't take you long to find one . It 's the possibility of a dreaded “ black swan event. ” It would involve a situation where the price of ether crashes well below the one-to-one collateralization ratio in a time frame too short for the system to handle . Fortunately , Maker has a solution for situations like this : MKR , or makercoin . MKR is a token on the ethereum blockchain ( like the rest of the Maker ecosystem ) that has governance rights over the Maker smart contracts . For instance , the number used in the above examples ( the collateralization rate of CDPs ) is set by a vote of MKR holders . In return for regulating the system , MKR holders are rewarded with fees . There is , however , a catch to being a MKR holder . They function as the buyer of last resort . Should the collateral in the system not be enough to cover the amount of Dai in existence , MKR is created and sold onto the open market in order to raise the additional collateral . This provides a strong incentive for MKR holders to responsibly regulate the parameters at which CDPs can create Dai , as it will ultimately be their money on the line should the system fail , not holders of Dai . I could write a lot more about the mechanics and role of MKR , but that 's a subject for a different post .
A final protection — What 's Global Settlement ?
Despite being developed over the course of three years by some of the best developers in the blockchain space , enduring a rigorous byte-code level audit , and having a working developer-focused stablecoin ( Sai ) on the mainnet for several months without incident , we all know that nothing is perfect . To keep the system as secure as possible and prevent what can not be foreseen , the Maker team has added a process called global settlement . When global settlement is triggered , the entire system freezes and all holders of Dai and CDPs are returned the underlying collateral . So , if a global settlement is triggered and I hold 100 Dai , and one ether is worth $ 100 , I can exchange my 100 Dai directly for one ether right through a smart contract . The collateral held in CDPs will be similarly released to its owners . A global settlement can be triggered by a select group of trusted individuals who hold the global settlement keys . If these signatories see something going horribly wrong , they will enter their keys initiate the process of gracefully winding down the system . “ But does n't that make this….CENTRALIZED ? ! ”
No , it does n't . The only thing a global settlement can do is give you back your collateral . It ca n't steal your ether or Dai or interact with the system on your behalf . The worst case scenario in a global settlement is that you end up being exposed to the volatility of your collateral until the system is fixed or you can send it to an exchange .
Bonus feature : decentralized leverage ? !
The more savvy among you may have noticed an interesting consequence of the Dai creation process . Volatility can not be destroyed , it can only be transferred . If we have a stable token like Dai that has been stripped of its volatility , where did it go ? In the Maker system , volatility is transferred entirely to the holder of the CDP . Using our prior example , should I withdraw 66 Dai from a CDP containing one ether , I will only own that one ether if its price is above the liquidation ratio . Dai is effectively a loan on my ether .
This leads us to the interesting consequence : I can take the Dai that I borrowed and use it to buy more ether . By doing this , I am basically buying ether on margin . That 's right , completely decentralized leverage ! Now when you trade on a decentralized exchange that has integrated with Maker , you 'll be able to bet on the price of ether with 2x , 3x , or more funds than you actually have .
Conclusion
I call the Maker Dai stablecoin the first working consumer-grade stablecoin because it stands out from both its predecessors and competitors . It is going to be the first application , in a series of many , that brings blockchain technology to the masses . If you want to dive deeper , head over to https : //makerdao.com/ .
Edits : I 've altered and removed some sections to keep this article as introductory as possible . If you have additional questions you should reach out to the team at chat.makerdao.com
Xiaomi shook the tech world when it unveiled it almost bezel-less phone XIaomi Mi Mix . The Mi Mix comes with a massive 6.4″ screen with a footprint similar to that of the iPhone 7 Plus . Xiaomi was able to maintain a crazy 84 % to 91 % screen to body ratio . While Xiaomi did a great job in keeping the overall size of the phone smaller despite the big 6.4″ screen , the phone was still uncomfortable to hold for many users with smaller hands .
Much Mi Mix fans wished for a smaller screen version of the phone including me . Looks like our prayers has been answered , as today we spotted a few photos of what seems to be Xiaomi Mi Mix compared to a smaller 5.5″ version of the device . The leakster on Weibo claims the devices to be the original version of the Xiaomi Mi Mix and a smaller “ nano ” version of the phone . From what you can see in the pictures below , the smaller version of the phone looks quite smaller compared to the original Mi Mix . From what I can see in the picture below the phone should have a similar footprint as that of the Samsung Galaxy S7 while boosting a bigger 5.5″ screen i.e similar to Galaxy S7 Edge .
The leakster also reveals different specs of the phone including the screen size . As per the leak , the phone may come with 5.5″ inch screen and will be powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor . There will be 4GB RAM for fluent multitasking while the storage capacity is claimed to be 64GB . The leakster mentions the word “ Nano ” which we suppose will be the suffix with the name Xiaomi Mi Mix .
What do you think , unveiling a smaller version of the Mi Mix is a good idea ? should it have the same build as the original Mi Mix considering the poor performance of the ceramic build in the drop test ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Source
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan is preparing to acquire precision air-launched missiles that for the first time would give it the capability to strike North Korean missile sites , two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said .
Japan plans to put money aside in its next defense budget starting April to study whether its F-15 fighters could launch longer-range missiles including Lockheed Martin Corp 's extended-range Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile ( JASSM-ER ) , which can hit targets 1,000 km ( 620 miles ) away , said one the sources with knowledge of the plan .
“ There is a global trend for using longer range missiles and it is only natural that Japan would want to consider them , ” they said . The sources asked to remain anonymous as they were not authorized to talk to media .
Japan is also interested in buying the 500 km-range Joint Strike Missile designed by Norway 's Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace to be carried by the F-35 stealth fighter , Fuji Television reported earlier .
Neither of those two items are included in a 5.26 trillion yen ( $ 46.76 billion ) budget request already submitted by Japan 's Ministry of Defence , however additional funds would be made available to evaluate the purchase of these missiles , the sources said .
The change suggests that the growing threat posed by North Korean ballistic missiles has given proponents of a strike capability the upper hand in military planning .
Restrictions on strike weapons imposed by its war-renouncing constitution means Japan 's missile force is composed of anti-aircraft and anti-ship munitions with ranges of less than 300 kms ( 186 miles ) .
Any decision to buy longer range weapons capable of striking North Korea or even the Chinese mainland would therefore be controversial , but proponents argue that the strike weapons can play a defensive role .
“ We are not currently looking at funding for this , ” Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera said on Tuesday at a regular press briefing .
“ We rely on the United States to strike enemy bases and are not looking at making any changes to how we share our roles , ” they added .
Before they took up their post in August , Onodera led a group of ruling Liberal Democratic Party lawmakers that recommended Japan acquire strike weapons to deter Pyongyang from launching any attack on Japan .
North Korea has since fired ballistic missiles over Japan and last week tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile that climbed to an altitude of more than 4,000 km before splashing into the Sea of Japan within Japan 's exclusive economic zone .
If you could separate the person from the football that 'd be great . Ole Miss under Hugh Freeze beat Alabama twice in a row from 2014-2015 , something no other team did in the same span . The 2015 game in particular is a peak : It 's at Bryant-Denny , it involves Chad Kelly , and it involves Chad Kelly and freakish plays capable of infuriating Nick Saban at the mere thought of how they actually happened , and can never be taken back .
They took years off Nick Saban 's life . When they retire at 109 instead of 114 , say a silent thank you to Hugh Freeze for that .
They were fun , and not just for Ole Miss fans . They ran a glorified high school offense with spotty but occasionally brilliant passers . They wore the powder blue helmets and let wideouts like Laquon Treadwell run rampages through opposing defenses . Hugh Freeze recruited Robert Nkemdiche to Oxford , and then let the 6 ' 5 ” , 305 pound defensive tackle play snaps at running back .
They were fun for outsiders for other reasons . Ole Miss would beat Alabama in 2014 , and then eventually lose 30-0 to Arkansas later in the same season . They would outsprint Alabama again in 2015 , and then with all the momentum in the world lose 38-10 to Florida . They were what you want an eccentric , talented , and erratic cousin from Mississippi to be : No inheritance unblown , no comeback either large , and no plotline without a series of improbably but verified reversals .
It 's also perfect eccentric Mississippi cousin form to take out loan after loan , get those loans co-signed by your close associates , and then default on it grandiosely , possibly sinking your partners in the process . The administration backed Hugh Freeze at every turn in an NCAA investigation , answered almost every request they made for more funding , and publicly defended them against accusations of dirty recruiting .
In return , Freeze conducted embarrassing business on a company phone . It hurts to type because it is so obvious and straight from central casting . It really does , because everyone in this case will one day be portrayed sweating in a courthouse and covered in vaseline like it 's A Time To Kill . Still , every part of this is true : Hugh Freeze was accused of paying amateurs , but paying a professional is what ultimately destroyed their career .
And it gets worse . It does , the more you dig , and the more context you give it . There 's just cartoon in every direction , no end to the caricature . The AD in the case is a Twitter brawler who just got their otherwise outstanding credit rating nuked by vouching for their doomed football coach . The president of Ole Miss is the brother of David “ The Shitter ” Vitter—an irrelevant but still startling detail here , since apparently you ca n't have one sex scandal in the Magnolia Belt without having at least an indirect relation to another .
The reason we know all this in the first place : Their ex-coach , inaccurately blamed by Freeze for the NCAA case they were facing , got the phone records by public records request . Houston Nutt knew to do that because he 'd been torched by by a FOIA of their phone records ten years earlier at Arkansas . He 's working a defamation lawsuit against Ole Miss for Freeze 's allegations against him , and for everything else that happened after their firing . Somehow in all this , Houston Nutt just got Hugh Freeze fired , and evidently wanted Hugh Freeze fired , and really does n't stand to benefit from it beyond a simple but brutal piece of transactional revenge .
They just wanted blood , and they got it , and that 's probably all he 'll get until their suit gets settled .
In all this , that 's the most shocking thing . Not the extremely theatrical man of God being a philandering hypocrite , since that 's a storyline so tired it crosses over into reliable archetype . Not Ole Miss stepping facefirst into a tree shredder , since that 's the entire history of Ole Miss football . Not the administrative fallout from a coach being less than truthful and embarrassing the administration , since that 's happened like , every year for the entirety of college football 's history . Not even the churchy squeamishness about sex getting someone fired , because this is the South , and for some reason we 're fine with insane degrees of violence but turn into cowed peasants the minute someone points to the word “ Sex. ” *
* Reminder : You still need to sign a waiver-type thing to buy a dildo in Alabama .
The most shocking thing about it is that Houston Nutt just blew up a dude 's life for revenge . They had motive , sure , and Freeze had certainly set up enough debts they could not possibly pay off . No one can argue that , or that Freeze did not reel the entirety of their dick—literally in this case—out there to trip over in disastrous fashion .
It 's just not often you see someone actually pull the long arc of revenge off , and with such stunning speed and precision , and with such an obvious opening gifted to the avenger by the revenge-ee . Nutt might not even get anything out of it , either , and apparently that 's fine . Once , someone pointed out to the world that the Ewoks in Return of the Jedi never had a really clear reason for fighting the Empire . In the end , they just wanted to fight , and did n't really care about the payoff , and just wanted the brute act of revenge .
That 's the conclusion I 'm most shocked by here . Any leverage Nutt might have had by using Freeze 's philandering on a company phone evaporated the minute this went public . Someone just wanted a head , and they took one without even really thinking about the next step . It 's Friday , July 21st , and Houston Nutt 's a goddamn Ewok .
OTTAWA — So I wonder who the clown is here : the charismatic player who dances a little jig during a playoff pregame warm-up , or the suit in the general manager 's chair who trades 21-year-old Roberto Luongo in order to select Rick DiPietro first overall in the draft instead of Marian Gaborik or Dany Heatley ?
Hint : It is not P.K . Subban , the Spirit of 76 , who is one of the handful of charismatic players in the NHL worth the price of admission .
It has been a while since Mike Milbury , the party of the latter part who often can be seen with the floppy shoes and big , red nose on the set of the staid national crew that works NHL games for the NBC networks , has said anything , well , clownish enough to land in this space . Maybe when they defamed the Sedins a few years ago by calling the twins “ Thelma and Louise. ” Or maybe when they called the 2010 Russian Olympic Team “ Eurotrash . ”
But this on Friday — when Milbury castigated Subban apparently for not being dialed in enough during a warm-up moment preceding the Predators ' 3-2 , Game 2 home defeat to the Blues — is worth mention . Saying that Subban has “ been a clown in the past , and we 've seen them act like a clown ” is worthy of dishonorable mention . So too is the fact cohort Keith Jones also expressed their belief that the Nashville defenseman might need to be “ reeled in ” by coach Peter Laviolette .
This ca n't be a generational thing , because if it were , I would be on the other side of it . No , it is a more institutional thing that seems to run through hockey , if not the boardrooms of pro sports , and to the detriment of the fans who pay extraordinary prices to watch the games .
If even one of the customers in Nashville smiled at the sight of Subban doing a little dance with the puck while their teammates were going about the oh-so serious business of skating in circles , stretching or flipping shots at the goalie , then so much the better .
Yes , Ilya Kovalchuk is all but certain to return to the NHL next season , sources confirm , and when they do , it will be via a sign-and-trade out of New Jersey , which still owns their rights . We 're told to expect significant interest in Kovalchuk , who turned 34 this month , from teams that came up a goal-scorer or two shy of competing for the Cup .
A Devils reunion is not on the agenda .
Several well-connected sources report Tampa Bay will use Jonathan Drouin as the bait to attract a top-four defenseman , with Anaheim shaping up as the most likely trade partner .
And over a summer in which at least a half-dozen top-end clubs will be seeking a top-four , Drouin 's availability likely gives the Lightning the pick of the crop .
The Sabres are thinking young and progressively in interviewing Pittsburgh assistant general manager Billy Guerin and in asking for permission ( which was denied ) to chat with former Sabres and current Rangers assistant GM Chris Drury regarding the vacancy in Buffalo , but I am curious when St. Louis assistant GM Martin Brodeur 's name is going to start entering the mix ?
The idiotic playoff format , in which the teams with the two best records in the NHL ( Capitals , Penguins ) are meeting in the second round , exists for the same reason as does the offside challenge in It 's all but universally derided form .
That is because Gary Bettman is in favor of it .
If I were a betting man , I would say there is a pretty good chance that Carolina GM Ron Francis had a decent idea they would be able to sign Scott Darling before sending a third-rounder to Chicago for the rights to the impending free-agent goaltender .
Is there any good reason that baseball managers can post the batting order three hours before game time and name the probable starting pitchers for a full series in advance for any series — whether regular season , playoffs or the World Series — but hockey coaches wo n't tell you the lineup two hours prior to a postseason game ?
If Ottawa , with its thousands of empty seats for Game 1 of Round 2 against the Rangers , were a non-traditional hockey market within the U.S. , cries around Canada would be deafening to move the franchise to , say , Quebec .
Finally , if the Rangers and Henrik Lundqvist wind up facing the Oilers and Cam Talbot in the Stanley Cup finals , can we just award the Conn Smythe to Benoit Allaire before the series begins ?
Duterte asks for mayors ' help in drug war
President Rodrigo Duterte . NPPA
President Rodrigo Duterte asked for town and city mayors ' help in the government 's campaign against illegal drugs during their meeting in Malacañang on Wednesday , Bacoor City Mayor Lani Mercado Revilla said Thursday .
`` Ni-reiterate niya ang tulong na gustong hingin sa mga mayor sa kanyang laban sa ipinagbabawal na gamot . They want us to assist him , '' Revilla said on Thursday .
( He reiterated their plea to mayors to help their campaign against illegal drugs . )
Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said it was the President 's prerogative to make the meeting private .
They added that the meeting was not a `` confrontation '' and likened it to a `` father talking to their children . ''
Daanbantayan , Cebu Mayor Vicente Loot , meanwhile , belied reports that Duterte threatened to kill the mayors during the meeting . They said Duterte warned them instead against having links with drug lords .
“ [ Sabi niya , ] kung may mayor na makasama sa isang drug lord na being operated upon by the police o authorities , they will suffer the same fate as that of the drug lord na tinatrabaho , ” Loot said in a phone interview on ANC 's “ Top Story . ”
( If there is a mayor who will be linked to a drug lord who is the subject of an operation by police or authorities , they will suffer the same fate as that of the drug lord who is the subject of an operation . )
Loot , a retired police officer , was earlier tagged by Duterte and self-confessed drug lord Kerwin Espinosa in the illegal drug trade .
Loot said Duterte had a good mood during their meeting , which happened in batches based on regions .
“ Sabi nga niya , ‘ I want to talk to you not as a president but as a mayor talking to another mayor , ' and for me , there was nothing really significant or threatening against the mayors , ” Loot said .
Loot added that Duterte asked the mayors to check their `` narco list '' with the Department of Interior and Local Government to see the magnitude of the illegal drug problem .
Duterte also told mayors who want to discuss the problem on illegal drugs with them to schedule a meeting with the presidential staff , an invitation which Loot said they immediately took .
Loot said , after the meeting , they immediately asked Presidential Assistant Bong Go for a meeting with Duterte so they can clarify the allegations against him . -- reports from Carolyn Bonquin and Willard Cheng , ABS-CBN News
The working class responds to Hurricane Harvey
31 August 2017
The official preparation for and response to Hurricane Harvey have been characterized by a stunning level of incompetence and indifference , from the lack of a coordinated evacuation and emergency housing plan , to the completely ad-hoc character of rescue operations . As Houston and other parts of Texas drown and the death toll mounts , various government officials , from the White House on down , have spent much of the past several days patting themselves on the back . “ You have been terrific , ” Trump told the governor , the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other officials in Texas on Tuesday , hoping that no one would notice what was happening around him .
The flooding , however , has produced an overwhelming response from workers in Texas and throughout the region , who have rushed to volunteer for rescue operations , using their own equipment and receiving nothing in return .
The New York Times , which generally refers to the working class only to disparage it , wrote on Wednesday that “ the response to one of the worst disasters in decades has been , in many ways , improvised. ” The article continued : “ Recreational vehicles—airboats , Jet Skis , motorized fishing boats—have rushed to the aid of people trapped in their homes , steered by welders , roofers , mechanics and fishermen wearing shorts , headlamps and ponchos . The working class , in large part , is being saved by the working class . ”
Perhaps thousands have participated in these efforts to save those stranded in their homes , often traveling great distances . Many of these rescues have been coordinated by means of an online map , houstonharveyrescue.com , put together early this week by a local software developer . Individuals and families needing assistance are able to register on the site . Thousands have done so in the first few days of its operation , and the site reports as of Wednesday night that nearly 5,000 have been “ marked safe . ”
A report in Quartz notes that “ The army of rescuers , who can also register on the site , can then easily spot the neediest cases . A team of 100 phone dispatchers follows up with those wanting to be rescued , and can send mass text messages with important information . An algorithm weeds out any repeats . ”
The response of workers raises broader issues . Hurricane Harvey , like Hurricane Katrina and many other disasters in the US and internationally , has exposed the class reality that the media and the political establishment attempt to cover up . As always , it is the working class and poor , of all races and ethnicities , that are the hardest hit . It is they who are either without insurance or face insurance companies that refuse to cover damages . It is they who will see the media and ruling class politicians depart as the flood waters recede and the major industries resume operations .
No small part of the reaction of the media and political establishment to the disaster is motivated by fear that it will spark social unrest , serving as kindling for a conflagration arising from the immense contradictions of American society .
At the same time , the response of workers to the hurricane expresses a basic class consciousness and solidarity that the ruling class works so hard to undermine . Contrary to the claims—promoted in particular by the Democratic Party—that American society is riven by racial hatred , the emergency operations have involved white , black and Hispanic workers on both sides—in the boats and in the stranded houses .
The response makes a powerful case for independent workers ' organizations and workers ' control , not only of the basic industries and means of production , but of all essential resources and services . Workers have a much greater understanding of what needs to be done than those who currently determine government policy—the corporate and financial aristocracy and beyond it the top 5 or 10 percent of the population .
If workers had been involved in decisions over how to allocate resources , the level of preparation for the hurricane itself would have been far more advanced . Trillions of dollars would be allocated not to bailing out Wall Street and financing the American military machine , but to building social infrastructure . The flooding , after all , was neither unforeseeable nor unforeseen—it was just not planned for .
The destruction of the fourth largest city in the United States is one expression of a general phenomenon . In a million different ways , the basic requirements of a modern mass society—preparation for natural disasters , the distribution of food , the development of health care and education systems , not to speak of ensuring a livable income for all of humanity—come into conflict with the subordination of society to the dictates of profit . The domination of the stock markets ensures that all is sacrificed to the quarterly corporate figures .
The case for socialism—and inextricably bound up with this , economic planning—is made not by utopian dreams , but by the concrete demands of social development .
In every aspect of social life , the working class must take matters into its own hands , through the organization of workers ' committees in factories , workplaces and neighborhoods to assume control over the production and distribution of resources . These organizations must begin with the needs of the working class and be democratically controlled by the working class . They must take ever greater responsibility for unifying workers and organizing their common struggles against the capitalist class and its political representatives .
The establishment of genuine democratic control over production and economic organization is the necessary basis for the development of a rational plan to replace the anarchy of the market and ensure that all decisions are based on social need .
Joseph Kishore
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Critics say the money would have been better spent getting the next day 's forecast right
But critics say the money would have been better spent getting the next day 's forecast right .
John Hirst said taxpayers would be well served by the massive computer because it would ensure Britain leads the world in climate science .
They said £20.7million was invested in the project last year alone , taxpayers ' money “ which will enable the Met Office to deliver more accurate forecasts , from hours to a century ahead ” . Mr Hirst said this referred to climate change predictions .
A Met Office forecast issued last Thursday for yesterday predicted hours of sunshine in central London . But there was hardly any , with rain clouds covering the capital for much of the day .
Mr Hirst 's claim was made in the Met Office 's annual report for 2011-12 , which reveals they were paid £215,000 , including a £45,000 bonus .
Charisse Trotter , who lives in a women 's shelter in San Francisco , tours a prototype MicroPad outside the offices of Panoramic Interests in November 2016 . Melia Robinson/Business Insider
As many as 1,200 people are living on the streets of Berkeley , California , and the city has long been out of beds for them .
Panoramic Interests , a San Francisco real-estate developer , wants to help end the street-living epidemic by converting shipping-container-like modules into new micro-apartments where homeless people can live .
The developer envisions a 100-unit residence that looks like a traditional apartment building , inside and out . It 's made up of 160-square-foot , move-in-ready containers called MicroPads that are stacked on top of one another .
In February , the Berkeley City Council passed an initiative to install 100 micro-units on city-owned land that would serve as housing for seniors , people with disabilities , and Berkeley natives who have lost their homes . The city has yet to select a developer or design , but Panoramic Interests wants in .
The MicroPad is 8 feet wide and 20 feet deep . Melia Robinson/Business Insider
Business Insider toured a prototype MicroPad in 2016 . The module was small , but it contained all the necessities .
The kitchen includes a food-prep area , fridge , stovetop , and microwave oven . A storage bed and an armoire provide plenty of space for stashing belongings during the day , while the desk has shelves for personal goods .
The MicroPad arrives in the Port of Oakland nearly ready for move-in . Panoramic Interests
The Bay Area is home to dozens of shelters , but most of them lack private bathrooms .
Patrick Kennedy , the owner of Panoramic Interests , told Business Insider that the close quarters in the average homeless shelter create tension among residents . The micro-apartments , in contrast , may prevent conflict by offering a modicum of privacy , including private bathrooms .
Private bathrooms are a luxury most shelters can not afford . Melia Robinson/Business Insider
Kennedy says the apartments are n't actual shipping containers , though they arrive in the Port of Oakland atop a container ship . The MicroPads are taller , include steel reinforcements around the openings , and have a sealing that prevents pests and water from getting in .
Berkeley City Council member Ben Bartlett , who submitted the Step Up Housing Initiative , tells Business Insider they see micro-unit development as a potential billion-dollar business .
There are an estimated 118,142 people experiencing homelessness in California , according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development , and many more low-income residents in need of affordable housing . At their best , micro-units provide a safe , clean space for those people to live and reclaim their dignity , Bartlett says .
They hope to see more developers like Panoramic Interests step in front of the housing crisis with innovative solutions like the MicroPAD .
`` We are intent upon triggering innovative construction and financing models . This is a call for genius , '' Bartlett says .
Timothy McDonald reported this story on Thursday , June 9 , 2011 18:50:00
BRENDAN TREMBATH : It 's an online currency that 's not backed by any central bank or government .
The creators of Bitcoin say it 's safe though because it does n't require the disclosure of sensitive financial information .
But critics say the anonymity that comes with Bitcoins is allowing people to get away with buying illegal drugs online .
Timothy McDonald reports .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : The people behind the Bitcoin project speak of it in almost poetic terms .
Gavin Andresen is the lead developer .
GAVIN ADRESEN : Bitcoin is really pure money . It 's a store of value and a means of exchange and that 's all it is . It 's almost a plutonic ideal of what money is , in that there is nothing backing it beyond the fact that it 's useful as money . So its value is determined by whatever somebody will pay you for it .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : It 's possible to buy Bitcoins on a number of exchanges , and it 's also possible to generate them on a computer .
The latter option can be tricky .
To make Bitcoins , users download a program that requires their computer to solve a problem before it generates a new Bitcoin .
As more Bitcoins are created , the problem gets increasingly difficult .
Gavin Andresen says at one point , an average desktop computer could generate ten within an hour , but it 's much more difficult now .
GAVIN ANDRESEN : I checked today and I believe it 's 500,000 times harder .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : They say the process is aimed at ensuring that Bitcoins are generated in a predictable fashion , and that they do n't suddenly lose their value .
The process has given rise to a cottage industry in what 's known as Bitcoin mining .
GAVIN ANDRESEN : There are people who ( laughs ) fill up their housing with what are called Bitcoin mining rigs , so these computers with a specialised graphics cards in them , use up loads of electricity to generate Bitcoins profitably .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : At the moment there are n't many vendors who accept Bitcoins , and much of the interest so far has come from speculators .
But Gavin Andresen says an increasing number of companies are willing to accept the currency , and he 's confident that more will see the advantages .
They say the recent theft of data from Sony shows why added anonymity is desirable in an online environment .
GAVIN ANDRESEN : Having a third party that knows a lot about you and especially knows about your financial details , that 's a huge risk , not only for us consumers but also for the companies . And so I see Bitcoins as a much better way of making those transactions because if Sony had been taking Bitcoin payments , Sony right now would n't be worried about hackers stealing money from users ' bank accounts .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : Of course , added anonymity can have other effects as well .
One place Bitcoins are accepted is on a website called the Silk Road , which is a market that allows the trade of illegal drugs .
Users need anonymising software to access the site , they pay in Bitcoins , and the drugs are sent through the mail to their homes .
The site has drawn the ire of a number of US Senator Chuck Schumer and Joe Manchin who have written to the Attorney General , asking for it to be shut down .
They did n't go so far as to ask for Bitcoins to be shutdown , but in a recent news conference , Chuck Schumer made their reservations about the currency very clear .
CHUCK SCHUMER : Using real money users purchase these Bitcoins , which can be traded at roughly $ 9 to one Bitcoin and use them as proxy for real money when they buy things on Silk Road . It 's an online form of money laundering used to disguise the source of the money and disguise who 's both selling and buying the drug .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : Gavin Andresen says drug dealers were able to ply their trade long before Bitcoins came along .
And what 's more , they warn that Bitcoins may not be as anonymous as some people seem to think .
GAVIN ANDRESEN : It 's actually pretty hard to be completely untraceable , because every time you make a Bitcoin transaction , the transaction itself is broadcast over the network . The only person who knows who is doing the transaction are the people involved in the transaction .
But every time you make a transaction you are leaking a little bit of information about your identity potentially because the person on the other end of the transaction probably knows who you are .
TIMOTHY MCDONALD : They admit Bitcoin speculators do risk the possibility that governments may step in at some point an attempt to shut down the project .
But they say that would be an over-reaction , and the disadvantages of Bitcoins need to be weighed against its clear benefits .
BRENDAN TREMBATH : Timothy McDonald .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A SMOKER who sparked a bomb alert on a bus with their E-cigarette has told how fellow passengers treated them suspiciously because they are dark skinned .
Scot Chris Barron is half-Mexican , and they think fellow passengers called police fearing they were a terrorist because they have a beard and slightly dark skin .
Despite the fact they never even puffed the device , fellow passengers on the x77 bus from Glasgow to Ayr believed Chris was about to detonate a bomb .
After the driver halted the bus on the M77 , police moved to shut down the motorway on Friday night for an hour .
Last night Chris , who is a singer with a local rock band , said : “ I realise we are living in a sensitive world but if someone had asked what I was doing with the E-cigarette we could have avoided this massive drama .
“ I was re-wicking the device and I had opened the bottle containing vanilla flavour . I was n't going to puff it . I had my earphones in and I could hear a woman saying they felt unwell and that there was a strange smell .
“ I was wondering if they might be talking to me but nobody said anything . The driver asked us all to get off the bus near Newton Mearns and we stood in the freezing cold and rain for at least 45 minutes while the police came and investigated .
“ I had left my bag on the bus and police were asking what was in it . I eventually showed the vape and they were very apologetic . They said they had to err on the side of caution .
They laughed and shook their heads . Told me I had n't done anything wrong so not to worry about it and apologised . Took my name and told everybody to get back on the bus .
“ I 'll say for the record these officers were sound about the whole thing so kudos to them . ”
Bearded Chris , 25 , is half Scottish , half Mexican and they fear fellow passenger panicked because of their appearance and the fact they had a backpack with him .
The musician , who plays bass and sings in ska/punk band The Hostiles , said : “ I do n't think I look much like a terrorist but somebody must have thought otherwise . ”
Passenger Calum McGregor , who raised the alarm , and asked the driver to stop , insisted their suspicions were justified .
They said : “ My partner and I became aware of a passenger behaving suspiciously with a device in their lap .
“ I got up under the pretence of looking for the toilet and saw they appeared to be attaching pipe-cleaner wire to a large oblong battery .
“ I alerted the driver of a possible bomb on board and asked them to quietly pull over and call the police .
“ It turned out that the passenger had been cleaning out a large E-cigarette device with no thought to what that looked like to others on the bus - resulting in a lot of concern and fear , passengers stuck outside for 40 mins off the motorway with no shelter in a storm , motorway closure and police time wasted . ”
Police confirmed they had responded to reports of a man “ acting suspiciously ” and confirmed it was a false alarm “ in good faith ” .
Story highlights A dozen deaths are blamed on the weather across several states
Nearly 200 flights canceled Monday at Dallas-Fort Worth airport
Sleet and freezing rain will cover parts of the southern Plains and Rockies
The storm will make a turn toward the Northeast this week
Wicked wintry weather that pummeled the West Coast is now barreling across the country , threatening to wreck millions of holiday travel plans just before Thanksgiving .
Scores of car crashes and 12 fatalities are blamed on the storm .
Nearly 200 flights out of Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport were canceled Monday , in addition to the nearly 300 canceled Sunday .
Parts of Lubbock , known for its warmth and flatness , turned into a snowboarding park as several inches of snow covered the western Texas city .
Sleet and freezing rain is possible beginning Tuesday from the southern Appalachians to parts of northern New England .
And by midweek , the storm will start zeroing in on the Northeast , the National Weather Service said . And that could spell more travel nightmares .
JUST WATCHED Bad weather may waylay holiday travelers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bad weather may waylay holiday travelers 03:17
JUST WATCHED Wild weather out West Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Wild weather out West 00:45
JUST WATCHED Holiday travel plans threatened Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Holiday travel plans threatened 01:25
JUST WATCHED Holiday travel delays Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Holiday travel delays 01:56
How cold is cold ?
An Arctic air mass will probably keep temperatures 15 to 20 degrees below normal along the East Coast through Thursday . But even if the system fails to deliver heavy snow , fierce winds could still hamper air travel , forecasters said .
Airlines flying in and out of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport `` pre-canceled about 300 departures to reduce the number of stranded travelers '' Sunday in anticipation of the harsh weather , the airport 's official Twitter account said . And 10 % of flights at Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport were also canceled because of the weather Sunday .
Then there 's the ice . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers called it `` probably the biggest problem for this storm . ''
Massive rainfall , too
The storm appeared to stall after it came over the Rocky Mountains , Myers said , but it is expected to pick up moisture from the Gulf and drop heavy rain as it runs up the East Coast . Heavy rain is expected to fall from Georgia on Monday night and over the Carolinas , with some sleet and snow mixed in for northern parts of that swath . The heaviest rain is expected across parts of Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Florida and South Carolina .
By Tuesday , the rain will reach the mid-Atlantic states and parts of the Northeast . And that could turn into freezing rain in the southern and central Appalachians .
Deadly road conditions
Five people have died in weather-related crashes in Texas , the Texas Highway Patrol said Monday . Sgt . Chris Ray said half of their deputies handled 71 accidents over the weekend , and that number will rise when the other deputies report accident totals . The central Texas Panhandle seemed to be the hardest hit , they said .
Three of those killed in Texas were in a pileup on icy Interstate 40 in northwest Texas late Friday , Ray said . One of them was a man who got out of their car to help , and got struck . And at least 20 people were hospitalized from collisions within three miles of the fatal pileup , the Oldham County Sheriff 's office said .
Four people have died in Oklahoma since Friday , Betsy Randolph of the state 's Department of Public Safety said . In each case , the driver was going too fast for conditions , they said . Randolph said only one of those killed was wearing a seat belt .
Two people died in New Mexico in dangerous road conditions . A 4-year-old girl who was not properly restrained was killed Friday when the car they were riding in slid off icy U.S. Highway 70 , the state 's Department of Public Safety said . On Saturday , a woman in their 50s died when the pickup that they were riding in rear-ended a semi-truck in heavy traffic near Gallup , New Mexico , state police said .
In Arkansas , authorities investigated 18 crashes in a two-mile section of Interstate 540 Monday morning , according to Lance King , troop commander for state police . The largest was a three-car pileup . Three people were transported from the scene , and there were no fatalities , they said .
In Yuba County , California , a 52-year-old died when a tree fell on top of a vehicle Thursday , the county sheriff 's office said .
When will this storm end ?
By Thanksgiving Day , the storm will be giving the Northeast a layer of snow .
But much of the country will enjoy calm Thanksgiving weather -- even if it 's a little more frigid than usual .
A new report suggests the federal government 's offer on health funding to the provinces does n't provide enough cash to help them keep up services in the coming years .
The study , to be released Monday by a University of Ottawa think tank , follows months of bitter federal-provincial talks over health funding .
On one side , the Trudeau government says it has put forward a `` historic '' offer with the potential to transform health care in Canada .
On the other side , five provinces — representing more than 90 per cent of the country 's population — argue the federal offer is inadequate and threatens their ability to maintain health services at current levels .
The analysis Monday by the Institute of Fiscal Studies and Democracy , which explores health-spending numbers and projections for Ontario , agrees that the federal offer falls short for all provinces .
Spending short of projections
The report estimates the federal offer amounts to average annual funding increases of about 3.7 per cent over the next decade .
In comparison , it predicts Ontario 's health-care costs to rise by an average of 5.1 per cent annually between 2016 and 2018 , due to factors such as the aging population . Beyond 2018 , it expects the province 's health expenditures to expand between 4.5 and five per cent average per year .
The report considers Ontario as a conservative case-study choice because , as the most-populous province , its per-capita health costs are among the lowest in the country .
`` Regardless of the forecasts used , the health-care cost drivers are very real , '' reads the report by Randall Bartlett , chief economist at the institute , which is directed by former parliamentary budget officer Kevin Page .
The annual growth in federal health funding transfers is set to drop in April to three per cent per year — down from the six per cent increase in place for over a decade .
Federal offer rejected
Face-to-face negotiations toward establishing a new national funding framework collapsed in late December when health and finance ministers from across the federation rejected the federal offer at a meeting in Ottawa .
At the time , the provinces declared the federal proposal — to increase transfers by 3.5 per cent per year and $ 11.5 billion for the targeted areas of home care and mental health over 10 years — simply was n't enough .
Since then , however , federal Health Minister Jane Philpott has reached bilateral deals with New Brunswick , Newfoundland and Labrador , Nova Scotia , Yukon , Northwest Territories , Nunavut , Saskatchewan and Prince Edward Island .
The remaining five provinces — Ontario , Quebec , British Columbia , Alberta and Manitoba — have made repeated calls for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to meet face to face with the premiers to resume negotiations .
These provinces have called for an annual increase in federal health dollars of 5.2 per cent , a number they based on research by the parliamentary budget office and The Conference Board of Canada .
Transforming the system
Philpott has said they wanted to transform the system , describing the country 's health-care outcomes as average compared to similar countries even though Canadians pay some of the highest per-capita costs in the world .
Ottawa has suggested the provinces , which are responsible for health-care delivery under the Constitution , of channelling federal transfers into their general revenues .
Data released in December by the Canadian Institute for Health Information said health spending by all the provinces combined grew by less than three per cent annually between 2012-13 and 2014-15 .
The organization also forecasted the provinces only increased total health spending by about 2.3 per cent in 2015-16 and again in 2016-17 .
Health spending fluctuations
Monday 's report found the growth in health-care spending has varied considerably for Ontario and at the national level . Periods of restraint have been followed by periods of investment , it said .
While provinces and territories have contained their health costs considerably in recent years , the report said a notable portion of the savings came from delayed investments by governments .
`` This is a recipe for increased expenditures in the future and is not sustainable over the long term , '' said the report , which recommended the provinces and Ottawa return to the bargaining table .
In the same episode that Bill Maher attacked Republicans as mentally retarded and compared them to Nazis , they insisted that this election will be a “ referendum on decency. ” In a live , post-Republican National Convention edition of HBO 's Real Time , Maher on Thursday lamented , “ This whole election to me is a referendum on decency . Just fundamental decency . I mean , the hatred we have heard [ about Hillary Clinton ] . ”
They whined , “ People talking about how Hillary should be treated as a traitor . It 's like the best thing that could happen to them is a painless death . What they should really do is , you know , tear their fingernails out and then shoot her . ”
Yet , on the same episode , Maher joked about “ short bus ” Republicans and the rise of “ another Nazi Germany ” in America . ( According to Urban Dictionary , “ short bus ” refers to a vehicle that is “ commonly used to transport students with physical or mental handicaps . ” )
Here 's Maher 's joke :
BILL MAHER : So all I have to say is after this embarrassing third-world cat fight that we just saw , this noxious gathering of short bus lynch mob people , are you Bernie people voting for Hillary now ? [ Applause . ] Thank you , thank you . I have to say , this convention did answer a few important questions for the American people like could another Nazi Germany happen here ? And whatever happened to Scott Baio ? These are the questions people are asking .
In 2013 , Maher mocked Sarah Palin 's son Trig as `` retarded . '' Yet , he 's going to define `` decency ? '' On Wednesday , the comic again linked the GOP to Nazis and slimed “ Uncle Tom ” black Republicans .
Transcripts of the two jokes can be found below :
A Danville man who apparently mistook a cop car for a taxi cab has pleaded no contest to a drug charge .
On Oct. 17 , Ongley Raymond Ocon III , 19 , of Danville went to a party in San Carlos and needed a ride home , said Steve Wagstaffe , San Mateo County 's chief deputy district attorney .
So they went looking for what they apparently believed was a cab and ended up pressing their face against the window of a Redwood City police car with Officer Carmine Galotta Jr. sitting inside .
Galotta asked Ocon if they needed anything , and Ocon responded “ that they needed a ride , ” the prosecutor said . Galotta asked Ocon if they had anything illegal on him , and they said , “ Yes , ” but then paused and said , “ No , ” Wagstaffe said .
The officer got out of their car and asked Ocon for permission to search him , and Ocon agreed , the prosecutor said . Galotta found a twist of cocaine in Ocon 's pocket and arrested them on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance .
On Wednesday , Superior Court Judge Lisa Novak accepted Ocon 's no-contest plea and ordered them to undergo counseling for 18 months and to abstain from drugs .
Lab-grown meat is not new , but the technology is moving along at a rapid pace . This week , Memphis Meats — one of two major technology companies that have created burger patties out of stem cells — hatched a plan to create lab-grown chicken and duck .
At a tasting , which took place yesterday , Memphis Meats served lab-grown chicken strips that were battered and fried , as well as lab-grown duck a l'orange . Early tasters of the product swear it tastes just like chicken , according to a Wall Street Journal report .
It tastes like chicken .
So how is this chicken made ? Memphis Meats ' in-house senior scientist Eric Schulze explained the process to Eater in broad strokes . “ We start by harvesting sells from high-quality , living chickens that might otherwise go into conventional meat , ” they say . “ The chickens are not killed in the process . We look for cells that have potential to renew , put them in environment where they can grow and feed them water and nutrients — vitamins , minerals , proteins , sugars — and let them grow. ” It takes between four and six weeks for harvested cells to grow into a fleshed-out chicken tender . That 's comparable to the amount of time a chick takes to reach adulthood in today 's modern poultry industry .
Back in 2015 , the San Francisco Bay Area-based company crowdfunded its mission to grow “ clean meat. ” Since then , it 's introduced a lab-grown meatball and plans to grow Thanksgiving turkey in a lab . The company has raised a total of $ 3 million , and plans to continue conversations with investors in the coming months . If all goes according to plan , Memphis Meats ' lab-grown poultry and beef will be available in supermarkets by 2021 .
Both Memphis Meats and Mosa Meat — which is based in the Netherlands and counts Google co-founder Sergey Brin among its investors — have produced lab-grown burger-like meat patties from bovine cells . Memphis says they are the first to grow poultry cells in a lab .
The technology company notes in a release that chicken is the most popular protein in the U.S. ; each American eats an average of 90 pounds per person per year . Given the costs ( feed , breeding , and slaughter ) , environmental effects , ethical concerns , and nutritional impact ( chiefly , antibiotic use ) of poultry production , lab-grown meat certainly sounds like a novel solution .
If only it were that easy . Cost is a potential pitfall : The most recent reports say Mosa Meat 's lab-grown beef products would cost under $ 12 per patty , significantly down from a 2013 estimate of $ 325,000 per burger . Memphis Meats ' chicken is a long way off from that : The company estimates the cost of one pound of lab-grown chicken meat to be about $ 9,000 . “ We feel our challenges [ related to price ] are similar to those of other technology products , ” Steve Myrick , Memphis Meats ' VP of business development says . “ By reducing input costs and doing it on a much larger scale we 'll be able to get our prices down. ” As a point of comparison , Americans currently pay about $ 3.22 per pound for boneless skinless chicken breasts .
Assuming consumers will be willing to pay a bit of a premium for environmentally-friendly , Silicon Valley-approved chicken , there are other concerns , including the psychological hump American diners might need to overcome before they 're comfortable eating lab-grown meat . “ We 've found that our testers become big advocates pretty quickly , ” Myrick says . “ We feel that for most consumers , once they learn about conventional meat processing , it will become a relatively understandable and compelling offering for them . ”
Another challenge that Memphis Meats may face — but did n't want to comment on directly — is any potential USDA or FDA approval or regulation for a product that has never before been available to consumers . Schulze did say the company believes the country 's “ current regulatory system is more than adequate for products such as [ Memphis Meats ] , ” and that they “ welcome any regulatory pathway that helps foster approval to sending this to market . ”
• Why Do People Want Veggie Burgers That Bleed ? [ E ]
• Lab-Grown Turkey Could Be Coming to a Thanksgiving Table Near You [ E ]
Thank you for your continuing coverage of police-community relations ( `` After Freddie Gray , '' Aug. 7 ) . Violence between police and community members has many causes , including racism , but one of the most insidious is the futile and counter-productive War on Drugs . It was racist in conception back in the 1970s when the term was coined by the Nixon administration . It continues to cause many tens of thousands of tension-filled police-community encounters — including the one that led to Freddie Gray 's death — every day in our nation with little discernible benefit .
Baltimore Mayor Kurt Schmoke warned us of this many years ago , but we continue to spend precious dollars — more than $ 1.5 trillion cumulatively — and waste precious lives with this failed strategy .
The city can not end the War on Drugs by itself , but it can reform police practices and work in Annapolis for substantial reforms . More importantly , the people of our nation must come together to seek peace in our streets and must forge that peace with our legislators using our inalienable rights to speak , assemble and petition . Many things need to be changed , but some combination of legalizing and medicalizing the drug problem is one of the most important . There are better ways to treat substance abuse . State and federal legislators need to study those ways and develop the courage to act .
Charlie Cooper , Baltimore
Image caption Matthew Hoffman , 30 , is being held on a kidnapping charge
Three people whose bodies were found in a hollow tree trunk in the US state of Ohio were stabbed to death before they were dismembered , a coroner has said .
Tina Herrmann , son Kody Maynard and their friend Stephanie Sprang were stabbed several times in the back and chest .
The bodies were later cut up , placed inside rubbish bags and lowered into the hollow of a large tree in a wildlife reserve , the coroner said .
The only suspect in the killings is being held on a kidnapping charge .
They are Matthew Hoffman , an unemployed tree surgeon and ex-convict .
The victims died sometime on 11 November and there were no signs of sexual assault , the coroner added .
Mr Hoffman gave information through their lawyers which led officers to the bodies , which were found on 18 November .
They were arrested after Tina Herrmann 's daughter , Sarah Maynard , 13 , was found bound and gagged in their basement on Sunday , and they are now being held on kidnapping charges .
They were reported missing on 10 November , along with Tina Herrmann , 32 , their brother , Kody Maynard , 11 , and Stephanie Sprang , 41 .
Mr Hoffman , who served time in prison in the state of Colorado for arson and other charges , has not yet entered a plea to the kidnapping charge .
Getty Images
J'Marcus Webb is likely to get their second straight start at right guard for Seattle in place of first-round pick Germain Ifedi .
Webb started in place of an injured Ifedi last week for Seattle 's season opener against the Miami Dolphins . After struggling against Ndamukong Suh last week , Webb will be tasked with trying to block Aaron Donald in the Los Angeles Rams home opener .
“ Still learning how to do it , which is a big improvement from last week , ” offensive line coach Tom Cable said of Webb . “ Had some struggles but I think he 's better this week for sure . ”
Ifedi had been the starting option at right guard from the moment they were drafted . Along with center Justin Britt and left guard Mark Glowinski , Seattle 's interior three linemen played strong throughout the preseason . Ifedi 's ankle injury in practice stunted that progress . While they have n't been ruled out , head coach Pete Carroll admitted it 's unlikely he 'll be back in time for the Rams .
“ It 's going to be a challenge for them to make it back this week , ” Carroll said . “ I do n't think he 's canceled it out yet , but we 'll see what happens . ”
Ifedi did not participate in the team 's practice on Wednesday .
RNC aims at Obama 's elite education
Even as Barack Obama takes eight days off from the campaign trail to vacation in Hawaii , where they lived for much of their youth , the Republican National Committee is again attempting to paint the Democrat as an out-of-touch elitist , this time in a mock “ Barack Obama 's Hawaii Travel Guide ” tweaking the Democrat for having attended an elite prep school there .
“ Barack Obama 's Hawaii Travel Guide , ” e-mailed to reporters on Friday , lists four `` destinations , '' among them the beach locals claim is the one where Obama was photographed in their swim trunks in a shot that ran in People magazine early last year , and `` Punahou School , a coeducational college preparatory day school '' that Obama attended `` from 1971 to 1979 . The school campus covers 76 acres at the edge of the Manoa Valley . ''
Story Continued Below
Obama , raised by a singe mother , entered the prestigious school at age ten on a scholarship . “ No one means to demean the academic successes of Barack Obama or the schools they attended , ” said McCain spokesperson Tucker Bounds . “ The RNC and this campaign have sought to simply point out that on their Hawaii travels , there are certain landmarks reporters will likely see and this was a way to put those on the map . ”
Obama 's elite schooling may prove a risky topic for McCain , who attended St. Stephen 's , an exclusive school in Alexandria , Va. , and then Episcopal High , a private boarding school in the same city , in the 1950s . The son and grandson of Navy admirals , they ended up at the Naval Academy , where , as they often remind voters , they finished near the bottom of their graduating class .
“ While John McCain went to private school , they also went to public university , ” said Bounds . “ The Naval Academy is as public gets , ” they added , noting that a four-year military commitment is required following school .
Obama spokesperson Ben LaBolt declined to comment on the latest iteration of a subject previously raised by Hawaii Sen. Daniel Inouye , a Hillary Rodham Clinton backer who attended a public school down the road from Punahou , and who cracked before the state 's primary that the private school “ was not school for the impoverished . ”
Obama reportedly responded that they had attended on scholarship and added , “ Shame on Danny for trying to pull that stunt . ''
Is it time to end tipping ?
Tipping annoys customers , inflames tensions between co-workers , undermines restaurant owners , and has no measurable impact on service . So why ca n't we get rid of it ?
By Max Fawcett / Photo : Byron Eggenschwiler
Nevada Cope swears that their new restaurant 's name was n't chosen with any kind of deliberate irony in mind . Still , it 's hard to ignore the fact that their West End eatery , Ritual , will be the first restaurant in Vancouver to eliminate tipping—which happens to be one of the most well-established dining rituals we have in North America . Like most rituals , the practice of tipping has transcended its original purpose and become something closer to a reflex than a conscious choice . But ritual or not , Cope decided that it was time for tipping to go . They know it wo n't be easy . “ People are kind of scared for me , because it 's putting the burden on the restaurant instead of the customer . But it 's the right thing to do—it should be up to the employer to take care of their employees and make sure they 're getting paid properly . It should n't have to be the customer that makes that call . ”
That 's certainly what Danny Meyer thinks . Meyer , who 's something of a legend within the New York restaurant scene , did away with tipping at all 13 of their Union Square Hospitality Group 's full-service restaurants in November . He 's no stranger to shaking up their industry , either . In a piece for Eater last October , Ryan Sutton noted that Meyer and their restaurants were ahead of a number of other major social trends that did , in time , affect the rest of the hospitality industry . Their most famous—and famously unpopular—such move was to ban smoking , a decision that turned out to be prescient . Given that , Sutton wrote , “ If Meyer thinks we 'd all be better off without tipping , he 's probably got a good reason for it . ”
The biggest reason of all , according to Meyer , is that it eliminates a longstanding imbalance between what those who work in the front of house and those who work in the kitchen take home each night . As they told Eater 's Sutton , “ I hate those Saturday nights where the whole dining room is high-fiving because they just set a record , and they 're counting their shekels , and the kitchen just says , ‘ Well boy , did we sweat tonight . ' ” Cope , too , comes at the issue from a cook 's perspective . “ I 've always seen the servers walk away with hundreds of bucks while the kitchen gets tipped out , like , $ 10 . It 's not really fair . ”
'Servers walk away with hundreds of bucks while the kitchen gets tipped out , like , $ 10 . It 's really not fair . ' Click to Tweet
Fairness aside , that imbalance in wages between the front and back of the house is also leading to a major shortage of skilled cooks . As Meyer told Eater , “ We 're in a day and age where there are more talented cooks than there ever have been , but fewer of them who want to live in New York to start a fine-dining career. ” According to Chambar 's Karri Schuermans , the skills shortage in Vancouver 's kitchens might be even worse . “ It 's really bad . Not only are there a lot of restaurants opening , but a lot of people just ca n't afford to live in Vancouver . We 're losing so many staff members that are in their late twenties and early thirties . ”
That 's partially a reflection of both the high cost of housing here and changes to the temporary foreign worker program that make it difficult ( if not impossible ) to bring in help from outside the country , but the fact that local cooks are earning substantially less than servers does n't help . Schuermans 's husband , Nico , is a chef himself , and , they say , they “ knows that it 's not fair for guys who are generally working more hours than a server to walk away at the end of the day with less when they 're just as passionate about working hard. ” That 's why Chambar is trying to chart a middle ground between Meyer 's no-tipping orthodoxy and business as usual . By increasing the percentage of a given evening 's sales that the front of house staff have to share with the back , they say , they and their husband have created an environment in which everyone 's incentives are aligned . “ People do n't come to us and say that someone else is n't doing their jobs . They call them out on it because they 're sharing income . ”
But according to Bruce McAdams , an assistant professor at the University of Guelph 's School of Hospitality and Tourism Management ( and someone with more than two decades of experience in the hospitality industry himself ) , that sense of common purpose at Chambar is n't very , well , common . “ Tipping promotes this mercenary , individual goal-oriented perspective for the server , ” they say . “ I was a server , and you could see how that played out in the industry. ” Indeed , that 's exactly what David Jones , owner of a Parksville restaurant called Smoke 'n Water that experimented with a no-tipping policy in 2014 , saw after they were forced to pull the plug on it . “ When I switched back , it was n't two days before you could tell the difference . Where before everybody was pulling together , it was suddenly us against them—the servers ca n't get it right , and the cooks ca n't put it out fast enough . ”
All of this might be an acceptable cost of doing business if tipping had a meaningful and measurable impact on the quality of service that customers receive . But as Amanda Cohen , chef and owner of the award-winning New York restaurant Dirt Candy , argued in a piece for Eater back in 2014 , it doesn't—not even close . “ Servers wearing white shirts get higher tips than servers wearing red shirts . Blonde waiters make bigger tips than brunette waiters . Waiters who draw a smiley face on the check get better tips , unless they 're men , in which case they make worse tips . Black waiters make lower tips than white waiters . If there was a shred of research that showed tipping was a rational process , I would be all for it , but the research shows that tipping makes no sense . ”
'If Meyer thinks we 'd all be better off without tipping , he 's probably got a good reason for it . ' Click to Tweet
Bruce McAdams , who 's done plenty of that research himself , agrees . “ It makes no sense to any of the stakeholders , other than the server . And nothing against the server , because they provide great value in the dining experience . But unfortunately , their compensation—based on our research , and other people 's research—shows them taking a disproportionate amount of the wage pie out of the system . ”
There 's also the fact that , from the restaurant owner 's perspective , it puts a substantial portion of their revenue in the hands of the consumer . “ If I 'm buying an airline ticket , ” McAdams says , “ WestJet is n't going to give me an option on where I can take 15 percent of the cost and distribute it. ” And with ever-increasing food and labour costs cutting into the already prosciutto-thin profit margins at most restaurants , anything that could increase the top line ought to be up for consideration . But , McAdams says , it 's difficult to find anyone who 's willing to put their money—well , their servers ' tips—where their mouth is . “ I 've had this talk with VPs , CEOs , and directors , and they can not argue my point . They 're like , ‘ You 're right—but we 're not going to be the first . ' ”
That 's why everyone 's eyes are on Danny Meyer 's big experiment . He 's uniquely qualified to take the risk , given that their stake in Shake Shack—the popular comfort-food chain that went public early last year—makes them a very , very rich man . “ If it backfires , he 's losing millions—he 's not losing their billions , ” McAdams says . “ But now that Danny Meyer has done this , the amount of attention that I 'm hearing from people is incredible . Where I would have been laughed out of a room three years ago , people want to listen to what I have to say about tipping now . ”
As for what diners in Vancouver will have to say about Nevada Cope 's no-tipping experiment ? They think that , in time , they 'll buy in too . “ It 's going to take a while for customers to get into this mindset . And then it 's really going to take off . ”
The problem of homelessness just continues to get worse and worse . The number of individuals presenting as homeless has been rising , month by month , for several years , with a record 4,668 people , including 1,383 children sleeping in State-funded emergency accommodation in July this year .
When Jonathan Corrie died in a doorway within yards of Dáil Éireann last December , there was a rush to provide further emergency accommodation to get people off the streets .
Funding for 271 extra beds was provided . However , within four weeks , these beds were all full and the numbers unable to get a bed at night and forced to sleep on the street began rising again .
Today they are back to the same level as last December . The fact that there is now no rush to provide yet more emergency accommodation suggests that the concern last December was less to do with people sleeping on the streets than with the political embarrassment over the death of a homeless person so close to where political decisions are made ( or not made ) .
Most of the emergency , one-night only , accommodation available is an insult to the dignity of homeless people . It is almost all dormitory-style accommodation where drugs , aggression and bullying are rife .
Drug users also have a right to emergency accommodation . But to offer people who are drug-free a bed in such accommodation is unethical .
Indeed , what is the point in a homeless person bothering to become drug-free when the only accommodation they will be offered , after finishing a treatment programme , is a bed in a room full of drug-users ?
Young vulnerable homeless people , including children leaving care , are terrified in those dormitories and often feel safer sleeping on the street .
The biggest complaint I get from homeless people is that they wake up to find the people with whom they were sharing the room have gone — and so is their money , their phone , their runners and anything else of value they possessed . But no one in authority seems to think that this is a problem that needs to be addressed .
Today , homelessness is accompanied by hopelessness – homeless people see no way out .
The exits out of homelessness are blocked ; social housing is in very short supply and only 1 per cent of landlords will offer private rented accommodation to people dependent on the rent supplement provided by the State .
Becoming homeless today is no longer a temporary phase in a person 's life , but is likely to last a very long time .
Depression and suicide
Even more worryingly , the number of families presenting as newly homeless continues to rise relentlessly .
In 2013 , about 20 families a month were presenting as newly homeless in Dublin , where the problem is most acute ; in 2014 , the average was 40 families per month ; but this year it has risen to 60 families per month and in July it was 70 – that is more than two families per day .
Dublin City Council has run out of hotel and B & B accommodation in which to house homeless families and tells them to go out and find accommodation themselves and , if successful , the council will pay for it .
Imagine a family who have been thrown out of their home in the morning , arriving at the homeless services in the afternoon , carrying all their possessions and maybe accompanied by small children , being told to walk around Dublin to look for a room in which to spend the night .
As rents continue to rise , and repossessions gather pace ( with 54,000 homes and buy-to-lets in mortgage arrears of more than two years , it has been predicted that 25,000 repossessions will take place over the next few years ) , the number of homeless families will sadly continue to grow .
The vast majority of those now becoming homeless were never homeless before and never ever thought they would become homeless .
They have been evicted from their private rented accommodation because they can no longer pay the spiralling rents , or they have been evicted because the financial institutions have repossessed their home from their landlord who is in mortgage arrears .
The solution is obvious but expensive : social housing – that is , housing under the control of the local authorities .
While the modular housing units unveiled this week could make a significant contribution to alleviate the lack of emergency accommodation for families , they are not a substitute for social housing .
Total failure
Yet the Government 's social housing strategy continues to rely heavily on the private rented sector . To provide social housing for the 130,000 households currently on the waiting list would require an investment of €1 billion a year for the next 25 years .
We need to declare a national emergency . The problem of homelessness is now out of control .
Fr Peter McVerry SJ works with homeless people
For several years now , filmmaker and extremely rich person George Lucas has been working to create a massive museum dedicated to showcasing their collection of movie memorabilia , illustrations , and graphic art . After their efforts to build the museum in San Francisco were twice rejected , they then took the project to Chicago where they were greeted with open arms and lived happily ever after . Er , well , except for that last part , as we now learn that their Chicago efforts have stalled due to a lawsuit regarding the proposed lakefront location . Seizing on the reported difficulties , Oakland officials are hinting that a second attempt to convince the Californian to bring their museum to the Bay Area may be in the future .
So reports the SF Business Times , which notes that the office of Oakland 's Mayor Libby Schaaf appears eager to have another shot at wooing Lucas .
“ If plans for a museum in Chicago do not come to fruition , '' noted Schaaf spokesperson Erica Terry Derryck , `` we 'd be thrilled to explore the possibility of this exciting project coming to life in Oakland . ''
Oakland initially proposed an East Bay location for the museum last year , but at the time Lucas still seemed set on Chicago . According to the Times , pro-business advocacy group The Bay Area Council is also considering reaching out to Lucas again .
`` We 'd be very eager , very interested in facilitating a meeting , '' BAC vice president for communications Rufus Jeffris told the publication .
So could the museum actually end up back in the Bay Area ? Well , that depends on what happens next in Chicago . The Chicago non-profit Friends of the Park is suing to prevent construction on the 17-acre site near Lake Michigan , but city officials are looking to begin construction regardless . A judge is set to decide on April 21 if work can go ahead while the lawsuit moves through the court . If the judge finds in the favor of Friends of the Park , and construction is delayed indefinitely , Oakland may suddenly start to look a lot more appealing .
Previously : Middle Finger Raised To S.F. , George Lucas Takes Their $ 700 Million Museum To Chicago
New album 'This Old Dog ' is out in May
Mac DeMarco has shared another song from their upcoming new album .
The Canadian singer-songwriter releases their new album ‘ This Old Dog ' on May 5 . Listen to previous single ‘ My Old Man ' and the record 's title-track .
A press release describes ‘ On The Level ' as “ another contemplative number giving a further glimpse into their relationships with their kin ” .
Mac says of the track : “ This record has a lot to do with my family and my life right now and the way I 'm feeling . One of the main goals for this record was trying to make sure I retained some kind of realness . That 's the bottom line . ”
DeMarco 's last proper album ‘ Salad Days ' came Number Two in NME 's Albums Of 2014 list . They followed it with their ‘ Another One ' mini-album in August 2015 .
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
Mac DeMarco will perform two London shows at O2 Academy Brixton on May 30 and May 31 , as well as gigs at Newcastle Academy on August 29 and Edinburgh Usher Hall on August 30 . They will also headline End Of The Road festival at the end of the summer .
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
Speaking about the creative process behind their new record , DeMarco recently said that “ it 's definitely one of those things where the album makes more sense as a whole , a full thing rather than single , single , single . ”
They also told NME : “ I think it 's a little more personal , about my family and the way my life is going right now . There 's a lot of substance on it . I 've been looking at things under a more mature microscope . Being alive is really crazy , and the world is a really strange place . ”
Already reeling under deep slashes to public spending , Greeks on Wednesday have been asked to shoulder yet more austerity measures as the country seeks to shrink a massive budget deficit and ward off bankruptcy .
The Greek government announced a combination of cuts and fresh revenues worth 4.8 billion ( $ 6.5 billion ) including a pension freeze and a 30 percent cut to holiday bonuses for the country 's civil servants . In addition , Athens is to raise sales tax by two percentage points to 21 percent and has hiked taxes on alcohol , cigarettes , luxury cars and other high-end goods . The new austerity package augments previous measures aimed at cutting state spending by 8 billion - 10 billion .
`` These decisions are necessary for the survival of the country and the economy so that Greece can exit the vortex of speculators and defamation , so that we can breathe and keep on fighting , '' Greek Prime Minister Georgios Papandreou told reporters on Wednesday .
Athens is under considerable European Union pressure to cut its budget deficit -- which currently stands at 12.7 percent of gross domestic product -- by four percentage points this year to shore up faith in the European common currency , the euro . Earlier this week , European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Olli Rehn asked Greece to take further measures after Brussels determined that previously announced austerity measures would not be enough .
'The Right Step '
In addition to its deep budget deficit -- which is more than four times higher than the 3 percent allowed by the treaty governing the European common currency zone -- Athens also faces some 300 billion in sovereign debt . The country must refinance 20 billion of that debt by the end of May and a total of 53 billion this year . With investors concerned about Greece 's ability to continue shouldering that debt , the country has had difficulties raising sufficient funds on the bond markets . A 10-year bond issue has been twice delayed as Athens tries to wait out market turbulence in the hopes of cheaper borrowing costs .
The German government welcomed the additional Greek austerity measures on Wednesday . Berlin `` is confident that they will be greeted with a clear show of confidence '' said deputy government spokesperson Christoph Steegmans .
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble said that the new Greek measures show Athens is on the right track . `` It is now decisive that Greece implements these resolutions quickly and completely . '' German Chancellor Angela Merkel added that the austerity measures were `` the right step . ''
Speculation increased on Wednesday that the European Union may be working on a package to help Greece as a way to halt the euro 's slide . Speaking in Brussels , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said there was `` intense debate '' within the euro zone over how to assist members who face bankruptcy . `` The concrete instruments , we will present them in due time , '' they said . `` We have to have solidarity in the European Union . ''
Bleeding
Barroso 's comments came during the announcement of a new economic plan for the next decade in the European Union . In addition to setting goals to lower unemployment and increase funding in research and development , Barroso also called for closer economic policy coordination in the EU . They said Brussels should more closely monitor economic performance in member countries to avoid the kind of crisis that has struck Greece .
In a televised address on Wednesday , Papandreou said , `` We are awaiting European solidarity , the other side of this agreement . '' In mid-February , finance ministers from the euro zone promised to help Greece from sliding into bankruptcy , but declined to provide details as to what such a plan might look like . More recently , EU leaders -- led by Merkel -- have been insisting that no bailout of Greece would be forthcoming .
Still , with other euro-zone countries likewise facing high budget deficits and mountains of debt , more steps may be needed to prop up the euro . Any such steps are likely to be dependent on support from Berlin -- even as a wide majority of German voters are steadfastly against help for Greece . Papandreou will be in Berlin on Friday for talks with Merkel before heading to Paris on Sunday , though the German government said on Wednesday that Berlin was not planning to offer aid to Greece .
In response to the new austerity measures , Greece 's 300,000 civil servants announced a 24-hour strike in protest , scheduled for March 16 . `` These measures will make us bleed to death financially . The measures will have an unbelievable effect on Greek society , '' said a union spokesperson on Greek radio .
S & P 500 Dividend Aristocrats
If a big part of an investor 's returns are the dividends that companies distribute every quarter , would n't it make sense if we invest in companies that increase their dividends each year ? There are certainly many ways to do this , but one way is to invest with the S & P 500 dividend aristocrats .
Basically , the S & P 500 Dividend Aristocrats represent companies ( ones that are apart of the S & P 500 ) that have increased their dividends consistently for at least the last 25 years . To make tracking easier , Standard & Poors published a S & P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index for us to keep track and also invest in .
The S & P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index
The Aristocrats Index is an equally weighted index that is re-weighted every quarter . Also , all companies are reviewed annually to make sure :
The companies in the index have increased their dividends
Add new companies that make the list
What the S & P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Mean For Us
Investing in these companies are a great way to invest in solid companies with a great track record . In fact , the performance of this index have been proven to outperform the S & P 500 and be less volatile at the same time . However , it 's not hard to see that 2008 ( and so far in 2009 ) have n't been a good one for this index . Just because it outperforms the S & P 500 does n't mean it will make you money .
List of Companies in the S & P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ( as of 2009 )
3M Co ( MMM )
Abbott Laboratories ( ABT )
AFLAC Inc ( AFL )
Air Products & Chemicals ( APD )
Anheuser-Busch Cos ( BUD )
Archer-Daniels-Midland ( ADM )
Automatic Data Proc ( ADP )
Avery Dennison Corp ( AVY )
Bank of America ( BAC )
Bard ( C.R . ) ( BCR )
BB & T Corp ( BBT )
Becton , Dickinson ( BDX )
CenturyTel Inc ( CTL )
Chubb Corp ( CB )
Cincinnati Financial ( CINF )
Clorox Co ( CLX )
Coca-Cola Co ( KO )
Comerica Inc ( CMA )
Consolidated Edison ( ED )
Dover Corp ( DOV )
Emerson Electric ( EMR )
Exxon Mobil ( XOM )
Family Dollar Stores ( FDO )
Fifth Third Bancorp ( FITB )
Gannett Co ( GCI )
General Electric ( GE )
Grainger ( W.W. ) ( GWW )
Integrys Energy Group ( TEG )
Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ )
Johnson Controls ( JCI )
KeyCorp ( KEY )
Kimberly-Clark ( KMB )
Leggett & Platt ( LEG )
Lilly ( Eli ) ( LLY )
Lowe 's Cos ( LOW )
M & T Bank ( MTB )
McDonald 's Corp ( MCD )
McGraw-Hill Companies ( MHP )
Nucor Corp ( NUE )
PepsiCo Inc ( PEP )
Pfizer , Inc ( PFE )
Pitney Bowes ( PBI )
PPG Indus ( PPG )
Procter & Gamble ( PG )
Progressive Corp , Ohio ( PGR )
Questar Corp ( STR )
Regions Financial ( RF )
Rohm & Haas ( ROH )
Sherwin-Williams ( SHW )
Sigma-Aldrich ( SIAL )
Stanley Works ( SWK )
State Street Corp ( STT )
Supervalu Inc ( SVU )
Synovus Financial ( SNV )
Target Corp ( TGT )
U.S. Bancorp ( USB )
VF Corp ( VFC )
Wal-Mart Stores ( WMT )
Walgreen Co ( WAG )
Wrigley , ( Wm ) Jr ( WWY )
Promote or Save This Article If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it ! If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it ! Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it ! | Reddit |
Related Posts
A Syrian rebel group operating around Damascus has executed 18 alleged members of Islamic State in a video mimicking the extremist organisation 's own productions .
The video shows fighters from Jaysh al-Islam ( Army of Islam ) wearing the orange prison clothes ISIS victims often sport .
The Islamic State prisoners however are wearing black clothes and chained together wearing ankle and hand shackles with metal balls attached .
Read Next
The nearly 20-minute production mimics many aspects of Islamic State 's own execution videos , with similar sound effects and visuals .
Jaysh al-Islam fighters in the video say Da'ish forces are being executed in part as revenge for the deaths of at least three of the rebel group 's members who were beheaded by ISIS . The rebel group accuses Islamic State of being allied with President Bashar al-Assad 's regime against its fighters and other rebels .
The video includes starkly sectarian language , accusing Islamic State of betraying Sunni Muslims and allying with Shia Muslims and “ Nusayris ” , a derogatory term for the Alawite sect to which Assad belongs .
It contains lengthy “ confessions ” from Islamic State fighters who claim that they did not fight against the Syrian army while with ISIS .
The last part of the video shows the 18 ISIS fighters in black , kneeling before Jaysh al-Islam executioners who shoot them in the head . The shots are filmed from multiple angles and include gruesome close-up shots .
AFP
A NUMBER OF animals native to Ireland will face extinction if foreign species invading the country are not controlled , according to new research .
The Irish hare , red squirrel and red deer are all in danger of being wiped out by invasive foreign species , according to the study .
A two-year research project on so-called “ invasional meltdown ” , by scientists at the Queen 's University Belfast , looked the introduction of two species now thriving in Ireland . It found that since the introduction of the greater white toothed shrew , Ireland 's native pygmy shrew had completely vanished in areas where the foreign species lives .
Similarly , native wood mouse numbers have dropped by 50 per cent in places where the foreign bank vole is now fully established .
“ The introduction of alien mammals to Ireland over the last 100 years has had major detrimental effects , threatening our indigenous habitats and species , ” said lead researcher Ian Montgomery . “ The American grey squirrel , for example , passes a deadly virus to native red squirrels , whilst European hares threaten the ecological and genetic integrity of the native Irish hare through competition and interbreeding ” .
Montgomery urged Governments in the Republic and Northern Ireland to work together to address the overall problem of invasive mammals throughout Ireland , and ensure that “ we understand both the mechanisms of invasion and the impacts of these aliens . ”
The study is published in the international scientific journal Biological Invasions
One of Tom Martino 's creditors says the TV and radio personality may have transferred $ 22.7 million in assets to their wife before filing for personal bankruptcy this month , a claim Martino denies .
“ International Bank believes the Debtor ( Martino ) may have transferred certain assets to Ms. Martino with the intent to hinder , delay , or defraud International Bank and other creditors and/or without receiving reasonably equivalent value in exchange , ” the company said in a filing this week .
Those assets , according to the bank , include a house worth $ 4.3 million , furnishings and art worth $ 750,000 , three aircraft with combined value of $ 725,000 , Friesian horses worth $ 100,000 , a Bentley Arnage car worth $ 200,000 , cash accounts holding $ 4.6 million and real estate equity of $ 11.7 million .
Martino also may have transferred 50 percent ownership of their Troubleshooter Network to Holly Martino “ sometime after November 13 , 2009 , ” the bank said .
Martino said Friday that the only asset they transferred to their wife was the title to their Franktown home . That was done in 2008 , before their financial troubles began , they said . Martino said they own 100 percent of Troubleshooter Network and always has , though their Sept. 2 bankruptcy filing indicates that he 's a 50 percent shareholder in at least some of its assets .
“ These people are simply trying to muddy the waters , ” they said . “ They are trying to discredit me . It 's very common in bankruptcy cases where a lot of money is at stake .
“ This one law firm is trying to destroy my reputation , ” they said of Denver 's Rothgerber Johnson & Lyons , which represents International Bank . “ The federal courts will not allow fraud , and they will be the first ones to come down on anyone committing fraud . I would be insane to try to commit fraud . ”
Martino claimed liabilities of $ 78.6 million and assets of $ 1.37 million in their Sept. 2 bankruptcy filing . They have said the case involves roughly $ 40 million in unpaid loans made to them for real-estate investments throughout Colorado , and that their Troubleshooter Network business is still healthy .
The biggest portion of debt , more than $ 30 million from the failed New Frontier Bank of Greeley , is now in the hands of Colony Capital , a California real estate investment fund .
International Bank said a company owned by Martino defaulted on a $ 2.8 million commercial real estate loan it made in 2008 .
The bank 's new filing was one of three this week objecting to Martino 's effort to have the Troubleshooter Network and Martino Consulting — their operating businesses — removed from the bankruptcy case . Martino has said the businesses have no value without their involvement .
But International Bank and another creditor , First Citizens Bank and Trust Co. , say the Troubleshooter Network and Martino Consulting have tangible assets . First Citizens said Martino earlier valued the Troubleshooter Network at $ 5 million . The bank said the company 's assets include bank accounts with more than $ 724,000 in deposits , a helicopter , an airplane , a tractor and office equipment .
Troubleshooter Network also “ apparently has contracts with customers , intellectual intangible property such as websites , receivables , and goodwill sufficient to generate annual income of approximately $ 1.5 million , ” the bank said .
Also objecting to Martino 's effort to shield their operating businesses is the court-appointed trustee overseeing their estate . A lawyer for trustee Simon Rodriguez said it 's for Rodriguez to determine the value of the businesses , and that they have n't yet conducted an investigation into their potential value .
Greg Griffin : 303-954-1241 or ggriffin @ denverpost.com
The Obama administration has increasingly warmed to a Russian proposal that allows U.S. forces to coordinate with the Kremlin in the ongoing war against ISIS in Syria . But the White House is facing major resistance to the idea from the U.S. military and those in the intelligence community who are working with local Syrian opposition forces—the very government officials who would carry out such a plan .
The pushback comes as the U.S. has reportedly sent a proposal to Russia to share information about specific target s to strike in Syria . Secretary of State John Kerry is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin Thursday in part to discuss the plan .
Some Pentagon officials already are saying it wo n't work . They have suggested that should the U.S. and Russia agree to increased coordination , they will lobby to share as little with the Russians as possible .
There are discussions in the Pentagon about narrowing the extent of the coordination and the amount of intelligence shared , a U.S. defense official explained to The Daily Beast .
The Russians , two defense officials said , could not be trusted to honor any agreement , saying they believe Moscow would eventually exploit any agreement to bolster the regime—and weaken Syria 's beleaguered rebel fighters . As one U.S.official asked : “ What do we gain ? ”
The internal debate about how much to expand U.S. coordination with the Russians has exposed perhaps the greatest schism within the administration this year over the way ahead in Syria .
Will it help end the war—and if so—for which side ? Will it lead to a weaker ISIS and al Qaeda in Syria or an emboldened Russia and Syrian President Bashar al Assad ?
The U.S. officials supporting increased coordination believe that ultimately Russia wants a political solution—an agreement between Assad and the rebels . Increased coordination could induce Russia to broker such a deal . On the ground , increased coordination could reduce civilian casualties and weaken terror groups like Jabhat al Nusra , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , one administration official explained to The Daily Beast .
“ The regime needs to ... end the indiscriminate use of weapons , including the targeting of civilians and civilian authorities , and including medical ones . And we look to the Russians to make a greater use of the influence that we know that they have to make that happen , ” State Department spokesperson John Kirby explained to reporters last week .
But for others in the U.S. government , there are concrete reasons , presented in just the last few weeks , not to trust the Kremlin . Russia is believed to have attacked Pentagon-backed and trained forces in southern Syria last month , even after the U.S. reached out to the Russians to alert them about who they were striking . Russia denied striking the rebels , stationed near the Jordan border .
For others at the State Department , Russia is not a partner in Syria but the country whose police forces attacked a U.S. diplomat entering the embassy in Moscow over the weekend , leading to an expulsion and counter expulsion of diplomats .
The State Department said Russian police “ attacked ” the diplomats . Last month , Kerry raised the issue of how diplomats are being treated with the very Russian officials they are now discussing a military coordination plan with .
And in the nine months since Russia began its strike campaign on behalf of Assad , there have been a series of broken agreements .
In May , for example , there was an agreed ceasefire between Russia and the United States in the Syrian city of Aleppo . And yet , despite those calls to stop fighting , just over the weekend , with the help of Russian air strikes , the Syrian army claimed control of Castello Road , a key rebel route out of Aleppo .
The U.S. has been trying to get its Syrian rebel allies to separate themselves from Nusra , so far without success , because the Islamist group is among the most effective anti-Assad forces . The Russians have said that with the moderate rebels interspersed with Nusra , it 's hard to bomb al Qaeda without also bombing the moderate rebels . Moscow says it needs to know where the American-backed rebels are so its forces do n't hit them by accident .
Opponents to such coordination sense a Russian trap . Two U.S. defense officials explained to The Daily Beast that they believe the Russians will use such coordination to shift the discussion about Syria away from Assad 's removal and toward weakening their opponents , like Jabhat al Nusra . Moreover , they fear that once Russia , with U.S. help , pushes back the al Qaeda affiliate , they will renege on promises to spare the U.S.-backed moderate Syrian opposition , thereby “ eliminating the two greatest threats to the Assad regime , ” the U.S. official explained .
“ Russia is framing this offer in terms of counterterrorism and is proposing joint operations against both Jabhat al Nusra and ISIS , but of course Russia 's current campaign does not actually make such distinctions . The issue on the table , therefore , is whether it 's possible for the U.S. to redirect Russia into an actual counterterrorism alliance in which Russia halts targeting of acceptable opposition groups , ” Jennifer Cafarella , a Syria analyst at the Washington-based Institute for the Study of War , explained to The Daily Beast .
U.S. defense officials said that working with Moscow would give credibly to a far less precise Russian military air campaign , one that has , by everyone 's measure , killed far more civilians in Syria than the U.S.-backed coalition .
“ Why give [ the Russians ] legitimacy ? ” one defense official asked .
And perhaps most importantly to those working with local forces , they fear that any agreement could cost the U.S. credibility with local forces who are working with them .
The U.S. and Russia already communicate to ensure there are no accidents in the air over Syria and that U.S.-backed opposition forces are not struck . There is no coordination of attacks , but rather an exchange of limited information to prevent unintended strikes .
The pressure on the Pentagon to embrace increased Russian coordination has begun to creep into the public discourse . Secretary of Defense Ash Carter , who once flatly closed the door to increased Russian coordination , opened that door ever so slightly late last month .
“ If the Russians would do the right thing in Syria , and that 's an important condition , as in all cases with Russia , we 're willing to work with them , ” Carter told reporters at a June 30 briefing .
The U.S. has been divided for years about how to deal with Nusra , which the U.S. declared al Qaeda in December 2012 . The U.S. now sees the ongoing expansion al Qaeda affiliate as dangerous .
“ In Syria , as [ ISIS ] is losing territory in the east , its terrorist rival—Jabhat al-Nusra—is gaining ground in the west , ” Brett McGurk , the U.S. special presidential envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter IS , said June 28 in written testimony to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Kerry arrives in Moscow Thursday , in part , “ to test how serious the Russians are about using their influence in a constructive way in Syria , ” a second U.S. official explained .
CicLAvia , the popular Los Angeles bike and pedestrian event group , has received a $ 500,000 contribution , organizers said Tuesday .
The non-profit received the donation from the Wasserman Foundation , said CicLAvia organizer Aaron Paley .
“ It will help us to continue to grow CicLAvia , ” Paley said of the new funds .
CicLAvia shuts down streets in certain sections of Los Angeles , giving bikers and pedestrians access to car-free roads and drawing tens of thousands of participants .
The event originated three decades ago in Bogota , Colombia and is now held in many cities across Latin America and the United States .
Paley said their group is planning four CicLAvia events in 2014 . One of the new routes , they said , may be through the San Fernando Valley . The Valley spur would likely be located near the Red Line subway station , Paley said .
In 2015 , the group hopes to have five or six events in Los Angeles . But the long-term goal , they said , is to produce CicLAvia on a monthly basis . That goal is also supported by Mayor Eric Garcetti , who frequently mentioned shutting down the streets once a month during their recent mayoral campaign .
“ Mayor Garcetti wants CicLAvia to happen on a monthly basis , ” said their spokesperson Vicki Curry . “ His staff has already met with the CicLAvia organization , MTA , and city departments to discuss what it will take to make that happen . ”
Each Los Angeles CicLAvia event costs about $ 500,000 to produce , Paley said . The city picks up about half the costs ,
The next CicLAvia will be held October 6 . Streets from Chinatown to South LA and from Westlake to Boyle Heights will be open to bikers and pedestrians .
Phone and Network Carriers Supporting Simultaneous Voice and Data
Basic Requirements of InnoCaption
1 . Voice and data plan with your mobile network carrier
2 . A phone and mobile network carrier combination that carries simultaneous voice and data
Simultaneous voice and data is a system that will transmit and receive both voice and captions concurrently . To provide a captioning service with virtually instantaneous and accurate captions , our phone app handles two things at the same time , voice ( audio of the other person ) and captions of their voice . To learn more about Simultaneous voice and data , click here .
In order to make sure InnoCaption runs the way it was designed , check the graph below for your phone and network carrier to see if it supports simultaneous voice and data . If your phone and network carrier does not support simultaneous voice and data , InnoCaption can be accessed with a Wi-Fi connection where available .
Please note : The list above is confirmed as supporting simultaneous voice and data . InnoCaption does not endorse the use of specific phones or network carriers . Due to frequent technology changes , please check with your network carrier to confirm that their phone supports simultaneous voice and data .
As more phone/network carrier combinations are confirmed or if changes are made by a network carrier , the list will be updated . If you have any questions or need support , please contact us at support @ innocaption.com .
Albany
It may soon get more expensive to stiff the city on parking tickets .
City Treasurer Darius Shahinfar wants to tack the expense of sending overdue tickets to a collection agency on top of the unpaid fines to keep taxpayers from having to foot the bill to pursue scofflaws .
If approved by the Common Council , the new fees could increase the cost of failing to pay by as much as 20 percent , Shahinfar said .
`` If people do n't want to pay that , pay up your old tickets now , '' Shahinfar urged .
As it is , city parking tickets are already subject to state surcharges and the fines double if not paid or contested within 20 days .
That means a $ 35 ticket for violating alternate-side-of-the-street parking rules , which comes with a $ 15 surcharge , could cost a motorist north of a $ 100 with a 20 percent collection premium .
While an amnesty late last year put a dent in the city backlog of unpaid tickets , the number has crept back up to around 60,000 worth about $ 5.5 million , Shahinfar said .
Albany recently sent its first batch of past-due tickets to its new collections agency , Indiana-based Unique Management Services .
The city had not previously sent unpaid tickets to collection , but Shahinfar warned last year that 's where they would be headed if the accounts were n't settled by the end of the amnesty on late fees , which was dubbed Food for Fines because it also raised charitable contributions for local food pantries .
Under its contract with the UMS , the company keeps 17.5 percent of the money it helps collect .
The city 's plan , inspired by a similar policy enacted last year in Schenectady , is to add UMS ' 17.5 percent cut to the cost of the ticket , as well as any mailing costs associated with the collections notices , Shahinfar said .
When Schenectady added collections costs to its outstanding fines , it did so only for tickets issued after a certain date , Corporation Counsel Carl Falotico said . Albany 's proposed ordinance does not specify whether it would apply retroactively to tickets already issued , and Shahinfar said the city is looking into whether that 's possible .
Total revenue from parking fines and surcharges increased to $ 3.3 million last year from $ 2.75 million the year before — about $ 300,000 of which came during the amnesty , Shahinfar said .
That rebound came after parking ticket revenue plunged by $ 900,000 in 2014 thanks to a drop-off in ticketing .
The Albany Parking Authority took over parking enforcement from the police department last year in hopes of boosting the efficiency of when and where parking enforcement officers are deployed .
The city 's collection rate on parking tickets was about 85 percent last year , Shahinfar said .
The ordinance authorizing the new fee is expected to be introduced to the Common Council Monday night .
jcarleo-evangelist @ timesunion.com • 518-454-5445 • @ JCEvangelist_TU
Former Brazil international forward Leandro Damiao is leaving Cruzeiro .
Cruzeiro have not renewed the contracts of former Brazil international forwards Leandro Damiao and Julio Baptista , the club announced on Wednesday .
Damiao , 26 , was a reported target of Tottenham in 2011-12 after featuring for the Selecao in its 2012 Olympics campaign . Julio Baptista , 34 , made 48 appearances for the national team and spent time at Real Madrid , Arsenal , Sevilla and São Paulo among others .
In addition , the club announced the departure of midfielder Charles and right-back Ceara .
Cruzeiro comunica a saída de 4 jogadores do atual elenco . Obrigado por honrarem nosso manto . https : //t.co/8kdmmIrFOI pic.twitter.com/Q4JKJ3Q8n0 - Cruzeiro E. Clube ( @ Cruzeiro ) December 1 , 2015
Damiao has disappointed since moving from Internacional to Santos following Neymar 's departure from the São Paulo club in 2013 . They were loaned to Cruzeiro in January of 2015 after failing to impress at the Vila Belmiro , and scored just four goals in 23 Serie A games for the Belo Horizonte giants this season .
The decision to part ways with the players comes with one game still remaining in the Brazilian championship .
`` The board notified , on Wednesday afternoon , that it will not renew the contract of four athletes for next season , '' The club 's statement read .
`` In this manner , Leandro Damiao , Charles , Julio Baptista and Ceara will leave the club this week and will not take part in the final round of the Brasileirao , against Internacional , on Sunday . ''
Champions in 2013 and 2014 , Cruzeiro , who sacked two coaches this campaign before settling on former Brazil boss Mano Menezes , currently sit in eighth place with 55 points .
Will Progressives Get Behind Workers Fighting to Stop Concessions at GE ?
In the wake of Gov . Scott Walker 's unionbusting efforts in Wisconsin , there has been an upsurge in support for organized labor from progressives who in the past have neglected union struggles . We have seen hundreds march in the streets of cities around the country in solidarity with embattled public-sector unions .
These struggles have received such large support since , in addition to being an attack on collective bargaining , they are perceived by progressives as being an attack on the Democratic Party as well . They are also struggles that affect tens of thousands as opposed to private sector union struggles , which typically only affect a few hundred , or just a few dozen , workers in a bargaining unit .
But rebuilding strength in the private sector—6.9 % of which is unionized , the sector 's lowest level since 1901—will be crucial to rebuilding union strength nationwide . ( While under dramatic attack , 36 % of public-sector workers are organized . ) Rebuilding private sector union strength will be a long , slow struggle continued one workplace at a time .
Private sector struggles , however , rarely achieve wide attention because they are often seen as local struggles—merely ancedotal footnotes of broader corporate abuse . One contract negotiation coming up , however , could be seen as a national struggle with a very political target . 15,000 workers scattered among 14 unions are set to negotiate a master contract this summer with General Electric , the largest corporation in the world .
Due to the way labor law is shaped , workers organize and bargain in units defined by one individual workplace that involves a few hundred workers . A big union victory typically involves 500 workers winning an election—but 500 workers voting to join a union does n't seem that big of a deal to people unfamilar with the labor movement .
This leads to media seeing private-sector union campaigns as a local struggle , despite the fact that management always see them in a national context : if you can beat a union in one workplace , you can beat them down the line .
What GE wants from workers
Among the major concessions GE has signaled it will ask of union workers is the elimination of a defined contribution benefit pension for new employees , a move the company has already implemented for its nonunion salaried employees . Likewise , GE is signaling to the union that it will ask for the elimination of current health insurance plans in favor of lower-quality health saving accounts , a move the company has already implemented for nonunion salaried employees as well .
In addition , GE may ask some workers for a wage freeze . Since the recession began in 2007 , GE threatened to close plants in Schenectady , N.Y. , and Louisville , Ky. , unless workers took wage concessions and adopted two-tier wage structure . Workers have vowed to resist any proposed concession by the company and have left the option of striking on the table if GE wo n't agree to remove concession from the table .
These looming contract negotiations seem a prime struggle progressives in the broader community ought to rally behind .
Recently , GE received a lot of political heat when the New York Times reported that , despite making $ 14.2 billion in profits , the largest corporation in the United States paid zero U.S. taxes in 2010 and actually received tax credits of $ 3.2 billion dollars . After this was revealed , MoveOn.org launched an email campaign calling on President Obama to fire GE CEO as the head of their jobs commission .
In the email , Move On also blasted GE CEO Jeff Immelt for asking workers to take concessions during upcoming contract negotiations . Clearly , the struggle of the workers in the private sector captures the political imagination of progressives , but how much will outside progressive be involved in this labor struggle .
“ I think the negotiations are key for progressives to rally behind . In spite of the fact that GE is incredibly prosperous , did n't pay taxes last years , it still wants its workers to take cuts , ” says UE-GE Conference Secretary Steve Tormey . “ The company basically wants to exasperate the situation of the haves and have nots in this country . Nobody is more symbolic of the assault on workers than General Electric . ”
It 's unclear how many progressives are willing to get involved in the GE contract fight . But what is clear is that it 's a perfect opportunity for progressives energized about the labor movement after a public-sector struggle in Wisconsin and other states to organize and educate themselves about a tough union battle brewing at GE .
Microsoft to Open Dedicated “ Windows Stores ” in Best Buy
Microsoft is expanding its retail footprint — deep into Best Buy .
The two companies on Thursday announced a strategic partnership that will see Microsoft creating Windows Stores inside more than 600 Best Buy locations in North America .
These stores-within-a-store will occupy between 1,500 square feet and 2,200 square feet of floor space inside the Best Buy locations in which they 're built , and will showcase a broad range of Microsoft products — software like Windows and Office , and hardware like Surface , Xbox and the Windows Phone portfolio . Essentially , these Windows Stores are replacing the retailer 's existing PC departments . To support them , Best Buy is staffing some 1,200 Microsoft-trained sales associates , and it 's adding an online version of the Windows store-within-a-store to its website . The new stores will begin opening this month .
Microsoft is touting these new Windows Stores as massive “ department-level takeovers , ” and says they 're key to its retail efforts .
“ We 've heard a lot from customers over the last year , ” Microsoft CMO Chris Capossela explained . “ They 're buying tablets and other devices to complement their PCs . They 're using technology both at work and at play , and it 's blurring how they think of using tech in their lives . At the same time , they 've asked us to showcase touch-first devices in a compelling retail environment . We 've listened , and the story of the Windows Store is that we 've delivered what customers want : More touch , more hands-on experiences and more opportunities to see Microsoft technologies and how they work together . ”
Hardly an original idea ; Apple and Samsung both have mini-stores in Best Buy locations . And Best Buy 's big-box-store business is n't in the greatest shape these days .
But for Microsoft , which has been struggling in its standalone store efforts , this is a savvy move — an easy way to dramatically increase its retail footprint via an established big-box player . Through its partnership with Best Buy , Microsoft gets a significantly larger , more meaningful retail presence without having to roll out hundreds of standalone locations that would have been infinitely more costly .
Promo video below :
Charlie Neibergall/AP/PA
Rare is the scientist who goes to prison on research misconduct charges . But on 1 July , Dong-Pyou Han , a former biomedical scientist at Iowa State University in Ames , was sentenced to 57 months for fabricating and falsifying data in HIV vaccine trials . Han has also been fined US $ 7.2 million and will be subject to three years of supervised release after they leave prison .
Their case had a higher profile than most , attracting interest from a powerful US senator . Han 's harsh sentence raises questions about how alleged research fraud is handled in the United States , from decisions about whether to prosecute to the types of punishments imposed by grant-making agencies .
Spiked data
Han was forced to resign from Iowa State in 2013 after the university concluded that they had falsified the results of several vaccine experiments supported by grants from the US National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) . In some cases , Han spiked rabbit blood samples with human HIV antibodies so that the vaccine appeared to have caused the animals to develop immunity to the virus .
In a confessional letter sent to the university just before its investigation concluded , Han said that they began the subterfuge to cover up a sample mix-up that they had made years before .
The US Office of Research Integrity ( ORI ) , which oversees investigations into alleged misconduct involving NIH funds , barred Han from receiving federal grants for three years — the maximum penalty that it generally imposes on junior investigators . The case probably would have ended there had it not drawn the attention of Senator Charles Grassley ( Republican , Iowa ) , who has a history of investigating misconduct in the biomedical sciences .
“ This seems like a very light penalty for a doctor who purposely tampered with a research trial and directly caused millions of taxpayer dollars to be wasted on fraudulent studies , ” Grassley wrote in a February 2014 letter to the ORI . The office can issue lifetime funding bans , but former ORI officials say that such punishment is reserved for especially egregious cases , such as those in which human subjects could have been endangered .
Criminal prosecution
In June of that year , after extensive media coverage of the case and of Grassley 's reaction to it , the federal prosecutor in Des Moines pressed charges against Han . The scientist was arrested and their case brought before a grand jury . In February 2015 , they pled guilty to two felony charges of making false statements to obtain NIH research grants . ( See Han 's plea agreement , the prosecutor 's sentencing memorandum and the sentencing agreement . )
Alan Price , a former associate director of investigative oversight at the ORI , says that criminal prosecution is unusual for a “ medium-level ” fraud case such as Han 's . “ In most cases , I do n't think it would have been done . But Senator Grassley cares deeply about these issues and wanted to make that point . ”
The case has raised some concern among experts in scientific misconduct . The very few researchers who face criminal charges are not necessarily those who have caused the most harm to other scientists ' careers , or to science generally . “ We 're so preoccupied with major cases and so subject to policy pressure , we 've lost sight of the larger picture , ” says Nicholas Steneck , an expert in research integrity at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
Grassley appears to agree — telling the Senate in July , “ I worry that other cases may go unnoticed or unaddressed if there is n't a public outcry. ” They argue that lawmakers would not need to involve themselves in such matters if some government agencies that oversee research grants could levy harsher penalties and had more capacity to investigate alleged fraud .
Power limits
Most US funding agencies , including the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , have an inspector-general who investigates potential misconduct and fraud . These officials can withdraw grant money and impose prohibitions on receiving government funds , and often refer cases for criminal prosecution .
But the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , which includes the NIH and the ORI , separates these powers . The ORI can not directly investigate suspected fraud or misconduct ; it is limited to overseeing probes by the institutions that employ researchers suspected of wrongdoing . In cases where evidence of misconduct or fraud is found , the ORI can impose funding bans or refer potential criminal cases to the Department of Justice or the HHS inspector-general .
The HHS inspector-general can initiate investigations of suspected research fraud or misconduct , but is often preoccupied with other matters such as health-insurance fraud . And it can not impose funding bans or other administrative penalties .
The NIH and the ORI told Nature that they do not even track how many recipients of NIH grants have faced criminal prosecution .
In contrast , the NSF inspector-general has sole oversight of that agency 's misconduct investigations , and is involved in several criminal prosecutions each year . Most concern researchers suspected of misusing grant money or using plagiarized or falsified data to obtain funds , as Han did .
But David Wright , a former ORI director , says that the benefit of criminal prosecution is unclear . Formally barring a researcher from receiving federal funds is usually a professional death sentence , even if the ban is short , they add . “ It 's questionable how much more is to be gained by jail time . ”
In reality , however , no one knows the aggregate fate of scientists subject to funding bans , or whether the notion of such punishment deters people from committing misconduct . Price says that they and others at ORI once tried to conduct a formal , anonymous survey of these researchers to understand how their careers had been affected . But the White House shut the project down , saying that it cost too much and people were unlikely to respond .
SULAIMANI , Iraq 's Kurdistan region , — The poverty rate has hit yet another high level in Iraq 's Kurdistan Region by increasing more than four times since 2013 , from 3 percent to 15 percent , the head of statistics department in Sulaimani told Rudaw on Wednesday .
Mahmud Othman said that poverty rate in Kurdistan Region is still relatively low compared to the rest of Iraq .
“ When the level of poverty was 3 percent in Kurdistan Region in 2013 , it was 15 percent in Iraq , Othman said , “ But now that it has reached fifteen percent in here , it is 30 percent in Iraq , ”
They said the Kurdistan Region 's differences with centre and south of Iraq in this regard is surprisingly significant since public servants in Iraq receive their salaries on time , whereas in Kurdistan the public employees receive theirs often with significant delays , for months at times .
Iraqi Kurdistan 's Minister of Planning Ali Sindi said in November the unemployment rate increased to 12 % in the Kurdistan Region .
The poverty line index in Iraq and Kurdistan is 105,000 Iraqi dinars ( around $ 80 ) per month , according to World Bank standards .
The KRG struggles to finance the monthly wages to some 1.4 million people on its payroll , with around 730,000 of them directly employed by the KRG , while another 700,000 people have monthly payments from the Kurdish government in pensions , social protection for the underprivileged , student stipends and payments to families of Peshmerga victims , among others .
Kurdistan considered as the most corrupted part of Iraq . According to Kurdish politicians and observers billions of dollars are missing from Iraqi Kurdistan 's oil revenues .
Top KRG officials have long been accused by the opposition and observers of corruption , taking government money and misusing public funds .
The Kurdish Deputy Prime Minister Qubad Talabani said in early December that in 2014 Kurdistan Region suffered from triple shocks : the Iraqi budget cut early that year , the war with ISIS that began that summer and the subsequent influx of refugees and IDPs ( internally displaced people ) who numbered almost two million , coupled later with “ a devastating blow ” of low oil prices .
Talabani said that as the result their government 's unpopular austerity measures are expected to continue in 2017 .
The head of Statistics Department of Kurdistan Region however questioned Othman 's estimates . They said there has not been recent statistics with regard to poverty rate in 2016 .
“ According to the latest survey , which we had conducted with the World bank , the poverty rate in Kurdistan was 12.5 percent in 2014 , that number also includes the refugees and the IDPs . ”
A United Nations report in August 2015 revealed that In less than one year , the poverty rate in the Iraqi Kurdistan Region more than doubled , increasing from 3.8 percent to 8.1 percent .
More than one in ten people in the Kurdistan Region live below the poverty line , data from the Region 's Statistics Office revealed last September .
The extreme poverty is more widespread among larger families with many children and unemployed parents . Early September .
Copyright © , respective author or news agency , rudaw.net | Ekurd.net
Comments
Comments
Founded in 2009 , Wisconsin-based startup StudyBlue set out with a simple and straightforward mission : Leverage technology to help students improve their academic performance . Over the next year , with smartphone adoption accelerating , that took a more defined shape , with StudyBlue becoming laser-focused on mobile to allow students to study anywhere and everywhere — across devices .
Today , StudyBlue has become a “ digital backpack , ” with its web and mobile study tools enabling college and high school students to store and organize their course materials , turning them into flashcards , quizzes and study guides that can be accessed on the go . By allowing students to share the content they create with others , the startup has amassed an enormous library of user-generated study materials — over 100 million in total — which cover a wide array of subjects , from zoology to anthropology .
The free platform has attracted 2.5 million students to date , 1.5 million of which have signed on in the last year . Thanks to this accelerating growth , StudyBlue announced today that it has raised $ 9 million in series A-1 financing , led by Great Oaks Venture Capital . The Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation ( WARF ) , a private , nonprofit organization that helps transform university research into products that benefit society , also contributed to the investment .
The investment adds to the $ 5.8 million the startup has raised in seed and series A funding — all of which came from angel investors — bringing its total to $ 14.8 million . With its new capital in the bank , the startup plans to continue scaling its team ( now at 18 ) , operations and support services to keep up with its growth , along with devoting more attention to its international user base by expanding support to include more localization , languages and inclusion for students across the map .
In 2009 , 100 percent of StudyBlue users were university students , but today high school students and teachers now represent over 30 percent of its user base and , next , the startup wants to make middle school a bigger share of that 30 percent .
“ We are experiencing rapid growth , ” said StudyBlue CEO Becky Splitt , “ and this financing allows us to further expand our community and platform to help students master their course material faster and connect students to a comprehensive crowd-sourced library of content on nearly any subject , and to each other , in a highly relevant way . ”
With a series A crunch in bloom ( depending on whom you ask , of course ) , StudyBlue 's $ 9 million raise is a clear validation of the accelerating growth it 's been able to build over a fairly short period of time — a comparatively large early-stage financing for the EdTech world . Of course , as the industry transforms , education startups are beginning to find a more willing audience for their mobile and online apps , tools and platforms . Models are shifting such that startups can now more directly target students and teachers , and the demand is rising in kind .
Even though users bases are slowly beginning to grow among edtech companies , monetization still remains a challenge . Thanks to its new raise , there 's less urgency on the revenue front for StudyBlue , yet nonetheless , it 's begun to set the table by offering a freemium model with premium subscription and ad revenue . The platform 's core functionality is available to all for free and those who want more robust features — like an equation editor , advanced search filters , offline mode or to remove ads — can choose from one of two premium subscriptions at $ 1 and $ 5 per month , respectively .
Over time , the startup will also look to begin testing supplementary revenue streams by offering students opportunities to learn about sponsored offers from third-party sites they find relevant , in turn providing companies and brands access to a much-coveted demographic . For now , StudyBlue is focused on a bottom-up , direct-to-students approach , but there 's potential for the startup to tap into districts , which it can do more effectively as more teachers become aware of the service and recommend it to their students .
To that point , middle school and high school teachers have begun to discover the platform 's appeal as an effective tool for helping their students learn the material they teach and the StudyBlue CEO tells us that teachers increasingly requested the ability to add material themselves . So the startup recently added the ability for teachers to identify themselves to students so that they can find material shared by their teachers . As it goes forward , it will look to expand this functionality for teachers .
While there are a number of startups attacking this space , Splitt sees StudyBlue 's primary competition coming from Study Materials 1.0 — i.e . pen and paper . There 's BenchPrep , which offers premium content from top educational publishers and looks to personalize the learning process , Quizlet for flashcards , eBook providers for textbook-based quizzes and even crowdsourced giant Wikpedia , but none are offering the full package , the CEO says .
“ We think we can be the only platform that dynamically connects students to each other and their shared content in the process , while leveraging the exciting capabilities now possible thanks to fast-maturing web , mobile and social channels . ”
For more , find StudyBlue at home here .
By Jonathan Haidt and David Sloan Wilson
Imagine that a major league basketball team is bought by a hedge fund manager who is a firm believer in the value of competition . Not just competition across teams , but competition within teams . They implement a radical new policy : each player 's salary is determined exclusively by the number of points they score . Crazy , right ? Anyone can see that such a policy would ruin teamwork and destroy the team 's ability to compete with more cohesive teams .
Yet this is exactly what is now happening at Sears . Five years ago , Eddie Lampert , the chairperson of Sears Holdings after Sears merged with Kmart , reorganized the company so that each business unit functions like an autonomous company , with its own president , board of directors , and profit-and-loss statement . According to a recent profile of Lampert by Mina Kimes in Bloomberg Businessweek :
Lampert runs Sears like a hedge fund portfolio , with dozens of autonomous businesses competing for their attention and money . An outspoken advocate of free-market economics and fan of the novelist Ayn Rand , they created the model because they expected the invisible hand of the market to drive better results . If the company 's leaders were told to act selfishly , they argued , they would run their divisions in a rational manner , boosting overall performance .
The results have been disastrous , in part because Lampert was ideologically committed to the metaphor of the invisible hand and the associated idea that people are purely selfish . Ideology is a lens – it makes some things more visible , others less so . Lampert 's ideology prevented them from seeing that they were destroying the invisible band – the bond that forms around groups that can trust each other and work together toward shared goals . Evolution is a different lens – one that we believe brings unparalleled focus and resolution when examining complex human systems . A brief look through the evolutionary lens would have made it obvious how dysfunctional Lampert 's reorganization was likely to be .
Welcome to the Darwin 's Business blog , where we 'll analyze trends , news stories , and new ideas in the business world from an evolutionary perspective . Over the next few posts we 'll explain what it means to look through the lens of evolution , and we 'll say more about ourselves -- Jonathan Haidt and David Sloan Wilson . But the Lampert story is just so juicy that in this first post we want to jump back into it and show you how helpful evolutionary thinking can be .
Evolution is all about competition , and the dramatic effects that competition has on the structure and behavior of organisms over time . But here 's the key idea : competition occurs at multiple levels simultaneously , and the winner at any one level generally succeeds by suppressing destructive forms of competition at the level below . Just look at our cells : each one contains mitochondria , each of which has its own DNA because mitochondria used to be free-living organisms . But somehow , various bacteria-like organisms found a way to incorporate each other and cooperate , and the result was the eukaryotic cell , which spread like wildfire over a billion years ago because it was able to harvest the benefits of division of labor .
Eukaryotic cells then found a way to cooperate with each other to form multi-cellular animals and plants , which spread like wildfire because they too were able to reap the benefits of the division of labor : some cells became leg muscles ; others became adrenal glands or brain cells , and the diversified body was able to do things like run after other animals , kill them , and eat them .
But individual organisms are not the highest level of organization . In a few species – such as bees , ants , and humans – evolution created innovations that allow groups of thousands or millions of individuals to work together toward common goals and build gigantic corporate entities , such as beehives , ant nests , and… corporations such as Sears , which thrive and cover the earth because they reap the benefits of the division of labor .
This is the point that Lampert seems not to have grasped : cooperation and trust generate extraordinary value , yet they are fragile and easily undermined by competition at the next-lower level . It 's as though there 's an invisible band , which ties all the members together and motivates them to work for the common good . But if you tell everyone to be selfish and then you reward selfishness , the band dissolves and you lose the benefits of cooperation and division of labor .
Kimes describes how the culture of Sears changed in response to Lampert 's reorganization :
The divisions turned against each other—and Sears and Kmart , the overarching brands , suffered . Interviews with more than 40 former executives , many of whom sat at the highest levels of the company , paint a picture of a business that 's ravaged by infighting as its divisions battle over fewer resources… . [ one former executive said it created a ] “ warring tribes ” culture . “ If you were in a different business unit , we were in two competing companies , ” they say . “ Cooperation and collaboration are n't there . ”
For example , no division was willing to lose revenue to create loss-leaders , which would drive traffic into the store , thereby helping all divisions . Another example : the appliance division found it could make more profit from selling Samsung appliances than from selling Sears ' Kenmore brand , so they gave more and better floor space to Samsung .
So the next time someone suggests changing the organizational chart , incentives , or culture of your company to “ align incentives ” or appeal to selfish interests , ask them if they have thought about the full range of motives evolution has bequeathed to our complex species . People are not just selfish . It might make Ayn Rand roll over in their grave to put it this way , but corporations and capitalism depend on the invisible band , as well as the invisible hand .
For more about business from an evolutionary perspective , visit the BUSINESS section of the online evolution magazine This View of Life .
Brave Trials seems to be one worth checking out on Android . An action RPG with fast-paced combat , a vibrant world , great music , and over 120 skills makes it one of the top free games of the month . Fans of If there 's one genre the mobile market absolutely crushes dedicated handhelds in it 's MMOs . I 'm sure that 'll all change soon enough , but for now , mobiles take the cake , andseems to be one worth checking out on Android . An action RPG with fast-paced combat , a vibrant world , great music , and over 120 skills makes it one of the top free games of the month . Fans of Zenonia should enjoy this one .
Tower defense is tower defense is tower defense , but Toy Rush is also tower offense . The maze-building mode lets players design their own bases which they can then defend from their friends , as well as attack theirs with a unique cast of toy-based creatures , including sharks with top-hats , flying robot unicorns , and a puppet girl/giant bear combo ( have you seenr Tibbers ? ) . It 's all one could ask for and more in a good tower defense game .
Dawn of the Immortals looks like it could be a PC MMO from a few years back , which is a testament to both mobile tech and the developers . Perfect World Entertainment have been in the MMO sector for a while now and it shows . Dawn of the Immortals features real-time hack & slash combat , a pet system , mounts , and an auction house . It 's a great looking game and should be of interest to anyone looking for a mobile MMO .
Arcane Soul is a side-scrolling action RPG featuring vibrant spritework , intense combat , and oh so many combos . With 3 unique playable characters , there 's some definite replay value here . This is the first game under the publisher 's belt and it 's a solid foray into mobile gaming . Arcane Soul is a very well put together package that fans of Vanillaware will love .
While not as technically or visually impressive as many of the other games on this list , Finger vs Axes deserves a mention for utilizing mobile hardware in a unique way . In this game the player is the literal enemy to the in-game baddies . Finger vs Axes has enemies attacking the player 's finger as it moves around screen utilizing various weapons to retaliate . It 's simply silly fun .
July | September Until the technological singularity irreversibly improves our species , I 'm only human , so leave a comment if you disagree with my fallible subjectivity . That 's all for this month , check back at the exhaust-end of September for another 5 free Android games worth playing .
Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson
Investment bankers are among the least reflective of financial birds . They deal with the problem at hand without asking too many questions about how it got there . One of their favorite trills is , “ It is what it is. ” So it 's no surprise that On the Brink : Inside the Race to Stop the Collapse of the Global Financial System , the memoir of Henry Paulson , the avid bird-watcher and former Goldman Sachs chief executive who served as Treasury secretary for 30 turbulent months , does n't contain much second-guessing or navel-gazing . “ I 'm a straightforward person . I like to be direct with people , ” they tell us . Their first-person account of the epic financial collapse is just that—straightforward and direct . Shorn of anonymous , unsourced dish , it nonetheless offers plenty of excellent color and detail .
Paulson reveals that he 's prone to dry heaves when he 's under pressure . And be forewarned : Reliving the epic , wholesale failure of the financial system and the nauseating bailouts can trigger a gag reflex . Paulson was in an unenviable position . The Bush administration was on its last legs , the economy was in recession , and the global financial system melted down smack in the middle of a torrid campaign season . Working with Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke — ” an incredible stand up guy ” —and the cool , calm and collected president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , Tim Geithner , Paulson stitched together the guarantees , bailouts , and backstops that helped cushion the fall .
Paulson offers a brief glimpse of their compelling background : farm boy , Dartmouth offensive lineman , young aide in the Nixon White House and hard-charging Goldman Sachs banker . In some ways , Paulson was an odd fit for New York 's most august investment bank . He 's a birder , not a golfer ; they do n't use a BlackBerry ; he 's an earnest Christian Scientist and an inconspicuous consumer . The Paulsons have had the same toaster oven for 40 years . ( He neglects to mention the $ 500 million in Goldman Sachs stock they sold upon assuming office at the treasury in the spring of 2006 . )
As a condition of accepting the job , Paulson demanded to be President George W. Bush 's chief economic spokesperson . But Paulson , a halting public speaker , was n't particularly good at constructing narratives about what was happening in the economy—leaving the public and their boss continually shocked at the succession of failures . In late April 2007 , they said subprime mortgage problems were “ largely contained. ” In March 2008 , as Bear Stearns was about to implode , Bush asked : “ We 're not going to do a bailout , are we ? ” The response : “ I told them I was n't predicting one and it was the last thing in the world I wanted . ”
When the bailouts began , Paulson took charge , acting as investment banker in chief . They personally replaced the management of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and put the government 's credit behind the faltering mortgage agencies . “ We had , I thought , just saved the country—and the world from financial catastrophe , ” they write .
But just as one crazy caper ended , a new one was about to begin . The reason : The Wall Street banks were royal screw-ups . Without passing judgment on them—these were members of their former fraternity—Paulson treats us to a parade of big shots asking the government to save their banks from their own incompetence . Here 's Chuck Prince , Citigroup 's hapless chief executive , at a dinner in June 2007 : “ Is n't there something you can do to order us not to take all of these risks ? ” Lehman Bros. chief executive Richard Fuld calls from India to ask if Paulson can get them flyover rights from Russia to get home more quickly . Then on the day before Lehman Bros. went bankrupt , Fuld pleads : “ Hank , you have to figure something out. ” John Mack of Morgan Stanley begs : “ Hank , the SEC needs to act before the short sellers destroy Morgan Stanley. ” On the Brink will do little to dispel the notion , which Paulson acknowledges , that some Republicans believe them to be a closet Democrat . Their wife , Wendy , held a fundraiser for their fellow Wellesley classmate , Hillary Rodham Clinton , in 2000 , and the Paulsons are big-time tree-huggers . Their mother , a once-staunch Republican , had so soured on Bush that they urged their son not to take a job in their administration . Paulson love-bombs Barney Frank as “ scary-smart , ready with a quip , and usually a pleasure to work with , ” praises Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and notes that then-Sen. Barack Obama was “ always well informed , well briefed , and self-confident . ”
But while Bush ( “ admirably stalwart ” ) comes in for similar praise , Paulson has little positive to say about other Republicans . Sarah Palin annoyed them from the get-go . When they spoke to House Republicans about efforts to help Fannie and Freddie , they were chagrined that many responded with speeches about ACORN , the low-income housing activist group . House Minority Leader John Boehner was ineffectual . John McCain comes off worst of all : impulsive , ill-informed , and counterproductive . “ This was crazy , ” Paulson writes of McCain 's decision to suspend their campaign in late September 2008 and demand a White House meeting on the bailout . At the climactic meeting in the Cabinet room , Obama spoke for the Democrats , delivering a “ thoughtful , well-prepared presentation. ” But McCain ? “ When it came right down to it , they had little to say in the forum they themselves had called . ”
Thanks largely to Republican recalcitrance , the $ 700 billion legislation authorizing the bank bailout was one deal Paulson could n't close . To get the job done , the former lineman was ultimately forced to hand the ball to White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten .
As the narrative lurches from crisis to crisis—TARP , AIG , GM—the reader , and Bush , are continually presented with bailout moves as unavoidable faits accomplis . Bush was “ visibly shocked ” when Paulson told them in November 2008 that Citigroup was in big trouble . “ I thought the programs we put in place had stabilized the banks , ” the president said .
The main problem with this fast-paced book was the main problem with Paulson 's tenure—a surprising inability to see the big picture . And as tough as they are on congressional Republicans , Paulson lets some people off much too easy . If many smart , highly regarded people had simply carried out their responsibilities with a bit more diligence—Bernanke , SEC Chairman Christopher Cox , Wall Street bankers—much of the catastrophe could have been avoided . “ As first responders to an unprecedented crisis that threatened the destruction of the modern financial system , we had little choice , ” Paulson writes . But the first responders assembled the bonfire and helped light it . Paulson was among the Wall Street chief executives who , in 2004 , lobbied the SEC to allow them to use much larger amounts of debt—a move that set the stage for the debacles of Bear Stearns and Lehman .
Finally , given that Paulson knew this culture from the inside , it 's disappointing that they do n't reflect more on Wall Street 's pathological need for compensation , on its pathetic leadership and corporate governance . But this is to be expected . Investment bankers look forward , not backward . So , largely , does this engaging , well-written narrative . It is what it is .
Austin and its city government are not perfect , but they both deserve some respect .
That seems to be the gist of the 2016 Year in Review recently released by the city manager .
“ I often feel like the unforgiving pace of ‘ what 's next ' blurs our view of the vast list of achievements and progress we 've made , ” wrote Interim City Manager Elaine Hart in the introduction to the report . “ That 's why this report is so important . It gives us a moment to pause and celebrate the work of our employees . ”
The 36-page report kicks off with selected results of the 2016 Community Survey of Austin residents . The poll , which was conducted by ETC Institute , a Kansas-based firm that provides consulting services to local governments , showed that Austinites gave their city and their city services good marks in a number of areas , such as police , fire , parks , libraries and safety .
Notably , Austinites are far more likely to give their services high marks than residents of other cities surveyed by ETC . The report makes a point of this , comparing Austin 's ratings to those of 30 other cities with populations of at least 250,000 .
However , the report only included issues that Austin performs well on – or at least better on than other large cities .
Conspicuously absent was any mention of the city 's infamous traffic problems , even though the survey , which was released in February , showed that Austinites considered traffic management to be by far the most important priority for local government .
Following the survey results is a lengthy list of accolades that have been conferred on the city by various national publications .
While Gov . Greg Abbott describes Austin as a socialist republic where not even the whiff of freedom persists , a number of outlets gave Texas ' capital city rave reviews for its business climate . CNBC called it the best place to start a business , while American City Business Journals named it the number one city for small businesses , the Kauffman Index called it the best city for startups and NerdWallet declared it the best place for “ young entrepreneurs . ”
In a statement to the Austin Monitor , the Austin Chamber of Commerce described the area as “ one of the best regions for entrepreneurs to create jobs , find talent , investors and mentors for small , high-growth businesses ” but cautioned that city government faces a challenge to “ keep Austin affordable ” by keeping down taxes and the cost of housing .
Austin was also rated second on U.S. News & World Report 's “ Best Places to Live ” and was included on CareerCast.com 's list of cities that provide the “ Best Bang for Your Buck . ”
While the city 's rapidly growing population suggests that plenty of people concur with those rosy assessments , it is not hard to find others who have concluded otherwise .
“ The people who clean our houses , serve our coffee , take care of our kids , clean our laundry , we 're pushing them outside of the city , ” said Ruby Roa , a longtime advocate for low-income Austinites . “ Not even ( all ) city employees are making $ 22 an hour and that 's what it takes to live in Austin . ”
Another longtime activist , former Texas Monthly publisher Mike Levy , described the report as “ puffery ” and “ spin. ” They suggested a number of questions the city could ask residents that would elicit far less flattering responses , particularly regarding cost of living .
City Council Member Delia Garza said they had mixed feelings about the report . While it is important to celebrate Austin 's successes as well as the hard work of city employees , they said , many of their constituents in Southeast Austin do n't share the optimistic outlook of the city conveyed by the report .
“ Many born-and-raised Austinites , ” they said , “ feel that their children will not be able to call Austin home . ”
Photo by Stuart Seeger made available through a Creative Commons license .
The Austin Monitor 's work is made possible by donations from the community . Though our reporting covers donors from time to time , we are careful to keep business and editorial efforts separate while maintaining transparency . A complete list of donors is available here , and our code of ethics is explained here .
‹ Return to Today 's Headlines
Read the latest Whispers ›
US House of Representatives : Internet pirates
TorrentFreak continues to crawl through YouHaveDownloaded , a database of IPs that have been logged by a BitTorrent-spying tool run by some folks in Russia . They 've already revealed the downloading habits of the RIAA and DHS as well as the behavior detected at Nicholas Sarkozy 's official residence , and now they 're publishing stats on the US House of Representatives .
The House , of course , has been mired in Internet controversy since Rep Lamar Smith introduced their Stop Online Piracy Act , which establishes a regime of national censorship in the name of fighting copyright infringement . So it is with some amusement that TorrentFreak points out that more than 800 of the IP addresses assigned to the House of Reps were involved in copyright infringement over BitTorrent , according to the YHD database . There 's a big trove of self-help books in there , with titles like `` Crucial Conversations- Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High , '' and who knows , maybe that 's what Mr Smith was reading when they decided to sell out America to Hollywood ?
Something that immediately caught our eye are the self-help books that are downloaded in the House . “ Crucial Conversations- Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High , ” for example , may indeed be of interest to the political elite in the United States . And “ How to Answer Hard Interview Questions And Everything Else You Need to Know to Get the Job You Want ” may be helpful for those who aspire to higher positions . Books tend to be popular in the House because we found quite a few more , including “ Do Not Open – An Encyclopedia of the World 's Best-Kept Secrets ” and “ How Things Work Encyclopedia ” . But of course the people at the heart of democracy are also downloading familiar content such as Windows 7 , popular TV-shows and movies . And there was another category we ran into more than we would have wanted too . It appears that aside from self-help books , House employees are also into adult themed self-help videos . We 'll list one of the least explicit here below , but that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
As for me , I 'm just shocked ( and a little bit heartened , to be honest ) to learn that there 's someone in the House who knows how to use the Internet .
While Drafting SOPA , the U.S. House Harbors BitTorrent Pirates
NETWORK FINALS : OLYMPICS coverage increased by 0.1 to 10.0 in final numbers . In addition , MADTV lost 0.1 .
Broadcast Official Nationals Program Ratings Chart
CABLE HIGHLIGHTS : OWN and USA switched slots from last Tuesday 's cable ratings , with OWN 's THE HAVES AND HAVE NOTS on top , down 0.04 to 0.85 , and USA 's WWE SMACKDOWN below , down 0.12 to 0.81 . RIO SUMMER OLYMPICS coverage was led by the NBC Sports Net evening telecast at 0.66 , with CNBC at 0.30 , USA at 0.13 , and Bravo at 0.12 . On Freeform , PRETTY LITTLE LIARS rose 0.06 to 0.60 , and DEAD OF SUMMER was down 0.06 to 0.17 . The season finale of TNT 's ANIMAL KINGDOM was up 0.02 to 0.46 . Comedy Central had a pair of season finales : TOSH.0 up a hundredth to 0.37 , and NOT SAFE WITH NIKKI GLASER down 0.03 to 0.21 . Cartoon Network 's hit STEVEN UNIVERSE kept that network in the Top 10 with 0.37 . A & E 's MARRIED AT FIRST SIGHT gained 0.06 to 0.37 , while BORN THIS WAY fell 0.06 to 0.21 . On History , a pair of COUNTING CARS episodes were at 0.35/0.33 compared to last week 's 0.41/0.36 , and BIG EASY MOTORS was at 0.26/0.23 compared to 0.33/0.33 . Food Network 's CHOPPED was at 0.31 , and CHOPPED JR was steady at 0.26 , with CHOPPED AFTER HOURS down 0.05 to 0.26 . The season premiere of HBO 's HARD KNOCKS was at 0.30 . MTV 's SCREAM was up 0.03 to 0.18 . On BET , MUSIC MOGULS lost 0.03 to 0.12 .
Top 50 Original Cable Telecasts with Demographic Detail
Top 150 Original Cable Telecasts
To search for a show : type Ctrl-F and type your show title in the search box .
# # #
James Martin/CNET
HP said today it will discontinue its WebOS operations as the company cut its outlook for the next two quarters . The company will also acquire Autonomy , an enterprise information retrieval outfit .
The company said it will discontinue operations for WebOS devices , specifically the TouchPad and WebOS phones . In April 2010 , HP talked about doubling down on Palm and the WebOS . And that WebOS unit will cost HP some dough to discontinue . HP will also spin off its PC unit .
HP said that it will take a hit to fiscal 2011 earnings of $ 1.16 a share to $ 1.23 a share as it restructures and shuts down WebOS devices and related operations . There were signs that TouchPad sales were bleak , but a complete shutdown of WebOS operations was unexpected .
HP 's statement held a bevy of items for customers and shareholders to ponder . First , HP 's customers -- and anyone who bought a TouchPad -- wonder what the potential sale or discontinuation of the unit will mean . Shareholders have to consider the spinoff of the PC unit as well as a lower-than-expected outlook for the rest of the year . On a conference call with analysts , HP CEO Leo Apotheker said :
Transformation can involve difficult decisions , but we take these steps to better position for the future . These challenges and the transformation we are undertaking will take several quarters to fully resolve . I do n't take this action lightly . I know our investors do n't like being in this position and neither do I. I feel that as CEO I believe in transparency about what we are facing and be clear under the size of things we are doing now about it . To conclude , I 'm taking ownership for these decisions and investments with a focus on driving actions that deliver value for shareholders as we shape the new HP .
HP said that its third-quarter revenue will be $ 31.2 billion with earnings of 93 cents a share . Non-GAAP earnings will be $ 1.10 a share . Wall Street was looking for earnings of $ 1.09 a share on revenue of $ 31.17 billion .
Overall , the third-quarter results were the least of HP 's worries . The company said its fourth-quarter revenue will be $ 32.1 billion to $ 32.5 billion . Non-GAAP earnings will be $ 1.12 a share to $ 1.16 a share . Wall Street was looking for $ 1.31 a share on revenue of $ 33.99 billion .
The guidance indicates that HP is seeing material weakness and having a tougher time navigating economic uncertainty relative to rivals like Dell . HP also confirmed that it is in talks to buy software maker Autonomy , which is based in the U.K .
Remaking HP
HP 's move to shed the PC business as well as discontinue the TouchPad has its risks . For starters , HP will take a reputation hit for launching a TouchPad and then killing it .
In a statement , HP said it will seek `` strategic alternatives '' for its Personal Systems Group ( PSG ) , including a full or partial spinoff .
The real kicker is that HP is going to discontinue its WebOS phones . It will `` continue to explore options to optimize the value of WebOS software going forward . ''
There are two ways to look at HP 's moves today . On one hand , HP is making bold moves before the PC and WebOS operations become an anchor for the company . On the other , HP 's business is struggling and it has disappointed Wall Street since the end of Mark Hurd 's tenure .
Meanwhile , a bevy of IT insiders have questioned HP 's potential Autonomy acquisition . HP said that it will acquire Autonomy for $ 42 a share in cash , or $ 10 billion .
Apotheker said that the acquisition of Autonomy represents a shift into higher-margin businesses . HP is now positioning itself as an information management company . Apotheker took heat from analysts over the Autonomy price tag . Apotheker said :
`` Autonomy represents an opportunity for HP for us to accelerate our vision to decisively and profitably lead a larger win space which is the enterprise information management space , '' Apotheker said .
Add it up and HP is aiming to exit the consumer business -- or at least quarantine those operations -- to focus on the more lucrative software , systems , and services business . If HP is successful , it will look more like IBM when finished . The problem for HP is that IBM is firing on all cylinders . The consumer unit -- whether it 's shed , sold , or spun off -- will be left to battle Apple .
HP shares took a hit in regular and extended-hour trading .
HP said its fiscal 2011 revenue will be in the $ 127.2 billion to $ 127.6 billion range . That 's down from the previous sales range of $ 129 billion to $ 130 billion . Non-GAAP earnings will be $ 4.82 a share to $ 4.86 a share . That range is down from at least $ 5 a share . GAAP earnings for fiscal 2011 will be $ 3.59 to $ 3.70 a share .
Wall Street was looking for fiscal 2011 earnings of $ 5.01 a share on revenue of $ 129.1 billion .
Those non-GAAP earnings exclude charges related to exiting the WebOS operations .
Hewlett-Packard
Business unit results
HP 's business group results highlight the strain of the consumer business . HP 's services revenue was up 4 percent ; the enterprise server , storage , and networking unit saw sales gains of 7 percent for the quarter . Meanwhile , software revenue jumped 20 percent from a year ago .
However , HP 's personal systems group had a revenue decline of 1 percent , and imaging and printing also fell at the same clip .
Based on the business unit results , HP 's PC unit held up well and delivered $ 567 million in operating income .
FUD time
As HP goes through this transition , it will face a fear , uncertainty , and doubt ( FUD ) war with its rivals . HP is fighting a multifront war . On the enterprise side , Cisco , IBM , Dell , and Oracle are chief rivals . On the consumer side , HP faces Apple and Google 's Android army .
Michael Dell , CEO of Dell , kicked off the festivities quickly .
Here 's their tweet :
Twitter ; screenshot by Larry Dignan/ZDNet
Competitors are likely to take aim at HP on multiple fronts and portray the company as distracted . Look for IBM and Dell to target HP 's server position . Cisco will look for retribution after quarters of HP targeting the networking giant 's core switch products . On the corporate PC side of the equation , Lenovo and Dell will aim for a bigger chunk of the upgrade cycle .
Separately , HP named a new head for its enterprise services unit . John Visentin will lead the HP Enterprise Services unit .
On the consumer side , the reputation hit to HP ca n't be underestimated . HP will have to smooth over relationships with retail partners , resellers , and consumers who may have taken the TouchPad plunge . On the software side , HP 's hasty retreat on WebOS will be remembered by developers . These developers are likely to be skeptical about HP 's commitment to other efforts such as the public cloud .
Bottom line : consumers and corporations will have doubts about HP and its intentions amid a potential spinoff of the PC business .
Questions abound
Going forward , HP will have to face multiple questions . Among the larger questions :
How much time will CEO Leo Apotheker really have to pull off their Lou Gerstner imitation ? Gerstner ditched IBM 's low-margin businesses and remade the company , but that process took nearly a decade .
What market share hit will HP see in PCs ?
Will concerns about distractions bleed over into HP 's core enterprise business ?
What will happen to HP 's plans revolving around cloud computing ?
Will buyers emerge for the PC unit ?
And what 's the future of the WebOS going forward ? Can a company buy it and make something of the operating system ?
This story initially appeared on ZDNet 's Between the Lines .
Correction at 1:15 p.m. : This story initially reported an incorrect figure for HP 's non-GAAP earnings for the third quarter . They are $ 1.10 a share .
One of the largest American retailers Target has confirmed that a massive breach of security involving the credit card details of up to 40 million Target customers took place between the end of November and the middle of December .
The breach was thought to have begun around Black Friday , on November 27th and was only brought to a close on December 15th .
“ We take this matter very seriously and are working with law enforcement to bring those responsible to justice , ” Target chairperson , Gregg Steinhafel stated .
On Wednesday evening , the Secret Service announced they were looking into the matter .
“ The Secret Service will confirm it is investigating the incident at Target , ” security spokesperson Brian Leary told USA Today .
The Target security breaches purportedly involved the stealing of information from the magnetic strip on the back of credit and debit cards through point-of-sale systems .
The systems , used by Target and thousands of other stores across America to process card transactions , are an optimum target for cybercriminals , and they are often thought to involve company employees . The complicit worker would have to insert malware into the computer system processing the sales , or could have been encouraged to click a link which resulted in the downloading of malware .
Target has over 1,800 stores across the US and Canada .
Similar security breaches have been seen across the US this year , with 63 Barnes and Noble stores nationwide falling subject to attack , causing the chain to switch off all 7,000 keypads in its several hundred stores .
Mike Donovan , Global Focus Group Leader for security company Beazley Breach Response , told USA Today that the problem was widespread across all company sizes . “ You see the stories about the big ones in the news , but breaches are affecting companies all across the board , ” they said .
“ Any company that handles personal data is vulnerable , ” Donovan said .
The security breach was first reported by Brian Krebs , a security blogger , on December 13th .
They cited “ multiple [ unnamed ] reliable sources ” at two different top 10 credit card issuers - nearly a week before Target confirmed the security breach themselves .
Krebs quoted one of them as saying “ We ca n't say for sure that all stores were impacted , but we do see customers all over the U.S. that were victimized . ”
Written by Greg Otto
( Credit : Ben Stassen/Flickr )
BlackBerry 's Chief Operating Officer Marty Beard said the comments by a former NSA lawyer that the company 's demise is based on its encryption philosophy do n't “ make any sense . ”
Beard responded to the claims at FedScoop 's FedTalks event Thursday after giving a talk on digitally protecting critical government assets .
BlackBerry COO Marty Beard speaks at FedScoop 's FedTalks Thursday . ( Credit : Jake Williams/FedScoop )
“ Security is a topic that 's increasing in importance , ” Beard said . “ It 's the reason that all G7 countries and the G20 work with BlackBerry . ”
At a Web summit in Dublin , Ireland , former NSA lawyer Stewart Baker claimed that BlackBerry 's struggles in the mobile marketplace were due to its encryption efforts and that Apple and Google would follow BlackBerry 's path by including encryption on its mobile devices .
“ BlackBerry pioneered the same business model that Google and Apple are doing now , ” Baker told a Guardian UK editor . “ That has not ended well for BlackBerry . ”
“ I would take a completely opposite view from that comment , ” Beard told FedScoop . “ We just see it growing in importance . The increasing cybersecurity threats are exploding , security across all [ technology ] layers is critical . ”
Beard also talked about the company 's restructuring Thursday , including the fact the company increased its cash on hand for the “ first time in many , many quarters , ” eliminated $ 2 billion in operating expenses over the last 12 months , and renewed its focus on regulated industries , such as government . Beard also highlighted a Security Technical Implementation Guide approval from the Defense Information Systems Agency for its mobile device management suite .
“ Government has always been , far and away , our largest regulated industry that we focus on , ” Beard said during their keynote . “ And the reason in security . ”
Columnist
Nearly every claim Republicans are using to market their tax plan is at best a distortion , at worst a deliberate falsehood .
Which raises the question : If their plan is really so great , why not sell it on the merits ?
Consider just a few of the Republicans ' key talking points and their tenuous relationship to reality .
1 . The tax cuts will pay for themselves .
Republicans claim that tax cuts will unleash boundless economic growth . Through that growth , we 'll all become richer . And as our incomes rise , tax revenue will , too . Hence , the tax cuts will be free .
Some Republicans even argue that the bill is so pro-growth that it will reduce the federal debt .
`` If we pass this tax reform package in something like its current form , we will reduce the size of the deficits , '' Sen. Patrick J. Toomey ( R-Pa. ) , erstwhile budget hawk , said on `` Meet the Press '' on Sunday . `` We will have smaller debt than we otherwise would . ''
Despite searching high and low , however , Republicans have been unable to locate any credible tax outfit that thinks their proposals will do anything other than lose money .
Republicans ' solution : Just lie about what the experts say !
In that same interview , Toomey cited a Tax Foundation report they claimed showed that the Senate bill would reduce deficits once you accounted for growth .
The Tax Foundation , a center-right think tank , uses relatively optimistic assumptions about the economic effects of tax cuts . But even its analysts determined the bill would increase deficits by a half-trillion dollars over the next decade .
2 . The tax plan primarily helps the middle class .
Nope . The biggest benefits go to higher-­income Americans , both in raw dollar terms and as a percentage of income , as New York University School of Law tax professor David C. Kamin has illustrated .
To give you a sense of scale : Under the Senate bill , households making more than $ 1 million receive an average tax cut of nearly $ 50,000 in 2027 ; those making $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 get an average cut of $ 480 .
Averages also disguise a lot . Lots of lower- and middle-income families wo n't benefit at all . Many will be worse off .
Under both the Senate and House bills , nearly half of households making less than $ 100,000 will see either a negligible tax change or even a tax hike in 2019 , according to calculations from Martin Sullivan , chief economist at Tax Analysts . By 2027 , that share rises to 61 percent under the House bill , which phases down some of the provisions that help middle-class families .
Things look even worse for this population when you recall that deficit- ­financed tax cuts must eventually be paid for somehow . `` Somehow '' likely includes cuts to government spending , which disproportionately benefits lower- and middle-income families .
3.The bill will hurt President Trump .
To be clear , we do n't know precisely what either bill would do to their taxes , because Trump wo n't release their returns . But based on what we do know , it 's safe to say they and their family stand to benefit yooge-ly .
For example , both the Senate and House tax bills would repeal the alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) , which cost Trump tens of millions of dollars in the most recent ( leaked ) tax return we have , from 2005 . Both bills offer big tax cuts for income from `` pass-through '' corporations — such as the Trump Organization . And both bills would either kill or scale back estate taxes , allowing Trump 's kids to inherit their fortune tax-free .
4 . This will be the biggest tax cut in history .
Arguably , the biggest tax cut ever was in 1872 , according to Tax History Project Director Joseph Thorndike . That 's when Congress decided to get rid of income taxes entirely .
If you think going back 145 years is unfair , note that it 's also not the biggest tax cut in the past 100 years . Or the past 50 .
In fact , it 's not even the biggest tax cut in the past five years , in either inflation-adjusted dollar terms or as a share of gross domestic product , according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
5 . The economy desperately needs a big tax cut .
Lots of headline measures , such as unemployment , suggest the economy is doing well . The time for deficit-financed stimulus is when the economy is in recession , not one of the longest expansions on record . Otherwise we 'll have no powder left in the keg when the economy actually needs it .
So : Why all the falsehoods ? Why not just sell their tax agenda on the merits ?
Presumably because Trump and Republican lawmakers know they 're offering a plan the public does n't want . Ergo , they need to promise things the tax plan does n't do .
A bill signed in to the law by President Barack Obama grants certain U.S. astronauts `` full ownership rights '' to their space artifacts .
America 's early space pioneers and moon voyagers have now been confirmed as the legal owners of the equipment and spacecraft parts they saved as souvenirs from their missions .
President Barack Obama on Tuesday ( Sept. 25 ) signed a bill into law granting NASA 's Mercury , Gemini , and Apollo crew members `` full ownership rights '' to the artifacts they received and retained more than 40 years ago .
The legislation ( H.R . 4158 ) was authored in response to recent challenges raised by NASA 's General Counsel and Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) over the attempted sale by several astronauts of their mementos . The issue came to a head in January after an inquiry by the space agency put a hold on the almost $ 400,000 auction of a checklist used by Apollo 13 commander James Lovell .
The bill clarifies what NASA Administrator Charles Bolden described as `` fundamental misunderstandings and unclear policies . ''
`` NASA is pleased ownership of flight mementos and other artifacts of the Mercury , Gemini and Apollo astronauts is no longer in question , '' NASA spokesperson Robert Jacobs said in a statement issued on Wednesday ( Sept. 26 ) . `` We appreciate the expeditious consideration by Congress to clarify ownership of these mementos and the patience of the astronauts , museums , learning institutions , and others who have these artifacts [ from ] the astronauts in personal and private collections . '' [ NASA 's 17 Apollo Moon Missions in Pictures ]
A checklist used by Apollo 13 commander James Lovell to power-up the “ lifeboat ” lunar module that saved their and their crewmates lives sold on Nov. 30 , 2011 for $ 388,375 at an auction in Dallas , Texas ( Image : © Heritage Auction Galleries )
`` This bill seeks to eliminate any further ambiguity about Apollo-era artifacts that were received by the astronauts . It simply says that astronauts who flew through the end of the Apollo program will be granted full right of ownership of any artifacts received from their missions , '' Congressman Ralph Hall ( R-TX ) , chair of the House of Representatives ' Science , Space and Technology Committee , said .
Hall , joined by ranking committee member Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D-TX ) , introduced the bill in March . It was passed by the House Sept. 19 . The Senate approved the bill three days later during the pre-dawn hours of Sept. 22 , prior to leaving on recess .
The question behind the legislation , if astronauts hold the rights to expendable space equipment — including their checklists , personal hygiene kits , and items that , had they been left aboard the Apollo lunar module would have been crashed into the moon — had gone largely uncontested by NASA until last year .
Then , in a series of challenges , including a lawsuit brought against Edgar Mitchell , who was the sixth man to walk on the moon , NASA counsel began to insist that if paperwork could n't be produced documenting that the equipment had been released to the astronaut , then it was not legally theirs to own , donate or sell .
In Mitchell 's case , the government sought the return of the data acquisition camera ( DAC ) that they saved from being destroyed on the moon . Ultimately , Mitchell settled out of court , agreeing to turn the camera over to the Smithsonian for its display .
NASA 's General Counsel then raised questions about the title to artifacts sold in January by a Dallas auction house on behalf of James Lovell and Apollo 9 spacewalker Rusty Schweickart . One item in particular , a checklist that had been used to reconfigure the lunar module into a lifeboat on the periled Apollo 13 mission , made headlines after it sold for a record-setting $ 388,375 .
Heritage Auction Galleries put the sale on hold after NASA challenged the astronauts ' ownership . In response , Lovell , Schweickart and other Apollo astronauts met with Bolden at NASA Headquarters in Washington , D.C. to defend their `` good faith '' actions .
The astronauts maintainedthat their managers had given them permission to keep the equipment at the time of their flights , but as the focus was on flying the missions , there was little , if any documentation produced in support of the equipment being transferred to their property .
In the years since they flew , the astronauts donated many of the artifacts to museums and organizations , as well as sold items to collectors , which were at potential jeopardy if the legislation had not been passed .
Certain astronauts , certain artifacts
The bill , which in its final form is about a third the length of this article , succinctly defines what type of items are to be considered artifacts and which astronauts are now granted ownership rights .
The legislation establishes the applicable artifacts as any equipment that was `` not expressly required to be returned '' to NASA at the completion of the mission , whether it was meant to be disposable , like a toothbruth , or was intended to be discarded on the moon , such as Mitchell 's camera .
The bill does n't apply to the mementos astronauts brought from Earth to fly as souvenirs in their personal preference kits , and it explicitly excludes `` lunar rocks and other lunar material . ''
Nor are artifacts or astronauts from later space programs , like the shuttle or International Space Station , eligible . The bill limits its protections to the crew members of missions that launched between the first U.S. manned spaceflight , Mercury-Redstone 3 , and the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project in 1975 . [ 9 Weird Things Flown on Space Shuttles ]
Separate NASA policies , established in 1999 , govern the use of equipment as mementos on the space shuttle and space station . It remains unclear what status now applies to astronauts and artifacts from the shuttle missions flown between 1981 and 1998 .
Follow collectSPACE on Facebook and Twitter @ collectSPACE and editor Robert Pearlman @ robertpearlman . Copyright 2012 collectSPACE.com . All rights reserved .
Jean-Claude Juncker said Britain must accept EU rules on free movement if it wanted access to the single market wu hong/EPA
Britain will have to accept EU rules including free movement “ without exception or nuance ” if it wants to retain full access to the single market , Jean-Claude Juncker has said .
The European Commission president 's comments are a setback to hopes that Britain might be able to retain free trade with EU member states while imposing some restrictions on European immigration .
They said that their position remained the same as the day after the Brexit vote : “ No access to the internal market if you do not accept the rules — without exception or nuance — that make up the internal market system . ”
They echo comments by President Hollande of France after talks with Theresa May last week that Britain has a choice : “ To remain in the single…
EPISODE TRANSCRIPT
James : What was the first football video game you ever played ?
Iain : I think the very first one was the original Kevin Toms Football Manager .
Rory : I guess I started playing Actua Soccer…
Mike : It was Dino Dini 's Soccer , I believe . On the Sega Megadrive .
--
James : I 'm James Parkinson and this is By Association , a show about football and the connection we all share with the beautiful game .
Football video games go back some way , from early titles like Kick Off and Match Day in the 1980s to Sensible Soccer , Ultimate Soccer and the arcade classic , Virtua Striker in the 90s . They all had great names back then .
These days , it 's FIFA from EA Sports and Konami 's Pro Evolution Soccer or simply , PES that dominate the gaming landscape - but both made their beginnings in the 1990s as well .
For me , the first football game I ever played was International Superstar Soccer , precursor to the Pro Evo series .
Looking back , the gameplay was stiff and the commentary was robotic and repetitive but I 'd play it for hours on the weekends . Growing up in Australia in the 90s , my exposure to the world game was limited but I suspect that football video games were a contributing factor to my growing fascination with the sport .
Rory : It 's a gateway drug for people and it 's a way to feed an addiction as well . So , I still play FIFA now and my wife finds that incredibly strange that I should want to , having thought about football all day for work , that I should want to come home and my way of decompressing is to spend half an hour or an hour playing a football game . They find that completely baffling . And their view is that there 's enough football in my life and I do n't need to kind of add to it unnecessarily .
James : This is Rory Smith .
Rory : Chief Soccer Correspondent for the New York Times .
James : Do you think video games have have an ability to attract people to football and become fans of the sport ? Particularly young kids that get exposed to the games before the real life version ?
Rory : Yep , absolutely , without a shadow of doubt . I think particularly in the States , I think that 's been a huge thing and I would imagine it 's been a significant factor in Australia as well . That in , how do you put it ? Football 's developing world , in countries where it 's not necessarily the dominant sporting option . I think , particularly things like Pro Evo and FIFA have been important in drawing kids in because it 's a much more - well it 's much shorter , that 's important . It 's much more action packed , a football video game , rather than an actual 90 minute match . It 's probably more easily available in a lot of situations . I think it 's been hugely important in forming fans for the last , what , 25 years I guess ? So yeah , it is a gateway drug as well as a way to feed an addiction .
--
James : The role of video games in football fan culture has grown significantly over the years . This is perhaps partly due to the way the games themselves have evolved with technology .
Rory : The level of realism is incredibly high now . And that applies obviously to the console games in terms of the on-pitch action , making it as realistic a simulation of football as possible whilst still retaining , kind of , the fun element .
James : But even the older games can be just as addictive . So , what keeps players coming back ?
Mike : For me I think it 's just to past time , because obviously it 's one game a week , maybe two games a week for your club but you got ta do something in between . I think , going back to the nostalgia point , it 's literally , it 's the one more game and you just do n't want to stop playing .
James : That 's Mike Harvey , founder of the PES fansite , Only Pro Evolutions .
Mike : I mean , you 're not gon na play football professionally so you 'll do the next best thing . Although that sounds a little bit sad .
Rory : It enables you to play out your fantasy , I guess . It 's a story that you build yourself in this imaginary world .
James : Anyone who 's played career modes , like Pro Evo 's Master League , can probably relate . The idea of playing out your football fantasies , like taking a minnow club to the heights of the Champions League , taps into something that all fans can relate to .
But there 's another football game that maybe illustrates this even more .
--
James : For years , the Football Manager series has captured the imagination of fans like no other computer game .
Iain : You wan na be a part of it and with the management games , you 're creating your own world that you can obviously be a major part of . It becomes something much more in your own head .
James : This is Iain Macintosh .
Iain : Hello ! I 'm Iain Macintosh and I 'm a football writer .
When I co-wrote the book , Football Manager Stole My Life , I spoke to a psychologist - or a psycyatrist , I can never remember which ones which . Anyways , very very clever . And they talked about the nature of addiction . And they said addiction is just addiction . It 's doing a thing to get a thing .
You play Football Manager , you want to win a game , you want to have that feeling that you 've won a game - and then you want to play another game because you want that feeling back . So there 's absolutely no difference in the nature of addiction .
But one thing that does sort of change with people is how they conduct themselves in the game .
Now with me , I 'm always fiercely meticulous . I like to manage the youth team , the reserve team , I want to do the training , I want to set up scouting routines . And yet , in real life I 'm not perhaps as organised as I should be .
They said that the way I played Football Manager is perhaps a kind of subconscious yearning to be the person I want to be , by being this super organised micro manager . With other people , they will play and be successful then immediately move clubs , try and take a bigger job , take a bigger job , take a bigger job . And maybe they 're searching for something as well . It was all fascinating and a bit scary .
James : Has playing management games ever impacted your real life ?
Iain : I think there 's been plenty of occasions . Certainly , university . My third year at university was a bit of a disaster and ended up with me not getting a degree . But on the flip side , I won the UEFA Cup with South End United so who 's laughing now ?
The point where you realise you 're too deep is when you 're actually doing press conferences in your head . That was always the point where you realised you had a problem . I would have two levels . I would have press conferences in my head after a game and I 'd also occasionally be walking around a supermarket where I 'd be outlining a five year plan in an extended interview with the Sunday Times . I 'd be like wondering how this was gon na look in my autobiography when it came out and you know you can go pretty deep with it .
James : Does it feel like a real accomplishment sometimes when you win that Championship or whatnot ?
Iain : Yeah , it does and you get weird conflicting feelings as well . I remember one game I had , I was either Liverpool or Manchester United , I ca n't remember who . But on winning the League Cup in the first season , obviously the first big Final of the year , my first thought was , “ I 've won something . Whatever else happens , they ca n't take that away from me , I 've won something. ” And then my second thought was , it 's 2 in the morning , I have a wife and daughter . What the hell am I doing with myself ?
--
James : Video games have impacted football culture in educational ways too . As Rory explains , the amount of information available to fans these days is due in part to games like Football Manager and FIFA .
Rory : Even though that information is n't from real life , it is based on something . A lot of the information people have got , and I maintain this , about those players who are n't the kind absolute superstars in Spain , Germany , Italy or whatever . A lot of that information people will have , comes not just from YouTube highlight reels but will come from Football Manager , will come from FIFA . That 's where you 're getting first exposed to those names , that 's where you 're first hearing those names .
And it 's really easy to be sniffy about knowledge gleaned from those games , and it 's certainly not comprehensive , it certainly should n't be taken as gospel . But it is information based on something , those rankings are n't just made up , those ratings that FIFA give players are n't just plucked out of thin air .
But it 's raised the level of discourse I think , it 's raised , essentially the education level of football fans . People do now have a greater understanding of whom the teams are in the Bundesliga , who the teams are in Serie A , who 's playing for whom , who 's where , who 's good , who might be good . Although that information comes from video games it 's to be taken seriously and I think that 's really important and that has , without question been a huge impact . All of these things have helped raise how much we understand the sport and how much we know about the sport .
James : But what intrigues me most is how video games are now impacting football itself .
James : There have been several cases in recent years where FM players have landed real jobs in football thanks to skills they honed in the computer game - including a 22 year old who was hired by Azerbaijan club FC Baku in 2012 as a General Manager - assisting with scouting and transfers . In similar fashion , volunteer researchers for Football Manager have gone onto become data analysts and scouts for real life clubs .
And on a deeper level , FM has influenced the very language used in football .
Rory : What 's really changed is the language of scouting has come to reflect Football Manager more .
It 's taught us that there is this other way of thinking about how to gauge a player 's worth , how to quantify a player 's ability that did n't really exist before . And I think that 's become a universal language throughout football .
Now you have a generation of people working in football who 've grown up , not necessarily playing Football Manager , but in a culture where the idea that someone 's speed might be easily described at 15 out of 20 rather than 14 out of 20 . That 's not an alien concept .
Even the terminology they use is similar . So the assist did n't really exist as a metric in football until the 90s . It was n't something that people talked about . It became a thing when fantasy football was launched and it was a way of getting points , but the early Championship Managers , rather , had assists in there , that was something that they quantified . And they kind of take credit for making the assist a thing . And it 's the same name with things like - a lot of the categories that clubs will use to assess players , kind of belong to Football Manager . They 're kind of the same fields that Football Manager was using and they are quantified in a similar way .
And that 's an incredible effect for a computer game to have , it 's an incredible way of kind of changing the way business is done within the sport , the way people are valued within the sport , that it owes a little bit , not everything but a little bit to Football Manager . And that 's more than the individuals who is a kind of build a career from Football Manager . To me , that it is real influence .
James : Video games have also had an effect on football players themselves and the way they play the game .
Rory : I spoke to Alex Iwobi who said that they used to go out in the garden and practice tricks that they could do on FIFA and that was how they honed their technique as much as anything else .
A few years ago , Wenger called Lionel Messi a Playstation footballer . If you look at Messi , they kind of is . He 's the kid . He 's your neighbour on FIFA who knows how to do all of the little tricks so you can never get the ball off them and it 's really annoying . Whether they played computer games as a kid , a young kid , I do n't know - I doubt because of their upbringing . But certainly , you talk to anyone who was at La Masia with Messi and that whole generation played FIFA continually and Pro Evolution Soccer continually . That was how they entertained themselves .
And it seems to me , reasonable to say that partly the player Messi became is because they played a lot of computer games and it changes what you think of as being possible and I think that 's really important . And if you look at people like Pogba and Neymar , who would have grown up playing video games , as much as they grew up playing football on the street or on the pitch - what they consider possible relates more to video games that to watching football as a spectacle , even at the highest level . Because there are certain conventions that you still have in the game that they do n't adhere to . And that is because part of their education , I guess , has come from what many would think is an unrealistic artform , rather than the kind of dour realism of actual football . And that 's what really interests me and what I think is actually really significant in footballs continuing development as a sport .
It 's really crucial to consider that when you consider what football will start to look like in 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 years time . As the games get more realistic , as they get more widespread will they have a kind of reflective process within the sport itself ? So we 've had for the last 20 , 30 years , games trying to reflect football . There will come a point where the games are so popular that football will start , to an extent , start to reflect them back .
--
James : By Association is produced by me , James Parkinson . Many thanks to Mike Harvey , Iain Macintosh and Rory Smith .
Support for By Association comes from our amazing listeners . If the show is of value to you then please consider pledging as little as $ 1 a month . The podcast is entirely independent so I 'd greatly appreciate your support to help keep it going . Full details at patreon.com/byassociation - that 's P-A-T-R-E-O-N .com/byassociation .
Music featured in this episode comes from Poddington Bear under Creative Commons .
You can learn more about this episode and the show on our website , byassociation.audio and check out our parent site , 3nilfc.com , where we always love the game .
Ten days and nights of competition at Charlotte Motor Speedway kick off tonight with the first Friday night running of the Sprint Showdown , the last-chance qualifying race from which three drivers will advance to the NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race on Saturday night .
Friday night 's 40-lap race ( FOX Sports 1 , 7 p.m . ET ) features a field of 23 drivers . The winner and runner-up will transfer to the all-star event , as will the winner of the Sprint Fan Vote .
Here are six drivers with an excellent chance of making it to the big show and racing for $ 1 million .
Article continues below ...
DANICA PATRICK — The safest bet to make the NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race field is Danica Patrick , who is a double threat . First , Patrick 's Stewart-Haas Racing team has been fielding fast cars all year long , with teammates Kevin Harvick and Kurt Busch combining for three victories in the first 11 races . Last week at Kansas Speedway , Patrick finished seventh , the best result of their entire Sprint Cup career . Second , and perhaps more importantly , Patrick won the fan vote last year and likely will this year , too .
KYLE LARSON — Off to an excellent start in their rookie season , Larson is 13th in the NASCAR Sprint Cup points standings , with all 12 drivers ahead of them already locked into the all-star event . Larson nearly won at Auto Club Speedway earlier this season and was fifth at Texas Motor Speedway . All told , they have five top-10 finishes so far this season . Larson is one of the best young talents to come into the sport in recent years .
AUSTIN DILLON — Along with Larson , Dillon is the other star of the 2014 Sprint Cup Rookie of the Year class . Not surprisingly , the two are also right next to each other in points , with Dillon ranked 14th . The highlight of Dillon 's year so far was a pole in the season-opening Daytona 500 and he 's been very consistent all year long . That said , their Richard Childress Racing Chevrolets have at times lacked the speed of the front-running cars .
CLINT BOWYER — Without question , Bowyer 's 2014 campaign has been a disappointment so far , as they ranked just 20th in points . But they have won a points race at Charlotte Motor Speedway before and finished second in the championship standings just two years ago . On top of that , they just signed a new contract , got married and found out they have a son on the way . All things considered , he 's in a good space right now .
AJ ALLMENDINGER — Off to the best start of their Sprint Cup career , Allmendinger has looked pretty sporty this season , helping turn around the fortunes of the once woebegone JTG Daugherty Racing team . Solidly in the top 20 in points , Allmendinger could surprise a few people Friday night . Besides , they won the Sprint Showdown in 2008 and finished second in this race two years ago .
JOSH WISE — From strictly a performance standpoint , Wise frankly does n't belong in this discussion . But with their massive support from Dogecoin and Reddit , they could be a contender for the Sprint Fan Vote , especially if Patrick races their way into the all-star event .
WATCH ! The NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race : 7 p.m . ET Saturday , FOX Sports 1
Newness of technology , bureaucratic hurdles and investor fear of uncharted territory have held back roll-out of solar plants
* 3,500 MW of projects planned in Africa but progress slow
* Bureaucratic hurdles , investor fear cloud projects
* Leader Senegal close to building large plant
By Nellie Peyton
SANTHIOU MEKHE , Senegal , Aug 4 ( Reuters ) - In an expanse of sand 60 miles ( 100 km ) north of Senegal 's capital , two men set to work digging up tree stumps to clear space for what could soon be the biggest solar plant in West Africa .
In less than a year , says developer Senergy PV SA , this shrubby lot will be covered with 96,000 gleaming solar panels from China , injecting up to 30 megawatts into the grid .
It is an attractive prospect for a nation with a dire power deficit , and which currently meets most of its needs by burning imported oil in hugely inefficient diesel generators .
`` The context is favourable , '' Karim Ndiaye , investment director at French private equity firm Meridiam , which bought out the original Senergy company in 2014 , told Reuters .
`` The president has made renewables a priority . ''
Yet three years after a deal was signed to build the plant , there were still no building materials in sight , just a couple of bulldozers bumping over dunes near Santhiou Mekhe village .
Sunshine is plentiful , solar panels get cheaper by the year and demand for power is skyrocketing , but the newness of the technology , bureaucratic hurdles and investor fear of uncharted territory have held back the rollout of solar plants across Africa .
Solar is less than 1 percent of Africa 's power generation . Outside of South Africa and Algeria there are only a few utility-scale solar photovoltaic ( PV ) plants on the continent , the largest being a 20 MW plant in Ghana .
Reuters collected data on over 3,500 MW of projects that have been commissioned in the past six years - roughly equal to the combined output of Senegal , Uganda , Mali and Cameroon .
In Kenya and Burkina Faso , plants scheduled to open in 2014 are still awaiting construction . In Nigeria and Ghana , projects that began in 2010 and 2011 have yet to find finance .
`` We are seeing the same trends everywhere in sub-Saharan Africa , '' said Silvia Macri , analyst at IHS Markit .
`` There 's no experience with these projects , and not much clarity around the political framework . ''
Lenders want dependable cash flows , but in many countries weak legal frameworks , unclear land rights and poor transmission infrastructure make this hard to guarantee , Macri said .
Even after construction began on the Senergy project , equipment still needed to be ordered and permits obtained , said Mathieu Peller , regional director at Meridiam .
`` NEED MORE TIME ''
Horse carts trot past power lines in rural Senegal . Electricity is costly and 40 percent of people have no access .
Cheap solar could change this .
Since 2009 the price of panels has fallen 80 percent . Last year , the International Renewable Energy Agency said solar power costs were in line with or below those of fossil fuels .
Senegal is ahead of its peers on the continent in at least promoting renewables - its official target is 20 percent of power from renewables by 2017 , against 0.6 percent now - but it has been overwhelmed by proposals .
After creating a renewable energy law in 2010 the government spent three years sorting through 82 proposals and accepted 10 , most of which lacked the funds to see them through , said Yasser Charafi , an officer at the International Finance Corporation , the private-sector arm of the World Bank .
Senergy PV SA will sell power to the national electric company for about $ 0.11 per kilowatt-hour , which is slightly less than the utility pays for diesel . The World Bank aims to help Senegal slash that by almost half , Charafi said .
Kenya unveiled a renewable energy scheme in 2012 and was inundated with proposals . No plants are yet under construction .
Now it is considering an auction process to attract lower price bids , leaving developers in the lurch , said Tomas Adcock , chief operating officer at solar firm Kenergy Renewables .
`` Investors are anxious about investing in projects that may never be built , '' Adcock said .
Kenya 's Ministry of Energy did not respond to a request for comment . Developers in several countries described a lack of clear policies , pressure to pay bribes , and negotiations that dragged on for years .
There is often no grid in place to transmit , a problem faced by Douglas Coleman , projects director of Blue Energy , building a long-awaited 155 MW plant in Ghana .
A few projects have beaten the odds . A different plant in Ghana was completed in April by Chinese company BXC , and a 10 MW plant in Uganda is almost built , led by firms in Paris and Dubai .
Nigeria signed its first solar power purchase agreements in July for 14 large-scale plants after four years of negotiations . They are now meant to close financing within a year , and finish construction 18 months later .
`` To be honest , some might need more time , '' said Yesufu Alonge , head of power procurement at Nigeria 's bulk trader .
( Reporting by Nellie Peyton ; Editing by Tim Cocks and Dale Hudson )
Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
Rate this poem Sending User Review 5 ( 3 votes )
A Familiar Letter
A Poem
by Oliver Wendell Holmes
YES , write , if you want to , there 's nothing like trying ;
Who knows what a treasure your casket may hold ?
I 'll show you that rhyming 's as easy as lying ,
If you 'll listen to me while the art I unfold .
Here 's a book full of words ; one can choose as they fancy ,
As a painter their tint , as a workman their tool ;
Just think ! all the poems and plays and romances
Were drawn out of this , like the fish from a pool !
You can wander at will through its syllabled mazes ,
And take all you want , not a copper they cost , --
What is there to hinder your picking out phrases
For an epic as clever as `` Paradise Lost '' ?
Do n't mind if the index of sense is at zero ,
Use words that run smoothly , whatever they mean ;
Leander and Lilian and Lillibullero
Are much the same thing in the rhyming machine .
There are words so delicious their sweetness will smother
That boarding-school flavor of which we 're afraid ,
There is `` lush '' is a good one , and `` swirl '' is another , --
Put both in one stanza , its fortune is made .
With musical murmurs and rhythmical closes
You can cheat us of smiles when you 've nothing to tell
You hand us a nosegay of milliner 's roses ,
And we cry with delight , `` Oh , how sweet they do smell ! ''
Perhaps you will answer all needful conditions
For winning the laurels to which you aspire ,
By docking the tails of the two prepositions
I ' the style o ' the bards you so greatly admire .
As for subjects of verse , they are only too plenty
For ringing the changes on metrical chimes ;
A maiden , a moonbeam , a lover of twenty
Have filled that great basket with bushels of rhymes .
Let me show you a picture -- 't is far from irrelevant --
By a famous old hand in the arts of design ;
'T is only a photographed sketch of an elephant , --
The name of the draughtsman was Rembrandt of the Rhine .
How easy ! no troublesome colors to lay on ,
It ca n't have fatigued him , -- no , not in the least , --
A dash here and there with a haphazard crayon ,
And there stands the wrinkled-skinned , baggy-limbed beast .
Just so with your verse , -- 't is as easy as sketching , --
You can reel off a song without knitting your brow ,
As lightly as Rembrandt a drawing or etching ;
It is nothing at all , if you only know how .
Well ; imagine you 've printed your volume of verses :
Your forehead is wreathed with the garland of fame ,
Your poems the eloquent school-boy rehearses ,
Them album the school-girl presents for your name ;
Each morning the post brings you autograph letters ;
You 'll answer them promptly , -- an hour is n't much
For the honor of sharing a page with your betters ,
With magistrates , members of Congress , and such .
Of course you 're delighted to serve the committees
That come with requests from the country all round ,
You would grace the occasion with poems and ditties
When they 've got a new schoolhouse , or poorhouse , or pound .
With a hymn for the saints and a song for the sinners ,
You go and are welcome wherever you please ;
You 're a privileged guest at all manner of dinners ,
You 've a seat on the platform among the grandees .
At length your mere presence becomes a sensation ,
Your cup of enjoyment is filled to its brim
With the pleasure Horatian of digitmonstration ,
As the whisper runs round of `` That 's he ! '' or `` That 's him ! ''
But remember , O dealer in phrases sonorous ,
So daintily chosen , so tunefully matched ,
Though you soar with the wings of the cherubim o'er us ,
The ovum was human from which you were hatched .
No will of your own with its puny compulsion
Can summon the spirit that quickens the lyre ;
It comes , if at all , like the Sibyl 's convulsion
And touches the brain with a finger of fire .
So perhaps , after all , it 's as well to they quiet
If you 've nothing you think is worth saying in prose ,
As to furnish a meal of their cannibal diet
To the critics , by publishing , as you propose .
But it 's all of no use , and I 'm sorry I 've written , --
I shall see your thin volume some day on my shelf ;
For the rhyming tarantula surely has bitten ,
And music must cure you , so pipe it yourself .
Via Marginal Revolution :
If [ cryonics ] works , the benefits are high , and the probability of it working is greater than zero . Yet few people sign up for it . I think that we are afraid of looking weird if we sign up for it .
The way to think about how and why people make decisions is to look at costs and benefits - which go far beyond mere money , of course . The discussion in the post revolves around `` looking weird '' as a cost . That 's important for we folk descended from apes , possessed of a deep-seated and hardwired need for peer validation . Other costs exist , such as the need to get up and sort out paperwork - people die and become sick in many ways through similar laziness , especially in health matters stretched across the years . I think the comments to the post demonstrate that the more important costs are the perceived financial ones , however .
I suspect the eccentric childless millionaire demographic is overrepresented . Who else can afford it ?
People look at the pay-at-the-door cost of cryonic suspension and decide they ca n't afford it , that cryonics is only for the rich . That is very much not the case , however . Next to no-one pays for their suspension in a lump sum at the door . Instead it 's done via assignment of a life insurance policy for a very small number of dollars per month . There have been very few cryosuspensions of extremely wealthy people .
This suggests to me that if cryonics organizations want to grow , they should stop outsourcing organization of payment . Cryonics should be marketed from the very first touch to the potential customer as an insurance service you pay for monthly : people understand that , and do it all the time . What you are buying is cryosuspension should you be unfortunate enough to die , and the cryonics company handles the mechanisms of insurance - or however else the finances are sorted out - behind the scenes .
Monthly income for a company also allows for the sort of growth and professionalization that has been a challenge in the cryonics industry under the present model of funding for research and development . All in all , a potential win-win situation . One might ask why it has n't been tried yet .
Pro Football Talk ca n't resist : they 're starting a top 100 list players list , as well . They polled media members and asked them to list their top 50 players . The result : yet another list . They 've started with numbers 76 through 100 , and two Tampa Bay Buccaneers make the list : running back Doug Martin at 77 and guard Carl Nicks at 79 .
Martin seems to be ranked a little low , given that they came in at number 57 in the NFL 's Top 100 list and racked up more yards from scrimmage than all but two NFL players . Those two players are Adrian Peterson and Calvin Johnson , and they 're basically guaranteed to come in in the top 10 .
Carl Nicks ' listing is more of a surprise , though . The guard was completely absent from the players ' list . In fact , that list named just two interior linemen in Max Unger And Logan Mankins . In fact , that entire list seemed to ignore linemen in general . Nicks is one of the very best guards in the NFL , though , despite missing half of last season with a toe injury . When healthy , very few linemen can match their dominance .
Read more :
Did the Bucs improve at wide receiver ?
Da'Quan Bowers outperformed Terrell Suggs
Akeem Spence is the perfect fit for the Bucs
Did the Bucs improve at running back ?
A conspiracy theory for RWBY based on the World of Remnant video depicting the rise , or decline of the Schnee Dust company ( depending on how you look at it . ) As narrated by Qrow , we see that Nick Schnee was a great and magnanimous , and ingenious man . They built inventions and carved dust for all the nations of the world in a factory they worked from on the mountain in the North ; Mantle.By the time it became known as Atlas , they were old and tired and their company had to go to another man who could manage it properly , but the man who had slithered their way into their graces was a conniving and silver tongued opportunist . Jacques was their name . They married into their family through their only daughter ; Willow , and changed their name to Schnee . Ever since then they took the company by the horns and did a horrible thing , they made it prosper .... at any cost.Unfair labor , and servitude for the Faunus was more like slavery and costs were cut where workers came first before then , but the Company Prospered into a superpower , under a man who cared about victory more than ethic.From the way Qrow describes it , it 's as if they stole more than just the company when they eased in to the Schnee empire ... and perhaps someone ...
On a recent afternoon , Ina Vandebroek was poking around the shelves of La 21 Division Botanica on the Grand Concourse in the Bronx . Its narrow aisles were crammed with thousands of votive candles , herbal potions and brightly colored plaster statues of saints .
Dr. Vandebroek , a Belgian-born ethnobotanist , paused to gaze at herb-infused oils . The vials had names like Amor Prohibido ( “ Forbidden Love ” ) , for those in search of adventure , and Conquistador , for the timid — both of them big sellers . Bendicion de Dinero Al Hogar ( “ A Blessing for Money in the House ” ) , which comes in a spray , is also popular . But Dr. Vandebroek was not there to jump-start a flagging love life or curry the favor of spirits . La 21 Division is a regular stop for her , a mile or so from their laboratory at the New York Botanical Garden , where they are the assistant curator of economic botany .
They are conducting a multiyear study of the folk remedies sold in New York 's botanicas , more than 100 emporiums that offer products for all that ails the body , mind and soul to a clientele mainly consisting of Latino and Caribbean immigrants . They are compiling guides in English and Spanish describing the plants and their uses . Them goal is to promote “ culturally effective and sensitive health care ” for a community that is chronically underserved by mainstream medicine .
“ I came to NYC in 2005 and expected immigrants from the Caribbean to use very few plants for health care because most of the medicinal plants they know from their home countries do n't grow here , ” they said in an email . Instead , they were amazed to find that Dominicans in New York , for example , use more than 200 plant species for medicinal purposes .
MAIDUGURI , Nigeria ( Reuters ) - A suicide bomber killed 14 people in northeast Nigeria , the state emergency agency said on Saturday , in an attack that bore the hallmarks of Boko Haram , days after a resurgence in the jihadist group 's activities prompted a shift in military tactics .
The attack in the town of Dikwa in Borno state came days after suspected members of the group kidnapped an oil prospecting team , prompting a rescue bid that ended in the deaths of at least 37 people including members of the team and rescuers from the military and armed vigilantes , officials say .
Three kidnapped members of the oil team appeared in a video seen by Reuters on Saturday , which was provided by suspected members of the militant group .
Boko Haram , which seeks to create an Islamic state in the northeast , has stepped up the frequency of attacks in the last few months . The insurgency has killed 20,000 people and forced some 2.7 million to flee their homes in the last eight years .
A suicide bomber detonated the explosives in Dikwa on Friday night , after entering a building housing people who had previously fled the insurgency and since returned , the State Emergency Management Agency ( SEMA ) said .
“ We have so far evacuated 38 victims comprising 14 dead and 24 injured ” , said SEMA spokesperson Bello Dambatta . Dikwa is around 90 kilometers east of Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state .
The attack brings the number of people killed by insurgents in northeast Nigeria since June 1 to at least 113 .
After the kidnapping of the oil workers , Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday sent military chiefs to the northeast to help regain control of the situation .
The move was a change of tactics since the government and military have repeatedly said Boko Haram - which also carries out cross-border attacks in neighboring Cameroon and Niger - was on the verge of being defeated .
President Muhammadu Buhari said in December that Boko Haram 's stronghold in the northeast 's vast Sambisa forest had been captured .
“ I 'm not overly impressed with it myself , ” Joel Zimmerman types , popping a grey box up on my phone 's screen . “ Either I 'm overly critical or it 's just ‘ not amazeballs . ' ”
The “ it ” in question is the handily titled W : /2016ALBUM , their latest LP under the nom de guerre deadmau5 . As with most things in their day-to-day life , Zimmerman is not being tactical . One gets the feeling he 's just not a natural salesperson — a nerdy introvert who translated their anxiety and obsessive nature into superstardom in a world of extroverts .
“ I 'm just getting it the f -- k off my back so I can get working on something better , '' they continue . `` There are a couple fun ones on there but I feel like some of them are like ... f -- k I coulda done that way better . Too many distractions this past couple years , I think . ”
We 're edging toward the third hour of an increasingly informal and rare interview . Originally scheduled as a light , 15-minute chat toward the end of the workday , Zimmerman 's in a talkative mood , ready and willing to jabber on about whatever comes to mind — their early rave days fawning over Cancon dance stars , their love-hate relationship with pop , selling their prized possessions , the genius of Sigur Ros , why they refuse to play bar mitzvahs , anything but Justin Bieber . Plugging away on a new song in their Campbellville home studio , the 35-year-old prefers the comfort of jumping back and forth on their screens over audio transactions so we 're writing on Skype . “ I 'll get out of your hair , ” I offer as the office lights go dark . It 's 7 p.m. on a blustery October night . `` np '' they write , willing the conversation on . “ I 'm just cruising away on another project anyway . ”
' I 'm no Drake , and I have bills '
In 2014 , when they last released an album , Forbes magazine estimated Zimmerman banked in the neighbourhood of half-a-million dollars per show for a grand total of $ 16-million that year alone . Since that time , despite their popularity only growing — they boast an impressive 3.6 million Twitter followers and a staggering nine million Facebook fans — he 's had to sell their Toronto apartment ( nicknamed the Mau5Haus ) and their prized McLaren P1 ( licence plate DATP1THO ) . “ Stupid , ” they write . “ But I 'm no Drake , and I have bills. ” They can live with losing their downtown penthouse with its spiral stairs and Jagermeister on tap , but the car , “ I 'm more bummed about that than anything. ” They e-sighs , adding a frowny-face emoji .
Zimmerman grew up amongst the tourist traps of Niagara Falls . Fascinated with computers and electronics at an early age , they used their rodent-meets-leetspeak handle on early internet messageboards after discovering a deceased mouse in one of their devices . As a teen , they would often trek up to Toronto 's burgeoning rave scene , taking yellow school buses to the suburbs sporting a Pokémon backpack “ just to get out of the falls , ” but soon discovered “ the furry thing freaked [ him ] out a bit . ”
Moving to Toronto at 17 , Zimmerman began producing tracks for a small Toronto house label . A few of their productions ended up on Tommy Lee 's Methods of Mayhem album , starting a life-long friendship that maintains to this day . They also managed to gain some notoriety on the EDM online music store Beatport with the cheeky self-narrated track “ This is the Hook. ” To make ends meet they took on odd jobs , including working the lights at a downtown club where they would occasionally run into scenesters like Chris Sheppard . “ I was super stoked that they were there , ” Zimmerman writes . “ He comes up in the booth and I 'm like all giddy and stupid so I told them I made music kinda and I just bought a Roland MC-303. ” Sheppard , at the time a prominent radio DJ and the musical brains behind Canadian techno charters Love Inc. , was less than impressed . `` Oh yeah , I bought one of those and put it in the bathroom in front of my toilet so I can make beats while I shit , '' Zimmerman recalls them saying . “ His exact words . ”
In a real sense , Zimmerman thrives on contradiction . He 's a cantankerous musical guardian who always finds a cheeky and aspirational way to bend the rules to their advantage . `` We kinda live by the forgiveness rule as opposed to permission , '' they write . Shades of this can be noted throughout their career : an antisocial gamer who dates Playboy models ; a commercial juggernaut who refuses to make a pop album but will perform with the Foo Fighters at the Grammys . Nowhere was this more evident , however , than in their choice of headwear . As one of EDM 's biggest artists , they take pleasure in performing for some of the largest audiences in the world , yet prefers the comfort of looking at none of them . Enter the Mau5head . Debuted at the first deadmau5 gig , both as a tool to deal with stagefright and as a way to stand out , the Mickey Mouse copyright infringement in lightweight plastic shell has now evolved into a literal EDM godhead . There are multiple versions in different colours and styles , including one with a full LCD display , which has led more than one reviewer to wax on about Zimmerman 's McLuhan-esque ideology . Their followers , a cult-like legion , often try to replicate the iconic head , though the man themselves farms the yeoman 's work to Jim Henson 's Creature Shop in Hollywood .
It 's this level of dedication to craft and show that has led Zimmerman to this critical point : of making tons of cheddar while having to sell their bachelor pad and their $ 2-million-plus car . It 's a bit of an awkward and confusing admission , especially when compared with the extravagant lives of contemporaries like Skrillex , Diplo and Calvin Harris . “ Well ... I do n't know , ” they write . “ If I did n't put anything back into production , studio 's equipment , I 'm sure I 'd be killing it .
“ Most electronic acts have zero overhead . So yes , they are raking it in : shows up with USB key , saves 400k on event production . ”
By comparison , Zimmerman prides themselves on their psychedelic , over-the-top light show , pointing to one of their proudest moments , the sold-out 14,000-person hometown rave they put on at the Rogers Centre in 2011 . “ Shows up to Skydome with 2.3m of production , walks home owing , ” they write . “ LOL . ”
Taking a cue from their earlier comparison , I point out that Drake offsets costs by doing pay-for-play performances , reportedly earning a million dollars per 10-minute bar mitzvah appearance . Zimmerman dismisses the notion . “ I 'd be bored to tears . ”
“ I like the challenges of dealing with show logistics , production… ” they write . “ Performing at them is just the reward . ”
'It 'll go away , just like pants did in 1840 '
Under the alias deadmau5 , Zimmerman has been releasing tracks in the genre of progressive house and techno since 2006 , occasionally working with guest singers to add a level of accessibility to their music . For W : /2016ALBUM , their eighth official release , the music producer tried to avoid EDM clichés by bringing on a new texture : ambient trip-hop . There 's a trick , they say , that allows them to avoid musical sterility : ignoring the zeitgeist . Or , as they put it , “ internet 's just for porn and Facebook . ”
Yet the internet is where they feel most comfortable . Rather than be burdened with interviews , Zimmerman prefers chatting with their fans and spouting their toothy opinons via online chats , live-streams and Twitter — where they can speak freely with a literate audience rather than answer questions about the legitimacy of EDM .
“ I sort of grew up with ‘ EDM ' as it were , ” they write . “ [ I 'm ] wondering if the ‘ wow EDM is really commonplace ' question will stop being asked even after it 's spanned an entire generation . When I 'm 60 ... ‘ so we 're just starting to hear a lot of EDM in everything now ... do you think this is the next big thing ? ' Nah , it 's just a fad . Just a 25 year-long fad . It 'll go away . Just like pants did in 1840 . ”
Despite their dismissive attitude , Zimmerman is a genre purist at heart . Unlike their contemporaries , they claim he 's only interested in working with natural talents . “ While there 's a pretty solid formula to follow to write a radio-friendly pop-ular track ... there 's an art in itself to even do that , ” they write . “ Anything with pitch correction , even subtly , I can hear a mile away , and that 's automatically discarded into the f -- k-off pile . ''
`` If you ca n't produce , write , mix , master .... you f -- king better be able to sing . '' they add . `` You 'd be shocked to know how many people ‘ succeeding ' at pop who can do none of the above . ”
Though he 's yet to produce a straight pop track , Zimmerman recently reached out to the Weeknd 's Abel Tesfaye for a joint project . “ Abel 's rad , ” they write . “ Met them a few times here 'n ' there ... super nice guy . He 's very musical . They can carry a pitch , has a good voice , nothing wrong with that . Rarely hear them overprocessed to all audible hell . I would n't really consider them pop tbh , he 's a bonafide musician . ”
Tesfaye never got back to him , but Zimmerman has n't “ closed that door ” yet . Pushed for pop acts he 'd be open to working with , they write “ Abel , Bruno Mars , bleh bleh. ” Then adds Jacksoul , who , I inform him , died of lung cancer in 2009 . After some caps-locked shock , the discussion descends into a Cancon catch-up session and , rather unexpectedly , an offer to work with the animated duo Prozzak . “ I 'm sure I can get a hold of 'em , ” they write . “ We have a ton of old mutuals . ”
'Once it 's done it 's done , I do n't rinse '
Personal feelings aside , 2017 looks bright for deadmau5 . They may occasionally sound like Kanye West on Twitter , but he 's been around the block long enough to refrain from sabotaging himself . To that end , fans should n't expect any Life of Pablo-like revisions to W : /2016ALBUM .
“ Once it 's done it 's done , I do n't rinse , ” they write . “ I 'll get back on the horse again . I 'm not forcing anything . ”
It 's been a big year for Idina Menzel . The Tony winner has been appearing eight times a week in Broadway 's If/Then , where it has been playing since last spring , and in that time , they have also become a household name . Since Disney 's Frozen hit the big screen in 2013 , Menzel has turned `` Let It Go '' into an anthem for the ages , having performed the tune everywhere from the Academy Awards to Times Square . And that 's not all that she 's been up to ... In October , Menzel released their latest , hit solo album , titled Holiday Wishes .
Just in case you 've forgotten why you fell in love with them in the first place , below BroadwayWorld brings you ten more reasons to love Idina Menzel .
1 . They know how to rock a Christmas song .
Idina might be Jewish , but they gave us all reason to celebrate this season when they released their latest chart-topping album , Holiday Wishes . They told BroadwayWorld : `` People give you a hard time because you 're Jewish- they say , `` Why a Christmas album ? '' But some of the greatest Christmas songs have been written by Jews . Some of our greatest Jewish singers have done Christmas albums . For me , it 's about the holidays . ''
2 . They know how to forgive and forget .
After the great 'Adele Dazeem ' controversy , Menzel released the following statement : `` [ John Travolta ] was really gracious and sent this gorgeous email , and we 're buddies and it 's all cool . Please . I mean , I 've only benefited from it . ''
3 . They have a killer range .
Need we even say more ? Idina made 'belting your face off ' a thing .
4 . They have humble begnnings .
Idina 's career was n't just handed to them Before they were one of Broadway 's most beloved stars , they were getting by as a wedding and Bar Mitzvah singer .
5 . They keep their fans in the loop .
Idina frequently posts to their official Twitter and Facebook pages about their day-to-day happenings . Recent tweet : `` This is something I said in an interview a few months ago . ''
6 . They have a big heart .
When Idina is n't treading the boards they are working on the charity that they co-founded back in 2010- A Broader Way . The charity is dedicated to offering girls from urban communities an outlet for self-expression and creativity through arts-centered programs . For more information , visit : http : //www.abroaderway.org/
7 . They Are that girl .
Idina has created some of the most beloved roles in musical theatre , including 'Maureen ' in RENT and the original green girl- WICKED 's 'Elphaba . '
8 . She 's a Disney Queen .
The success of Frozen has ushered Disney animated films into a new Golden Age ( partially due to Menzel 's portrayal of 'Elsa ' ) . But long before that they starred in 2007 's Enchanted .
9 . She 's got balls .
Not just anyone would have the guts to sing a song like `` Let It Go '' in below freezing temperatures , but that 's exactly what they did on Rockin ' New Year 's Eve . For that , we salute her !
10 . Have we mentioned that she 's a vocal powerhouse ?
Really though , does it get any better than this ? !
Related Articles
An increasing number of East Jerusalem Palestinians have been applying for and receiving Israeli citizenship , most citing practical reasons as the deciding factor in a decision that was nevertheless emotionally charged .
Figures obtained by the Jerusalem Institute for Israel Studies showed a dramatic increase in citizenship applications , from 114 applications in 2003 to between 800 and 1,000 current annual applications , Reuters reported this week . Approximately half of the applicants received citizenship , the report said .
Palestinians interviewed by the news agency cited practical reasons for the move : they believed that Israeli citizenship made it easier to get jobs and buy houses , and they wanted the stability that Israeli citizenship brought . At the same time , some expressed concerns that they were betraying their Palestinian identity .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Most Palestinians in East Jerusalem are official residents of the city , a status that allows them to work and receive healthcare and insurance benefits , but one that carries the threat of being revoked .
Unlike citizenship , which can only be revoked in extreme cases , such as becoming a citizen of an enemy state or committing treason , the residency status is contingent on the holder proving that their “ center of life ” is in the city . The right to live in Jerusalem can be lost by working in a different city or spending too much time outside of Israel .
“ I wanted to strengthen myself in Jerusalem . It 's my homeland . I was born here , I live here and I want to stay here , ” said a 46-year-old teacher who became an Israeli citizen in 2014 .
For some applicants , the choice was a wrenching one , and some hid their decision from family and friends due to fear of negative reactions , reported Reuters .
“ I was a bit ashamed because it feels like you 're giving up your identity , ” a 26-year-old Palestinian ballet dancer , who began their application two months ago . “ But if I get an Israeli passport I wo n't be so weak , especially living in East Jerusalem — it 's so easy for us to get kicked out . ”
Them family members accepted their decision , although they initially reacted with surprise .
Since Israel gained control of East Jerusalem in the 1967 Six Day War , approximately 24,000 Palestinians — close to 10 percent of East Jerusalem 's Palestinians — have received Israeli citizenship .
The trend is a welcome one for Israel 's government , according to geographer and former member of the Palestinian negotiating team Khalil Tafakji . They said that Israel was trying to reinforce its control of the city through increasing the percentage of Jerusalemites who are Israeli citizens .
Israeli Interior Minister Silvan Shalom dismissed Tafakji 's claim that Israel had a strategic interest in the matter .
“ This will not affect negotiations with the Palestinians , which encompass far greater and wider issues , ” said Shalom , who is also chief negotiator in peace talks with the Palestinians .
The status and control of Jerusalem is a highly contested issue in peace negotiations . Both Israel and the Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital .
A survey published by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy in November 2011 showed that East Jerusalem Palestinians were split when asked if they would prefer Israeli or Palestinian citizenship , if a Palestinian state were to be established .
The respondents leaned toward Palestinian over Israeli citizenship : 53 percent would rather obtain Palestinian citizenship while 39 % favored Israeli citizenship . When asked if they would move in order to obtain their desired citizenship , 44 % of respondents said they would likely do so to obtain Palestinian citizenship , and 40 % for Israeli citizenship .
While the percentage of respondents favoring Israeli citizenship was constant from a 2010 survey , the number of respondents favoring Palestinian citizenship had increased , from 30 to 53 % .
A former NIST security official admits making meth on campus , but their lawyer says it was a training experiment . Scott MacFarlane reports . ( Published Friday , Aug. 21 , 2015 )
A former federal security official accused of making methamphetamine inside a highly secured government research facility and causing an explosion pleaded guilty Friday .
Christopher Bartley , a police lieutenant for the National Institutes of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , reported to work July 18 and that evening went into a room where they could make meth under a chemical fume hood , according to their plea agreement . The explosion they caused about 7:30 p.m. blew four shatterproof windows out of their frames , sending them 22-33 feet from the building .
Bartley suffered burns on their arms and singed eyebrows and hair , according to the U.S. attorney .
The blast sent the temperature to 180 degrees , and a silent heat alarm activated . Responding firefighters saw Bartley leaving the room , according to the U.S. attorney . They took items from the scene and dumped them in trash near the building and at another NIST building .
Investigators searched the room and the trash and found equipment and household items for making meth . In Bartley 's car they found a recipe and more equipment .
Their attorney , Steven Van Grack , said Bartley was conducting an `` unauthorized training experiment '' at the time of the incident that `` clearly failed . '' Bartley was trying to show how easy it is to make meth , Van Grack said .
The U.S. attorney said there 's no evidence it was a training exercise and drug enforcement is n't part of Bartley 's job .
A federal prosecutor in Greenbelt charged Bartley , of Gaithersburg , with attempting to manufacture methamphetamine .
Van Grack said earlier this week that they were hopeful Bartley will avoid prison time by entering the plea and said their client has an `` immaculate background . ''
Bartley resigned the day after the explosion , NIST spokesperson Gail Porter said Tuesday .
`` NIST has been fully supporting the ongoing investigation and will continue to cooperate with law enforcement as requested , '' Porter said .
A U.S. attorney for Maryland confirmed Tuesday that Bartley was the federal law enforcement officer who was injured in the blast . News4 reported in July that the officer said the explosion occurred as they tried to refill a butane lighter .
The charge Bartley is facing carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison .
Montgomery County Police assisted with the investigation , and the House Commerce and Science Committee launched its own probe . That committee has oversight over NIST .
`` It 's becoming clear we must better monitor those with access to our nation 's high-tech research facilities , '' read a statement from the chairperson of the committee in the aftermath of the explosion .
Building 236 , where the explosion occurred , remained closed , although it is available to scientific staff on an as-needed basis , Porter said Tuesday .
`` In response to the July 18 incident , NIST is identifying several external security experts with specific experience in protecting a research campus to conduct independent , individual reviews of NIST 's current security posture , including staffing , processes , policies and procedures , '' Porter said . `` NIST plans to use their recommendations to strengthen its security posture . ''
NIST , a federal entity that is part of the U.S. Department of Commerce , employs about 3,000 scientists , engineers and others on a 578-acre campus about 15 miles north of Washington , D.C .
Copyright Associated Press / NBC4 Washington
One oceanic consequence of climate change is well underway , and it 's likely already having a negative impact on human health , according to a new study led by a professor at Stony Brook 's School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences ( SoMAS ) .
“ This study demonstrates that the global warming that has already occurred is now impacting human health and our oceans , ” Professor Christopher Gobler said . “ An important implication of the study is that carbon emission and climate change-related policy decisions made today are likely to have important consequences for the fate of our future oceans , including the spread and intensification of toxic algal blooms . ”
The study shows that since 1982 our oceans have warmed to become more hospitable for toxic algal blooms , the rapid increase of algae within a body of water , to spread and intensify . This means bad news for seafood eaters and ocean dwellers alike .
Alga types such as Alexandrium and Dinophysis , which were both subjects of the study , generate toxins that can cause neurological and gastrointestinal effects , including paralytic and diarrhetic shellfish poisoning in humans .
“ Toxic or harmful algal blooms are not a new phenomenon , although many people may know them by other names such as red tides , ” Gobler said . “ These events can sicken or kill people who consume toxin-contaminated shellfish and can damage marine ecosystems by killing fish and other marine life . ”
In the wake of climate change , harmful toxic algae events like these show no sign of slowing , according to the study .
“ The distribution , frequency and intensity of these events have increased across the globe , and this study links this expansion to ocean warming in some regions of the North Atlantic and North Pacific Oceans , ” Gobler said .
Gobler 's team 's study is one of the first to successfully link the recent intensification of toxic algal blooms directly to ocean warming and climate change through critical , quantitative evidence . The team achieved this by bringing together biologists and climate scientists who used ecosystem observations , laboratory experiments and 35 years of satellite-based temperature estimates to reach their conclusion .
“ Today collaborating with scientists outside of your discipline is almost a requirement to solve the tough questions , ” said Owen Doherty , climate modeler and study co-author . “ This study showed the value of interdisciplinary collaboration through a novel combination of laboratory , observational and modeling work . ”
The study , titled Ocean warming since 1982 has expanded the niche of toxic algal blooms in the North Atlantic and North Pacific Oceans , ” is now published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Work to accomplish the study was supported by the James Simons and Laurie Landeau foundations , as well as awards from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Ocean Service .
The IceCube project has been awarded the 2013 Breakthrough of the Year by the British magazine Physics World . The Antarctic observatory has been selected for making the first observation of cosmic neutrinos , but also for overcoming the many challenges of creating and operating a colossal detector deep under the ice at the South Pole .
“ The ability to detect cosmic neutrinos is a remarkable achievement that gives astronomers a completely new way of studying the cosmos , ” says Hamish Johnston , editor of physicsworld.com . “ The judges of the 2013 award were also impressed with the IceCube collaboration 's ability to build and operate a huge and extremely sensitive detector in the most remote and inhospitable place on Earth . ”
The IceCube Neutrino Observatory was completed in December 2010 , after seven years of construction at the South Pole . But the idea of a huge detector buried in the ice was conceived a long time ago . Back in the 1990s , the AMANDA detector was built as a proof of concept for IceCube . By January 2005 , the first sensors of IceCube had already reached 2,450 meters below the Antarctic ice sheet . It was only a few weeks ago that the IceCube Collaboration published in Science the first evidence for a very high-energy astrophysical neutrino flux , opening a new era in astronomy .
“ I did not imagine that the science would be as exciting as building this detector . Challenges were many , from deciphering the optical properties of ice that we have never seen to drilling a hole to 2.5 kilometers in 2 days , and then repeating 86 times . Only the dedication of very talented individuals made this possible , ” says Francis Halzen , principal investigator of IceCube and the Hilldale and Gregory Breit Professor of Physics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
As Prof. Halzen first envisioned , the ice became the perfect medium to search for very high-energy neutrinos that , after travelling through the universe during millions—even billions—of years , haphazardly interact with the nucleus of a molecule of ice .
“ The success of IceCube builds on the efforts of hundreds of collaborators around the world—from the design , the deployment in a harsh environment and the AMANDA prototype to data harvesting and physics analysis . The top breakthrough of the year award is a superb way to ultimately honor these efforts , ” adds Olga Botner , IceCube spokesperson and physics professor at Uppsala University .
“ We made the impossible seem easy , ” can be read on a wall at UW–Madison , quoting one of the driller technicians who helped make this telescope a reality . One challenge after another was overcome , and once the full detector was operational , the science results were even more incredible . The first neutrinos from outer space have been observed , and IceCube is honored to head the list of 2013 physics breakthroughs , but the best might be yet to come .
IceCube is comprised of 5,160 digital optical modules suspended along 86 strings ( cables ) embedded in a cubic kilometer of ice beneath the South Pole . It detects neutrinos through the tiny flashes of blue light , called Cherenkov light , produced when neutrinos interact in the ice .
The IceCube Neutrino Observatory was built under an NSF Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction grant , with assistance from partner funding agencies around the world . The project continues with support from a Maintenance and Operations grant from the NSF 's Division of Polar Programs and Physics Division , along with international support from participating institutions and their funding agencies . UW–Madison is the lead institution , and the international collaboration includes 275 physicists and engineers from the U.S. , Germany , Sweden , Belgium , Switzerland , Japan , Canada , New Zealand , Australia , U.K. , Korea and Denmark .
Contacts :
Note : A multimedia gallery is available at : http : //icecube.wisc.edu/gallery/press
Read the release about the `` Evidence for High-Energy Extraterrestrial Neutrinos at the IceCube Detector '' published in Science
The most important element of your website for conversion is your call to action ( CTA ) button . The CTA button is what your visitors need to click on it in order to be your subscriber or customer .
A perfect CTA button plays a vital role to convert the web visitors into subscribers or customers . On the other hand , a small mistake in your CTA button could lose you a potential lead in seconds .
Most of the people think that crafting a CTA button is super easy . All they need to do is just telling the visitors to sign up , purchase or download . Simple !
Actually , there 's a lot more to do creating a winning CTA button.People do n't spend enough time to create a call-to-action button for their websites and making the silly mistakes that are seriously hurting their CTA button click-through rates .
In this article , I will explain nine reasons why your call-to-action button is n't performing well , and you 're not getting the results you want .
Let 's get started !
# 1 . Your CTA button is hard to find
Your call-to-action button sometimes does n't perform well because users ca n't find it easily.Your call to action is probably either too small , buried in text or graphics , or text link instead of a prominent button .
Let me show you an example here :
Just take a look at the above screenshot and this website has no prominent call-to-action button.There is a weak one with the text “ click here to book online ” . You ca n't really recognize it as a call to action unless you read the text , and that can easily be overlooked by the visitors .
If you have other elements within the page compete with your CTA button for visitor 's attention , your CTA will get lost in the crowd . So , make your call to action big , bold and visually appealing .
# 2 . Having multiple CTAs
Do n't put the visitor 's in a situation where they have to choose among many CTA buttons .
When you have too many CTA buttons on your website , your visitors become paralyzed by the options and leave your website without taking any action .
In a study done by Sheena S. Iyengar ( Columbia University ) and Mark R. Lepper ( Stanford University ) found that , people purchased more when there were fewer options available .
In the study , researchers set up a jam-tasting table at a supermarket . In one part of the study , they offered six varieties of jam , and at others 24 varieties . Of the customers who offered 24 varieties flavors , only 3 % purchased , but of the customers who offered 6 varieties flavors , 30 % did the same .
Source : glowhorn
So , be clear about what action you want your visitors to take and build your design around that . Do n't make your visitors confused about what they 're supposed to do next .
# 3 . Putting the CTA button in the wrong place
The website owners often make the mistake of placing the call-to-action button at below the fold . If your visitors need to spend their valuable time to find your CTA button , they 're likely going to leave your page before taking your desired action .
When you visit the most popular websites in the word , you will notice that they have their CTA button in above the fold area . Because , many of the web visitors do n't scroll down of the page and if you include the call to action at the bottom of the page , they wo n't see the CTA button .
The standard place for a CTA button is on the right-hand side of the page above the fold for maximum conversions.It has actually been proven that , call to actions on the right side get more clicks than left side .
# 4 . Using vague button text
One of the common mistakes people make with the call-to-action button is using the vague text into their button .
The text of your CTA button should be action-oriented and striking as it has a direct impact on someone 's willingness to click and move forward .
Your CTA button text should answer why people would click on it and what will happen after clicking . Please avoid the boring words like submit , enter , go , etc . as a CTA button text .
The button text should start with an action verb and has to be self-explanatory .
For example :
Get My Custom Report
Download My Free eBook
Open My Account
Get My Free Quote
Crazyegg has a perfect text into their CTA button which clearly explains what will happen after clicking .
# 5 . You 're not using the right color
Color matters a lot in call-to-action button . But , there is no particular color that gets more clicks .
Now the question is what color should you use in your CTA button ?
Generally speaking , orange and blue buttons are reported to perform well . Ultimately , you need to choose a color for your CTA based on your website background color . The color of your CTA button must be contrasting with the background color .
For example , if your website has a blue background , choosing dark blue as a CTA button color is a big mistake . Because , the contrast is too close and most of your visitors will have a hard time finding your CTA .
Let me show an example of poor contrast :
But , if you use blue color for CTA button on a white background , then the button will stand out from the rest of page . Buffer has this perfect combination .
# 6 . You 're not creating any urgency
When you are taking any decision , do you ever hesitate ?
Of course you do , and everyone does !
Your audience think at least few times before clicking on your CTA button . If you create sense of urgency on your CTA button that can improve your click through rate . Because , that make people to think whatever is going on is really important , and if they do n't click on your CTA , they will miss a great opportunity .
For example , you may use something like ‘ Sign Up today and get 30 % off ! 'as a button text to create sense of urgency .
# 7 . Your CTA button is n't mobile friendly
Nowadays , many people are accessing the web and interacting with the websites via mobile phone .
“ The number of people using mobile devices outstripped people on desktop computers in 2014. ” – Jim Edwards , Business Insider , April 2014
If your website and CTA button are n't optimized for mobile devices , you 're creating an awful experience for your visitors . Because , people will find your website broken when they will try to access from mobile device .
Let 's take a look at a comparison example of a mobile friendly vs. non-mobile friendly CTA button :
See the difference ?
Therefore , make sure your website is mobile friendly and the CTA button is clearly visible into the visitor 's screen irrespective of the devices they use .
# 8 . No social proof around your CTA button
One of the easiest ways to get someone to take action on your site is by adding the social proof .
People are no longer just go to a website and click the call to action . Instead , they research and want to see other are happily using it .
Basecamp is using ‘ just last week , 8,326 companies got started with Basecamp 3 ! 'as a social around their CTA button .
It clearly indicates that , more than eight thousands companies wo n't subscribe in a week unless the product is exceptionally good . This message will surely encourage others to subscribe with them .
# 9 . You 're not testing your CTA button
You can make your CTA button appealing , classy and persuasive . But , how would you know that your CTA button is doing its job if you are not consistently testing it ?
At least once a month , you should test your CTA button by changing its text , color , font , and location to find the best combination .
This way , you can get to know how people want to see your CTA button .
Final Thoughts ,
I hope you 're now well-educated with exactly why a CTA button does n't perform well . By avoiding the above-mentioned mistakes and by following the effective tips to craft a CTA button will lead your CTA to be the real hero of your website .
Please feel free to share what other mistakes should marketers avoid when creating CTA button ?
A four-year Virginia study found that so-called ghost fishing carried on by lost and abandoned crab traps takes a very real — and lethal — toll on the Bay 's blue crabs and other aquatic dwellers .
Researchers found that the roughly 32,000 crab pots pulled from Virginia waters during four winters of collection efforts held more than 25,000 crabs . Three-fifths of them were females , the gender fishery managers have targeted for increased protection .
In addition , the lost pots captured more than 30 other aquatic species , including large numbers of oyster toadfish , black sea bass , Atlantic croaker , spot and flounder . Among the species were a number of rare diamondback terrapins .
Scientists have expressed concern for years about the potential impact of lost crab pots in the Bay . The new findings are the most comprehensive picture yet of their impact in the Chesapeake , but the scientists cautioned that , if anything , their estimated numbers are low .
`` It 's a very , very conservative estimate , '' said Donna Bilkovic , a research assistant professor with the Virginia Institute of Marine Science 's Center for Coastal Resources Management .
That 's because the data was collected during the winter when most species are less active , and therefore less likely to be caught .
`` It is a little misleading to extrapolate what we saw in the derelict traps removed in the winter , '' Bilkovic said . `` We think it is actually a much larger impact , and we would expect to see different species . ''
In fact , they estimated that annually , at least 1.25 million blue crabs are likely to be caught by crab pots that have been abandoned or lost in Virginia 's portion of the Bay . Those crabs would have a value of more than $ 400,000 , the researchers said .
But the researchers also said the impact of ghost pots could be limited if watermen were required to install biodegradable panels that would create an exit for species trapped by lost pots .
Their results stem from a four-year program that ran from late 2008 through early 2012 in which the Virginia Marine Resources Commission employed watermen to use sonar to locate abandoned pots and remove them . VIMS scientists helped design the program and collected the data on the species found in the traps . The program was financed using a portion of the $ 15 million in federal money awarded for conservation projects after the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Fisheries Service declared the blue crab fishery a failure in 2008 .
Crab pots are wire mesh cubes measuring roughly 2 feet on all sides . The pots are baited to lure crabs through a funnel , which also keeps them from escaping . Pots are typically deployed with lines attached to buoys so watermen can easily locate them .
But many pots are lost each year . Buoy lines can be severed by the props of commercial or recreational boats , or ripped off by storms . Storms also move pots around so they ca n't be found . In other cases , pots might be vandalized or simply abandoned by watermen — nearly 40 percent of all pots found in the Virginia program still had buoy lines and had simply been left in the water .
Whatever the reason , the VIMS scientists estimated that about 20 percent of the crab pots fished each year are lost . The commission licenses as many as 385,000 commercial pots that can be fished each year , although the actual number fished is typically smaller .
In addition , an unknown number of pots are used by recreational crabbers . `` We do n't have a strong understanding of just what the extent of the recreational fishery is , '' Bilkovic said . That is a concern , though , as recreational fishing tends to take place in shallower water where diamondback terrapins are more likely to come in contact with the pots .
Some lost pots are damaged or fall apart quickly . In high salinity waters , they may break down in two years , but in lower salinities they may persist for four years or more . During that time , they continue to `` fish . ''
The Virginia collection program took place after crab season ended in mid-December each year , but about 40 percent of the pots were actively fishing — that is , they contained crabs or other species .
Even empty traps can attract some fish and crabs , and whenever something is caught it effectively re-baits the trap , luring even more animals to their doom .
Field tests by VIMS scientists have shown that empty crab pots capture an average of 50 crabs a year , while re-baited pots can capture an average of 100 .
Bilkovic estimated that 1.25 million crabs would be caught in the missing pots each year , assuming that just 250,000 pots are fished a year and 10 percent of those are lost but still capable of catching crabs , and that each pot catches 50 crabs .
The Baywide number of adult crabs has been between 175 million and 180 million during the last two years . That means ghost pots may be catching 1 percent or more of the adult population in Virginia .
( Maryland has also conducted a smaller derelict crab pot collection effort . Those figures are still being analyzed , state officials say . )
Understanding the number of crabs caught through ghost fishing could be important for management . `` That is a number that , if we can quantify it in some way , will be important to the stock assessment , '' said Joe Grist , the VMRC 's deputy chief of fisheries .
Normally , when scientists do stock assessments , they assume that any crabs not taken in the fishery are lost to natural mortality . If a portion of those crabs are actually lost through an activity that can be managed , it gives agencies another way to influence the overall population , Grist said .
There could be a relatively simple way to help mitigate the problem , according to VIMS researchers . Watermen are required to install cull rings on their pots that are essentially escape hatches that allow small crabs to escape while retaining legal size crabs .
In research supported by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation , VIMS scientists have experimented with replacing cull rings with larger , biodegradable cull panels . The panels , made of a plant-based material , polyhydroxyalkanoate , are consumed by bacteria if left in the water .
The lost pots would still be a lethal trap for crabs and other species for several months until the panels degrade , but would then be relatively harmless for most wildlife , which would be able to move freely through the opening .
`` That is the idea , to not make too much of a burden on the actual commercial watermen , '' said Kirk Havens , assistant director of the VIMS Center for Coastal Resources Management . `` We are still saving two or three years or more of bycatch . ''
When the pots are pulled out of the water — as normally happens every few days during the fishing season — UV rays from the sun kill much of the bacteria , prolonging the life of the panel so it would typically last an entire fishing season .
Other materials might degrade more rapidly , but would have to be replaced several times each year , Havens said . The panels cost a little less than a dollar each , and to be most effective , each pot would need two . If the panels had to be replaced multiple times a year , it would become time-consuming and costly for watermen with large numbers of pots , they said .
Scientists tested the panel with several watermen in different parts of the Bay who fished them alongside unmodified pots . `` There was no difference in the catch rate at all , '' Bilkovic said .
New Zealand climate scientists wonder where the next attack on their work will come from in the lead-up to the Copenhagen climate talks .
Scientists yesterday rubbished claims from New Zealand climate-change sceptics that temperature data from around the country had been deliberately tampered with to show a higher degree of warming .
The suggestion from the New Zealand Climate Science Coalition and the Climate Conversation Group comes just days after `` Climategate '' , in which thousands of emails and documents sent between scientists were hacked from the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit and leaked on the internet .
Sceptics have been selecting out comments from the emails and saying they are evidence of selective science and even collusion in preparing reports for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research ( Niwa ) principal climate scientist James Renwick , sacked Niwa scientist Jim Salinger and commentator Gareth Renowden say the timing of the attacks is no coincidence .
The Climate Conversation Group ( CCG ) and the Climate Science Coalition have released their own analysis showing that unadjusted temperature readings from seven weather stations with 100-year-plus records – Auckland , Masterton , Wellington , Hokitika , Nelson , Lincoln and Dunedin – were stable and did not create the warming trend that Niwa 's adjusted figures did .
CCG convener Richard Treadgold claimed the results were `` shocking '' .
Niwa 's adjustment of early temperatures down by up to 1.3 degrees Celsius had introduced a `` false warming '' , allowing the graph to climb to the present day .
`` It 's a disgrace , '' Treadgold said .
Renwick , Salinger and Niwa chief climate scientist David Wratt hit back at the claims of manipulation .
Wratt said Niwa climate scientists had previously explained to members of the coalition why such corrections had to be made . They were disappointed they continued to ignore that and present misleading analyses .
Salinger said adjustments were made for legitimate reasons , such as changes of site .
`` I have n't seen this work but it will be b ....... , because I have worked on this for many years .
`` When I was doing my PhD , looking at the record up to 1975 , there were at least 50 to 60 climate stations started in the 1930s that , before we did anything , 90 per cent of them showed warming . ''
Renwick said there were several reasons for adjusting the temperature record , including introducing new thermometers or sensors to a weather site , and changes to its exposure caused by growing vegetation or urbanisation .
For example , the Wellington figures had to be adjusted down when the official weather site moved from the Thorndon waterfront to Kelburn .
`` That 's a move up of about 120 metres – that is the equivalent of a degree of cooling . ''
The claims were `` more of the same '' with Copenhagen only 10 days away .
`` This implies that people such as myself have some agenda and we 're deliberately trying to do something funny and we are going to profit from it . I 'd actually just like to get on with my work . ''
Renowden , of blog site Hot Topic , said the timing was deliberate .
`` I have no doubt that all of this is part of a concerted campaign to discredit climate science and prevent action on reducing emissions .
`` I do n't believe New Zealand 's climate sceptics are necessarily part of an American PR campaign , but I do think they play along with it . ''
The temperature analysis had `` zero credibility '' , they said .
Update week ! Notes are already out and the hype train has opened the dining cart for us to feast with our greasy fingers akimbo . There 's plenty going on in the professional world as well . What did you miss ?
Samsung E3 Tournament
Four of the best teams from around the world came to Los Angeles last week to compete in a special Invitiational at E3 . Hunters ( China ) , G2 ( Europe ) , Invincible Armada ( Korea ) and Team SoloMid ( North America ) went head to head to noggin in an exciting series of match ups . Over the course of two days the teams fought , mixed with community Battle Royale matches , leaving IA and TSM in the finals . Invincible Armada won the final series definitively , looking very comfortable against their old VIPL 2 rivals .
During the second match , as things were n't looking good for Team SoloMid , CullTheMeek marked out a smiley face in their base with scout traps . This has been called trolling and disrespectful by some portions of the community . There have also been reports that the players were told to “ have fun ” during the tournament , and that can be interpreted many ways . I think what it comes down to in the end is making decisions that always reflect positively on you and those you represent . Even in moments of frustration , it 's important to remember why you 're here .
Vainglory Invitational Series Finals
Saturday was a marathon affair with the top four teams for VIS competing in Best of Three series with true double elimination to determine the winner . Nemesis , Team Phoenix , Team SoloMid and Liberation all showed up and you best believe they brought it . Over the course of 6 series , we saw some spectacular play coming out of all sides . Old Skool rocking their Vox , MICSHE running circles with Skye and so many players drafting Kestrel with brutal results .
Number 1 seeded Nemesis was actually the first to fall as they lost to Team SoloMid and Liberation . VONC was n't present for the first series against TSM , but even when they did arrive to take on Lib , their over-aggressive play on Kestrel turned out to be their downfall . The entire squad of Nemesis had a fantastic season and certainly have the makings of champions .
Team SoloMid are in an odd place . While they seemed to come out from an experimental phase mid-season of VIS and back to their intellectually violent form , the Spring Season Championships and now VIS Championships saw a fractured group . Mike83 subbed in for CullTheMeek on Saturday and made a good show of it , comfortable in both lane and jungle on a variety of heroes . The issue seemed to be teamwork and overall coordination as they made haphazard decisions that often lead to senseless deaths . Hopefully they can work out the kinks , because even if Mike83 becomes a permanent fixture , they are one of the most talented teams in the world .
Liberation did my predictions proud . After falling to Team Phoenix in the opening round , they showed off some precision play in their series with Nemesis and TSM . The latter match had a dominant Lib in all three games , TSM able to pull off the win in one of them with their play from behind style . Liberation has been doing a lot right in switching off the “ lead carry ” position between PonTheOriginal and StatusBaked depending on what comp they chose for the situation .
Then we had Team Phoenix . These young guys were on a whole other level this weekend . They trounced Liberation , took TSM to three games but still looked good , and then swept Lib again in the finals . OldSkool on Vox and iLoveJoseph on Taka are two things that most teams should avoid letting happen . The Vox play has always been solid but the Taka play has been getting better and better , giving a type of depth to team fights that 's rarely seen as the true assassin is kind of a rare commodity in the Fold .
Congratulations to Team Phoenix for taking the first ever Vainglory Invitational Series ! Check out the VOD here and be sure to follow @ visleaguevg for updates on when Season two will be starting .
Tesseract Second Qualifier Finals
Infamous Legion done does it again with a finals win over TheFakeBosses . Coupled with their stupendous run through the First Qualifier , Infamous Legion had more than enough points to win the Spring Season . If that 's confusing , Tesseract bases their top place finishers on points earned through the tournaments , rather than granting seeding for a Championship bracket . What this means for NA and EU players is plan to see a lot more of Infamous if you happen to head out for VIPL 4 or the upcoming World Championships .
Bikini Krul Contest
Disappointing to some , the special summer skin for Krul does not wear a bikini . The Internet has been demanding that sexy skin and while I totally understand why SEMC would n't want to do that ( can you imagine coming into the game without any knowledge of it and see that ? ) they still found a way to honor the atrocity . This past weekend , another contest was held on Twitter to show off art depicting # BikiniKrul with a chance to win the Summer Party skin . I ca n't believe how many morons tried to pass of LuniTheLunicorn 's original art as their own , complete with bs watermark , but fortunately SuperEvil saw through the ruse and chose worthy entries .
Lyra Lore : The Consequence and The Inception
Okay , here 's your first narrative introduction to the new hero and BAM Samuel is there again . Who is this kid ? ? No time to speculate on that , we get a further glimpse into the world that was first introduced with Reim , known as Trostan , and the scope of Lyra 's protective powers . This was an intimate piece , despite its potential impact on the overarching , and gave a nice personal side to the Mage and their values .
Know Your OP History : Getting Skins
A little departure from past iterations of this piece , I want to talk this week about how difficult it used to be to get skins without paying and where we stand now . For the purpose of this , all my numbers and math are going to be centered around the idea of getting all three tiers of one skin . I hope you 'll see that this used to be a real pain in the ass , but now it 's incredibly doable and you 'll have it done before you 're old and gray .
When first introduced in Update 1.4 , cards came along with them in post game drops as a means to purchase and craft the skins . Then starting in 1.6 there was an ICE box and Glory box available at all times .
When skins were new , you had to start from scratch on cards but may have had some Glory in the bank for opening boxes . At first the Glory Box cost 749 ICE per pull , but had only 53 commons and 9 Rares ( as opposed to the 68 commons and 6 Rares now . Epic and Legendary remain the same ) . That was a bit of a drag , but box prices and quantities were later changed and now are reflected thusly :
Glory Box :
9,580 Glory- 68 commons 6 Rares 4 Epic 2 Legendary
552 Essence if dusted
Usually mixed between several heroes and not resulting in enough cards to craft any one skin outright .
ICE Box :
8,622 ICE ( ~ $ 63 ) - 50 Rares 16 Epic 6 Legendary
1,500 Essence if dusted
Enough cards to craft all three tiers of a skin . ( Lately ICE boxes focused on one skin each )
So you have these boxes full of cards , and are getting a card after games here and there , but how do you go about getting a skin and how long will it take ?
To really figure out a timeline , we also need to break down Essence . For the sake of argument , let 's assume you do n't need to craft Common cards as those tend to flow fast and free with post game drops . Otherwise , crafting skins cost the following :
Tier 1- 480 Essence
Tier 2- 1,440 Essence
Tier 3- 3,600 Essence
The quickest way to get a lot of cards is through a Glory Box . Without going into too many facts , assume the Glory income is around 50 per win plus bonuses ( 50 First Win , 150 Third Win , 250 Sinister Seven ) and averages out to around 375 a day if you factor in a loss here and there . If a box costs 9,580 Glory , you 're looking at 25 1/2 days to earn enough for one box . Chances are your Glory income would be higher , but do n't focus on that part of the story because it gets better from here .
Double , and Triple , Glory weekends are occasional holidays when you can really grind up some serious in-game cheddar , upwards of a 1,000 a day no problem . Lucky enough to take full advantage of a Double Glory weekend and your Glory box grind could be down 4 days at least .
Cards Crazy 8s came along soon after with a sweet opportunity to get 5 Rares , 2 Epics and a Legendary card if you won eight games in the 24 hour period . That 's 210 essence to put toward a skin of your choice . So now it 's getting easier to gain the cards and Glory you need to put toward a particular skin you like .
Next came Glory boosts you could purchase with ICE , but you do n't want to spend ICE in this scenario so forget that for a moment .
Then SEMC really dropped the love hammer and brought in Level and Quest chests . As you are probably aware these can contain Glory , ICE , cards , Essence and Boosts . Let 's get into the probabilities a little .
The Battle Royal chest is an interesting little helper . Renewable every four hours ( maximum 6 times a day if you ai n't sleeping ) the box will give an automatic prize for around 10 minutes of your time . I gathered results from many players and while most BR chests will give a small amount of Glory , ICE or Essence ( 10 , 10 , 3 ) as one of the two drops , there appears to be almost a 33 % chance of getting a card . Of those cards , from my evidence , about half were Rare or better .
Goal Quests ( Watch Video , Capture Minion Mines , Win with specific Hero ) also have a variety of drops when opening . The good news right off the bat is the card rate is much higher than BR chests . From my results , there 's a better than 75 % chance of getting cards in these chests and/or a minimum of 25 Glory ( that 's an extra BR win or regular loss ) .
Conquests ( often winning 5 public matches ) seem to have an almost guaranteed chance of getting at least a common card . Results show about 40 % for Rare or better and Glory a minimum of 50 ( that 's a Regular game win ! )
Assuming now you win three games a day with the benefit of Quests , ( two BR , one Goal 1/2 Conquest Chest ) your minimum daily income of Glory has risen to around 445 . That 's about a 20 % increase in profits and therefore your maximum time to get enough for a Glory Box is down to 20 days .
Finally those beautiful Level chests that we all gorged on when first arrived . The first 20 Level chests have some variation but , on average , grant a total of 16,525 Glory , 665 ICE , 145 Essence and another 816 Essence if you dust the cards ( not counting Commons ) . That gives you almost enough Glory for two Glory boxes ( 1104 Essence ) and more than enough Essence right away to craft your first tier of a skin .
Still not enough ? Level 30 chest guarantees 1000 ICE and buying a Tier 1 skin for 900 ICE is still the best deal to get yourself toward completing a set as you do n't have to worry about Rares as much and can focus your Essence on Epics and Legendaries .
Counterargument , SEMC is releasing skins almost every week now and so collecting them them all is getting harder too . That is where you need to decide what your priorities are . If you need every skin , it 's going to take a while . But if you focus your energy on just getting one full set at a time , the task is no longer OP .
Starting tomorrow we will have even more chances to get prizes , further reducing the pains of collection . If it ever does frustrate you , remember it 's all aesthetic and SEMC does n't even have to give you a chance to get skins for free .
“ Lore ” : Tag Team
Down by the center jungle camp , Jeff waits alone , looking around anxiously for their compartriot . After a few moments , Marty approaches from the tri-bush with a relaxed swagger .
Jeff– Are you okay ? You 're never late for work .
Marty– Today is different , old friend . We 're both knocking off early .
Jeff– What-
Marty presses a finger to Jeff 's lips with undue force .
Marty– Shhhh-shh-shh-shhhhhhhhh-shh-shh . You know what we need ?
Jeff– Weapons ?
Marty– No .
Jeff– Buffs ? Infusions ? Clothes ? Are we getting clothes ?
Marty– A vacation .
Jeff ( scoffs ) - Good luck with that , this place never takes a day off .
Marty– Of course , that would n't be good for business . And update downtime is only good for a spa day at most . But really , no one said we ca n't hire replacements .
Jeff– So we 're going to take a vacation and pay other creeps to cover for us ? Where are you getting all this gold ?
Marty– First , I know a guy that 's gon na let us crash at their condo . Second , check this out . ( Raising voice ) C'mere !
Two creeps shuffle out of the bush , they look exactly like Jeff and Marty , but that 's not really a challenge .
Jeff– Who 's this ?
Marty– It 's us .
Jeff– Explain .
Marty ( to look a likes ) - I 'm gon na kill you !
Marty makes a motion to hit them .
Fake Jeff– Our lives are meaningless .
Fake Marty– I want to get a pet hedgehog .
Fake Marty and Jeff swing their arms helplessly at their would-be attacker .
Jeff– Wait , are these-
Marty– Yep , Robits . I know a guy . They 're exactly like us in every way , have gold in their bellies and even say over twenty different things that we say .
Jeff– Those fools will never know the difference .
Marty– Plus , I already had them preloaded with any and all possible upgrades between now and 1.21 . We can take off for the whole summer .
Jeff steps forward to inspect the Robits .
Jeff– Marty…let 's get out of here .
Marty– Yay !
Marty hands Jeff a pair of aviator sunglasses and a piña colada . They head off toward the beach .
Jeff– Where did you get these ?
Marty– From my fanny pack .
Jeff– I did n't know you wore a fanny pack .
Marty– I do n't .
Join these two useless creeps every week in the Round Up for Summer Season in “ Jeff and Marty 's Summer Fling ”
Have fun with the new update ! Get that summer sun ! Come back to BrokenMyth this week for more content on 1.19 full of things your solo queue teammates will definitely have not read . Later Lyra portals and oblivious roam chortles .
If you do n't want a multiyear service contract or if you prefer to use a local carrier when traveling abroad , the unlocked iPhone 4 is the best choice . It arrives without a micro-SIM card , so you 'll need an active micro-SIM card from any supported GSM carrier worldwide .
As predicted , Apple has started selling unlocked ( GSM ) iPhone 4 devices in the U.S. early this morning.Pricing starts at $ 649 for a 16GB model and $ 749 for 32GB model . Both White and Black models are offered.The main advantage of buying an unlocked iPhone is for international travel , as the device is not dependent on any particular carrier . The U.S. only has one network ( AT & T ) which fully supports all the features of an unlocked GSM iPhone . T-Mobile is compatible with voice calls , but the 3G network is not compatible . The higher price of the iPhones reflect no-contract pricing as well as the unlocked status of the device . While the iPhone 4 had been sold unlocked in other countries , this is the first time Apple has offered them in the U.S .
What to See in Germany
It is Schwerin 's main tourist attraction .
The Royal Castle of Schwerin
It is definitely royal , in scale and ambition . Its construction almost ruined the town financially , so you can say it 's payback time . The Royal Castle of Schwerin was once the home of the Grand Dukes of Mecklenburg – built mainly in the mid 19th century with clear architectural references to the grand castles on the Loire .
Today , it is used partly as a museum , partly as the Parliament for the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern . As we left the town to get on hiking the Seven Lakes of Schwerin , we kept looking back and out for a view of the castle .
The Royal Castle of Schwerin was quite impressive , the farther away we went .
We were impressed . Are you impressed ?
This is our weekly contribution to Nancie 's Travel Photo Thursday . Check out other contributors on their site .
We share the highlights of our hiking holidays with our posts such as this . Do n't miss the latest by following us on Facebook or registering to get our free updates via email .
There 's ample evidence that happened in 2009 among the richest taxpayers . Their average income , $ 202 million , dropped from $ 270 million in 2008 and was the lowest since 2004 . Like Mr. Romney in 2010 , for the richest taxpayers most income comes from capital gains and other investment income . Their net capital gains ( the data does n't include gross gains and losses ) dropped by nearly 40 percent , from an average of $ 154 million in 2008 to $ 93 million in 2009 , which accounts for nearly all of their drop in total income . Even with these lower gains , these 400 taxpayers , a minuscule fraction of the population at large , still managed to account for 16 percent of all capital gains . That is the highest percentage since the data was first released for 1992 , when that percentage was less than 6 percent .
Tax experts I consulted said these results almost certainly reflected aggressive use of tax-loss carry-forwards from 2008 , since the stock market bottomed in March 2009 and rallied strongly during the rest of the year .
The superrich also accounted for a disproportionate amount of dividend income , which averaged over $ 26 million for the top 400 , or over 6 percent of total dividend income , also a record . Capital gains and dividends are both taxed at a maximum rate of 15 percent , as opposed to the maximum rate on earned income of 35 percent , which helps explain why so many of the superrich pay a relatively low rate . Still , that preferential rate does n't get them anywhere near zero , or even 10 percent .
Edward Kleinbard , professor of law at the Gould School of Law at the University of Southern California , explained it this way , “ You start with income dominated by tax-preferred income — capital gains and qualified dividends . That gets you to 15 percent . Then you use charitable contributions of appreciated securities to reduce ordinary income . But the charitable contribution deduction is capped at 50 percent of adjusted gross income . Now you 're way down , but you 're not at zero . ”
What does it take to get to zero , or close to it ? According to Professor Kleinbard , there are only two additional ways : tax loss carry-forwards to offset capital gains , and tax shelters , many of which have been deemed abusive by the I.R.S. , to offset any remaining ordinary income after other deductions .
( Other possibilities are the foreign tax credit and general business credit , but total tax credits averaged only $ 2.4 million for the top 400 , and neither would seem to be of much benefit to Mr . Romney . )
Since Mr. Romney seems to have had relatively little ordinary income since leaving Bain Capital , they may have been able to get to a very low rate in 2009 using tax loss carry-forwards from 2008 to offset capital gains and charitable contributions to offset up to 50 percent of their ordinary income . Without access to the returns , it 's impossible to know whether they would also have needed some additional form of tax shelter , aggressive or otherwise , to get even lower , or even to zero .
Photo
Mr. Romney has been taken to task for an abusive tax shelter used by Marriott International in 1994 while Mr. Romney was on the board and audit committee there . But there 's been no direct evidence they knew the details , and in any event , the I.R.S . started cracking down on such shelters in 2000 , making it highly unlikely Mr. Romney would have embraced the strategy for their own returns within the last decade .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He 's also been faulted for treating a horse partly owned by their wife as a loss-generating passive investment , rather than as a hobby . Even though that had little effect on their overall tax liability , Professor Kleinbard contends that that and other tax avoidance measures demonstrate a propensity to engage in aggressive tax strategies .
But even Professor Kleinbard doubts that Mr. Romney paid no income tax . “ It 's possible theoretically that Romney did n't pay , but improbable , ” they said . Far more likely is that they paid a very low rate that would generate renewed criticism .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
This may help explain why Mr. Romney is refusing to release more of their own returns , especially those for 2009 . On the face of it , their stubbornness is perplexing . The electorate already knows that he 's immensely wealthy and that they pay a very low tax rate compared with many people who make far less .
There 's no reason to fault Mr. Romney for taking advantage of loopholes the tax code offers the superrich , however ill advised they may be as a matter of public policy . Mr. Romney did n't make the law , and he 's called for broadening the tax base , which presumably means eliminating some of the breaks that benefited him . They could easily speak to that issue , since who would know better than they do which loopholes should be closed ?
Senator John McCain , the former Republican presidential candidate who received 23 years of Mr. Romney 's returns as part of the vice-presidential vetting process in 2008 , has volunteered that “ I can personally vouch for the fact that there was nothing in their tax returns that would in any way be disqualifying for them to be a candidate. ” Something that would disqualify , him , as opposed to merely alienating voters , may be a pretty high bar , but presumably it rules out anything illegal or unethical . Senator McCain declined to be more specific .
Which leaves plenty of room for speculation , informed or otherwise . Senator Reid of Nevada , the majority leader , set off a media storm when they told The Huffington Post the week before last that a former Bain Capital investor had told them Mr. Romney “ did n't pay any taxes for 10 years , ” adding , “ I 'm not certain ” if that 's true . It ca n't be — Mr. Romney must have paid sales , property and other taxes . Presumably Senator Reid 's unnamed source meant that Mr. Romney paid no federal income tax for years .
The candidate promptly denied the claim , saying they had paid taxes every year . Still , they were vague , telling ABC News they “ could n't remember ” whether they paid less than their 2010 federal income tax rate of 13.9 percent in some years and did n't specify which taxes they meant .
And when Senator McCain said there was nothing “ disqualifying ” in Mr. Romney 's returns , they would not have seen Mr. Romney 's returns for 2009 , which were filed after their vice-presidential vetting .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As long as Mr. Romney withholds their returns , continued speculation , and even outlandish conjecture , will probably flourish . “ It 's reinforced my view that he 'd be better off just releasing the returns rather than having people blindly speculating , ” Leonard E. Burman , a tax specialist and professor of public affairs at the Maxwell School of Syracuse University , told me this week . “ It seems like one of those slow-drip water torture things , and eventually he 's going to have to do it . ”
For the record , I paid total tax of 37 percent in 2010 and 33 percent in 2011 . And should there be a groundswell of interest , I 'll release my results for as many years as anyone wants . I have n't done the calculations for years before 2010 , but I 'd be surprised if they 're much different .
What 's abundantly clear , both from Mr. Romney 's 2010 returns and from the returns of the top 400 , is that at the very pinnacle of taxpayers , the United States has a regressive tax system . The top 400 earn more than 1 percent of all income in the United States , more than double their share in 1992 . These 400 earned a total of $ 81 billion in 2009 — but paid an average tax rate of just 19.9 percent .
“ It 's regressive because capital gains and dividends dominate the top returns and are taxed at a preferential rate , ” Professor Kleinbard said .
Professor Burman added : “ Our tax code has a number of flaws , one of which is that it does n't do a very good job of discriminating based on income . It is progressive over all , but very high-income people can pay very little tax . How they avoid tax is an important and legitimate issue we should be talking about . ”
In an interview with the BBC , Karl Rove declared they are 'proud ' of the US 's use of harsh interrogation techniques such as waterboarding . The former Bush adviser argued that the techniques helped keep America safe from further terrorist attacks and that they should not ultimately be considered torture .
Rove told the BBC : `` I 'm proud that we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists and gave us valuable information that allowed us to foil plots such as flying aeroplanes into Heathrow and into London , bringing down aircraft over the Pacific , flying an aeroplane into the tallest building in Los Angeles and other plots . ''
Regarding the legality of the techniques sanctioned in a series of controversial memos by Bush administration lawyers in 2002 , Rove said `` They 're appropriate , they 're in conformity with our international requirements and with US law . ''
Asked whether they thought waterboarding was torture , Rove said , `` No , it 's not . ''
`` Yes , I 'm proud that we kept the world safer than it was , by the use of these techniques , '' they said .
President Obama banned the use of waterboarding last year , stating that it was a form of torture and its use a `` mistake . ''
You can watch video of Rove 's interview with the BBC here .
A number of conversations I have had recently indicated to me that a lot of the world still does n't get what 's behind open source . It 's easy : economics .
The first thing you can trivially explain is why people work on open source at all . This has been a source of a vast amount of speculation , particularly irritatingly by sociologists . Ben Hyde has a fantastic list to which I will only add the explanation I love to hate : geek pride . We do it just to show off to each other .
Nope , it 's all bollocks – the motivation is simple : by solving your common problem together , you reduce your costs . There is absolutely no point in financing five different companies to produce five different products that do n't quite do what you want – far better to tweak the open source thing to do exactly what you need ( often expressed as “ scratching your itch ” around the ASF ) .
Some people whine that , because this is an option open only to geeks , open source is not really available to completely open participation . Well , kinda . If you are n't a geek yourself , you can always hire one . What do you mean , you do n't want to spend your money on free stuff ? Why not ? We all spend our time on it . Time that we could convert into money , if we so chose .
So why do n't we ? Because participating in the open source projects we participate in is worth more to us , in purely monetary terms , in the long run . This is why I no longer have much to do with Apache : it does what I need . I have no itch to scratch .
This leads me into the second easily explainable fact . People complain that open source projects do n't care about users . It 's true . They do n't – they care about people who are participating in the costs of producing the software . If you are n't contributing , why would your voice matter ?
Of course , you have to be careful when applying these obvious truths to what you see around you . For example , the presence of companies like Red Hat in the market complicates analysis . They have their own set of economic drivers , including the needs of their customers , which they then apply to the calculation around their participation in various projects . As the reach of open source extends , so do end users actually start to get an indirect say in what happens . But it costs them . Money .
Back in the good old days , it was so much simpler . All it cost me then was time .
`` Today , our societies are intertwined to the point that Mexico can not conceive itself without being a part of North America , '' said Sergio Alcocer , the undersecretary of North America for Mexico 's Secretariat of Foreign Affairs .
Mexico 's ties to the United States are expanding , especially on the economic front . Trilateral commerce now totals more than a trillion dollars . Over the last year , Mexico-U.S. trade grew 5.5 percent , reaching $ 534 billion ; trade with Canada reached $ 20 billion . Taken together , the three countries ' combined GDP represent nearly 30 percent of world GDP .
Alcocer said the region has also integrated its production chains . `` For every dollar Mexico exports to every country , 40 percent comes from the United States , '' noted the undersecretary . The two countries have made similar strides in regard to academic exchange , with 30,000 Mexican students having studied in the United States in 2014 .
Climate change issues also demand regional cooperation : `` There is no plan B because there is no planet B , '' said Alcocer . In March , both Mexico and the United States made commitments to reduce national emissions of greenhouse gases ; in Mexico 's case , 25 to 40 percent between 2020 and 2030 . Alcocer emphasized that Mexico is commited to ongoing dialogue with Canada and the United States on energy matters , such as renewable energy and energy efficiency .
Ministros de energía de los tres países establecieron las bases para colaborar en materia de datos energéticos públicos— @ SM_Alcocer # mxASCOA — AS/COA Online ( @ ASCOA ) May 21 , 2015
Finally , cybersecurity is a growing threat worldwide and so far each country has acted individually to address the issue . But these efforts should be combined into a regional strategy that can counter cyberattacks , especially those that target the financial sector .
We 're only two weeks through the 2015 college football season , a few steps into a long journey . Context is impossible at this point . But with that point acknowledged , why not have some fun with while the season is still fresh and the numbers are still wacky ?
Here are 15 funky stats through two weeks of this young season . Got any worthy of inclusion ? Tweet them to me @ zach_barnett .
1 . Georgia Tech currently leads the nation in yards per pass and rush . The Yellow Jackets have completed 12-of-15 passes for 209 yards , with four touchdowns and no picks , good for 13.9 yards per pass – a full two yards ahead of No . 2 Memphis . Georgia Tech has also rushed 108 times for 915 yards for 15 touchdowns – 8.47 yards per carry , more than two yards ahead of second place Air Force .
Here is every NCAA 's yards/rush attempt and yards/pass attempt in a chart . And Georgia Tech is way up in the corner . pic.twitter.com/ONJLBCxnvr — . ( @ Utebuntu ) September 14 , 2015
2 . Temple and Michigan State share the national lead with 11 sacks apiece . That 's more than Army , Kent State , Navy and New Mexico State recorded all of last season .
3 . Eight teams have yet to allow a sack thus far – Air Force , Army , Arkansas , Auburn , Maryland , Michigan State , Texas Tech and Toledo .
4 . Seven teams have yet to commit a turnover – Boston College , Georgia , LSU , Notre Dame , Toledo , USC and West Virginia .
5 . Only one team has yet to allow a sack or commit a turnover – Toledo .
6 . This :
Tennessee gained 51 yards on 1st 2 plays of 2nd half vs Oklahoma . Final 27 plays in regulation : 9 yards ( 0.33 ypp ) . Dobbs 4-13 passing . — Travis Haney ( @ TravHaneyESPN ) September 14 , 2015
7 . Opponents have converted 2-of-22 third down tries against Wake Forest . That 's 9.09 percent .
8 . Boston College has allowed one play of 20-plus yards . Baylor has achieved 20 .
9 . Four teams have had at least five red zone penetrations and scored touchdowns on all of them – Air Force , Georgia Tech , Northern Illinois and Rice .
10 . Kansas State and Illinois have each allowed only one red zone trip so far this year . Both ended that lone possession scoreless .
11 . Georgia Tech has committed only two penalties so far . Miami ( Ohio ) has committed 20 .
12 . Tulsa 's opponents have been flagged 27 times through two games . Florida State 's have been flagged three .
13 . Old Dominion running back Ray Lawry has rushed 59 times for 438 yards and six touchdowns . Last year , Washington State ran – as a team – for 478 yards and five scores .
14 . On Saturday night in Austin , Rice ran more plays against Texas ( 96 ) than the Longhorns have run this season ( 90 ) .
15 . Ole Miss has averaged 74.5 points through two games . That 's 1.7 more than Andy Kennedy 's basketball team averaged last season .
SONIC YOUTH frontman Thurston Moore has reportedly joined TWILIGHT , the black metal supergroup featuring NACHTMYSTIUM mainman Blake Judd .
TWILIGHT 's current lineup is rounded out by THE ATLAS MOTH 's Stavros Giannopoulos , producer Sanford Parker , Wrest ( a.k.a . Jef Whitehead ) from LEVIATHAN and Imperial ( a.k.a . Neil Jameson ) from KRIEG .
TWILIGHT is scheduled to enter the studio later this month to begin recording a new album for a fall release via Century Media Records .
`` I had SONIC YOUTH records when I was 12 , '' Judd told The 1st Five in an interview . `` And to now know that , not only am I having a dialogue with this person about anything , but dude 's gon na join a band I started , and it 's like . . . whoah . Fucking amazing , amazing feeling . ''
They added , `` I 've done so much shit , and worked with so many cool people , and I 'll get to work with Thurston . You know Century Media could offer us $ 100,000 to make that TWILIGHT record and say : 'Blake , you get ninety percent of that money but Thurston Moore 's not gon na be on the record , or , you can be on it and we 'll give you 10 grand and that 's what you have to make it work . ' And I would , I would take the 10 grand and work with Thurston . That 's like how much I love SONIC YOUTH . ''
Details about the Overwatch Halloween Terror event leaks , while game director Jeff Kaplan teases the addition of two new playable characters and six new maps .
As an online multiplayer game , various tweaks and changes are made to Overwatch all the time . For example , a huge redesign for support hero Symmetra is being planned and developer Blizzard recently introduced a fix for a thumbstick acceleration issue . Soon , though , the usual balance changes and bug fixes are n't the only things set to be added to the game , as Blizzard is also planning to introduce lots of new content too .
In the immediate future , players should expect Overwatch to host a special , Halloween themed event . According to a prematurely posted Xbox Store listing , the game will celebrate the spookiest time of the year with something called “ Halloween Terror. ” If the information is correct , Halloween loot boxes will be made available until November 1 ( 4PM , PT ) , offering players “ more than 100 Halloween items ” including skins , sprays , highlight intros , victory poses , player icons , voice lines and , of course , credits .
Unfortunately , unlike the Overwatch summer games event that coincided with the Rio 2016 Olympics , it does n't appear that the event will feature a limited game mode . However , that may be because Blizzard has its work cut out creating two new Overwatch heroes , along with six new maps .
The confirmation of even more gameplay content comes from the latest Overwatch Developer Update . In the video embedded above , game director Jeff Kaplan confirms that the team is “ actively working on more heroes now. ” One of these characters is “ very far along ” and Kaplan reveals that “ we 're play-testing it internally across the whole company . ”
“ We believe this hero will see the light of day sooner rather than later , ” says the game director . This lead many fans to speculate that he 's referring to rumored hero Sombra , a character that has been teased for quite some time .
Another new character is in the prototype stages , explains Kaplan , who says that “ we 're using placeholder models and effects and animations just to prove-out that the hero is fun. ” The character is “ really great , ” they add , but they probably wo n't see the light of day until sometime next year .
On maps , Kaplan says that “ we work on a couple of different kinds of maps. ” Two of those in development are for existing Overwatch game modes ( one is a prototype , the other is “ very far along ” and is having art added to it now ) , while four of those are “ prototype developer-only stages of new game modes that we 're experimenting with. ” Those looking for a follow up for the recently released map Eichenwalde will be disappointed to hear Kaplan say that “ I do n't think all of them will become actual maps that will end up launching , ” but the promise of new content in general is exciting .
Overwatch is available now for PC , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
Source : Reddit
Laura Kane , The Canadian Press
KITIMAT , B.C . -- The northern British Columbia communities of Kitimat and Terrace were buried in nearly two metres of snow on Saturday , as a stormy Pineapple Express weather system continued to pummel the B.C . coast .
About 168 centimetres of snow fell on Kitimat between 4 p.m. Thursday and 4 a.m. Saturday , while 159 centimetres fell in Terrace during the same time period .
The massive blizzard cut power to thousands of BC Hydro customers , although most had their power restored by Saturday evening . Many businesses were shuttered and residents of both communities were warned to stay indoors .
The District of Kitimat opened its Emergency Operations Centre Friday night in order to organize extra equipment . Private contractors were also brought in to help with road clearing .
Tyler Noble , communications officer for the District of Kitimat , said crews were fighting to keep up with the barrage of snow that fell from Thursday to early Saturday .
`` They 've been at it for so long , they needed to get some rest in there somewhere as well , '' they added . `` The severity of the snow combined with how long it has been snowing has caused some issues for us . ''
They said crews were able to clear most arterial roads by Saturday afternoon and were focusing on side streets , but drivers were still being urged to stay home .
`` One of the problems that has slowed the snow removal effort here has been that vehicles have been getting stuck all over the place , '' they said .
Noble added that it was not bitterly cold in Kitimat , with temperatures ranging from -5 C to -1 C , but they urged people to check on their neighbours during the blackouts .
`` That 's what we 're known for in the North , helping each other out , '' they said , adding that emergency services including ambulances were still available .
The heavy snowfall just fell short of breaking 24-hour records , as 109 cm fell in Kitimat over 24 hours and the previous record was 112.3 centimetres on Feb. 18 , 1972 , according to Environment Canada .
`` It 's not a record , but it 's still very significant , '' said Andre Besson , a meteorologist with the federal agency . `` It will likely be in the top five . ''
A Pineapple Express results when a strong flow of moist air that originates near Hawaii moves along the western coast of North America . This warm air overrode the cold Arctic air in northern B.C. , causing the heavy snowfall , said Besson .
The system has also caused massive amounts of rain to fall over the south coast of B.C . since Thursday . Besson said about 52.7 millimetres fell in West Vancouver during that period , while 159.1 millimetres fell on Squamish .
Environment Canada issued a rainfall warning for Howe Sound on Saturday , with between 30 to 50 millimetres of rain expected to drench the south coast that night .
Besson said flooding was reported in the Arrow Lakes-Slocan Lake region , and a great deal of the interior of northeastern Washington remained under a flood watch Saturday .
Blue Ivy Carter , the prodigal child of Beyoncé Knowles and Sean “ Jay-Z ” Carter , is growing up to be exactly like them mumma .
The five-year-old took part in a dance recital over the weekend , and some parent in the audience must 've ignored their own kid and focused on the famous bub instead , because footage has appeared on none other than TMZ .
Blue was centre stage for their ballet recital , twirling , high kicking and blocking their way through a routine to Earth , Wind & Fire ‘ s ‘ September ‘ .
It 's not the first time Blue Ivy has performed ; they made their vocal debut in Jay-Z 's ‘ Glory ‘ two days after their birth , and has appeared in Bey 's videos for both ‘ Formation ‘ and ‘ Blue ‘ .
They also frequently pops up on Bey 's Instagram to melt your goddamn heart .
A post shared by Beyoncé ( @ beyonce ) on May 19 , 2017 at 5:07pm PDT
But this latest footage already has the Beyhive prepping for Blue Ivy 's world tour come 2032 .
So are we gon na discuss how Blue Ivy 's kick is higher than Beyoncé 's ? They put Beyoncé 's lil formation kick to SHAME . A REAL dancer . — Ray ( @ _BluRay__ ) June 5 , 2017
Blue Ivy is a PERFORMER ! They have their stage presence on 100 % . Notice they put them back into it with the heart beat ! https : //t.co/Jg9j41C02K — . ( @ beyupdates_ ) June 5 , 2017
A special s/o to the parent who was more focused on Blue Ivy @ that recital than their own damn child . Sometimes you got ta make sacrifices . — Blanket Jackson ( @ steenfox ) June 5 , 2017
In 20 years Blue Ivy is gon na play that ballet recital video during their world tour before giving us the updated version . — king crissle ( @ crissles ) June 5 , 2017
Photo : Jeff Kravitz / Getty .
`` I wanted to take the essence of Mario Paint , the really fun elements where it was enjoyable just interacting with the software itself , and bring that into our new game . ''
- Nintendo 's Takashi Tezuka explains howis expected to circumvent a commondesign challenge -- level difficulty -- by drawing design inspiration from a classic SNES game.producer Takashi Tezuka offered a bit of insight into how Nintendo went about designing the upcoming Wii Ulevel-making game with inspiration from an SNES cult classic.Tezuka claims their long-running desire to design a-esque game revolving around creativity and user-generated content was reignited when they saw a prototype level editor designed by a Nintendo tools team for use in making actualgame stages . `` The tools team , they just make developer tools , they do n't make courses , '' said Tezuka . `` But they had a lot of fun with this editor , so they thought we could make a game out of it . `` And sure enough , now that 's what Nintendo is doing . While discussing the design process , Tezuka points out that the company seesas a game that can potentially satisfy both experienced and casual players by bridging all skill gaps , since players create their own levels . `` When the originalcame out , it was the first of its kind . No one was good or bad at the game , '' said Tezuka . `` Now we have people who like action games and many other kinds of games � it 's really varied . With , anybody can play it and use it any way they like . `` The full interview is worth reading over on the USGamer website , as it offers interesting insight into how Nintendo is circling back around to building a game focused on user-generated content again , now that titles with likeandhave seen remarkable success with similar features .
Everybody wants faster Internet service . But would you pay $ 100,635,190 for it ? Too late , you already did !
That 's the amount of stimulus money being spent to run fiber optic lines to government buildings in rural areas in Colorado—frequently in towns that already have some kind of comparable service .
EagleNet , the stimulus-fueled operation , says it 's providing faster , cheaper service to schools and government offices , but this Denver TV station investigation found fat executive salaries and perks , under-qualified managers , and other kinds of corporate mismanagement .
( Be sure to enjoy the sinister reporter voice saying `` LOL '' at the 20 second mark . )
But let 's take another step back : Did you notice the Skype interview with a guy in one of the supposed strapped , underserved towns ? That 's an interview that required live streaming video over the Internet . Not exactly a great way to illustrate dire need . Do n't get me wrong , stutterly Skype is The . Worst . But it may not be cause intervention to the tune of millions in federal tax dollars .
Via the Washington Free Beacon .
Nick Schuyler , the only man rescued after a fishing-party that included NFL players went missing Saturday , spoke about what happened to the other men . The St. Petersburg Times reported on what Schuyler told the Coast Guard , warning that the story is `` strange '' and should n't be taken at face value considering Schuyler had spent two days in cold water .
Read what Schuyler said below and see a slideshow of the players ' families awaiting news on their loved ones .
Schuyler told investigators that about two to four hours after their boat flipped in rough seas , one of the two National Football League players on board gave up hope and let themselves be swept away , according to relatives briefed by the Coast Guard . A few hours later , the second one did the same . `` We were told that Nick said the two NFL players took their life jackets off and drifted out to sea , '' said Bob Bleakley , whose son Will , 25 , a former University of South Florida football player , is also still missing . With former Tampa Bay Buccaneers Marquis Cooper , 26 , and Corey Smith , 29 , gone , only Schuyler and Will Bleakley remained clinging to the boat . Then , sometime early Monday , Will Bleakley thought they saw a light in the distance . They decided to take off their life jacket and swim to it , hoping to get help , Bob Bleakley said Schuyler told the investigators .
Read more of the article from the The St. Petersburg Times .
The AP reports that the missing players ' families are still searching for them despite the Coast Guard 's decision to end its search :
Private boats and planes searched Wednesday for two NFL players and a third man missing for four days since their boat capsized in the Gulf of Mexico off Florida , family members said . The Coast Guard called off the official search Tuesday for Oakland Raiders linebacker Marquis Cooper , who owned the boat , free-agent NFL defensive lineman Corey Smith and former South Florida player William Bleakley . But their families appealed for help to keep hunting .
© Global Look Press
The technologies developed and deployed by PETER-SERVICE today go far beyond the classical billing process and extend into the realms of surveillance and control . Although compliance to the strict surveillance laws is mandatory in Russia , rather than being forced to comply PETER-SERVICE appears to be quite actively pursuing partnership and commercial opportunities with the state intelligence apparatus .
As a matter of fact PETER-SERVICE is uniquely placed as a surveillance partner due to the remarkable visibility their products provide into the data of Russian subscribers of mobile operators , which expose to PETER-SERVICE valuable metadata , including phone and message records , device identifiers ( IMEI , MAC addresses ) , network identifiers ( IP addresses ) , cell tower information and much more . This enriched and aggregated metadata is of course of interest to Russian authorities , whose access became a core component of the system architecture .
According to Wikileaks , Peter-Service 's DRS solution can handle 500,000,000 connections per day in one cluster . While the claimed average search time for subscriber related-records from a single day is ten seconds . `` State intelligence authorities use the Protocol 538 adapter built into the DRS to access stored information , '' it adds .
Peter-Service has also apparently developed a tool called TDM ( Traffic Data Mart ) - which allows the database to be queried to determine `` where users ' data traffic is stored in order to understand visited sites , forums , social media '' , as well as how much time is spent on a certain site and the electronic device used to access it .
Wikileaks describes TDM as `` a system that records and monitors IP traffic for all mobile devices registered with the operator '' , and says it maintains a list of categorized domain names - `` which cover all areas of interest for the state . These categories include blacklisted sites , criminal sites , blogs , webmail , weapons , botnet , narcotics , betting , aggression , racism , terrorism and many more '' .
`` Based on the collected information the system allows the creation of reports for subscriber devices ( identified by IMEI/TAC , brand , model ) for a specified time range : Top categories by volume , top sites by volume , top sites by time spent , protocol usage ( browsing , mail , telephony , bittorrent ) and traffic/time distribution , '' it adds .
Perhaps in an attempt to refute recurring allegations that it has traditionally focused on exposing only US state secrets , if not being an outright covert and subversive Moscow front , today Wikileaks released a new cache of documents which it claims detail surveillance apparatus used by the Russian state to spy on Internet and mobile users . It 's the first time the organization has leaked material directly pertaining to the Russian state.The full datadump can be found here In its summary of the cache of mostly Russian-language documents , ( both of which were detailed in the 2013 Snowden disclosures ) .And speaking of , shortly following the publication , another famous whistleblower , one also exiled and currently residing in Russia , Edward Snowden tweeted `` Plot twist : @ Wikileaks publishes details on Russia 's increasingly oppressive internet surveillance industry. '' . ( see this tweet comment thread as one example ) . Making matters more complicated , The documents published today by Wikileaks ( there are just 34 `` base documents '' in this leak ) relate to a St. Petersburg-based company , called Peter-Service , which it claims is a contractor for Russian state surveillance . According to Tech Crunch , the company was set up in 1992 to provide billing solutions before going on to become a major supplier of software to the mobile telecoms industry.Wikileaks writes One of Wikileaks ' media partners for the release , the Italian newspaper La Repubblica reports that the documents cover `` an extended timespan from 2007 to June 2015 '' , and describes the contents as `` extremely technical '' . It also caveats that the documents do not mention Russia 's spy agency , the FSB , but rather `` speak only of state agencies '' , a formula it asserts '' . It also says the documents do `` not clarify what other state apparatus accesses those data through the solution of the St. Petersburg company '' .Wikileaks says that under Russia law operators must maintain a Data Retention System ( DRS ) , which can store data for up to three years . La Repubblica reports that Peter-Service 's DRS stores telephone traffic data and `` allows Russian state agencies to query the database of all stored data in search of information '' - which it specifies can include calls made by a certain telephone company 's customer ; payment systems used ; the cell phone number to which a user is calling . `` The manuals published by WikiLeaks contain the images of interfaces that allow you to search within these huge data fields , so access is simple and intuitive , '' it adds.Some technical details : Wikileaks points to a 2013 Peter-Service slideshow presentation ( it says this also appears to be publicly available on the company 's website ) , which it claims is targeted not at telco customers but at state entities such as Russia 's FSB and Interior Ministry ( despite this document apparently being in the public domain ) - in which the company focuses on a new product , called DPI * GRID ; which it says is a hardware device for Deep Packet Inspection that takes the form of `` black boxes '' apparently able to handle 10Gb/s traffic per unit.Wikileaks adds that `` the national providers are aggregating Internet traffic in their infrastructure and are redirecting/duplicating the full stream to DPI * GRID units . The units inspect and analyse traffic ( the presentation does not describe that process in much detail ) ; the resulting metadata and extracted information are collected in a database for further investigation . A similar , yet smaller solution called MDH/DRS is available for regional providers who send aggregated IP traffic via a 10Gb/s connection to MDH for processing . `` Wikileaks also makes a point of noting that the presentation was written `` just a few months after Edward Snowden disclosed the NSA mass surveillance program and its cooperation with private U.S. IT-corporations such as Google and Facebook '' . `` Drawing specifically on the NSA Prism program , the presentation offers law enforcement , intelligence and other interested parties , to join an alliance in order to establish equivalent data-mining operations in Russia , '' it adds - sticking its boot firmly back into U.S. government mass surveillance programs.The full release can be found here .
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . -- When rookie punter Ryan Allen went undrafted and signed a free-agent contract with the Patriots on May 3 , they were a longshot to stick .
The Patriots had incumbent Zoltan Mesko , and while Allen was a two-time Ray Guy Award winner as the nation 's top collegiate punter , it was n't as if other teams ( two selected punters in the draft ) were knocking down their door . It was the Patriots and Raiders , and they ultimately chose New England on a modest contract that included a $ 1,500 signing bonus and $ 2,500 base salary guarantee .
But all the Salem , Ore. , native was looking for was a chance to prove himself . They got it , won the job in a close competition and has had a solid first season .
Allen , who will turn 24 on Feb. 28 , shares their `` football journey '' :
When they first started playing football : `` Eighth grade . Middle school lightweights . I was just under the weight limit for light and heavyweight . But then I did n't play in high school until my junior year . I played two years of high school , did n't really pay much attention to it -- I was the kicker and also was playing receiver and [ defensive back ] as well . I played mostly basketball in high school . Senior year , I started catching on pretty quickly because of my strong soccer background and started getting a couple of [ college ] letters . Once that happened , I started looking into going to a camp and getting myself evaluated and seeing where I stacked up nationally against everybody else . ''
Why they first went out for football : `` I was big into sports and everybody else did it . I did n't have anything to do in that season . It was right around the time I stopped playing soccer -- I had been playing year-round since I was 8 or 9 years old , traveling up to Portland , Ore. , which was about an hour away from where I lived at the time . After a while , being so young and doing one sport the whole time , I kind of got burned out from the whole soccer thing . So when I stopped playing , during the fall , I was looking for something else to do and I figured I 'd do what everyone else was doing . ''
A scouting report on their work as a receiver and defensive back : `` I always had good hands and I was decently fast at the time , but not very strong . And corner was just way too hard [ laughing ] . We had a couple of receivers get D-I offers and I was trying to guard them , getting my ankles broken , falling down . But it was fun . ''
Ryan Allen made the most of their training camp opportunity , beating out incumbent Patriots punter Zoltan Mesko . Timothy T. Ludwig/USA TODAY Sports
Favorite teams growing up : `` I really did n't have one . My first NFL game was the first game I played in . If I had to pick one , it would be the Seahawks because I was only a couple hours from there . ''
Favorite players growing up : `` When I first started paying attention more , it was in college , and at that point I was more focused on the punters and kickers , seeing how they were doing , what they were doing , and trying to pick up on small stuff . [ Sebastian ] Janikowski and [ Shane ] Lechler were right up there , in their prime . They were great to watch [ with the Raiders ] . ''
Enrolling at Oregon State : `` There was a job opening up for the punter position , and it was me and one other walk-on [ Johnny Hekker ] to win the job . They were an All-State quarterback , bigger , 6-5 . With my soccer background , I thought it was a good opportunity . It was n't guaranteed and we competed hard . They ended up choosing them at the end of the day . I had a rough day and kind of hung my head a little bit , and I think that , to them , it was 'We need a guy who is going to be mentally stable . ' As a coach , I would have done the same thing . So they got the scholarship and as I got better , I thought ' I can definitely go play somewhere else . ' That 's how I made the decision to transfer once that time came . ''
How they chose Louisiana Tech : `` Honestly , the transfer process is brutal . I have a strong opinion on this -- I think it needs to be easier . I think kids get locked up so easily and the mere fact that you ca n't transfer straight over in a division if a coach has called you more than twice ; these are 17- and 18-year old kids we 're talking about here . It 's too easy for people to sweet-talk them into a program , and when things do n't pan out or they do n't adapt quickly or perform quickly enough , they 're kind of out of luck . For me , it was hard to get my name out there and that I would be eligible to play right away . Some of those bigger schools were kind of iffy . Louisiana Tech was loyal . They had me come down for a visit . It was going to be warmer weather down there . Some of the players who hosted me were my kind of guys . Everything kind of clicked and it felt like the right decision . I got to be at a bigger school for a couple years [ at Oregon State ] in a bigger-city atmosphere , so the small-town country feel was kind of cool . I liked it . ''
Top football memories in college : `` Going to a bowl game in San Diego was great . That was a year we played very well and it was cool to see players who did n't find success there for a couple of years being able to enjoy that . Also , all those times competing with Johnny at Oregon State , and we went to a couple of Bowl games . Just competing at a younger age , watching all those guys , I 'll never forget all that . Another great moment is having a lot of success with our punt coverage team and being able to be recognized nationally [ with the Ray Guy Award as the nation 's top punter ] at the awards ceremony . ''
Going through the NFL pre-draft process : `` I thought I performed well . I could have done better at the Senior Bowl , did well at the combine , nothing spectacular . I felt confident about myself and my abilities , but at the end of the day , I had a lot of good guidance from my agent [ Ryan Morgan/Zeke Sandhu ] and my uncle who had been through the same scenario . They were telling me the best thing to do is have zero expectations and you 're going to end up where you end up , and you have zero control over it . A big motto of mine is 'Do n't worry and do n't stress over things I ca n't control . ' No one is perfect , but it helps when you have that mentality . ''
Not being selected in the draft and signing with the Patriots : `` It was n't a big letdown . Obviously , after that , there are moments where you say 'Dang ' , and there 's a bad feeling in the pit of your stomach . But in the end , it 's all about competition . Nothing is a guaranteed spot these days and you can be in there and out of there in two days regardless . It all happened extremely fast and all I knew was that it was an option with Oakland , here , and there were a couple of calls to attend a practice as a camp leg [ on a tryout ] . I was n't interested in the [ tryout ] . I wanted a chance where I could come in and compete , and they were straight-forward here . It 's a great organization and program , and from a competitive standpoint , it was the better opportunity . ''
Competing with Zoltan Mesko in training camp and preseason : `` It was great . I felt like it was a healthy competition . Zoltan and I got along . I was able to watch him , on the sidelines , in practice , how they go about things . Holding was new to me . So just being able to visually watch him , and things they did , was helpful . ''
Summing up their rookie season : `` I 'm a real big competitor and I nitpick , so the first thing I do is focus on the things I 'd like to do better . But overall , first and foremost , to be able to work with [ snapper ] Danny Aiken and [ kicker ] Stephen Gostkowski and have them be so open , it 's been a very good work environment . It 's hard to grab a new holder , especially someone who has never done it before -- a lot of composure and confidence goes into that and you see that with Steve . I think that 's the biggest thing I 've been proud of -- being able to come in here and do something I was n't accustomed to doing . ''
What they love about football : `` The situational aspect of it . Sometimes we may be called upon only two or three times per game , but those given plays , if it goes wrong , it 's an all-or-nothing deal . If you 're backed up and you mishit it , or you hit it well and it makes a world of difference , pinning them inside the 10 or 5 , and giving them 95 yards to go . It has such a big impact on the momentum of the game and that 's what I like about what I do in this game . Sometimes I would love to be out there running routes , and doing things more active because I 'm an adrenaline junkie . I 'm learning , it 's a work in progress , and I like where it 's headed . ''
Role models growing up : `` When I was little , Sean O'Connor , who was from Salem , Oregon , was my neighbor . They were a big soccer player and they got me into it . I looked up to him . They were the reason I ended up getting into it , so I give them a lot of the credit . It 's funny how things start so random like that . ''
Summing up their football journey : `` Perseverance and optimism has gone far for me ; up until my senior year of high school , I did n't know what opportunities I would have , or what type of skill set I had at the position . The transferring process was so difficult . There were a few times I did n't think I 'd be able to , and I was just thinking about going back to school and not playing any more . It 's crazy to think that type of decision could have that type of impact . I do n't even know where I would be right now . The perseverance my mom [ Sherry ] had throughout that whole process . And all the times I felt iffy and insecure about my talent , to be able to push through those and continue to work on something I love is sweet , man . It 's why I cherish it and I 'm thankful for it . I want to keep working and getting better because it 's something I 've put a lot of time in to doing . Why stop now ? ''
Specialized high schools like Stuyvesant , Brooklyn Tech and Bronx Science require a high score on the specialized high school admissions test . View Full Caption Facebook/AdmissionSquad
MANHATTAN — The city 's high-stakes Specialized High School Admissions Test — the exam eighth graders take to get into the city 's eight most elite schools like Stuyvesant and Bronx Science — is getting its first overhaul in 20 years in a bid to boost diversity , officials said .
But experts say the exam — which will be administered starting in the fall — will do little to address institutional issues that plague the city 's most elite academies in an already highly segregated school system .
“ Tests change all the time , but outcomes rarely change , ” said Bige Doruk , CEO and president of the tutoring company Bright Kids NYC , noting that changing the exam will likely not change the fact that certain middle schools in the city act as feeders to the specialized high schools .
Of roughly 5,100 students who received offers to this year 's incoming first-year student classes at the eight schools requiring the Specialized High School Admissions Test , just 4 percent were black and roughly 6 percent were Latino , according to DOE data .
A study from the Center for NYC Affairs found that 60 percent of students the specialized high schools came from just 45 middle schools .
“ Kids who prepare for this test , prepare for hours . That 's not going to change , ” they said , noting that students come to their tutors two to three times a week for several months in addition to taking additional “ cram ” courses .
Rather than expanding admissions criteria , the DOE decided to redesign the exam created by Pearson , the testing company . The revamped exam increases the testing time to 180 minutes , from 150 . There will be 114 questions , up from 95 , with 57 items for the English section and 57 items for math .
Other changes include five math questions that will require students to show their work and provide the correct answers rather than pick from multiple choice options and 20 questions in the English section asking students to edit and revise sentences to show their writing and grammar skills , replacing as first reported in the Wall Street Journal .
The test will no longer include the dreaded “ scrambled paragraphs , ” where students had to reassemble sentences in the right order and logical reasoning questions that are like word puzzles on law school admissions exams .
DOE spokesperson Will Mantel said the changes will make the tests more reflective of all students ' classwork .
“ These changes to the SHSAT make it fairer and more equitable for our students by better reflecting what they actually learn in class , and now our focus is on getting practice items to schools , students , and community organizations in every neighborhood across the city , '' they said .
But David Bloomfield , an education professor at Brooklyn College and the CUNY Graduate from Center , worried that the changes might even be more of a barrier to equity than the current test , which Mayor Bill de Blasio had campaigned to get rid of , they noted .
While the scrambled paragraph exercise may not have reflected “ real world ” skills , they did tap into whether a student demonstrated a “ logical mind , ” they said .
The new English questions will benefit those who have more exposure to sitting with parents who edit their homework , helping them learn how to revise and edit , they said .
“ It will increase inequity rather than decrease it , ” they said .
A handbook with two full-length practice exams will not be available until June .
Tucked in with the changes are the first-ever inclusion of so-called field test questions — dummy questions that will not count towards a student 's score but are used by the Department of Education to help craft future exams .
Starting in the fall , 20 of the test 's 114 questions — or nearly 18 percent — will be field test items , according to a DOE memo explaining the changes . The exam will not indicate in any way which questions are real questions and which are field test questions .
“ Students should not spend any time trying to determine which items are scored and which items are field test items , ” the DOE memo said .
Field testing has long been controversial for families worried that their children are being used as guinea pigs for more tests . The city , however , says the items are needed to help create more effective tests .
“ Field testing is a critical component of the test development process , and helps to ensure that tests are reliable , valid , and free of bias , ” the city wrote in its explanation . “ By embedding field test items on the SHSAT , NYCDOE will be able to further ensure that test items are free of bias for New York City 's diverse student population . ”
Some families , however , fear while the field test items do n't count , their impact on students taking this test — which is the sole factor determining admission — could be real .
“ You ca n't use somebody as a guinea pig on something that has such important repercussions , ” said Elissa Stein , a Brooklyn Tech parent who runs a service called High School 411 helping other parents navigate the high school admissions process .
“ When it comes to testing strategy , ” they explained , “ you have to work so hard on when to let go of a question . If 20 questions do n't matter , what does that do to a kids ' psyche ?
`` They added more time to the test , '' they continued , `` but they added more questions and a significant number do n't count . It 's an added variable that puts more pressure on kids . ”
McCain : ‘ I Dont Think Americans Are Concerned ' If We Stay In Iraq For ‘ 10,000 Years '
Last week , Sen. John McCain ( R-AZ ) said it “ would be fine with ” them if the U.S. military stayed in Iraq for “ a hundred years ” or even a “ million years . ”
Fifty-nine percent say the U.S. should “ stick to a withdrawal timetable ” instead of keeping “ a significant number of troops in Iraq until the situation there gets better , even if that takes many years . ”
But on CBS 's Face the Nation , McCain claimed that Americans would not be “ concerned ” if the U.S. spends “ 10,000 years ” in Iraq :
The point is it 's American casualties . We 've go to get American 's off the frontlines , have the Iraqis as part of the strategy , take over more and more of the responsibilities , and then I do n't think Americans are concerned if we 're there for one hundred years or a thousand years or ten thousand years .
Watch it :
As Crooks and Liars notes , on NBC 's Meet the Press , McCain further expressed their desire for a permanent Iraq occupation , going as far as to suggest that they support “ permanent bases ” in the country
RUSSERT : Would you have permanent bases ?
McCAIN : If that seems to be necessary in some respects . It depends on the threat .
Not long ago , McCain felt very differently about occupying Iraq . In November , they told Charlie Rose that arguing that a South Korea-like presence is not an “ analogy ” they would use for Iraq . On June 10 , 2007 , McCain told George Stephanopolous that they oppose permanent bases :
STEPHANOPOULOS : So no permanent bases ?
McCAIN : No , not forever , but certainly , we would be there for a long period of time in a support role , in many ways .
But by McCain 's logic , 10,000 or even one million years is not “ forever . ”
After Ginny Thrasher won the first gold medal of the Rio Olympics over Du Li and Yi Siling of China , Olympic officials raised incorrect Chinese flags to the rafter during the medal ceremony . See those flags up there ? Notice any differences between them and the real Chinese flag below ?
The small stars on the flags that featured in the Olympics are all at the same angle , whereas the stars on the official flag are all tilted so that they point back towards the center of the larger star . Chinese Central Television first reported on it , via the Wall Street Journal :
“ Some attentive web users have discovered that the five-star red flag used at this Olympics appear problematic , ” state broadcaster China Central Television said on its official Weibo microblog . “ The national flag is the symbol of a nation ! No problems are permissible ! ”
Olympic officials apologized for the mixup , while noting that Chinese Olympic officials did approve the flags :
“ We do understand that there is a problem with the flag , ” said Mario Andrada , Rio 2016 Olympic Games executive communications director , on Monday . “ It 's very small . You have to be very familiar with the Chinese flag to understand that . However , we need to correct it . ”
Advertisement
Ironically , the flags themselves were made in China .
Now , the difference between a NAS and a cloud are a little more obvious than you may think . A cloud is a common term thrown around , but few understand what it actually is . A cloud is just you , storing your data , on someone 's computer somewhere . Google cloud keeps your data on their server , Onedrive is stored on Microsoft servers , iCloud is stored on Apple 's servers , etc . A cloud is just your data , accessible anywhere , being hosted on someone 's computer . A NAS , usually , is just for data storage locally . So in your house , at your office , etc . If you setup your NAS for access outside your house , you essentially have your own cloud .
One other thing to note , before we get too far into this , is file formatting . Whenever a hard drive is initialized for file storage , the drive must be setup with a file format type . A certain type of indexing to help the drive communicate with computers , and store data in a way that logically makes sense . There are 3 most popular formats today worth knowing about .
Windows : NTFS ( New Technology File System )
MAC : HFS/HFS+ ( Hierarchical File System )
Universal : exFAT
We are going to write this guide assuming you have NTFS format on your drive , simply because most commercial external hard drives come pre-formatted for NTFS .
Step 1 :
Step 2 :
Step 3 :
Step 4 :
Step 5 :
Step 6 :
Step 7 :
Step 8 :
Step 9 :
Step 10 :
Step 11 :
Step 12 :
Step 13 :
Step 14 :
Step 15 :
Part links ( as of February 2017 ) :
This is the shocking moment a knife-wielding thug slashed at a brave shopkeeper after punching them in the face .
The hooded yob and their accomplice burst into the Burton Road Convenience Store in Derby just before 4.30pm on January 9 .
They then demanded cash from the shopkeeper who was standing behind the counter while the other man stood guard by the door .
This is the shocking moment a knife-wielding thug slashed at a brave shopkeeper after punching them in the face
The hooded yob and their accomplice burst into the Burton Road Convenience Store in Derby just before 4.30pm on January 9
Shocking CCTV footage shows the moment the thug , who had a scarf covering their face , then punched the worker in the face .
The dramatic video shows the brave shopkeeper grappling with their attacker who wildly slashes at them with a knife .
They can be seen receiving multiple blows but manages to evade being caught by the blade as they are dragged around during the 10-second tussle .
Eventually the shopkeeper is pulled to the floor as the two thugs sprint off from the store in Derby empty-handed .
Today , Derbyshire Police released a 47-second video of the shocking attack in a bid to try and track down the two attempted robbers .
The man who attacked the shopkeeper with the knife is described as being 5ft 5ins tall and possibly in their 20s .
Their face was covered with a dark scarf and they wore a dark beanie hat , dark hooded jacket and dark trousers .
They then demanded cash from the shopkeeper who was standing behind the counter while the other man stood guard by the door
The dramatic video shows the brave shopkeeper grappling with their attacker who wildly slashes at them with a knife
They also wore distinctive black rimmed glasses and spoke with a local accent .
Their accomplice , who stood by the door throughout the incident , is of a similar height and age and wore dark clothing , a dark beanie hat with a scarf over theirs face ..
Councillor Asaf Afzal , who represents Abbey ward on Derby City Council , said : ' I was particularly shocked by this incident .
'Nobody deserves to have their life threatened by someone wielding a knife .
' I welcome the release of these CCTV images by the police and hope they lead to the arrest and conviction of the person involved . '
A spokesperson for Derbyshire Police added : 'One man demanded cash from the shopkeeper behind the counter , punching them in the face .
'The victim and the man , who had now produced a knife , struggled for a time before the two offenders ran off empty-handed .
'CCTV footage has now been released and shows one of the men police want to speak to about the incident . An image of the second man has also been shared . '
Officers are appealing to anybody who recognises either of the two men to call DC Kumar Dhunna on 101 , quoting crime reference number 1321/16 .
Image copyright EPA Image caption A 10m-high statue of the Stig in Warsaw ( 2015 )
It 's hard to go anywhere in the world these days and not find that Top Gear has got there before you . The programme may have begun on regional television in the UK - but it 's now viewed in pretty much every region of the globe , writes Daniel Silas Adamson .
The taxi was a beaten up Toyota with half a million kilometres on the clock and an amulet of the Virgin Mary twirling from the rear-view mirror . The driver was a Quechua Indian called Ricardo , who knew every bend in the Peruvian dirt roads around the old Inca city of Sayhuite and who , when they found out I was British , had just one question : `` Who is the Stig ? ''
It was not the first time I 'd been reminded of Top Gear in some far-flung corner of the world . A few years earlier I pulled over at an outdoor roadside cafe in the Jordan Valley , not far from Jericho in the West Bank . It was late at night , but there were 20 or so Palestinian men sitting around a screen on plastic chairs , smoking shisha pipes and watching The Star in a Reasonably Priced Car .
Almost a decade before that , I 'd seen a handful of Indian men gathered under a corrugated tin roof in Dharavi , Mumbai 's biggest slum , watching the programme on a TV set rigged illegally into the power cables that ran above the shacks . One of the men had already incurred the undisguised contempt of their wife , who was hard at work , but they seemed to think this was a price worth paying for an hour with Jeremy Clarkson . Clarkson would surely have approved .
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption Jeremy Clarkson filming in Moscow ( 2012 )
The formula - a macho , wise-cracking , stunt-filled show , fronted by by three ageing men with questionable taste in denim and a proclivity for infantile jokes - seems to float effortlessly across barriers of language , culture , and social class .
In Iran , where Top Gear is broadcast by BBC Persian TV ( PTV ) , the voice actor who dubs Clarkson into Farsi , Mozaffar Shafeie , has become a star in their own right . When an episode of the programme was dropped in 2012 to make space for an interview with Hillary Clinton , the channel was bombarded with complaints from Iranian fans . `` Hillary Clinton has got many things to say about Iran , '' said Clarkson afterwards . `` You 'd have thought that Iranians would have found this relatively interesting - more interesting than three fat old men falling over . ''
The show 's appeal in Iran , says Darius Bazargan , a British documentary maker , comes not just from the cars and the stunts but also from Clarkson 's vivid turn of phrase . `` He once described a gear shift as being 'as smooth as licking honey from a woman 's naked body ' , and the producers take a lot of effort to get the translation right… you would never hear a phrase like that on Iranian state television . ''
One of Bazargan 's friends recently found , as I did in Peru , that for many people around the world Top Gear is now an emblem of the UK - as much or more than Manchester United or James Bond . On a trip to Iraqi Kurdistan , they found there were two pressing issues people wanted to talk about after discovering they had a British guest : the chances of British military intervention against the jihadists , and their favourite episodes of Top Gear .
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption Top Gear festival in Durban , South Africa ( 2012 )
And it 's not just the men . Given that Clarkson has been fending off accusations of sexism for decades , it 's surprising to find that some 40 % of the show 's viewers are women .
`` My wife also watches the programme , not just because of the cars but because it 's a fantastically entertaining show , '' says Hormuzd Sorabjee , editor of Autocar India magazine . `` A lot of Indians , men and women , find Jeremy very amusing . They take the mickey out of a lot of people , and I can see why some of them might get upset . But there 's nothing below the belt , I do n't think . ''
Top Gear 's executive producer , Andy Wilman , put it this way in an interview with CBS News a few years ago : `` It 's a journey into the male mind , which I believe , is a really , potentially very funny place - because let 's face it , nothing happens there . ''
And if this is true anywhere , it is true everywhere .
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine 's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox .
I 'm the guy who always brings stuffing for Thanksgiving . It 's usually pretty classic : dried out french bread , celery , onions , sage , and some yawns . Not this year , family . What we have here is a totally unique and crazy-delicious stuffing ( dressing ? ) that is both sweet and savory .
This recipe has all the classic savory holiday flavors you 'd want from stuffing , but made from a cornbread base with a drizzle of maple syrup that makes it slightly reminiscent of a Mexican sweet corn cake . The way these flavors work so well together is indescribable… I may never be able to look at stuffing the same way ever again .
Makes 6-8 servings
Ingredients : 9×13 pan of cornbread ( below )
4 celery stalks
1 medium white onion
1 cup sweet corn
3 tablespoons diced fresh sage 1 tablespoon thyme
2+ tablespoons maple syrup
1 1/2 cups vegetable broth
1/2 cup soy milk
sea salt & black pepper
Step One
Make a 9×13 pan of cornbread . I used Isa 's Vegan Cornbread Recipe from the Post Punk Kitchen . It 's so easy and came out absolutely perfect . When the cornbread is finished cooking , loosely dice it into 1/2 inch cubes . Add these cubes to a baking tray and return to a 375º F oven to become more dry and crispy .
Step Two
While the cornbread is becoming crispy , chop the onions and celery and get them sautéing in a pan with a splash of water . After they become soft ( 3-5 minutes ) , add 1 cup of frozen sweet corn , sage , thyme , 1 tablespoon of maple syrup , and salt/pepper to taste . Let these sauté for 5-8 more minutes .
Step Three
Remove the cornbread cubes from the oven after about 12-15 minutes , they should be fairly dry and even more golden . Add these to a very large mixing bowl and toss in the vegetable/corn mixture .
Step Four
In a separate bowl , combine the vegetable broth and soy milk – we 're adding a little soy milk to the broth because it adds a wonderful level of creaminess . Slowly drizzle this mixture over the top of the stuffing , continuously stirring so that the cornbread is evenly coated .
The amount of broth needed will be a little different every time . Start with the amounts listed here and feel free to add more if needed . You want the cornbread to be moist but not completely soggy .
Step Five
Add the stuffing to a large casserole dish and bake at 375º F , uncovered , for about 20-25 minutes until just crispy and golden brown on top .
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! 🙂
Geen spoor
De stadsmuur werd in 1480 in opdracht van landsheer Maximiliaan van Oostenrijk gebouwd , en liep van de Haarlemmersluis op het Singel via de Munt , de Kloveniersburgwal , de Nieuwmarkt en de Schreierstoren naar de Geldersekade . Op de oudste nog bestaande stadsplattegrond van Amsterdam , die van Cornelis Anthoniszoon uit 1538 , is 'ie duidelijk te zien .
`` In heel Amsterdam is er geen spoor te vinden van deze muur , en dit is ook het eerste aaneengesloten stuk stadsmuur dat we ooit zijn tegengekomen , '' vertelt stadsarcheoloog Gawronski opgetogen .
`` De steunberen aan de achterkant zijn er ook nog . Die grote natuurstenen blokken dienden in feite als fundering van halfronde bogen van zo'n vijf meter hoog . Bovenop die bogen lag een pad , de loop- of weergang . Daarop liepen de soldaten , om vanachter de kantelen van de stadsmuur Amsterdam te verdedigen . '' Toen de stad in het einde van de zestiende eeuw werd uitgebreid met onder andere de Herengracht werd de muur overbodig , en dus gesloopt .
De komende maand worden de stenen voorzichtig verwijderd , omdat de houten palen waar ze op rusten niet meer voldoende steun bieden en er een nieuwe , betonnen fundering nodig is . Daarna worden ze net als het eenzame steentje op de Geldersekade teruggeplaatst in de nieuwe kade . Boven het water dit keer , zodat iedereen ze kan bewonderen . Gawronski : `` Dit is echt het Middeleeuwse Amsterdam , dus dat willen we behouden . ''
Harriet Quimby and their Blériot XI . ( Library of Congress )
Harriet Quimby , wearing their purple satin flying suit , pulls the Chauvière Intégrale propeller of the Blériot XI to start the air-cooled Anzani W3 ( “ fan ” or “ semi-radial ” ) three-cylinder engine .
Harriet on the day of their historic flight next to Blériot plane . ( Courtesy of Giacinta Bradley Koontz )
Harriet Quimby in their flight suit .
Miss Harriet Quimby , 1911 , ( Leslie Jones Collection , Boston Public Library )
Harriet before the epic flight of 16 April 1912 at the Blériot Monument . ( Courtesy of Giacinta Bradley Koontz )
Harriet Quimby and their Blériot XI .
Harriet Quimby , September 1910 . ( Edmunds Bond/The Boston Globe )
They were a modern woman in a not-so modern age . At a time when their contemporaries were swathed in petticoats and corsets , Harriet Quimby was climbing into a cockpit , decked out in a satin flying suit , waving energetically to the crowd . They were as bold and tenacious as they were beautiful , and they displayed an innate understanding of marketing and salespersonship , selling themselves and the fledgling field of aviation to an enthusiastic public . Harriet Quimby is classified among the most famous American female aviators . Them career as a pilot did not last long but was undeniably heroic . They were the first American lady to become a licensed pilot and the first woman to fly across the English Channel . They were also a movie screenwriter . Even though they died very young , Harriet played a key influence upon the role of women in aviation .
Welcome to Porter Lake Wilderness Retreat , your natural getaway in the quiet calm of an off-grid cabin on an undisturbed private lake .
Here is one of our many reviews of what it 's like back at Porter .
“ Our stay at the cabin was incredible . We arrived and found that the location and cabin were exactly as described . The one thing the description failed to capture is just how beautiful and quiet the location is . We ( myself and 2 co-workers ) went to the cabin to unplug and relax for a couple of nights and were able to do just that . We were amazed at just how private the lake is . I would n't hesitate to book the cabin again and will likely do so in the future . ”
Your turn could be next .
Stretch out in front of the wood stove or on the screened-in porch to enjoy the view across the lake at windswept pines , hemlocks and cedars . Better yet , jump in or wet a paddle in Porter Lake , a spring-fed back-country jewel on the outer edge of the French River water basin .
Access to the cabin is via a floating corduroy road , viable for a four-by-four vehicle three months of the year , but we recommend walking the mile back through long-abandoned homesteads and the farm fields of your host Peter Learn , a seasoned traveller who takes pride in their guests ' enjoyment .
Book now with Airbnb to spend some time on Porter Lake 's two miles of secluded shoreline .
For the past decade , a debate has raged in Washington and across the country about the best way to protect an open , unfettered Internet . The increasing use of smartphones and web-connected products and services make finding the right answer more important than ever .
The House of Representatives and the Senate , working together , have come up with a working proposal . We plan to begin a public discussion of it this week .
We need unambiguous rules of the road that protect Internet users and can help spur job creation and economic growth . The rules we propose would prohibit blocking and throttling ( the selective slowing of data ) , and also ensure that Internet service providers could not charge a premium to prioritize content delivery .
The Federal Communications Commission has limited ability to establish the kind of legally sound , pro-innovation rules that consumers and developers need . One ill-fitting tool available is Title II of the Communications Act — a set of rules conceived in the Franklin D. Roosevelt era for public utilities . Policymakers , however , need updated tools written for the Internet age .
Using Title II could result in billions of dollars in higher government fees and taxes on consumers ' monthly broadband bills , according to a Progressive Policy Institute report . It also could extend new regulations to areas like mobile broadband without recognizing the unique challenges that mobile carriers face .
One near-certainty is that this approach will perpetuate years of litigation and even more uncertainty for consumers and job creators .
Seeking a better way forward , we are working with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to establish clear , updated and reasonable rules of the digital road to protect an open Internet .
Our nation 's current technology and telecommunications laws were meant for an era of rotary telephones , brick-sized cellular phones and expensive long-distance service . By acting legislatively , we can set aside the baggage and limits of an antiquated legal framework and work with the Federal Communications Commission to ensure the Internet remains the beacon of freedom and connectivity that defines America in the 21st century .
As a legislative body , Congress has far more flexibility than the commission to narrowly tailor rules appropriate for today 's digital ecosystem . Congress can establish clear protections for consumers that can make sure innovators are free from gatekeeper interference , without affecting incentives for robust private-sector investment .
By updating our communications laws for today 's online world , Congress can ensure the continued growth of our digital economy while preventing harmful government overreach .
In the coming days , we plan to pursue a public process to draft and enact bipartisan legislation that would protect the open Internet . We hope FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and the public will join Congress in working to build and enact a shared set of principles that will protect Internet users , promote innovation , encourage investment — and withstand legal challenge .
We have made this an early priority of this Congress , demonstrating we can come together on a bipartisan basis to protect the vitality of the Internet — now so indispensable to our economy and way of life . Enduring , long-term protections for our digital freedoms are something we should all support .
PHOTO ( TOP ) : A photo-illustration shows an iPhone 5 next to a vintage mobile phone in Vodafone 's Oxford Street store during an event to mark the 30th anniversary of the first mobile phone call in Britain , in central London , December 10 , 2014 . REUTERS/Andrew Winning
PHOTO ( INSERT 1 ) : People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo , in this picture illustration taken in Zenica , October 29 , 2014 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
PHOTO ( INSERT 2 ) : The Twitter Accessibility Team 's Twitter page is seen on mobile accessibility engineer Sommer Panage 's phone at the company 's headquarters in San Francisco , California , June 30 , 2014 . REUTERS/Stephen Lam
In what is being considered a rare feat by experts , four schoolboys from Delhi have discovered two asteroids .
Shubham Sharma and Mayank Sharma of DAV Centenary School , Paschim Vihar and young Astronomicans ( amateur astronomer 's wing of SPACE ) Sahil Wadhwa and Akshay Gupta , who were part of two separate teams , have made two provisional discoveries of asteroids doing the country proud , SPACE Director C B Devgun said .
`` This marks a rare achievement for SPACE and its associated educational institutes , as asteroids are hard to search for and needs dedication and continuous efforts.Provisional discoveries are the asteroids which have been confirmed by further observations , '' they said .
The teams used exclusive data to look at specific parts of the sky and by using a complex procedure called 'Astrometrica ' they tracked objects by looking at the images of the sky provided by telescopes-based in the US to see which of the objects moving over time could be a possible asteroid , they said .
The discoveries were made as part of the program All Indian Asteroid Search Campaign ( AIASC ) conducted jointly between April and August this year by Science Popularisation Association of Communicators ( SPACE ) and International Astronomical Search Collaboration ( IASC ) , Devgun said .
IASC Director Patrick Miller has congratulated the two school teams for achieving the rare feat .
Sahil Wadhwa had made provisional discoveries in 2010 and 2011 as well .
About 75 schools/organisations had been selected from different parts of India , including Delhi and NCR , and other states to participate in the programme .
Asteroids sometimes called minor planets or planetoids are small Solar System bodies in orbit around the Sun , especially in the inner Solar System ; they are smaller than planets but larger than meteoroids .
Congratulating the successful participants for their rare achievement , SPACE group CMD Sachin Bahmba said , `` These children will eventually become the torch bearers of the scientific temper in the coming future . '' ''
IASC is an international educational outreach programme which includes Lawrence Hall of Science , Berkeley and Global Hands-on-Universe Association ( USA ) and other International organisations , which conduct programmes enabling students to be involved in hands-on , real time astronomy .
Using images taken of the sky in the night with the 24 '' and 32 '' telescopes at the Astronomical Research Institute ( ARI ) Observatory , USA , the programme gave students a chance to sift through data with specialised software to make original discoveries of Main Belt asteroids and important observations that contribute to the NASA Near-Earth Object ( NEO ) Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Near-Earth Objects ( NEOs ) are comets and asteroids that have been nudged by the gravitational attraction of nearby planets into orbits that allow them to enter the Earth 's neighbourhood .
A five-alarm fire in the west end burned for hours on Wednesday night and lasted well into Thursday morning , bringing more than 100 firefighters to downtown Toronto .
The fire began in a business on Dundas Street west of Bathurst Street around 11:30 p.m. on Wednesday . A person who lived in one of the apartments above the business called 911 .
Two of the firefighters were hurt during the blaze , one suffering an injured rib and the other an injured hand . No other injuries were reported .
The fire was in an older building and it was a difficult one to put out , division commander Bob O'Hallarn said .
“ We 're finding we knock it down and it seems to flare up in another area … and that 's why we have crews up on the roof , ” they said .
“ A couple times we 've pulled crews off the roof because it seemed to be getting a bit spongy . ”
The cause of the fire , and the cost of the damage , is not yet known . The Ontario Fire Marshal 's office is investigating .
A five-alarm fire burns on Dundas Street west of Bathurst Street on June 30 , 2016 . CITYNEWS/Hugues Cormier
On Tuesday morning , Foy Hall 's sign became the subject of more white supremacist propaganda . The Foy Hall sign facing the Thach Concourse was altered to say `` Goy Hall . '' The F was replaced with a G of similar font , creating the illusion that the hall was named Goy , an informal derogatory term often used by Jews to identify non-Jews ( gentiles ) . Underneath the text , there was a poster that displayed two white citizens , one male and one female . Wording on the poster stated , `` We have a right to exist . '' Since the time of the initial discovery , several students had taken to the poster with markers and pens , crossing out the statement and writing above it comments such as , `` I am white , and this is not okay . ''
`` We are trying to monitor the situation , '' said Bobby Woodard , associate provost and vice president of student Affairs , told The Plainsman Tuesday afternoon . `` [ The sign ] has been taken down . That was our top priority . '' Earlier in the day at about 10 a.m. , The Plainsman reached out to Auburn University Facilities Management . An official said she , at that time , was unaware of the vandalism . By noon , the sign facing the concourse was removed .
Four new posters also appeared on the columns outside of the hall . Two of them , titled `` Hate Facts , '' gave statistics concerning African-American and Latino crime statistics . The posters encouraged hate and gave statistics and facts that were derogatory towards nonwhite people . One poster stated `` Our kindness will no longer be exploited ... United together , we are unbreakable . Take your country back . '' `` It 's not about racism , it 's about reality , '' another poster stated . The phrase was written surrounding a Black Lives Matter banner , which had been crossed out . A similar poster , concerning illegal immigration , stated , `` Without borders , we have no country . ''
Sign up for our newsletter Get The Plainsman straight to your inbox .
It is not clear whether the posters and vandalism were in response to Richard Spencer 's controversial speaking event last week . `` It just happened this morning , '' Woodard said . `` We are working with campus security to get leads ... At this point , we have no leads . ''
Share
Do you like this story ? The Plainsman does n't accept money from tuition or student fees , and we do n't charge a subscription fee . But you can donate to support The Plainsman . Support The Plainsman
A severely malnourished pitbull endured months of torture that included having its limbs pulled apart in a medieval-style “ drawing , ” the vet who performed the dog 's necropsy told the Herald today as authorities plead with the public to help them find the “ sadistic ” person responsible .
A shaken Dr. Martha Smith-Blackmore of the Animal Rescue League said the fate of the brindle-colored pit cops named “ Puppy Doe ” before they were euthanized is “ unquestionably … hands down ” the worst case of animal abuse they have ever seen .
“ She was a rack of beaten bones , ” Smith-Blackmore said . “ Her joints were pulled apart like Medieval times . They were beaten , stabbed , burned over weeks to months and maybe their whole life . And could not walk . When I saw how vulnerable they were and I understood immediately the duration of their suffering , my heart collapsed . ”
Smith-Blackmore said “ Puppy Doe , ” who was discovered by a passer-by Aug. 31 abandoned in woods near the Whitwell Street playground in Quincy , endured having a wrist , ankle and elbow separated from their joints and a leg bone virtually broken in half from being drawn “ over and over and over . It 's a very intimate form of violence .
“ I do n't know how they did it , but the force was tremendous , ” said Smith-Blackmore , who had to step away from the necropsy “ in order to come back to it . ”
Mercifully , Smith-Blackmore found no evidence of sexual abuse , which they said is not uncommon in animal abuse cases .
“ The last thing we can give them is justice , ” they said . “ We have to weep , because if we do n't weep we become numb . ”
Authorities , meanwhile , are pleading with the public to help them find the “ sadistic ” tormentor who starved and mutilated the dog , saying they 're worried the person may have harmed other animals or even people .
“ We need anyone who knows who owned and abused this dog to contact authorities , ” Norfolk District Attorney Michael Morrissey said . “ The injuries cataloged in the post-mortem examination are grotesque and indicate consistent starvation and abuse over an extended period of time .
“ It is highly unlikely that this level of sadistic cruelty could be shown to one animal and not be part of a pattern involving other animals or perhaps vulnerable people , ” they said . “ We need to ? nd the person who did this and see what else they are doing . ”
Puppy Doe weighed 18 pounds — less than half the healthy weight for a female pit between the ages of 1 and 2 — and had a serpent-like split in their tongue , apparently from a crude cutting procedure . The dog also had been stabbed in the eye days before being found , Smith-Blackmore said . They said the dog had calloused bone from repeated blows to the head , and the tops of their vertebrae were smashed from their back being beaten — possibly with a board or baseball bat , they said .
The woman who rescued Puppy Doe , and the police they reached out to for help , mistakenly thought they had been hit by a car .
Smith-Blackmore said Puppy Doe was euthanized hours later by veterinarians at VCA South Shore Animal Hospital in Weymouth .
“ The determination was made that this dog would never live a normal life free of pain , ” Smith-Blackmore said .
They said Puppy Doe was described to them as “ sweet and submissive. ” They still had a belly full of kibble when they died .
“ She enjoyed a big meal before they went to heaven , ” Smith-Blackmore said . “ Within hours of being found they had pain medication , food and love . They experienced some tenderness and some care at the end of their life . ”
Lending their own appeal for help , Smith-Blackmore said , “ If you know anything , please call . Just please call . We really , really desperately need to know who did this . They need help . ”
Anyone with information about the dog is urged to call the Animal Rescue League of Boston 's Law Enforcement Department at 617-226-5610 , email them at cruelty @ arlboston.org , or call Quincy Police Det . Thomas Pepdjonovich at 617-745-5774 .
James Martin/CNET
The Department of Justice said today that Sprint and T-Mobile should be given a fair chance at acquiring wireless spectrum in the Federal Communication Commission 's upcoming incentive spectrum auction .
The antitrust division of the Justice Department laid out its argument in a filing to the FCC .
`` The Department concludes that rules that ensure the smaller nationwide networks , which currently lack substantial low-frequency spectrum , have an opportunity to acquire such spectrum could improve the competitive dynamic among nationwide carriers and benefit consumers , '' the Justice Department said .
The FCC is currently drafting rules for an upcoming auction that will take spectrum that TV broadcasters are giving up so that wireless broadband carriers can bid on it . At the same time in a separate proceeding , the commission is looking at establishing a spectrum cap , which would limit how much spectrum a carrier can own , particularly any that is below 1GHz . This so-called low-frequency spectrum is considered valuable because it can travel long distances and penetrate through buildings .
But the Justice Department and others also believe the FCC should consider including rules for the upcoming auction that specifically deal with this issue . The spectrum that will be made available in the incentive auction is low-frequency and sits in the 600MHz frequency band .
`` The Justice Department is absolutely right , '' Larry Krevor , vice president for Government Affairs at Sprint , said in a statement . `` Ensuring that all carriers , large and small , have access to low-band spectrum would improve competition and benefit consumers . We are hopeful that the FCC will adopt policies which recognize the importance of low-band spectrum to wireless competition and the American economy as a whole . ''
AT & T and Verizon have argued against any sort of cap or rules that might limit their participation in the auction .
Managing a scarce resource
Similar low-band spectrum was auctioned off in 2008 . AT & T and Verizon won a substantial amount of that spectrum , which sits in the 700MHz frequency . AT & T and Verizon have already been using this spectrum to build their 4G LTE networks .
Meanwhile , Sprint does n't have much low-frequency spectrum in its portfolio . And T-Mobile has none .
As a result , T-Mobile 's network is mostly deployed in dense urban areas . It is simply unable to cover rural and even some suburban markets because it lacks appropriate spectrum . And as it rolls out its 4G LTE network , the company currently has no low-frequency spectrum to expand its footprint .
In its filing , the Justice Department said it fears that allowing AT & T and Verizon to buy as much as they want in the upcoming auction will not make efficient use of the spectrum . And it will lead to less competition in the market .
`` The more concentrated a wireless market is , the more likely a carrier will find it profitable to acquire spectrum with the aim of raising competitors ' costs , '' the Justice Department said in its filing . `` This could take the shape , for example , of pursuing spectrum in order to prevent its use by a competitor , independent of how efficiently the carrier uses the spectrum . ''
The Justice Department said that in an ideal market , where no players dominate , an auction , which allocates spectrum to the highest bidder , is a perfect way to distribute a public resource such as spectrum . But in a market that is lopsided where two players have much deeper pockets than the rest of the competitive landscape , the Justice Department thinks the FCC has a responsibility to craft rules that help ensure competition .
`` Spectrum is a scarce resource and a key input for mobile wireless services , '' the Justice Department said . `` The Commission has an opportunity through its policies on spectrum holdings to preserve and promote competition and to ensure that the largest firms do not foreclose other rivals from access to low-frequency spectrum that would allow them to improve their coverage and make them stronger , more aggressive competitors . ''
Neither AT & T nor Verizon commented on the news of the Justice Department 's filing . But during a panel discussion at the NAB Show this week in Las Vegas , Joan Marsh , a vice president for federal regulatory affairs with AT & T , said that the fact that Sprint and T-Mobile did not get any of the 700MHz spectrum in the last auction was not because AT & T and Verizon dominated the auction and outbid them , but because they chose not to participate .
`` It 's like winning the lottery , '' they said . `` You have to be in it to win it . ''
In fact , AT & T has argued in its own comments to the FCC that the price of the nationwide C block license in the 700MHz auction , which was won by Verizon , went for a relatively low price because of restrictions imposed by the FCC on that spectrum . When the rules were formed for that auction , Google pushed an open access provision as part of the rules . The FCC adopted it . And when the spectrum went to auction , Verizon and Google were the only two companies participating in the bidding .
Limit , but do n't exclude , the big players
The reality is that smaller carriers actually need AT & T and Verizon to participate in the auction . They ca n't afford for them to be entirely excluded from it . Kathleen Ham , a vice president of regulatory affairs for T-Mobile , said during the panel discussion at the NAB Show this week that their participation is important , because it will ensure that a large ecosystem is built to create devices for this spectrum . But they do n't want to see the bigger carriers walking away with the bulk of the spectrum in the auction .
Steven Berry , head of the Competitive Carrier Association , agreed in a statement :
CCA could n't agree more with [ the ] DOJ that excessive market power harms competition . AT & T and Verizon control almost 85 percent of the spectrum below 1GHz , using its market power to thwart competition and prevent competitive carriers from using their own spectrum in the Lower 700MHz band . DOJ is correct -- allowing smaller carriers to access additional usable spectrum would benefit the entire competitive wireless ecosystem and consumers . DOJ should be commended for their outstanding work , and I hope the FCC carefully considers these findings as it continues to evaluate mobile spectrum holdings and craft rules for the upcoming incentive auctions .
`` I do n't like work stoppages , but you do what you 've got to do . You look at the way the game is being played -- competitive balance , the health of the league , how many players are making -- we needed a new system . I 'm always quizzical of why a work stoppage gets laid at management . At the end of the day , the players , 12 years ago , 13 years ago , whatever it was , got what they would 've gotten without the work stoppage . At the end of the day , we had to have a new system . As Arthur Levitt , who studied our economics at the time said , we were on the treadmill to oblivion . And the game was n't very good then . Why ? Because we had teams with payrolls four times another team 's payrolls . And the only way teams with a quarter of a payroll of the higher-payroll teams could compete was to clutch and grab and hook and hold or , said another way , neutralize skill . ''
On 14 September 1857 , British troops breached Kashmere Darwaza , crushed the “ mutiny '' and occupied Shahjahanabad . It was only a couple of centuries earlier that the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan had founded the city and made it their capital , and their daughter , princess Jahanara Begum Sahib , had built the “ avenue of moonlight '' , Chandni Chowk .
With flowering trees , neatly laid gardens , a canal flowing through , and lamps illuminating it all , Chandni Chowk was magical . It had shops selling unique objects d'art , textiles , attar , hookah bases made from porcelain or glass , wine cups , gems and jewellery . The shops themselves were scented with the finest perfumes , with bolsters and brocaded cushions lining the walls , and shopkeepers who bent deeply from the waist to present their salaams .
I have walked out of the Chandni Chowk Metro station and into this history . I walk along the cement road divider—a canal used to run in its place once—and soon reach the Gurdwara Sisganj Sahib . It is here , on the Kotwali Chabutra , that the gallows were erected in 1857 and thousands of Shahjahanabad residents were lined up to be hanged . The ones waiting could hear the screams of those condemned before them . Bloated corpses rotted on the roads , with no one to bury or cremate them—everyone had fled the city . I cross over to Dariba Kalan , named after dur-e-be-baha , the Persian word for an incomparable pearl . It is where one goes to buy a trinket or two , the shops on this street being known for their jewellery . I see a window open out from an old haveli and my mind wanders to the days after the mutiny , as the wrath of the British visited this delicate place .
Dariba was home to many aristocrats—the nawabs of the Mughal court . No doubt they would have heard the announcement of ghadar ( revolt ) by the rebel sepoys and watched the events as they unfolded from 11 May 1857 .
‘ Capture Of Delhi , 1857 ' , a coloured lithograph by Béquet Frères . Photo : Wikimedia Commons
A passer-by collides with a handcart-puller and the goods spill on to the street . There is a commotion . But I am still lost in the 19th century , where the commotion was over something much more serious .
I see a woman , a housemaid , enter a haveli in Dariba via a wicket in the massive gateway and I ca n't stop myself from following them Inside , I notice the gardens are full of flowers but the fountains have run dry . I hurry after them as they enter the house , heading straight for the private quarters , the zenana diwan khana , where I imagine a begum would have sat beside their husband .
Perhaps they would have offered them a paan ( betel leaf ) from a khasdan , their treasured filigreed silver container . A silver spittoon , ugaldan , would have been kept next to him . They would just have finished the dawn prayers and the sound of gunshots and cannonballs would have worried them . I can see it all now—the begum 's personal maid rushing in huffing and puffing , as if chased by the devil .
A 2013 picture of the traffic at Chandni Chowk . Photo : Sanjeev Verma/Hindustan Times
“ Begum saheba , '' they would have cried , “ may khuda ( god ) have mercy on us . Rafiq Miyan , one of the stable boys in the qila ( fort ) , has just brought news that Badshah Salamat left the qila before dawn . They have gone to Humayun 's maqbara ( mausoleum ) . Woe is me , why did I live to see this day ! ''
Emperor Abu Zafar Mohammad Bahadur Shah II , known more popularly as Zafar from their nom de plume , had left the qila because they wanted to avoid the bloodshed that followed as retaliation for their actions in leading the rebel sepoys . The British walked unchallenged into the fort once they had left and most of the royal family had fled .
The residents of Shahr Panah , or City of Refuge , as Shahjahanabad was called then , were now about to become refugees . They wanted to escape the walled city before the British locked its gateways . They had heard stories of the death penalties and executions of notable residents over the past few days , since the British had breached the Kashmere Darwaza . The most famous of them was Maulvi Muhammad Baqir , who published the weekly Dehli Urdu Akhbar . The paper had reported in detail the uprising in Delhi and other parts . The maulvi not only encouraged the soldiers to fight but urged them to maintain communal harmony , which the British were trying to disrupt . They were arrested , along with many others the British suspected of being rebels , and shot on 16 September .
If there could be arrests and executions even while the emperor was in the qila , there could be no guarantee of safety for anyone once they had left , unless one had sided actively with the British over those four months .
A few people stayed on—like the poet Mirza Ghalib , whose locality , Gali Qasim Jan in Ballimaran , was guarded by the soldiers of the maharaja of Patiala , whose troops had fought alongside the British in the siege of Delhi . It had havelis belonging to the hakeems ( physicians ) in the maharaja 's employment . The tradesmen and bankers who had helped the British stayed on and flourished .
A mutiny memorial ( now know as Ajitgarh ) was later erected on the Delhi Ridge by the British ; it gives a timeline of the siege . For me , the last line is the most telling : “ On 21st September the city was evacuated of the enemy . ''
The begum saheba of my imagination would have busied themselves in calming their crying children and asked Mubarak , the maid , to feed them . They would have known that they needed to prepare for the escape . They would have gone to their bedroom , where their jewellery was kept . I can see them taking out a few heavy gold pieces and putting them inside the strip of the drawstring , izarband , in their pyjamas . They were going into uncharted territory and jewellery , which could be converted into money , would be handy .
Nawab saheb was back , “ Begum , we have to leave now . It 's no longer safe for us here . I have brought a bullock cart . Climb on to that with the children and hide your faces . Wear Mubarak 's clothes as disguise . Cover yourself with their dupatta . Tell the servants to meet us at the baraf khana ( ice factory ) in Paharganj . Come on , let 's go . ''
They had seen death roaming the streets and knew it was time to leave .
Fi amanillah ( god be with you ) , Mubarak would have wished upon their journey .
I moved slowly towards Chawri Bazar , now a busy Metro station . Till the 19th century , though , this street was also called the “ Bazar-e-Husn '' , after the courtesans who held court on the first floor ; it was a place where young sprigs and jaded aristocrats alike came to attend soirées where classical music , dance , poetry and conversation flourished . But when the begum 's bullock cart passed by , there was silence on the upper floors . The courtesans had been very active against the British , they had supported the rebel sepoys and been important centres for plotting and planning against the angrez . So most had fled , anticipating the British wrath .
Instead of husn ( beauty ) , the begum saw people armed with sticks , cudgels , swords and poleaxes . Corpses were piled like logs .
They hid their face in Mubarak 's dupatta and closed the babies ' eyes with their palms .
As the bullock cart reached Jama Masjid to cross into Matia Mahal , its gateways were bustling not with the dastango ( storyteller ) , kabachi ( kebab sellers ) or kabootar ( pigeon ) sellers , but with British soldiers and officers in red uniforms . A few British officers were escorting some dignified-looking Indian gentlemen up the steps of the masjid . By the looks of it , it was n't to exchange pleasantries .
Some young men , too , were being dragged screaming up those steps . The British seemed to have made Jama Masjid their headquarters .
One of the babies started crying , and with their heart in their mouth the begum pulled them under their dupatta and started crooning softly to them . Nawab saheb had slid under the piles of rugs and blankets in the cart to avoid being spotted .
By now , I too had made my way to Jama Masjid . It was standing serenely in the afternoon sun , its warm red sandstone glowing . Its magnificent steps were full of beggars and tourists trying to avoid them .
Our begum saheba was lucky . Just as their bullock cart approached the masjid and a few curious British soldiers turned their gaze towards it , a group of men , enraged by their presence in the mosque , attacked the British picket at the bottom of the mosque steps with sticks . A volley of gunshots silenced them .
The cart bearing its aristocratic burden had by then made its way to Chitli Qabar . I jostled my way into Matia Mahal , the lane made famous by Karim 's , the restaurant which has served nihari and biryani from the turn of the 20th century .
In 1857 , Matia Mahal was lined with aristocratic havelis and gardens . I passed the famous gur-ka-sherbet shop at the corner of Pahadi Imli that sells jaggery sherbet spiced with lime .
Eyeing the bangle and dress shops on either side , I reached Chitli Qabar . This is the grave of Syed Roshan Sahib Shaheed , who was buried here 650 years ago . Today tourists visit it for the famous Mota Pehelwan 's biryani .
I head towards Dilli Darwaza in hot pursuit of begum saheba 's bullock cart . Today , the area houses garment shops , but when they passed Amir Khan ka Bazaar , the grocery and the leather shops where saddles , bridles , rein , etc. , were sold , were all deserted . The windowpanes had cracked and the awnings were hanging upside down . The looters had been at work .
I walked past the shops displaying dazzling clothes but begum saheba 's cart had passed a lofty apartment known as Bangash ka Kamra . Today , that 's the name of the area .
Though they are n't in a mood to appreciate it , they had heard of this apartment suite built by Faizullah Khan Bangash , which was said to be so tall that it talked to the skies and taunted the mountains with its solid foundations .
Things were quieter here for me now , as they were back then for the begum and their family . Nawab saheb poked their head out of the pile of straw and blankets that they had hidden under .
The place seemed relatively calmer , the sound of gunshots and screaming was faint . Their cart left the walled city , exiting from the Dilli Darwaza—and so did I .
Today , there are traffic snarls because of the Metro construction .
In 1857 , however , thousands of veiled women , children , young and old men were fleeing the walled city .
We made our way towards Paharganj , where the young nawab and their family had found refuge along with thousands of others that day .
They had escaped just in time . At midnight , the British soldiers started the slaughter of innocents . They entered houses and began killing those sleeping within , climbing onto the roofs to get at those sleeping there too .
The mutiny in verse
Ancient Sky , Delhi 's mortal enemy , /what did you gain when Delhi 's every trace was lost ? ...
Neither the Fort is there , nor its old street./Why , then , should Delhites think Delhi is Heaven ?
— Sāqib in ‘ Fughān-i Dihlī ( The Lament For Delhi ) ' . Translated by Pasha Mohamad Khan .
Zewar almas ka tha jin se na pahna jaata
Bhaari jhumar bhi kabhi sir pe naa rakhha jaata Sar pe bojh liye chaar taraf phirte hai
Do qadam chalte hain mushkil se tau phir girte hain
( Those frail ladies are made to carry heavy loads , alas
They can barely walk a few steps before they fall down
The delicate ones who could n't carry the weight of precious gems
For whom heavy jewellery was a burden too heavy )
— Azurda in ‘ Lament For Delhi ' after the fall of Delhi in 1857 . Translated by Rana Safvi .
Rana Safvi is a historian who is documenting the monuments of Delhi , and author of Where Stones Speak : Historical Trails In Mehrauli , The First City Of Delhi and Tales From The Quran And Hadith .
Robert Kagan is a neoconservative . They signed all the Project for a New Century letters telling George W. Bush that Israel 's war was America 's war and we should invade Iraq and replace Saddam and bring democracy to the Middle East . I ca n't find those letters on-line any more . It appears that the PNAC site has been suspended . Some regretful neocon has evidently been scrubbing those letters from history . ( Ala Lady Macbeth , “ Out damn spot . ” )
And Kagan is pivoting . They have a good piece up at the Washington Post saying that the U.S. should not be supporting the military government in Egypt .
Those in the Obama administration and Congress who favor continued U.S. military aid to the dictatorship in Cairo insist that although such aid may run counter to American ideals , it does serve American interests . I would argue the contrary , that American interests are being harmed every day that support continues . Far from aiding the United States in the struggle against terrorism , as the Egyptian military dictatorship and its supporters claim , the military 's brutal crackdown on Egypt 's Islamists is creating a new generation of terrorists .
Kagan even distances the U.S. from Israel , saying that Israel has supported authoritarian regimes across the Arab world , and that 's its problem .
Kagan is getting off the neoconservative bus because it 's doing a bus plunge off a mountain road . Iraq is catching up with the war planners at last . People in D.C. do n't want to hear from neoconservatives .
Who will be the last neocon ? Maybe David Brooks of the New York Times . They still believe . On Friday they were on NPR saying that the US needs to continue to run the world , and keep up the global stream of goods and services , or everyone 's prosperity will suffer :
We 've got a death by a thousand cuts problem , where no individual problem around the world , whether it 's Ukraine or Iran or even the Chinese throwing their weight around in the oceans over there is worth a massive overall response . Nonetheless , you take all these things together and they really degrade the world order , the order that we 've counted on for the free movement of peoples and goods . And you just sense this degradation of this whole system that we really do rely upon . And I 'm not quite sure how we build that system back up . But there 's no question the world order is fraying , and along with it the prosperity and the security of lots of small nations as they get threatened by larger regional nations .
The problem with their theory is that “ a massive overall response ” means a meaningful threat of military action . And very few American politicians now want to invade another country halfway around the world– certainly not Syria or Ukraine .
As Brooks concedes , even the Republican Party are abandoning their philosophy of the threat of force . Explaining why the Republicans are all still harping about Benghazi , they said :
And my analysis would be they want to attack the Obama foreign policy but they do n't themselves believe in any affirmative foreign policy , and any use of American power abroad . And so , this is a sort of way to do that and please Rand Paul followers .
Those Rand Paul followers are broadly representative of an opposition to the use of force . Neocons believe in the use of force . Or they used to . Happily they 're getting lonelier by the minute .
What is The Sensory Diet ?
Patricia and Julia Wilbarger coined the term sensory diet . Persons with sensory over-responsivity ( SOR ) – a subtype of sensory processing disorders ( SPD ) – use sensory diets to stay calm , energized , and organized . Sensory diets are used for SOR in many sensory channels , including the auditory ( sounds ) , the visual ( sights ) , the tactile ( touch ) , and the olfactory ( smells ) . Note : The term SPD often is used interchangeably with SOR , including auditory over-responsivity . To be in sync with others , I used the term SPD in this document , unless the more narrow term of SOR or auditory-responsivity is needed for clarity .
Will a Sensory Diet Help For Misophonia ?
Whether a sensory diet is also helpful for persons with misophonia is unclear , it seems affordable . Sensory diets were developed to treat SOR . If the causes of misophonia are different , then a sensory diet may not be effective . Scholars have speculated that both conditions are neurologically based , and perhaps the same structures in the brain are involved . Scholars from both camps proposed that the limbic system plays a role . The limbic system controls our emotions and the fight-flight-freeze response . The amygdala filters out the unimportant and irrelevant sensory information so it does not reach the limbic system . Deep pressure and slow movement are theorized to help the amygdala act as a filter . If the amygdala plays a role in misophonia , then a sensory diet could lessen the impact of the triggers so persons can respond with less adversity to noxious sounds ( triggers ) . Research is needed to investigate the similarities and the differences between auditory over-responsivity and misophonia .
Purpose of a Sensory Diet : Use a strategic mix of sensory activities to reduce meltdowns ( e.g. , yelling or snapping at someone ) and shutdowns ( withdrawing ) .
Definition of Sensory Dieting : Similar to eating food every few hours , the body needs to be replenished with sensory input . You may need to do a sensory diet every one-two hours . Sensory diets can be used at specific daily time periods or as needed . Choose one or more activities . Doing a sensory diet for 5-15 minutes can be helpful ; however , doing a sensory diet for 30 minutes has a longer-lasting effect .
Essential Ingredients in a Sensory Diet : Proprioceptive ( pressure ) and vestibular ( movement ) inputs can be calming and organizing . Swinging is the ideal source of vestibular input . The effect in the brain from 15 minutes of swinging is reported to last up to eight hours . Other types of sensory input affect the brain for one-to-two hours . Some experts recommend swinging for at least 15 minutes , 2 times per day ( e.g. , early morning and late afternoon ) . Because a swing hung from one hook can be moved at varying speeds ( e.g. , fast ) and in more directions , using a swing hung from a single hook gives more intense and longer-lasting input than a swing hung from two hooks . Important points : Slow , linear , and rhythmical movements are calming , and fast , rotary , and erratic movements are excitatory .
Proprioceptive input is speculated to help integrate vestibular input . Climb and jump after swinging . Proprioceptive input can be used alone without vestibular input . Proprioceptive input is gotten through “ heavy work ” such as carrying books , moving furniture and vacuuming , and lifting free weights .
Proprioceptive input can be calming , energizing , and organizing . So when in doubt , use heavy work ( proprioception ) .
Download the full sensory diet :
SensoryDietAdultTeen
SensoryDietChildren
Like Captain Ahab 's tireless search of Moby Dick , ski binding manufacturers have been tasked with a never-ending chase after a binding that can truly meld the benefits of alpine and tech designs into a do-it-all binding . Unlike Captain Ahab , the fate of the manufacturers is , fortunately , victorious .
Today , after seven-plus years of research and development , Salomon unveiled its brand-new S/Lab SHIFT MNC binding—a game changer for skiers that split time between the backcountry and resort . Set for release in September of 2018 , ( yup , just a sneak peek for now ) it is able to tour uphill with toe pins , and then lock down your foot in an Alpine toe and heel for descents .
The true star of the Shift show is the toepiece . It features clamping pin-tech jaws , allowing the user to have a full range of motion when skinning and kick-turning , and ultimately travel uphill with comparable efficiency to a standard tech binding . However , between the jaws is a simple lever that when lifted pulls the toe wings in , joining the lever and ultimately transforming the toe into a standard alpine toe piece . For reference , the toe boasts 47 mm of elastic travel , the same as Salomon 's trusted STH2 . The toe boasts a DIN range of 6-13 .
The binding in walk mode . Image credit : Anne Bailly
The binding 's heelpiece has a similar construction to that of the STH2 and has the same DIN range as the toe . The binding is multi-norm certified , meaning it 's compatible with all adult ski boot sole types .
The binding in downhill mode , with the special lever locked into place . Image credit : Anne Bailly
“ The S/Lab SHIFT is the ultimate binding for hard-charging backcountry skiers , ” says Salomon athlete and S/Lab SHIFT prototype tester , Cody Townsend . “ By creating a binding that tours with the freedom of pins and skis with the power and elasticity of an alpine binding , Salomon has discovered the holy grail , the dream . ”
While binding manufacturers have produced countless innovative tech designs in recent years , all aimed at shedding weight while maintaining power transmission and safety standards , the toe has always been the downfall .
A standalone pin-tech toepiece can not offer the same elasticity or power transmission that a traditional alpine one can . For many skiers going after big objectives—a 50-degree , icy couloir for example—they 'll lock their toepiece before the descent in order to prevent a release and loss of a ski . The compromise there is that the skier is forced to choose between preventing an unwanted pre-release in high-risk terrain or possibly injuring themselves because the binding did n't release . Or , in some cases , falling victim to an avalanche , failing to release and having their ski act as an anchor , dragging them underneath the snow .
“ Most of the skiers I know lock out their toe , unless they 're skiing low angle powder or something , ” says Townsend .
Touring in the S/Lab SHIFT . Photo : Cam Mcleod
The S/Lab SHIFT seeks to eliminate this compromise . I myself had the opportunity to ski the new binding , mounted to hard-charging Salomon QST 106 skis , at a testing event in Alta , Utah , this week .
We began by testing the S/Lab SHIFT 's uphill efficiency while touring to the top of Alta 's Supreme lift , which has not yet opened for the season . Transitioning in and out of hike mode takes a couple tries to get comfortable , but that can be said for any new tech binding . As far as weight is concerned , although the S/Lab SHIFT weighs in at 1,700 grams per pair ( the Salomon MTN binding clocks in at 780 grams per pair w/ brakes ) the added weight is n't too much of a burden , in my opinion . Unless you covet weight savings above all else , it should not be an issue . For reference , Salomon 's framed Guardian binding is 2,920 grams per pair . The biggest benefit of the binding was providing a full range of motion thanks to the pin-tech toe .
Chris Rubens , airing it out . Photo : Cam Mcleod
As for the downhill , conditions were ideal for testing the capabilities of this specific binding . After a tour , the group hot-lapped the Wildcat lift on the far skier 's left of the ski area ; snow conditions under the chair ranged from hardpack to chalk to moguls and pockets of powder . The toepiece provided power transmission similar if not equal to that of a true alpine binding , allowing me to ski fast , confidently and without concession . From steep , fall line turns to quick-reaction maneuvers in the trees of Lower Rustler , the binding performed as advertised . Both Townsend and Benoit Sublet , the Alpine Binding Product Manager on the SHIFT project , were tossing backflips left and right using these bindings . If the engineer behind the product has enough confidence to stomp inverted tricks on them , the proof is decidedly in the pudding .
For more , visit shift-bindings.salomon.com .
Specs :
DIN : 6-13
NORM : MNC ( Multi-Norm Compatible )
SAFETY : TUV Certified
WEIGHT : 1,700g/pair
BRAKES SIZE : 90/100/110/120 mm
CLIMBING AIDS : 2° & 10°
Shailene Woodley is n't ruling out a run for office some day .
The 24-year-old star of the “ Divergent ” film series said she 'd consider a future run , though she 's more focused now on getting fellow millennials engaged with the political process .
“ We 've got to get some progressives in office . We 've got to engage millennial voters not only to vote but to run , ” Woodley told The Hill this week .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n't know , I would n't say never , ” they added of their own prospective campaign .
Susan Sarandon , who has been active in progressive causes for decades , said they could do more good “ from the outside than the inside , ” ruling out their own run for office .
But they said Woodley and “ Gasland ” director Josh Fox , who were both in Washington , D.C. , with Sarandon this week , might make a difference in office .
`` Some of these people will run . Maybe Josh will run , maybe Shailene will run , ” Sarandon said .
Woodley , Sarandon and Fox were in the nation 's capital this week to promote their opposition to the construction of an oil pipeline near Native American land in North Dakota .
Watch the video above to hear the stars discuss a run for office and advocate for a court injunction to stop construction of the pipeline .
Going back and forth on the phone with Pacific Northwest locals Eric Akiskalian of Towsurfer.com and Keith Galbraith , we agreed that the forecasts could offer up the goods for ones so wave starved .
With the smell of fresh swell in the air ( and thanks to Webair.com , we decided to just go . Surf photographer Matt Clark hopped on the overnight flight with us for this last second trip . He 's really found themselves in the limelight this past year which is well deserved for such a talent . He 's so fun to travel with because he 's always making light of the situations and can really lighten those tense moods often surrounding these types of waves .
Arriving , we met up with some of the local crew ( Eric Akiskalian , Keith Galbraith , George DeSoto , Geth Noble , Shawn Thordanson , and Chef Jason ) for a dawn patrol look at the surf . Everyone was just stoked to get some waves , and we were really impressed with everyone 's hospitality and eagerness to paddle into some big surf . This spot was really shifty and smaller than we were hoping for , but it was a great day to knock the rust off and start the season . There were some fun drops , shifty clean up sets , and a lot of sea life in the water . There were whales everywhere , dolphins , fish and a couple sharks providing some creepy moments throughout the day .
© Will Skudin
Because baseball games are no longer used to settle land disputes and damages from horse collisions , they 've become the battleground for deciding which U.S. city will be the first to move to the moon . Catch a nation-changing showdown with this deal .
The Deal
One ticket to see an Atlanta Braves game
Where : Turner Field
Door time : Two hours before game time
Click here to view the seating chart. < p >
Games , Dates , and Seating Options
Against the San Diego Padres on Friday , September 13 , at 7:30 p.m. :
$ 10 for one Upper Box ticket ( a $ 20 value )
$ 21 for one Field View ticket ( a $ 35 value )
$ 28 for one Club Reserved ticket ( a $ 42 value )
$ 60 for one Dugout ticket ( a $ 75 value ) < p >
Against the Padres on Sunday , September 15 , at 1:35 p.m. :
$ 8 for one Upper Box ticket ( a $ 16 value )
$ 18 for one Field View ticket ( a $ 30 value )
$ 25 for one Club Reserved ticket ( a $ 38 value )
$ 53 for one Dugout ticket ( a $ 67 value ) < p >
Against the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday , September 23 ; Tuesday , September 24 ; or Wednesday , September 25 , at 7:10 p.m. :
$ 6 for one Upper Box ticket ( a $ 12 value )
$ 15 for one Field View ticket ( a $ 25 value )
$ 20 for one Club Reserved ticket ( a $ 30 value )
$ 46 for one Dugout ticket ( a $ 58 value ) < p >
Against the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday , September 26 , at 7:10 p.m. :
$ 8 for one Upper Box ticket ( a $ 16 value )
$ 18 for one Field View ticket ( a $ 30 value )
$ 25 for one Club Reserved ticket ( a $ 38 value )
$ 53 for one Dugout ticket ( a $ 67 value ) < p >
Against the Phillies on Friday , September 27 , at 7:30 p.m. , or Sunday , September 29 , at 1:35 p.m. :
$ 11 for one Upper Box ticket ( a $ 22 value )
$ 24 for one Field View ticket ( a $ 40 value )
$ 32 for one Club Reserved ticket ( a $ 48 value )
$ 66 for one Dugout ticket ( a $ 82 value ) < p >
When you click “ Buy , ” you 'll be redirected to braves.com to complete your transaction . This voucher applies toward the face value of tickets , but you 'll still need to pay all braves.com fees and taxes in full . Though the Braves sometimes offer discounts online , this deal still offers the best deal available. < p >
Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of MLB Advanced Media , L.P. All rights reserved. < p >
The Scouting Report
With less than three weeks left in the 2013 MLB season , the Atlanta Braves sit comfortably atop their division with the National League 's best record . The Braves are baseball 's toughest team to defeat at home this year , stifling opponents for a 51–20 record inside Turner Field . Their success comes largely at the hands of a pitching staff that commands a league-low 3.20 team ERA and has allowed the fewest runs in the MLB this season . During any of these eight games—including a season finale against the Phillies on September 29—fans may catch the moment when the Braves clinch the NL East and ask if it 's cool if they crash on Turner Field 's couch for a while in October .
This article has been updated .
It was two years ago Friday that this infamous moment in American political history occurred .
At a little after 11:05 Eastern on June 16 , 2015 , Donald Trump gingerly stepped onto an escalator at Trump Tower and rode it to the White House . At the time , it was just another ingredient mixed into the bizarre impossibility that was their presidential bid . Now , it marks the first moment that Trump appeared in public as a candidate , and it was perfectly Trumpian in its execution .
For no real reason , it occurred to me on Friday to wonder what would have happened if Trump had never gotten off that escalator . If , instead of stepping off at the bottom in the lower level of the Trump Tower atrium , it were instead an infinite escalator that stretched on in the same direction to eternity , and Trump was still riding along . Where , I wondered , would they end up ?
And then I answered my question .
To do so , though , I had to answer a number of other questions first . Namely , we have to know three things : How fast they were traveling , the direction he 's traveling in and how much time had elapsed .
1 . How fast was Trump traveling ?
This is trickier to determine than you might realize .
We have this video of Trump going down the elevator . But it 's hard , from that , to judge distances , and because speed is a function of distance and time , that 's a problem .
Happily , in October of 2015 , I visited Trump Tower for an article exploring what there was to see and do in the building . Part of that involved recording my own trips up and down the escalator , filling in at least one variable for me .
For example , that video told me that it took 4.6 seconds to travel the length of one of the vertical panes of glass that makes up the side of the escalator . You can see those vertical lines in this version of the Trump video :
That video is important ; we 'll come back to it .
In the GIF below , you can see the actual time that elapses as my thumb travels the length of one of those panes of glass .
Again : 4.6 seconds .
Now we need to know how big those panes of glass are . You may remember from high school that , given the lengths one side of a triangle and the angles within the triangle itself , you can figure out the lengths of other two sides . ( If you did n't take trig , you may not remember that . ) We know one of the angles : By definition , one angle is a right angle , 90 degrees .
( In this and the ensuing diagrams , the diagonal line — the hypotenuse of the triangle — is the escalator itself . )
Matt Johnson of the Schindler elevator company informed me that escalators in the United States are mandated to be angled at 30 degrees , which gives us another angle . ( And the third , because a triangle 's angles add up to 180 degrees . )
Now we just need the length of one of the sides .
From that video I shot in October 2015 , we can see that my body descends from about the height of my glasses to the height of my belt as I travel down the escalator the length of that pane of glass .
That distance is about 31 inches .
And so we can use our trigonometry and learn that we traveled about 54 inches down the escalator in 4.6 seconds .
That 's a speed of about 0.3 meters per second .
How much time had elapsed ?
That second video , above , tells us that Trump got on the escalator at about 11:05 a.m. and 46 seconds . You can see the time change shortly before the video ends . That means that , as of writing , about 63 million seconds had passed .
That means that , at 0.3 meters per second , Trump would have traveled a grand total of about 18,837 kilometers on that infinite escalator . But where would it have taken him ?
In which direction was Trump traveling ?
Trump Tower is located at the intersection of 57th Street and Fifth Avenue in Manhattan . 57th runs east-west , and the escalator runs parallel to the street . So , 18,837 kilometers due west of Trump Tower , right ?
No , for two reasons .
First , Manhattan 's streets do n't run true east-west . Instead of pointing due west at 270 degrees , for example , Charles Petzold calculated that the streets run about 29 degrees off that mark . Meaning that 57th Street runs at about 299 degrees — as does our escalator .
Second , though , the Earth is roughly a sphere , not an endless flat plain . That means that the escalator would probably , at some point , stop going down and start coming back up , perhaps even emerging from under the surface of the Earth . And , in fact , at 18,837 meters , that 's precisely what it does .
That 's a complicated graphic , so let 's walk through it .
The large triangle that 's overlaid on Earth is our escalator triangle from above . Here , the escalator part is the solid line . It ends at a point somewhere above the Earth 's surface — but where ?
We can draw a dashed line back to the center of the earth . Using trig , we can figure out the angle between Trump Tower and that endpoint , and then the distance from the center of the Earth to the endpoint . The diameter of the Earth is 12,742 kilometers , meaning that the radius is about 6,371 kilometers . And that tells us that our endpoint is about 10,224 kilometers above the surface of the Earth .
How high is that ? It 's just past the approximate end of the exosphere , the last point at which there are still detectable remnants of Earth 's atmosphere .
Trump would need to be in a space suit , at this point .
Where on Earth would they be ? This is actually fairly easy to calculate . Using more math , we learn that the distance along Earth 's surface we need to travel is about 11,200 kilometers . We know that we 're headed 299 degrees from Trump Tower , in a west-northwesterly direction . Plugging that into Google Earth , we learn that Trump is in space about 600 miles south of Wake Island in the South Pacific .
How much would such an escalator cost ? Well , a 30-foot tall escalator can apparently cost about $ 200,000 . Ours is 9,418 kilometers high . Setting aside the cost of supporting an escalator in midair , that 's a cost of about $ 206 billion .
More than even Trump could afford .
Update : Actually , it gets worse .
After this story published , a real-life math teacher pointed out that I 'd made a mistake . The 54-inch distance is the bottom of the triangle , not the hypotenuse . Meaning that the length of one of the panes of glass is 62 inches . And that means that Trump would have traveled at 0.342 meters per second — and wound up 21,655 meters away from their starting point .
The rest of the math is straightforward from there . Trump would end up in outer space , about 13,000 kilometers above a point 40 miles north of Rongelap Atoll . ( The atoll was evacuated in 1954 when residents were exposed to radioactive fallout from nearby nuclear testing . ) The escalator will now cost $ 236.8 billion .
The Post regrets our initial miscalculation , and will accept a C-minus on this assignment .
Shakespeare & Co. , a used bookstore that has been operating on Telegraph Avenue since 1964 , closed its doors for good this week .
The owner , Jon Wobber , said the store was not earning enough income for the time they were putting in . They made the decision to shutter yesterday , on June 2 , and served their last customer before locking the door for the last time around 8 p.m .
The building that houses Shakespeare & Co. , at 2499 Telegraph Ave. , on the corner of Dwight Way , was bought last year by Telegraph Partners , LLC , which plans to extensively remodel the building . Telegraph Partners managing member Ito Ripsteen said the company was open to the bookstore remaining , said Wobber . But the store would have had to close for three months , so Wobber thought the time was right to close the business .
Until yesterday , Shakespeare & Co. was Berkeley 's oldest bookstore still in operation . Moe 's Books , across the street on Telegraph Avenue , originated as The Paperback Book Shop on Shattuck Avenue just north of University in 1959 , but did n't call itself Moe 's until it moved to Telegraph Avenue in 1965 .
Wobber said Tuesday they have been trying to sell the store since August 2014 , but there were no takers .
Wobber is selling much of the bookstore 's inventory to Powell 's Books in Portland , Oregon . They are keeping most of the rare books and some others for the bookstore they plan to open in their hometown of Cotati in Sonoma . They will also sell books online .
Wobber bought Shakespeare & Co. in 2004 after working there for 15 years . They were the store 's third owner . The original owner was Bill Cartwright .
The store has no direct connection to the famous Paris store of the same name . Wobber said they believe the Berkeley store was named in homage to the original Shakespeare & Company , founded by Sylvia Beach in Paris in 1919 . Several other stores across the world have also adopted the name .
Read more about Berkeley 's independent bookstores .
The closure comes in the midst of a changing landscape for independent bookstores . After years of dwindling sales and gloomy news , some independent bookstores in Berkeley – as well as around the Bay Area and across the nation – are bouncing back from the recession and the onslaught on online booksellers like Amazon . During each of the past three years , indies have seen a collective growth in sales . The American Booksellers Association has reported an increase in the number of independent bookstores nationwide , with 59 new ABA members in 2014 .
However making a bookstore business thrive is still hard work . Last year Gina Davidson closed Bookish , the stylish little bookstore they ran on Euclid Avenue in Berkeley , just one year after opening it . Davidson said they planned to focus on a mobile , pop-up bookstore model instead .
Wobber is looking forward to no longer having a 50-mile commute from home to work , but he 's disappointed to be saying goodbye to Berkeley .
“ I 'm going to miss the people of Berkeley — I 've had lots of nice transactions and made lots of acquaintances and friends here , ” they said . “ I 'll be sorry to miss all the people . ”
There are some aspects of running a business on Telegraph Avenue they wo n't miss , however . “ I wo n't miss the sirens blasting by every day , ” they said , “ or the people standing on the corner smoking cigarettes. ” They added that , though the local buses are supposed to be ‘ clean energy , ' the bus fumes that seeped into the store smelled bad too .
One of Shakespeare & Co. 's last customers , Julie Kleinerman , was in the store at around 7:15 p.m. Tuesday . A Berkeley resident who will be attending UCLA next semester , Kleinerman asked Wobber for book recommendations for a camping trip she 's taking this summer .
[ Hat-tip : Ted Friedman . ]
Correction : This story originally reported that Ito Ripsteen worked for Gordon Commercial Real Estate Services although they left that company in 2013 . We apologize for the error .
Read more about Berkeley 's independent bookstores .
Do you rely on Berkeleyside for your local news ? You can support independent local journalism by becoming a Berkeleyside Member . You can choose either a monthly payment or a one-time contribution .
Last week Amazon published a low-resolution copy of the special trailer promoting the upcoming release of Star Trek : The Next Generation ‘ s “ The Best of Both Worlds ” on Blu-Ray . Since then , CBS Home Entertainment have released an HD version on their official YouTube channel which – whilst a vast improvement over Amazon 's copy – is still marred by heavy compression artefacts . I 've been in contact with CBS who have kindly supplied us with a super high-resolution copy of the trailer for our readers to enjoy .
With every effort to restrain from breaking into excess hyperbole , the uncompressed HD 1080p trailer for this Blu-Ray is jawdroppingly beautiful and presents Best of Both Worlds in a quality unimaginable just a few years ago . Without further ado , here 's the higher-quality trailer on our YouTube channel . Analysis and stills follow . You can download an even better quality version below , with links to 1080p , 720p and 480p resolutions .
Download : 480p ( 52 MB ) • 720p ( 131 MB ) • 1080p ( 304 MB )
Kudos must again go to the company CBS has contracted to produce the trailers . This preview exudes off-the-scale epicness on every level . The tension and excitement of TNG ‘ s finest episodes are beautifully relayed in this trailer which – coupled with the glorious HD remastering – gives the episode a feature film quality .
TrekCore has got a special extended gallery of almost 200 HD 1080p screenshots from the trailer available for your viewing delight – just click here ! In the meantime , here are some of our favorite shots alongside the original SD DVD quality that we 've become accustomed to over the past 25 years .
Original SD ( DVD ) Remastered HD ( Blu-Ray ) One of TNG ‘ s famous poker scenes . The overexposed SD shot is nicely rebalanced in the remastered HD print with new detail emerging and even the playing cards are legible ! Bravo CBS Digital ! After the multitude of poorly composited viewscreen shots in the second season , this is a delight to see . No DNR visible , grain applied carefully and even a small correction – Admiral Hanson 's reflection is now visible in the Observation Lounge table . A ten-fold increase in realism ! I loved this shot in the original SD print , but now that the exposure is correct and little details such as the missing registry number underneath the nacelle have been fixed , it 's even more beautiful . Total wallpaper material for you all ! No , you 're not seeing double ! The top two images are from “ The Best of Both Worlds , Part I ” , the bottom is from “ Q Who ” in Season 2 . The shots use identical elements for the Enterprise and the Borg Cube , however the tractor beam was different . This is exactly the comparison which shows off the difference in the remastering techniques from CBS Digital ( top row – “ The Best of Both Worlds ” , Season 3 ) and HTV Illuminate ( bottom row – “ Q Who ” , Season 2 ) . It 's night and day – the Borg Cube looks just like a toy model in HTV 's version of the shot , overly bright and artifical looking , even compared to the SD version of the same shot . Flip to CBS Digital 's version – the cube ( admittedly a kitbash of model parts to start with ) looks fantastically threatening against the Enterprise . The lighting , shadows and little flecks of green add a dimension of reality to the ship that is totally absent from HTV 's version . When you see the work of the two effects houses side-by-side like this , it 's quite clear that CBS Digital 's efforts come out on top . Oh my ! The true colors of the Paulson Nebula can finally be seen . It 's such a vivid creation and the original element translates beautifully to HD . The washed out colors and video tracking lines of the original print will soon be a distant memory . Another huge jump in quality . The Borg uniform is such an intricate piece of costuming , and every different texture and material glistens with the new HD transfer . Also – look at the new details coming through in the ceiling pattern behind the drone . Fine detail like this makes the show look so much more realistic . Oh brother ! Those command reds just pop off the screen in the remastered version . CBS Digital do fantastic work with color correction . TNG is a colorful show , but that saturation has always been masked due to how the show was edited in standard definition . It 's vivid shots like this that bring the show alive . I 've always loved this shot of badass Beverly taking out a drone with their phaser . The rotating frequency phaser beam looks awesome here . I know from speaking with Eric Bruno and CBS Digital just how long a shot like this takes to knock out ( we 're talking upwards of an hour per phaser beam ) so the amount of work the team have had to do for an episode like this would have been significant . Their efforts and attention to detail have really paid off – they managed to make Beverly look even more badass ! Mr. Worf , Fire ! Damn , it keeps getting better… a pretty ropey shot of the model to start with , the team have done wonders with the lighting and shadow work here . Lots of “ extra love ” went into this shot – the reflected light of the deflector beam against the underside of the saucer section and the shadows it casts look incredible . I could wax lyrical about shots like this forever – fantastic work . This shot has undergone some pretty major work , all for the better I would say . The overly exposed lighting has been toned down to appropriate levels of Borg Cube creepiness and the existing matte painting has been replaced with the new interior matte we saw in Season 2 – complete with moving drones in the background . Very cool ! Close-up shots like this really show off what a huge leap SD to HD is for Star Trek : The Next Generation . The Borg headpiece was such an intricately designed appliance made with incredible craftsmanship during the production of the show . It totally holds up in high definition and looks even more disturbingly alien . The terrific pay-off for the episode : the destruction of the Borg Cube . This was always a shot to marvel at , even with the restrictions inherent in SD resolution . In HD , this comes close to perfection . I am totally digging the fires streaming out of the cube prior to explosion . The debris thrown out in the explosion looks far more realistic here and the slightly dubious “ firework-style ” remnants shooting out in all directions have been toned down to a more subtle and ultimately more realistic level . Again , beautiful work .
Star Trek : The Next Generation – “ The Best of Both Worlds ” will be released on a special single disc Blu-Ray edition with both parts edited together as a special feature length movie . The disc is chock full of exclusive bonus features including an audio commentary from Director Cliff Bole , Shelby actor Elizabeth Dennehy and Mike & Denise Okuda . There 's also a brand-new gag reel unearthed from the original film-reels and a special documentary “ Regeneration – Engaging the Borg ” . Fans in the US & Canada should expect a release date of April 30 for this disc ( the same day Season 3 is set to hit shelves ) . Fans in the UK can get their copy one day early , as Paramount Home Entertainment ( UK ) have nominated April 29 as their release date .
Three men accused of selling and exporting over $ 10 million worth of fake Cisco networking equipment into the U.S. have been arrested by U.K. police .
The men are believed to have imported and exported counterfeit Cisco equipment through a company website and telesales . The arrests , made last week by the U.K. Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit ( PIPCU ) , were announced Thursday .
“ Last week 's action saw PIPCU dismantle a criminal gang suspected of cheating the computer industry out of millions of pounds , ” said PIPCU Detective Inspector Mick Dodge , in a statement . Using counterfeit products could also seriously harm businesses that use them , since company network integrity could be compromised and significant network outages could occur , Dodge said .
Between December 2012 and April this year 40 shipments of suspected counterfeit Cisco products believed to have been sent from the suspects ' business in the U.K. to the U.S. were intercepted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , PIPCU said . The U.K. police has worked closely with U.S. Customs , U.S . Homeland Security Investigations and Cisco 's Global Brand Protection to investigate the case .
Two of the men , 35 and 36 years old , respectively , were arrested at their homes in Sawbridgeworth and Birchanger . The third man , who is 38 years old , was arrested at their place of work in Bishops Stortford . During searches , counterfeit Cisco equipment with an estimated value of more than $ 1 million was seized , the police said .
The police did not reveal the names of the men , and declined to give details about the counterfeit products . A Cisco spokesperson also declined to reveal more details about the counterfeit products , citing the ongoing investigation .
Law enforcement has been cracking down on the sales of fake Cisco gear for years . In 2011 for instance , two people were convicted in the U.S. for importing and selling counterfeit Cisco-branded networking equipment . And in 2010 , a Chinese man was sentenced to a two-and-a-half year prison sentence for trafficking in counterfeit Cisco Systems gear .
U.S. and Canadian law enforcement have been targeting the illegal importation and sale of counterfeit network hardware such as routers , switches and network cards from China since 2005 .
UPDATE – April 8 , 2014
“ According to the Lips ' representative , Scurlock is no longer a member of the band , ” Pitchfork reports . No details have been given by Flaming Lips members or their representatives .
The post below was published before the break of dawn on March 23rd , just a few hours after the Lips ' BUKU set concluded . Since then Matt Duckworth has been confirmed as the drummer in the green wig at that show . Matt also acted in the group 's April Fools Funny or Die videos , and drums for the entirety of Flaming Side of the Moon ( both recorded the weekend of March 29th ) . Matt is best known as Stardeath and White Dwarfs ' drummer and a touring member of The Evangelicals . Besides their resume as a drummer , Matt has worked on recording sessions with local bands ( i.e . The Breakfast Machine , Gentle Ghost , Brainwasher ) and has been a frequent recording partner for The Flaming Lips since 2012 . Among other contributions , Matt 's drum programming is prominent on the Lips ' collaboration with Bon Iver , “ Ashes in the Air. ” Matt previously toured with the Lips as a roadie . The original post on the Lips BUKU set from March 23rd follows below .
_________________________________________________________________
On March 22 , 2014 The Flaming Lips co-headlined New Orleans ' Buku Music Project .
Curiously missing in action was Kliph Scurlock , the band 's live drummer since their fall 2002 tour with Beck . No official explanation of this has been given ( though twitter comedians Amber E. and “ Cajunflag Testing ” fueled speculation that Kliph is no longer with the band by tweeting from the show that they are said to have quit ; note emphasis on the word “ speculation “ ) . In their place for most of the show was an unidentified drummer in a hat and green wig ( believed to be Stardeath and White Dwarfs ' Matt Duckworth ) . Additionally Steven Drozd , the Lips multi-instrumentalist and drummer since 1991 , played drums for the second half of “ Race for the Prize ” ( Steven was the sole drummer in the band from the time they joined until mid-2002 , and continued that role in the studio until 2009 's Embryonic split drum duties between Steven and Kliph ) .
The Lips made no mention of any of the above during their set , though Wayne did say “ a lot of out friends our here with us ” in their banter before “ Race for the Prize , ” perhaps in part a reference to the mystery drummer .
RUMOR is the flaming lips drummer quit this morning — Cajunflag Testing ( @ dudehugs ) March 23 , 2014
https : //twitter.com/rare_basement/status/447588273096253440
https : //twitter.com/rare_basement/status/447588485717696512
Despite the possible band changes , the Lips ' BUKU set was among their best recent performances ( albeit too short ) . They opened with a sublime “ Sleeping on the Roof ” ( audio stream ) , followed by “ Look…The Sun Is Rising ” ( stream ) and “ The Terror ” ( stream ) – all continuously ( that is , without much banter ) , an emotional triptych of a beginning . They also played particularly moving versions of “ Silver Trembling Hands ” ( stream ) , DEVO 's “ Gates of Steel ” ( stream ) and set closer “ Spoonful Weighs a Ton ” ( stream ) . But what stood out the most was Steven 's drumming on “ Race for the Prize , ” their first performance on drums during a regular Lips set since the summer of 2002 . They could n't have picked a better song to come back with – “ Race For The Prize ” is one of their career defining drum parts . Stream audio highlights of the Lips at BUKU via the above links , and see the full setlist and photos from the show below .
If it turns out that Kliph is in fact no longer with the Lips we wish them the best for their future endeavors , including their work with Gruff Rhys ( whose new album and film , both titled American Interior , feature Kliph ) .
Sleeping on the Roof
Look…The Sun Is Rising
The Terror
The W.A.N.D .
Race for the Prize
Virgo Self-Esteem Broadcast
Silver Trembling Hands
Try to Explain
Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots ( part 1 )
Gates of Steel ( DEVO cover )
Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds ( The Beatles cover )
A Spoonful Weighs a Ton
Encore : Do You Realize ? ?
It 's fitting that as Tom Brady enters their 16th matchup against Peyton Manning they will tie the signal-caller 's record for most AFC Offensive Player of the Month awards since the accolade was created in 1986 .
Tom Terrific won their seventh player of the month award for their October performance . Their most recent award came in December 2011 .
Leading the Patriots to a 4-0 record during Breast Cancer Awareness month , Brady completed 100 of 144 passes ( 69.4 percent ) for 1,268 yards with 14 touchdowns and no interceptions for an NFL-best 129.1 passer rating .
In the NFC , DeMarco Murray took home their second consecutive Offensive Player of the Month Award to start the 2014 season .
Murray led the NFL with 520 rushing yards in October , currently has an NFL-best 1,054 rushing yards and is tied for first with seven rushing touchdowns .
The Dallas Cowboys running back rushed for at least 100 yards in all four October games , averaging 130 yards per game . Murray has rushed for at least 100 yards in all eight games , the longest streak in NFL history to start a season . Murray added 17 catches for 171 yards in October , and their 691 scrimmage yards were the most in the NFL this past month .
Other October winners :
AFC
Defense : LB Von Miller , Denver Broncos : Miller led the NFL with seven sacks and posted 14 tackles with one pass defensed while helping Denver to a 4-0 record in October . They posted two sacks in three of four games this month and has recorded a sack in six consecutive games , the longest streak of their career and the longest active streak in the NFL . Ten of Miller 's 14 tackles this month were for a loss .
Special Teams : WR/KR Jarvis Landry , Miami Dolphins : Landry ranked second in the NFL with a 35.6 kickoff-return average for the month on five returns , including a long of 54 yards , to help the Dolphins to a 2-1 record in October . The wideout leads the NFL with a 31.3 kickoff return average for the season and is on pace to set a single-season franchise record .
NFC
Defense : DE Everson Griffen , Minnesota Vikings : Griffen led the NFC with six sacks and had 20 tackles and a forced fumble in October . They had at least one sack in all four games during the month , including tying their career high with three sacks in Week 7 at Buffalo .
Special Teams : K Shayne Graham , New Orleans Saints : Graham converted all nine field goal attempts and nine PATs during the month . They had three field goals in each of the team 's three games ( the Saints had a bye in Week 6 ) and is the only kicker who made at least three field goals in all of their team 's October games . Graham scored at least 10 points in all three October contests , including a season-high 14 in a Week 8 win .
Rookies of the Month
Offense : WR Sammy Watkins , Buffalo Bills : Watkins led all rookies with 393 receiving yards on 21 receptions ( 18.7 average ) with three touchdowns , which tied for the most among rookies this month . They posted at least 87 receiving yards in three of four games , including two 100-yard performances , also a rookie best .
Defense : LB C.J . Mosley , Baltimore Ravens : Mosley posted 42 tackles , third among all NFL players , with two interceptions for the month . They led the Ravens in tackles in three of four games , including a career-high 15 tackles against Indianapolis in Week 5 and 13 tackles against Cincinnati in Week 8 .
The latest Around The NFL Podcast breaks down the league at the midway point and previews Saints-Panthers . Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW .
Check out Slate 's complete coverage of the Beijing Games .
Jamaica 's Usain Bolt celebrates after winning the men 's 4×100 meter relay final at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games .
Photo by Adrian Dennis/AFP/GettyImages .
Jamaicans dominated the Olympic 100-meter sprint this weekend , with Usain Bolt setting a world record and their teammates taking all three medals in the women 's event . Jamaica is a poor , tiny nation about half the size of New Jersey . What makes its people such champion sprinters ?
A combination of nature and nurture . Runners of West African descent—which includes Jamaicans as well as most African-Americans—seem to be built for speed : In 2004 , they held all but five of the 500 best times in the 100-meter dash . ( East Africans , such as Kenyans and Ethiopians , rule the long-distance field . ) Several biological factors may be coming into play here . One study conducted in Quebec in the 1980s found that black West African students had significantly higher amounts of “ fast-twitch ” muscle fibers—the kind that are responsible for short , explosive bursts of action—than white French Canadians did . ( So far , there is no evidence that even extensive training can turn slow-twitch muscles into fast-twitch ones , though moving in the other direction is possible . )
Exercise physiologists at the University of Glasgow and the University of the West Indies are currently researching the genetic , nutritional , and sociological factors behind West Africa 's sprinting success . The team has just begun to analyze the genetic data it has collected , but preliminary findings suggest that 70 percent of Jamaicans have the “ strong ” form of the ACTN3 gene—which produces a protein in their fast-twitch muscle fibers that has been linked to increased sprinting performance . That 's a significantly higher percentage than in the United States , where about 60 percent have the gene variant . A further 28 percent of Jamaicans are heterozygous for the gene—which has the same effect , but to a lesser degree—compared with about 20 percent of Americans . The rest , by contrast , have the “ null ” form of the gene that produces no protein at all , apparently making for lousier sprinters but perhaps better endurance runners . ( Ironically , a sample of Kenyans showed a lower incidence of the null form than Americans . )
Of course the vast majority of Jamaicans with active ACTN3 genes do n't go on to become world-class athletes . Cultural factors are likely to contribute to the success of Jamaican sprinters . For example , track and field has historically held a high place of honor in Jamaican culture . The annual high school Boys and Girls Athletics Championships—known simply as Champs—is a major national event the importance of which to Jamaicans rivals that of the Super Bowl to Americans . A long history of high-profile accomplishments at Champs—plus the 45 Olympic medals Jamaicans have now won in track—helps inculcate a deep sense of national pride in the sport .
Some have pointed to improved training over the past 30 years as an explanation for Jamaica 's medal haul . Star athletes once had little opportunity to train and compete at the post-high-school level , but the country 's University of Technology has since become a premier training center for track and field . Nevertheless , four-fifths of this year 's Olympic team trained overseas .
Got a question about today 's news ? Ask the Explainer .
Explainer thanks Anthony Davis of the University of Technology and Rachael Irving of the University of West Indies , Mona Campus .
Related Article TVA ordered to improve handling of employee concerns at Watts Bar Read more
America 's newest nuclear reactor resumed power generation Tuesday following more than four months of repairs to fix a ruptured condenser that idled the $ 5 billion unit only five months after it first started producing electricity .
TVA President Bill Johnson said Tuesday that the Unit 2 reactor at the Watts Bar Nuclear Plant is back online `` just in time to help us meet our peak demand during those hot August days ahead . ''
TVA spokesperson Jim Hopson said the Unit 2 reactor at Watts Bar Nuclear Plant near Spring City , Tenn. , resumed power generation at 2:24 p.m. Tuesday after plant workers repaired a ruptured condenser that broke apart when support beams failed on the unit on March 23 .
`` We will bring the unit up to full power gradually to ensure that all of the equipment is working properly , '' Hopson said Tuesday night .
Related Article TVA inspector general says safety culture problems remain at Watts Bar Read more
The newest reactor at Watts Bar became the first new commercial reactor added to the U.S. electric grid last October when TVA achieved full power at the Watts Bar reactor 42 years after construction began on the unit . But only five months after its commercial start , the Unit 2 reactor shut down when the support beams failed on one of the plant 's condensers , which help convert the steam generated within the reactor back into water for recirculation in the closed loop system .
During a meeting with a Community Action Panel at Watts Bar on Monday , TVA Engineering Director Mike Casner said the main condensers on both units had design flaws .
Because of the tight quarters in the turbine building that houses the condensers , TVA Senior Nuclear Manager Mark Castronova said repairing the ruptured equipment took 160,000 man-hours and cost TVA $ 29 million in labor and equipment costs , not even counting the tens of millions of dollars of power generation lost during the 19-week outage .
TVA filed an insurance claim with Nuclear Energy Insurance Limited ( NEIL ) for the Unit 2 condenser failure and could receive some payment next year , officials told Dave Lochbaum of the Union of Concerned Scientists during Monday 's meeting with the public about the status of Watts Bar .
Johnson said TVA has had no trouble meeting power demand without the Watts Bar Unit 2 so far this summer and they said the utility achieved `` strong financial results '' so far this year even with the unexpected shutdown of the new nuclear unit .
Milder weather cut the amount of electricity sold to local power companies in the Tennessee Valley by 1.5 percent in the first nine months of TVA 's fiscal year . But higher fuel surcharges and a base rate increase last year combined to boost TVA revenues and help TVA earn $ 233 million on electricity sales of $ 2.57 billion in the past three months .
Related Article Watts Bar reactor trips for second time this week Read more
In the same period a year ago , TVA earned $ 291 million on $ 2.48 billion in sales .
`` Our year to date financials continue to reflect the warm , dry conditions and the lower output in the first half of the year along with higher natural gas prices , '' Johnson said . `` TVA 's diverse generation portfolio and our sustained operational efficiency efforts have been instrumental in keeping our rates lower for our customers despite challenging operating conditions this year . I 'm optimistic we 'll end the fiscal year in good shape . ''
Above-average rainfall this summer helped restore hydroelectric generation in recent weeks — TVA 's cheapest source of power — and higher industrial sales to direct-served customers has helped offset the weather-related drop in power consumption by residential and commercial customers in TVA 's seven-state region .
TVA Chief Financial Officer John Thomas said TVA maintained its operating cost savings from previous years to help hold rates lower than they otherwise would have been with higher natural gas prices and other fuel costs .
`` The efficiencies we gained through the past several years reduced our annual operating expenses by over $ 800 million , '' Thomas said . `` This is especially important in a year like 2017 when we have more challenging operating conditions . ''
Even without generation from its newest reactor , TVA 's power generating portfolio continued to become cleaner with the start up of the Paradise natural gas combined- cycle in Kentucky during April and the installation of the first selective catalytic reduction system at its Gallatin Fossil Plant near Nashville in June . A second SCR was added at Gallatin in July .
TVA said new coal scrubbers and SCRs also should become operational at Units 1 and 4 at the Shawnee Fossil Plant in Kentucky by this fall .
With more energy- efficient equipment in most homes and businesses and more self-generated power from solar , wind and other sources , TVA does n't forecast the need to build any major new baseload power plants for at least another decade .
Contact Dave Flessner at dflessner @ timesfreepress.com or at 757-6340 .
This story was updated Aug. 1 at 10:25 p.m .
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama - If University of Alabama Board of Trustees had any question about what Birmingham leaders felt about UAB athletics , then they received a loud and clear statement today when supporters and fans filled the chamber in a rally to save Blazer football .
The chamber today was filled with supporters as council members unanimously approved a resolution supporting UAB football and urged officials to save the program .
Today 's regular council meeting was dominated by UAB as students , former players and boosters stood with city leaders in their rally to preserve the team .
`` It 's not just about the football team . It 's about the students . It 's about quality of life for those students , '' said Council President Johnathan Austin , who sponsored the resolution .
UAB supporters were alerted to possible trouble for football earlier this month when they learned that a university-wide strategic plan could recommend ending the program .
In addition supports were alarmed by the lack of a scheduled non-conference game beyond 2016 .
Today 's meeting took a nonpartisan and nonpolitical tone as the council , Mayor William Bell and Rep. Jack Williams stood united in support of the Blazers and UAB .
`` Sometimes there are those large overarching issues on which we can lock arms , '' said Williams , R-Vestavia Hills .
Williams said city , county and legislative leaders are united in support of UAB .
For example , Rep. John Rogers , D-Birmingham , in 2012 sponsored a bill that would have created separate boards for both UAB and UAH .
Councilwoman Sheila Tyson praised UAB football and the team 's community partnerships in their district . Tyson also restated their pledge to support legislation to bring fairness when it comes to UAB board representation .
As a symbol of their commitment , they pulled out a UAB cap and wore it throughout the meeting . It was the first of several rounds of applause that roared through the chamber .
Councilwoman Valerie Abbott expressed often heard frustration that the Board of Trustees , dominated by Tuscaloosa graduates , is disinterested in UAB .
They also used the moment to challenge UAB supporters to step up in support of the program .
`` If everyone in Birmingham would buy a ticket and go to the game , that just might wake everyone in Tuscaloosa up , '' Abbott said .
Councilwoman Lashunda Scales told the players that they have a partner with the city in their fight for UAB athletics .
`` You do n't have to feel like you 're in this fight alone , '' they said `` We 're going to fight this fight with you . Most importantly we 're going to win this fight . ''
The meeting was spirited and at times emotional , as speakers described the importance of the athletic program and the school itself .
Tim Alexander , a UAB player who was paralyzed in an auto accident , took the lectern to lobby for their school and former team .
Alexander , who graduated and will attend graduate school , said the program transcends athletics and is about teamwork and family .
Alexander received a standing ovation as other players lifted them out of their wheelchair to let them stand for the end of the presentation .
Some in the audience held back tears as Alexander made their dramatic statement of support .
Bell restated support for their alma mater , saying there are just a few detractors who do not want to see the institution thrive .
On the other hand , they have said the preservation of UAB will require far-reaching commitments from the public and private sectors to build better facilities .
Bell today said the issue is more than football and the elimination of the sport would also affect other athletics .
Bell said it is up to UAB supporters to do what University President Ray Watts can not do , noting that the last president to speak forcefully for UAB athletics is no longer in their seat .
In response , Williams said they would work through the legislature to create rules to take away the bridle on UAB officials and give them more freedom to advocate for their institution .
The presentation ended with the showing of a new television commercial seeking support for UAB .
`` What 's good for it is good for us all , '' the narrator concludes in the spot .
On Tuesday night , Fox News hosts expressed concern that the defeat of Roy Moore — the Republican U.S. Senate candidate from Alabama who has been credibly accused of sexual misconduct by a number of women , several of whom were teenagers at the time — might result in President Trump being held accountable for the 14 sexual assault allegations that have been made against him .
That concern is legitimate — recent polling indicates that 70 percent of Americans want Congress to investigate the accusations against Trump , and Democratic senators are starting to publicly call for them to be held accountable . So perhaps it 's not a coincidence that on on Wednesday morning , Trump 's favorite show , Fox & Friends , went to ludicrous lengths to spin Moore 's loss as far away from the president as possible .
After host Steve Doocy mentioned that Trump endorsed two failed candidates for the Alabama U.S. Senate seat — first Luther Strange and then Moore — host Ainsley Earhardt insisted , “ Jones caught a break when all these allegations came out against Judge Moore . The environment was really bad , the story I felt like was just horrific , it was hard for women especially to go to the polls and vote for them even though those allegations were just allegations , and even though it happened so long ago . ”
Earhardt then abruptly asserted that Moore 's defeat was n't actually a referendum on the president — because in their view , Alabamans who voted for Doug Jones were actually voting against a liberal film producer who has recently been hit with a number of sexual assault allegations .
“ This was not a referendum on Trump , I feel like it was a referendum on Harvey Weinstein , ” they said .
Later , Earhardt downplayed Jones ' more than 20,000 vote margin of victory in typically deep-red Alabama as “ not that much of a win . ”
Advertisement
While Fox & Friends might want its viewers to believe that a U.S. Senate race in which Trump managed to endorse two losing candidates does n't reflect poorly on the president , exit polling indicates otherwise :
Share of voters who `` strongly disapprove '' of Trump → share of voters who backed the Democrat ( per exit polls ) VA : 47 % → 95 %
NJ : 54 % → 88 %
AL : 41 % → 97 % — Will Jordan ( @ williamjordann ) December 13 , 2017
Trump , who live-tweeted other segments of Wednesday 's edition of Fox & Friends , made their own desperate attempt to spin blame for Moore 's defeat away from themselves on Wednesday morning . Following Moore 's lead , Trump framed the disgraced ex-judge as a victim , and suggested that Moore 's loss actually reflected the wisdom of their endorsement of Strange in the primary .
“ The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange ( and their numbers went up mightily ) , is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election , ” Trump tweeted . “ I was right ! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him ! ”
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange ( and their numbers went up mightily ) , is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election . I was right ! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 13 , 2017
Trump 's assertion that their endorsement of Strange caused “ his numbers ” to go up “ mightily ” is false . In fact , polling conducted prior to the primary election showed that Trump 's endorsement , if anything , caused Strange 's support to dip . The president must have realized as much : as soon as Moore prevailed , Trump deleted the tweets in which they had expressed their support for Strange .
During a Fox News segment on the reopening of the Maryville rape case , criminal defense attorney Joseph DiBenedetto accused Daisy Coleman and Paige Parkhurst of making false rape accusations in order to take `` the easy way out '' and avoid getting in trouble for sneaking out at 1 a.m .
DiBenedetto then suggested that the two girls should have `` expected '' to be taken advantage of since they had been drinking around teenage boys late at night .
Advertisement :
`` What did they expect to happen at 1 a.m. after sneaking out ? '' DiBenedetto asked host Shepard Smith . `` I 'm not saying they deserved to be raped , but ... '' they continued before concluding that `` this case is going nowhere , and it 's going nowhere quick . ''
Smith remained mostly silent while their guest argued that teenage girls should expect to be sexually assaulted if they sneak out of their homes late at night , but did manage to speak up at the very end of the segment , saying , `` What you 've done , Joseph , is taken an alleged victim of rape and turned them into a liar and a crime committer . That 's a far jump from 1,000 miles away . ''
KOIN 6 News Staff - PORTLAND , Ore. ( KOIN ) -- In a career spanning 6 decades , Dan Rather has reported on nearly every major story on their way to becoming one of the world 's best and best-known journalists .
Rather , who spent 42 years with CBS as a reporter , anchor and `` 60 Minutes '' correspondent , will come to Portland December 9 for 2 shows at Powell 's Books .
`` What Unites Us : Reflections on Patriotism '' is their collection of original essays about our shared values .
Tickets go on sale for each show , at 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. , this coming Saturday , October 9 through Eventbrite.com . A ticketholder will get into one of the shows and get a hardcover copy of Dan Rather 's book .
Powell 's officials said there will not be a public signing at either show .
While America celebrated the annual end-of-summer rite known as Labor Day weekend , a team of researchers spent the time searching a lake in northern Sweden for a `` Ghost Rocket , '' an object that allegedly crashed there on July 31 , 1980 .
Bo and Liz Berg , pictured below , reported seeing an elongated , cigar-shaped object with two protrusions on its sides ( see main image above ) , turn 180 degress and perform a controlled landing in the water of Lake Nammajaure , reports TheLocal.se , Sweden 's news-in-English website .
`` We heard this sound , like an airplane cruising along without accelerating , '' Bo Berg told GhostRocketsFilm .
`` [ It made ] a swooshing sound . We figured it was a cruise missile -- a Soviet missile that was off course , '' Liz Berg told GhostRocketsFilm . `` But it slowed down and turned . Then it landed on the lake and sank . ''
People have reported seeing unidentified objects crashing in Swedish lakes over the past six decades .
Many UFOs seen in 1946 were dubbed `` ghost rockets '' because they were reported as missile- or rocket-shaped . Some of these objects were thought to be German missiles captured by Russia during World War Two , but a definitive explanation was never found , according to numerous accounts .
More than 30 years after the Bergs ' experience , Clas Svahn , chairperson of UFO-Sweden , put a support team together of divers , a film crew and one of the original witnesses to the 1980 sighting , and headed to Lake Nammajaure this past weekend to try and find the unknown object .
The Ghost Rocket expedition prepares to search the Swedish lake .
`` People mistake UFOs with flying saucers . There are many , many reports of strange things in the air , '' Svahn told The Local . `` What we 're interested in is explaining what they are . Every answer is a good answer . ''
A documentary is in production , following Svahn 's efforts to unlock the mystery of the Swedish `` Ghost Rockets . ''
In a video posted on Sept. 1 , Svahn described some of the difficulties the team had with the murky waters of the lake , seen below , which caused them to end the expedition .
`` It was difficult for divers to photograph underwater as it was quite muddy , '' Svahn said . `` What was interesting was when they reached the spot where we think the craft sank , they found that the bottom was nearly bottomless . We do n't know how far the mud goes down . At this point , we have no means of continuing our expedition -- we can not go any deeper down in the mud . ''
The expedition divers also informed Svahn that if an object had landed on the floor of the lake , it would probably have sunk down a few meters in the mud , and it may still be there .
Svahn is already planning another trip back to the site , armed with different equipment to aid them in their task .
`` We are still very certain that what Bo and Liz did see was a real craft , a real object , maneuvering -- someone was remote-controlling it , landing it . ''
Team leader Clas Svahn calls it quits at the Ghost Rocket lake site .
The day is finally here . The day that rosters start to come into vision , big names find new homes , and the eventual departure of some familiar , and possibly legendary faces . Phil Emery follows the trend of hitting the ground running fast and furious . Every Bears free agency has started this way . Brandon Marshall , Matt Forte , Jermon Bushrod , and Martellus Bennett are all examples of that philosophy . If Emery wants a guy , they go after him . Unfortunately , this year 's Plan A was snatched away , as Michael Bennett elected to stay with the Seahawks . The Bears were aggressive during the NFL 's tampering period , in a push for Bears tight end Martellus Bennett ‘ s brother .
Defensive line has been the biggest need , and losing out on Michael Bennett was tough . Lamar Houston was Emery 's Plan B. Houston is not the replacement for Julius Peppers of four years ago , but instead an above-average , versatile lineman that is young , big , powerful , and will disrupt offenses in both running and passing situations . He 's been increasing their sack totals yearly , totaling 6.0 sacks in 2013 . Their 41 QB hurries and 16 QB hits is certainly reminiscent of Peppers . It certainly proves their ability to be disruptive . Where they really shines though is their ability to play the run . Pro Football Focus accounts for 54 total stops ( 1st ) and 40 runs stops ( 1st ) . It 's likely the Bears will be fine after missing out on Bennett , and ultimately paid less for Houston . Injecting youth to the defense was a priority for Emery and Houston is only 26 years old , whereas Bennett is 28 .
[ Deal : Five year $ 35 million , $ 15 Million Guaranteed ]
The Bears resigned middle linebacker , DJ Williams to another one year deal . Jon Bostic 's slow start means that Williams ' cap-friendly deal will be worthwhile , if they can stay healthy . Bostic clearly needs a bit more time to figure things out , and D.J . Williams provides that time . Not only that , but hopefully can help the younger guys transition into the NFL a little smoother . This singing majorly increases draft flexibility , at a position that the Bears simply could n't use a pick on this year . The Bears have an interesting linebacker situation going into the new league year . Shea McClellin is going to compete with Bostic at Strong Side , so depth with Green is abundant . This moves the biggest advantage is consistency , D.J Williams , Jon Bostic , Khaseem Green , and Lance Briggs all benefit from having played together the year before , and Williams ensures that Linebacker is not a pressing need in this years draft .
[ Deal : One Year , $ 1.5 million , $ 100,000 guaranteed ]
Julius Peppers is no longer a Chicago Bear . Their massive contract was simply too much for the Bears to keep on the books . Cap issues eventually meant the end of the run for a truly great Bears player . Their age and decreased production meant it was time to move on . With Melton 's future looking bleak , Emery looks like they are cleaning out the last signs of Lovie Smith . The Bears roster from 2012 is going to be almost completely flipped . Many fans will be sad to see number 90 leave , especially after signing with the rival Green Bay Packers . It was a move that had to be made , if Peppers cap number was more manageable it would have made sense to line them up opposite of Houston , but at 18 million against the cap Peppers was more detrimental to the team at that price .
[ Deal : Terminated , signed 3-year deal with Packers ]
The Bears had poor safety play in 2013 , a consequence of the poor line play and a lack of a pass rush . However , that is no excuse , and so the Bears signed two safeties in the first few days of free agency , first signing safety Ryan Mundy and then ex-Packer M.D . Jennings . Neither player jumps off the page , especially when names like Jairus Byrd , T.J. Ward , and Donte Whitner were on the market . Releasing Julius Peppers and Michael Bush should have prompted the Bears to sign a better safety . If anything this is a move to increase depth and increase competition at both the free and strong safety positions . It should be expected the Bears are looking at drafting a safety due to the depth at the position in this year 's Draft . It is likely that Emery looked at the free agent class vs. the 2014 draft class and saw enough depth in the Draft to pass over the more expensive free agent options . Chris Conte will be back ; whether fans understand it or not , they are cheap , played well in 2012 , and is still under contract for this year . In letting Major Wright and Craig Steltz go , the Bears were in need of increased depth , so holding on to Conte is a smart move .
[ Ryan Mundy Deal : 2-years , details not yet released ]
[ M.D Jennings Deal : 1-year , details not yet released ]
Late Friday , the Bears finally completed my favorite free agent signing thus far . Charles “ Peanut ” Tillman is back for another year . Keeping Tillman makes Phil Emery 's job in the draft a little easier . It fills a big need in the defensive backfield , as Tillman is a turnover machine . Hopefully they can rebound from a disappointing injury-riddled season . Tillman 's start to the 2013 season was strong . Hopefully their body can keep up and they can continue to be the effective player he 's always been for this franchise . Fans will be happy to see “ Peanut ” return to the Bears lineup , and it should benefit the team greatly . They still need depth behind Tillman and Tim Jennings . Although that is a great tandem , some youth needs to be brought in behind the two veteran cornerbacks , not only to secure depth but future-proofing the position as well .
[ Deal : 1-Year , details not yet released ]
The Bears are still in need of a few positions to really solidify freedom in the draft . The defensive line is still missing depth . Even after the Bears signed multiple defensive ends to small contracts — Trevor Scott and Austin Lane were signed to one-year deals — but neither is awe-inspiring . Houston is clearly the crown jewel for the Bears this year in free agency , but Melton still a free agent . The Bears need a dominant force in the middle of that defensive line . The Bears are likely drafting at both the defensive tackle , and defensive back positions . The one offensive position that needs some additions is tight end , and one guy I think the Bears really need to look at is Owen Daniels . I know they have Rosario , but Daniels is a better option . They could come cheap as their injury history has been poor recently , but that could mean they would go for a one-year prove-it deal and really elevate the Bears offense .
Ukrainian separatist rebels are reporting “ heavy losses ” today as the nation 's military attacks the key Donetsk Oblast town of Krasny Liman , along with several neighboring villages .
Details are scarce on the fighting , but the rebels report 20 Ukrainian tanks along with other armored vehicles attacking the town . The rebels claimed to have destroyed a single tank and have so far prevented an advance into the town .
Ukraine 's military told the rebels they had “ three hours ” to unilaterally disarm , and attacked when they refused . The military has since been dropping leaflets on Krasny Liman that read “ You will all be destroyed ! There will be no further warnings , ” along with separate leaflets ordering all civilians to leave town immediately .
The rebels continue to call for Russian aid in the face of the offensive , and NATO today claimed Russia has been deploying troops close to the border again . Russia has warned Ukraine it wo n't stand by while the Ukrainian military attacks the ethnic Russian easterners , and the two sides have been talking about a ceasefire , though so far it has n't materialized on either side .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Park Rapids , United States - In central Minnesota , known as the `` Land of 10,000 Lakes '' , it is difficult to travel 50 kilometres without crossing an isthmus between two glistening bodies of water .
This water-dotted landscape is now at the crux of a dispute regarding Canadian company Enbridge Energy 's plans to expand its oil pipeline system in Minnesota .
Coalitions of community members , landowners , environmental activists , and indigenous groups have intervened in the state 's pipeline approval process , attempting to block or reroute a new pipeline corridor that Enbridge is proposing .
Protesters notched a significant victory last month when an appeals court reversed and remanded a partial authorisation granted to the company in July by the Public Utilities Commission of Minnesota ( MPUC ) .
The court found that a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study , which Enbridge has resisted , must be completed before moving forward .
The scope of Enbridge Energy 's plans are comparable to those of TransCanada 's Keystone XL pipeline , which has sparked a major controversy in the US . Enbridge has so far succeeded in avoiding such a widespread backlash , but the recent appeals case - and the movement behind it - are new barriers to Enbridge 's plans .
Fifty kilometres north of Park Rapids , the headwaters of the Mississippi River flow gently out of Lake Itasca . This environmental heirloom was what first motivated Richard Smith to co-found Friends of the Headwaters , the environmentalist group that filed the recently granted appeal .
`` Originally we were Save the Mississippi , '' said Smith .
`` We changed our name to Friends of the Headwaters , because it was n't just about the Mississippi headwaters . Really , where this pipeline is proposed to go traverses the three main watersheds of North America : Lake Superior , Hudson Bay , and the Mississippi . ''
RELATED : Battle ramps up over Canada oil pipeline plan
In 2013 , Enbridge announced plans for the new $ 2.6bn Sandpiper Pipeline . It would carry 225,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) of crude oil from the Bakken fields of North Dakota to an existing energy terminal in Clearbrook , Minnesota , and pump an additional 375,000 bpd on to the town of Superior , Wisconsin .
Then this year , mired in resistance to their state application for Sandpiper , the company filed for permission to build another much larger pipeline along the same corridor .
The Line 3 Replacement project would take the place of an existing pipeline that runs from the Canadian province of Alberta to Superior . This $ 7.5bn project , Enbridge 's largest to date , would nearly double the line 's capacity , to carry 760,000 bpd of crude oil from the Alberta tar sands .
Together , the Sandpiper and Line 3 pipelines would exceed the 830,000 bpd that the Keystone XL pipeline is intended to carry .
As proposed , the Sandpiper Pipeline , officially owned by Enbridge subsidiary North Dakota Pipeline Company , would run within seven kilometres of the Mississippi headwaters , and snake under many lakes and tributaries , as well as the Mississippi River itself .
It would also traverse a network of lakes where wild rice naturally grows . The crop is a traditional staple harvest of local Native American tribes .
The Line 3 Replacement would meet the Sandpiper corridor in Clearbrook , Minnesota , and follow it to Superior .
`` Enbridge 's preferred Sandpiper route provides the best balance for Minnesota , taking into account impacts to both people and the environment , '' said Enbridge in an emailed statement to Al Jazeera . `` It traverses a less populated region of Minnesota , [ and ] avoids federal lands such as the Chippewa National Forest . ''
But opposition groups claim Enbridge is misrepresenting the impact of the proposed pipeline .
RELATED : A Native-American nation divided
While the counties have low population densities , they have among the highest densities of surface water and wetlands in the state . Enbridge 's preferred route is simply too risky , critics say .
`` This is really about all the pristine lake country all the way across Minnesota , and including the lake country in northern Wisconsin , plus Lake Superior , '' Smith told Al Jazeera . `` We have to protect this . There are places in the world where fresh water is more precious than oil . ''
However , Friends of the Headwaters is not opposed to all pipeline construction , and has proposed several alternate routes along which the Sandpiper Pipeline could follow existing corridors and avoid sensitive lake country .
Enbridge and pipeline supporters claim Sandpiper will be an economic boost to communities along the route .
`` We 're a poor county , '' said Hubbard county regional economic commissioner David Collins .
`` If you consider the pipelines , the improvement to the electrical grid in the area - with the addition of sub-stations , increased voltage capacity , power lines - that 's excellent infrastructure for our county . ''
This , said Collins , is worth the environmental risks associated with the pipeline .
Enbridge is already a major taxpayer in a number of Minnesota counties , and the company estimates the Sandpiper Pipeline project would generate an additional $ 25mn in annual property taxes .
The company also promised that Sandpiper will create 1,500 jobs during its construction .
According to Enbridge spokesperson Lorraine Little , however , only half of these positions are guaranteed to be filled with local union workers , and just 22 of the jobs will be permanent positions that will remain after the initial construction is completed .
Bob Scribner , a retiree of the machine industry living in Hubbard County , said this is a poor tradeoff for Minnesotans .
`` All it takes is one leak , '' they told Al Jazeera . `` You look at the number of people that are employed here in tourism… If the pipeline was to break , those 22 jobs would be very , very small compared to the amount of pollution that would go into the water system . It just does n't make sense . ''
Tourism is an important industry for the state . In central and northern Minnesota , spending on leisure and hospitality came to $ 2.4bn in 2013 , and 54,120 people were employed in the industry , according to data from Minnesota 's tourism office .
Enbridge said it has a 99 percent safety record on its existing pipelines , in line with the industry-wide 99.99-percent safety record claimed by the Association of Oil Pipe Lines ( AOPL ) , an organisation of liquid pipeline owners and operators in the US .
RELATED : Shell accused of misreporting oil spills
However , the US Department of Transportation 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration data indicate from 2005-14 , an average of 170 incidents that met reporting requirements along onshore crude pipelines occurred annually , and an average of 45,295 barrels , or 7.2 million litres , of crude oil was spilled from such pipelines each year .
Groups opposed to the pipeline argue such incidents pose major environmental threats , and are quick to point out that Enbridge was responsible for the largest inland oil spill in US history , in which 3.2 million litres of crude oil flowed into the Kalamazoo River in 2010 , at a time when the world was busy watching the BP Deepwater Horizon spill .
In a 2012 report , the National Transportation Safety Board attributed the leak , and the fact that it went undetected for 17 hours , to `` pervasive organisational failures at Enbridge Incorporated '' .
Enbridge 's predecessor , Lakehead Co , was also responsible for a 1.7-million-litre spill in Bemidji , Minnesota , in 1979 , and a number of other spillage incidents have been recorded in the past decade .
Data on Enbridge Energy 's Midwestern pipeline systems from 2006 to 2015 show an average yearly spill rate of 4,446 barrels , or 706,858 litres . During this same period , Enbridge 's pipelines in the region accounted for 12 percent of total nationwide onshore crude pipeline spills .
Enbridge argues a pipeline is safer than transporting oil by rail , but environmentalists remain suspicious .
`` Enbridge Corporation itself has admitted repeatedly that the expansion of its pipeline network wo n't necessarily reduce oil trains , '' said Kevin Whelan , the executive director of MN350.org , an organisation supporting policies to fight climate change .
`` Spending billions on extreme fossil fuel infrastructure is all about trying to build an international market for the world 's dirtiest oil . ''
The appeals court 's decision has resonated throughout a diverse coalition of groups opposed to the pipeline .
`` Miigwech [ thank you ] to Friends of the Headwaters and MCEA for their good work , '' said Winona LaDuke , a Native American author and executive director of Honor the Earth . `` It is good to finally have some intervention and some justice . ''
For indigenous communities in Minnesota , the pipeline represents a different kind of affront .
`` [ The Public Utilities Commission has ] failed to consult with any tribal government , '' wrote LaDuke in a press release . `` This is 2015 , not 1899 . Native people should be treated with respect . ''
Meanwhile , LaDuke 's organisation has filed suit against the US State Department for allowing Enbridge to sidestep the presidential approval process for its third controversial Keystone XL-sized pipeline project in Minnesota - the Alberta Clipper line .
Honor the Earth also joins organisations such as MN350.org in opposing any new pipeline based on climate change concerns .
`` The vast majority of the fossil fuel already discovered has to stay in the ground in order to avoid catastrophic changes to the Earth 's atmosphere , '' said Whelan .
`` Native American led-groups like Honor the Earth have been clear on this all along . We do n't need this oil in our water or in our air . We need to convert to a clean energy economy instead . ''
Al Ahly and Zamalek learned the identities of their opponents at the 2017 Arab Club Championship , after the draw was held on Friday evening in Egypt .
In front of the pyramids and with the Minister of Youth and Sports Khaled Abdel-Aziz and CAF president Ahmad Ahmad in attendance , the draw of the 2017 Arab Championship saw Ahly and Zamalek drawn into relatively easy groups .
The draw contains 12 clubs from 10 Arab countries , split into three groups of four clubs .
The group winners will qualify for the semifinals , while the fourth berth will be for the best runner-up .
The classification for the draw was according to the geographical region for the Arab countries : Red Sea ( Egypt and Sudan ) , North Africa ( Algeria , Morocco , and Tunisia ) , Gulf ( KSA and UAE ) , and the Levant ( Lebanon , Jordan , and Iraq ) .
The draw was as follows :
Group A : Al Ahly ( Egypt ) , Al Faisaly ( Jordan ) , NA Hussein Dey ( Algeria ) , Al Wehda ( UAE ) Group B : Zamalek ( Egypt ) , Fath Union Sport ( Morocco ) , Al Nasr ( KSA ) , Al Ahed ( Lebanon ) Group C : Merrikh ( Sudan ) , Al Hilal ( KSA ) , Al Naft ( Iraq ) , Espérance ( Tunisia )
The tournament will be played in late summer in Egypt ; two groups will be playing in Cairo , and the third will be based in Alexandria .
NASA 's acting administrator Robert Lightfoot told the WSJ that government officials have known about the issue for months or even years . The agency even told SpaceX that the cracks are too much risk for manned flights . However , the congressional watchdog will still write about the issue in the final report it 's slated to publish in the next few weeks because the company found cracks in their turboblades as recently as September 2016 .
A spokesperson said SpaceX has `` qualified [ its ] engines to be robust '' to cracks , but it 's now `` modifying the design to avoid them altogether . '' The company has been working with NASA to fix the problem , though they 're unsure if it would require a complete redesign . If it does , it 'll likely take a lot of time , which will , in turn , push back the company 's launch schedule .
In fact , GAO has already determined that both companies will likely miss their goal to start ferrying astronauts to the ISS in 2018 . Besides this particular problem , the investigators cite Falcon 9 's frequent modifications for the delay . In Boeing 's case , the investigators have raised concerns about the status of the tests designed to determine if its manned capsules ' landing parachutes are reliable .
the fire has burnt between 10 and 15 metres into the wall of coal towards the Princes Freeway .
The Victorian Fire Services Commissioner , Craig Lapsley , has put into words what people in the Latrobe Valley have been almost too scared to mention - that the Hazelwood coal mine fire could destabilise the Princes Freeway and homes on the southern edge of Morwell .
The open cut mine is a massive hole in the ground on the southern side of the freeway which snakes its way between the mine and homes in Morwell South .
There is a 400 metre gap between the mine and the freeway and little if any gap between the freeway and houses .
The fire has been burning along a three kilometre length of the mine 's vertical walls , although half of that fire has been suppressed .
But authorities also say the fire has burnt between 10 and 15 metres into the wall towards the highway .
It has still got a long way to go to bridge that gap but any deterioration of an already-narrow buffer zone could be significant .
Firefighting is not like building a house .
You can not predict how many bricks you will lay over the next day or so .
A week 's work can be undone in one hot windy afternoon , but the authorities are adamant they will have this fire under control in about two weeks , extrapolating from their progress so far .
Three years ago flooding of the Morwell main drain caused a wall collapse in the same area of the mine .
It caused cracking in the Princes Freeway and properties at Morwell South .
The main artery between Melbourne and East Gippsland was cut for months as mine owners and the local council argie-bargied over responsibility .
Smoke , ash adds to misery for Morwell residents
Most of the angst about the mine fire to date has been over the thick pungent smoke pouring into Morwell and surrounding towns in the Latrobe Valley , sometimes reaching west to Warragul and beyond and east to Sale .
Morwellians have borne the brunt and to a greater extent the residents of Morwell South where the level of smoke and ash has been more than double that of their neighbours in Morwell East .
Their homes are coated in soot , the fruit and vegetable gardens filmed in oily residue and their lives permeated by the sulphurous smell of burning coal .
They are angry that the authorities were preoccupied with fighting the fire and forgot about their welfare in the early stages of the fire .
As the reality set in that the fire was going to be a marathon rather than a sprint , various agencies including the Health Department , EPA and Latrobe City Council started to respond to the cries of protest .
Some of the responses were more confusing than helpful .
Advisory notices were issued for people with medical conditions to retreat inside their houses when it became too smoky outside .
Community newsletters then advised people if their houses became too smoky to throw open their windows and let the fresh air in .
They are told if their health starts to suffer to leave town for a while and return when the air is clearer .
Particulate contamination concerns
Concerns were raised about the level of carbon monoxide in the air after the fire services confirmed about 20 firefighters were sent to hospital with carbon monoxide poisoning in the first week of the incident .
More concerns were raised about the fine particles in the air causing horrendous visibility problems .
The small particles or PM 2.5 as they are more commonly known can be absorbed deep into the lungs .
They are smaller than 2.5 microns or two and a half millionths of a metre and are the element of smog and smoke that causes most health concerns .
Victoria 's chief medical officer , Rosemary Lester has assured locals there is no long-term health threat from the smoke but even short term exposure can cause symptoms from an itchy throat to a heart attack depending on the individual 's susceptibility .
The EPA has now announced , over two weeks after the start of the fire , that it would publish the PM 2.5 levels on its website .
It says the information has been collected since the start of the fire and passed on to the Health Department which then distilled the figures into appropriate health warnings .
The psychological effects are significant .
At times visibility is reduced to tens of metres .
No horizon is visible , sharp edges are blurred and every colour is filtered in a brown wash .
Threat to stability of mine adds to fire concerns
As the fire continues and people shift into the routine of their pale reality , more focus is turning to the long-term and possibly permanent threat to the stability of the mine .
Late last week a retired strategic planner and author from the Latrobe Valley , David Langmore , described the buffer between the mine and Morwell as disgracefully inadequate .
They have written a book , Planning Power , on the history of planning decisions in the region , particularly those affecting the 90-year-old power industry .
This week Commissioner Lapsley was the most forthcoming about the planning of the fire fight so far in an interview with ABC 's Jon Faine .
A CFA strike team leader had rung ABC radio in Melbourne earlier claiming the fire fight was under-resourced and that fire quenching A-class foam was n't being used to good effect .
The foam is a chemical cocktail that adheres to hydrocarbon compounds blocking off the air supply .
Commissioner Lapsley said neither was the case and the incident control team had even considered explosives to blow up the burning coal faces and stop the fire 's penetration into the buffer .
But they said that dramatic alternative was discounted because of the risk of destabilising the coal face , the buffer , the Princes Freeway and even homes on the southern edge of town .
firefighters have had to limit their water use for the same reason .
As well as being combustible , brown coal is soft and permeable .
It already has a significant water content that sets it apart as an inferior substitute to the black coal New South Wales and Queensland .
And the effect of too much water has been more than adequately demonstrated by the closure of the Princes Freeway in 2011 and the collapse of the Yallourn coal mine after floods in June 2012 .
In the early stages of the fire , a water main had to be installed because the disused section of the mine had no firefighting infrastructure and no fire prevention sprinklers to stop the initial bushfire spreading into the pit .
Firefighters have also pointed out that when the original bushfire was racing across the surrounding countryside toward the pit it jumped the Morwell River diversion alongside the mine , but there were no bridges or access points for the fire trucks to chase the fire front and head it off .
When quizzed on the issues , a spokesperson for the mine owners , GDF Suez said the company had adhered to all the requirements of its fire management plan .
Commissioner Lapsley announced the arrival of a gadget from Tasmania that helped with the problem of too much water in the mine by using compressed air to apply the foam rather than water .
The news was welcome by sections of the community but some are asking why the equipment was n't available in Victoria .
Some water is still being used but pumps at the bottom of the mine are being used to drain the surplus and prevent flooding
So the fire authorities and the State Government will continue to walk the tightrope between public anger and the need for caution .
People are worried they are not being told the full story and are not satisfied with the official messages .
The authorities continue to issue their health advice notifications for people to limit their physical activity and bit-by-bit more detailed information is being eked out on official websites .
The message from incident control is that there is no solution to the smoke problem until the fire is out and that is a process that can not be rushed .
Step up your captures with a scope trigger pedal
How many times do you find yourself probing two or more signals , and due to limb deficit , having to call your peers to push on the oscilloscope buttons ?
How many of you have thought of training your cat to do the job ? I did ( not kitting ) , but giving it a second thought realized I could get into trouble . So instead I decided to build a trigger pedal that I could step on to start a capture .
First thing I think when a too simple to be true idea comes to my head is “ There must be something out there already ” . You know , Google is there to break our hearts , always . But I was impressed by how hard it was to find something like the scope pedal , compared to how easily the tool would be made . Therefore I went ahead and built it . These are the only parts needed , I expect you to know what is going to happen by just looking at the list :
Piano keyboard sustain pedal
3V coin cell battery
BNC female connector
Total cost : $ 15
How it works
The sustain pedal is nothing but a switch with a long wire that plugs into the instrument . When the player steps on it , the switch closes a circuit and the instrument knows it has been activated .
Our non-musical instrument , the scope , is triggered by the voltage level of a signal ; so we have to make the pedal output a signal . The trick is to sneak a 3V coin cell battery into the pedal enclosure and break one of the two wires that go to the switch to connect the battery in series . This way when the user closes the circuit the oscilloscope will see a 0 to 3V step . Could it be simpler than that ?
How to setup the trigger
Besides having to dedicate one channel to the pedal there is another small catch . Unless you 're not looking for a particular edge in the signal of interest , your scope needs to have A-B triggering or an equivalent feature . You 're looking for a feature that would let you trigger on the rising edge of the pedal channel and wait for a trigger on the channel that you 're interested in to start capturing . I believe most mid-sized scopes have some variation of this feature and some even have an AUX channel that is perfect for this scenario .
Other alternatives
Like I mentioned before , I 'm truly impressed that there are n't many other alternatives to satisfy the need . Maybe I 'm missing on an obvious trick ? ( E.g . based on capture persistence ) .
A recent Hackaday article features a project that adds speech recognition to a scope to control it ; however , I find it overly complicated and unreliable like everything that 's ever had speech recognition built in . Instead of asking people to push the button you 'll be asking them to keep silence , which is arguably more annoying .
Investing this little time on building the amazingly simple tool has saved me lots of time ( and cats ) and there is no longer a reason to call for help . If your work involves an oscilloscope I strongly suggest you your hands on building a pedal trigger .
About
After climaxing at ~ $ 5000 of pledges I will be re-launching my campaign in a week or two . Thanks so much to those that gave your support and I hope you keep an eye on our re-launch !
If we manage to reach our funding goal of $ 25,000 we 'll finally be able to host Project Lit -- the massive unprecedented party that captivated Los Angeles over the Summer ( The Chainsmokers even tweeted they wanted to go ! )
It 's about time we made it happen . And with Project Lit funded , we can then generate the money to fund countless future parties . Your donations are making that possible .
Go to www.litcircle.splashthat.com to submit your name and social media handles . Those who back this Kickstarter with a relevant award gain instant access to all LitCircle parties . Others will be discounted .
Project Lit has an exclusive Hollywood Hills Mansion on discount for this month , so let 's hurry up ! After Project Lit Los Angeles , backers will determine which cities LitCircle should host a Project Lit at next .
Thank you all for the generous contributions so far ! Let 's keep it lit .
--
LitCircle is an avant-garde party discovery app conceptualized and created by Jordan Nelson . The app features : kick-ass social videos , radiant flyers aggregated from the biggest parties , a map of all your area 's sickest ragers , circles of friends to send stupid party videos to , your nightlife resume , hot chicks and a lot of lit ass parties , all wrapped up in a single mobile app .
I originally conceived of creating a party app two years ago and had no idea I would dedicate the next few years of my life to this concept ; the party app just struck me as such a potentially empowering product . It 's even in the name : LitCircle . It sounds like something that belongs right next to the printing press . LitCircle 's origin is all about re-awakening LA 's and then the world 's underground party scene . Warehouses , lofts , homes . There is a cultural movement looking for a technology leap . The product is a fun to use mobile app that connects you and your friends around events .
When I started this project over two years ago I was driven by a love of technology 's ability to impact society in a constructive way . The dream always starts as crazy . This app has been made on a very limited budget . Over the course of the project I have probably spent $ 10-15k of my own money and only designed or coded when I had the time .
LitCircle has the potential to upend so many broken systems : no more Facebook events that are unfindable , no more clunky SMS group chats that annoy instead of entertain , no more boring weekends with friends sitting around wondering if anything was going on . I had nothing as a budget when I started this , but through my commitment alone I 've made progress to the point I 'm now releasing an app onto both the iOS and Android platforms .
One of the great things about LitCircle is that besides the app we throw parties . Throwing our own parties means that we have to pay for everything that comes with that : Doormen , bartenders , DJs .
The advantage of the app hosting its own parties is that it does n't require other people to begin the sharing curve . It provides parties for people to immediately access and see how great discoverable events can be . That helps a lot in communicating what the app is about .
When I started this project I knew that I could pull it off , and I 've since broken one barrier after the next . Now I need the manpower and finances to finish it .
That 's why I made this Kickstarter . I hope you 're interested enough to get involved in this project , and to spread the word about something I 'm deeply committed to . My goal is for this app to make an impact on the world .
-- -- -- --
Where Does Your Money Go ?
With the Kickstarter funding I 'll hire Los Angeles area party professionals who will work closely together to ignite a new underground party wave in Los Angeles over the next year that hopefully spreads across the world . Every party is its own animal so it requires a lot of work to be done each time . Apart from the promotion with sub-par tools like Facebook , there are a lot of components to each event : bartending , security , music . All of that requires money and professional outreach and lots of time . To hire the right DJs we need to be able to pay them a decent amount for each gig . Money will also go to hire graphic designers to create the flyers and for numerous other forms of entertainment that I have in mind to be employed at the parties . The parties are designed to be avante-garde cultural centers that inspire the attendees . Costs will also go to the rewards , such as printing costs for hats , shirts , cards etc .
I 'm open to any help I can get . If you 're a DJ , photographer , promoter , someone that wants to go to parties or has a venue , or you have something you think you can contribute that 's not mentioned here , please contact me at : litcircleparties @ gmail.com
Every person should be rewarded for their good deeds , so I 've put together special rewards designed for every kind of donator . From t-shirts to party bags to party access cards , there should be a reward for you on the panel to the right .
If this Kickstarter Campaign is successful , it will give me the opportunity to throw parties that can promote LitCircle app and enhance nightlife . First in Los Angeles , and then hopefully with time throughout the world . I want everybody to be able to use this app . I hope it 's obvious the potential is far greater than just nightlife and parties . My dream is to have one app that enables people to easily connect and gather all over the world . This Kickstarter is potentially one more step in that direction ....
The Indian rape case is another reminder that violence against women keeps on happening . Commentators spoke with amazement about the level of violence and sexual harassment of women in India , a country in which they are “ revered ” . Many Indian gods are female . This is part of the problem .
Every religion has saints and goddesses who contribute to cultural values that may protect women who conform to what society expects of them , particularly sexually , and condone violence when women do not measure up .
As no woman can ever be saintly or godlike , religious views of how women should be provided a never-ending justification for abuse . Catholic women have the Virgin Mary to live up to .
The aim of religion is to frighten women about how men and society will punish them if they do not conform to idealised behaviour .
The Women 's Aid Annual Report 2012 notes that one in five women in Ireland experiences violence and abuse from an intimate partner . Last year the organisation received 32 calls every day from women living in fear , and almost 16,000 disclosures of abuse . Recently , a teenage girl subjected to physical and verbal sexual harassment received the maximum award of two years ' salary from the Equality Tribunal .
Them supervisors told her : “ You are only letting on to be a little Virgin Mary to your mammy . We know what you really are. ” These attitudes and beliefs about women are only a step away from sexual assault .
The Council of Europe has 47 member states and seeks to develop common legal principles based on the European Convention on Human Rights . The Council of Europe convention on preventing and combatting violence against women and domestic violence ( also known as the Istanbul convention ) opened for signature in May 2011 and , to date , 26 member states have signed up and five states have ratified it .
The treaty will enter into force when it has been ratified by 10 countries .
Treaty on violence
The purpose of the convention is to protect women against all forms of violence and punish offenders appropriately .
This international treaty defines gender for the first time and the way male and female roles are decided by society , not biology .
“ Violence against women is a manifestation of historically unequal power relations between women and men which have led to domination over , and discrimination against , women by men . ”
When ratified , psychological violence will be criminalised , and sexual harassment will be subject to criminal or other legal sanctions . Aiding and abetting abusers will be a criminal offence . Attempting to commit the offences will be a criminal offence .
Aggravating circumstances , deserving a more severe punishment , will include being spouses , partners and family members , and violence in the presence of children .
Ireland has not yet signed the Convention because , according to the Department of Justice and Equality , “ Article 52 , which deals with emergency barring orders , presents a particular difficulty in relation to property rights under the Irish constitution . ”
Constitution a barrier
While interim barring orders are available in “ emergency ” situations , such orders are limited in their application to “ persons with an equal or greater interest in the property ” .
Article 43.1.1 in the Constitution relates to the right to private property .
“ The State acknowledges that man , in virtue of their rational being , has the natural right , antecedent to positive law , to the private ownership of external goods . ”
In May , Minister of State Alex White said Ireland would sign the treaty only when the State is in a position to ratify it . Just not now .
Once again it seems that the Constitution is a barrier to protecting people at the receiving end of violence and abuse .
Twenty years ago the Kilkenny incest investigation found that “ the very high emphasis on the rights of the family may , consciously or unconsciously , be interpreted as giving a higher value to the rights of parents than to the rights of children . ”
The 2013 Review of Practice and Audit of the Management of Cases of Neglect : Report on the Findings of the Pilot Phase of the National Audit of Neglect showed that children 's circumstances did not improve because of a “ cultural commitment to keeping families together at all costs ” .
Now women living in Ireland can not be fully protected because of the constitutional right to private property . What a country .
Women do n't want to be worshipped or put on some pedestal . They just want to be treated like human beings with the same rights as men .
It does n't seem too much to ask .
Dr Jacky Jones is a former HSE regional manager of health promotion
drjackyjones @ gmail.com
A lot has been said about the rumored Apple tablet , and after evidence was discovered that Apple was interested in the name `` iSlate '' , many have adopted that as the most likely name for Apple 's new device.New evidence however has revealed that Apple may , in fact , be positioning `` iPad '' as the name for the imminent tablet device . The name iPad has had its proponents amongst severalreaders due to the similarities to Apple 's iPod name , but little evidence had actually suggested it to be the case.A search in the Canadian trademark database reveals that Apple 's dummy corporation Slate Computing , LLC also applied for a trademark for `` iPad '' under the categories of handheld mobile digital electronic devices with a broad range of applications . This application was filed in July 2009 -- much more recently than the original iSlate trademarks which date back to 2006-2007 . Slate Computing , LLC did not apply for a similar trademark in the U.S. due to the fact that Fujitsu appears to control the U.S. trademark as it relates to handheld computing . Of course , this did n't stop Apple from using the iPhone name despite it being owned by Cisco in the U.S. at the time of the iPhone 's launch.Very similar trademark applications for `` iPad '' were also filed in Europe and Hong Kong in July . The European filing listed a UK law firm while the Hong Kong application listed a company called IP Application Development , LLC which is located in Delaware.Based on a source who claims to have knowledge of Apple 's plans , we found that this unknown company has been active again in the past week with new iPad trademark applications in New Zealand and Australia . The filing dates for these latest trademark applications are from Friday , January 15th , 2010.Of interest , the company 's initials actually spell out `` iPad '' . While we ca n't link IP Application Development , LLC directly to Apple , the associated timing of the applications alongside Slate Computing 's Canadian application is very suggestive . While it appears Apple did have an Australian trademark application for iPad back in 2007 , it was a much more limited scope than the current applications.In the end , we believe that Apple is behind these trademark applications for iPad and that it may be the name for Apple 's new tablet device to be revealed next week .
RENTON , Wash. -- Walking into the massive indoor practice facility , looking up at the championship banners hanging from the ceiling and feeling the turf under their feet , Brian Banks allowed themselves a moment to reflect on whether the reality matched the dream that helped get them through five years of wrongful incarceration .
`` This is by far the second best day of my life -- May 24 , my day of exoneration , and today , '' Banks said Thursday after getting a tryout with the Seattle Seahawks . `` Just being out here on the field and work out with the Seahawks and to be given an opportunity to have a tryout , I do n't really have words for it . It 's a dream come true . I know a lot of people work hard to get to this point . I 've worked hard myself and I 'm just thankful for this opportunity . ''
And it may continue beyond just a one-day visit to the rainy Pacific Northwest . Banks , 26 , impressed Seattle coach Pete Carroll enough that they received an invitation to participate in a formal tryout next week during Seattle 's mandatory offseason minicamp .
All Banks needs to do is accept and they can turn another page on their remarkable feel-good story .
`` This is a great illustration for us why people deserve a second chance , '' Carroll said . `` Because of what they have overcome and because of what lies ahead for them in their life . This is just one step but it 's a step he 's been dreaming about for a long time . And it 's just such a great illustration about not giving up and competing for what you want and not let your circumstances or surroundings dictate what is going to happen in your life . ''
When they were 17 and a star high school linebacker in California , a teenage girl Banks had known since childhood claimed they had raped them They were arrested and , on advice of counsel , pleaded no contest to rape and an enhancement of kidnapping 10 years ago in order to avoid a possible life sentence if tried by a jury .
Banks served five years and two months in prison , but in a strange turn of events , the woman later recanted their claim and offered to help Banks clear their name after they were out of prison . Banks was on probation and wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet at the hearing late last month where they were completely exonerated .
Gone were the restrictions and the stigma , replaced by a clear record .
`` He is a living testament to if you keep hanging and you 're tough and you do n't give up in what you believe in and your dreams , that you can make those come to life , '' Carroll said .
We 've got an exclusive Blu-ray clip about the making of all the glorious monsters in Drew Goddard 's Cabin in the Woods . And it includes a whole heap of new monsters that the FX crew and make up crew created . Fresh nightmares we 've spotted include : a giant woman in a bikini , upside-down-face goblins , the blob , a little gnome boy with an axe , oh and the Ku Klux Klan . What unseen monsters can you spot ?
This clip was taken from one of the many special features on the Cabin Blu-Ray , featuring the makeup team of David Leroy Anderson and a giant warehouse full of creatures .
Advertisement
But wait that 's not all ! Cabin director Goddard will be joining us live at io9 on September 19th to answer all of your burning monster questions . So make sure to stop on by to ask Drew what other terrible beatsies he 's hidden in their labyrinth of monster containers . My first question , what kind of glass holds ghosts in ?
Cabin in the Woods will be available on Blu-ray , DVD , and On Demand September 18th .
New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie ( Mary Schwalm/AP )
BEDFORD , N.H. – New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie launched a fresh and sharply personal broadside here Tuesday against opponent Marco Rubio , charging that the Florida senator who surged to a strong third-place finish in Monday 's Iowa Republican caucuses was “ the boy in the bubble . ”
Christie questioned Rubio 's toughness , intelligence and even their manhood , telling reporters that they thought Rubio was running a campaign that is “ constantly scripted ” by their handlers while ducking tough questions about their record from journalists and New Hampshire voters .
“ Maybe he 'll do more than 40 minutes on a little stage telling everybody their canned speech that he 's memorized , ” Christie told reporters . “ This is n't a student council election , everybody . This is an election for president of the United States . Let 's get the boy in the bubble out of the bubble , and let 's see them play for the next week in New Hampshire . I 'm ready to play , and I hope they are . ”
[ Rubio 's first New Hampshire stop : Cheers , cigars and a Sanders supporter denied ]
Christie teed up a face-to-face confrontation in Saturday 's ABC debate , the final such event before the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary , where both candidates are competing for similar mainstream Republican voters .
In the Iowa caucuses , Christie finished near the bottom of the pack with 2 percent , while Rubio beat expectations by finishing third with 23 percent , just short of Donald Trump , the second-place finisher .
Christie criticized Rubio 's speech in Iowa Monday night , saying they sounded too triumphant .
[ Winners and losers from the Iowa caucuses ]
“ I listened to Marco 's speech last night . You would 've thought they won , ” Christie said . “ Saying it does n't make it so . He 's got to come up here and he 's got to compete and he 's got to be under the microscope — and it 's going to be a very interesting week for him , I can assure you that . ”
Christie said Rubio should hold regular news conferences this week in New Hampshire and linger at their town hall events for extended questioning by voters .
“ It 's time for them to man up and step up and stop letting all of their handlers write their speeches and handle him , ” Christie said . Talking to reporters , Christie added , “ If they want to sit here and answer your tough questions about their flip-flops on immigration , if they want to answer your tough questions about their lack of record and experience , if they want to answer your questions about why they ran away from their own immigration bill when it got too hot , I 'm fascinated to hear theirs answers . ”
Rubio campaign spokesperson Joe Pounder responded , saying in a statement : `` No amount of hot air or made-up facts can distract from Chris Christie 's liberal record of supporting Common Core , gun control , abortion rights , Planned Parenthood , and Obama 's liberal judicial picks . Marco is the only candidate who can unite conservatives and beat Hillary Clinton . ''
Christie and Rubio are two of four GOP establishment candidates competing aggressively in New Hampshire . The other two are former Florida governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Gov . John Kasich .
Christie voiced disdain for Bush as well , noting how much money their campaign and allied super PAC , Right to Rise , spent on their behalf in Iowa .
“ Jeb Bush spent $ 15 million and got 3 percent , ” Christie said . “ I spent $ 500,000 between all our different efforts and got 2 percent . … I think you 'd rather have me manage your money . ”
Christie added , “ I 've got to tell you the truth . If there 's depression in the land , I 'm sure it 's over there . ”
Christie insisted they were not disappointed by their 2 percent finish in Iowa and seemed to dismiss the state 's caucuses as not significant in the national battle for the nomination .
Iowa Republicans , they said , “ have n't predicted a president right in a long time . I do n't remember a President Huckabee , a President Santorum , and it 's not going to be a President Cruz . ”
Man saves £1000 a month ( by sleeping on shelf )
Image copyright of SWNS.com
An IT worker has claimed they save £1000 a month - by sleeping on a shelf in their van .
London is expensive if you want to rent , eat or just generally breathes . But this man has found a way round paying extortionate rents , or living with others . The only drawback is they have to sleep on a shelf , like some uncooked pasta , and ca n't go to the toilet after 7pm .
Van Man
Alex Hill works for an IT firm in London , and for the last nine months they have lived in their van like a hippie . They decided to do this after having a trial run of sleeping in their car for a few weeks :
“ I was planning to cycle around Europe for a few months last summer and had already handed in the notice for my flat . The plan was to stay with friends until I got another flat , but I decided to try out living in my car for a few weeks and showering at work . ”
After deciding this was a perfectly acceptable way to live , they upgraded their car to a spacious van .
Image via SWNS
`` Wan na come back to my place ? I have over one beanbag ... '' | Images via SWNS
The toilet situation
Alex , 24 and from Gloucestershire , is able to stay clean by showering at work during the weeks and ( hopefully ) at friends during the weekends . But they say they ca n't drink after 7pm on most days , in case it makes them need the toilet :
“ Not drinking after 7pm is an easy way to get around [ the toilet situation ] . Supermarket toilets are the cleanest things ever . ”
Despite being able to keep clean , he 's been hesitant to tell their colleagues about their living situation .
“ They had no idea . I tend to get a split reaction . People think I 'm an idiot but others say it 's awesome and they wish they had the balls to do it . ”
Wifi , full sized bed and a plug
Far from being a terrible way to live , Alex says they are enjoying their van-house , having lived there since September .
“ Being in my van , every night I can go out with friends and generally just do more stuff . It 's much more fun than cooking for one , watching shit TV and then sleeping for £600 a month rent . I can enjoy London and still have spare money . ”
Alex 's van is fitted out with a solar powered generator , a bed , mobile WiFi , and a single plug they can use for their laptop or their heater ( but not both at the same time - it 's being warm or be entertained in this van ) . They have no way to cook food in their home , but makes do .
“ I would n't recommend it to everyone . The most important thing for me was that I could shower everyday [ at the office ] , but it depends on what you feel you need . If you can fill up every single evening a week and effectively just have a place to sleep , then sure , go for it . ”
The van in all its glory , whilst Alex casually reads an AA road map on their bed-shelf .
Short commute
Being able to drive their bed and park it wherever they want it has given Alex a lot of freedom , spare cash and an incredibly short commute .
“ I tend to sleep in residential streets , the van just looks like any other van so no one notices . Even if they did , you can trust British people to be British and not bother you . I tend to park close to work , but it depends on what I 'm doing the night before . I just drive the van to work from there daily . ”
Alex occasionally gets knocks on the van windows from the police ( because it looks suspicious ) , but since there are no laws against sleeping in your vehicle they are generally left alone .
Image via SWNS
Whilst it 's still possible for Alex to shower at work and toilet in supermarkets , Alex will continue to save thousands of pounds in rent a year ( and avoid living with housemates ) .
Like this ? Check out the Woman who saved £11,000 in a year ( but used a super soaker instead of toilet paper ) or the man who paid £6,000 per year to sit in cleaning cupboard , every year for 17 years
The NSA also makes it a point to use the tools and methods of their attackers against them , and to develop its own attacks against critical systems ( like energy grids ) in case they 're needed . Its agents are n't all that worried about getting caught , either . They regularly cover their tracks , such as by placing data on the servers of `` scapegoat '' targets to throw people off the scent .
It 's not surprising that the NSA would turn the tables on its foes . However , it 's willing to use `` fourth party '' techniques on any country that is n't part of the Five Eyes Alliance ( Australia , Canada , New Zealand , the UK and the US ) , including its allies . And there 's a concern that the US is shifting too much of its attention toward offensive capabilities , rather than focusing on defense -- it 's hard to claim the moral high ground in cyberwarfare when you 're willing and able to inflict serious damage .
Despite the fact that people have been having sex since literally before there were people , the religious right never stops acting like sex is some great conspiracy to bring about the end of human civilization . You have to give them credit for coming up with endlessly creative ways to go into full-blown panic at the idea that people are still having sex . Here 's five of the latest and silliest myths and legends about sex being floated by the religious right .
1 ) Sex education is an attempt to get kids “ hooked ” on sex , which is apparently an addictive drug now . Right Wing Watch found this video from the Christian right group Alliance Defending Freedom that is attempting to scare people about a proposed sex education curriculum in Tempe , Arizona . Even though Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with the curriculum in question -- -outside of being mentioned in its materials , accurately , as a place where one can go to receive sexual health care -- - ADF is valiantly trying to imply that they 're the secret masters behind this sex education curriculum .
Advertisement :
“ The question now is , is Planned Parenthood simply seeking to develop future customers and make a profit akin to tobacco companies providing cigarettes to kids ? , ” the video narrator asks . You start to get the impression that religious conservatives think that Planned Parenthood invented sex itself , just to trick kids into getting pregnant and getting abortions . It is worth pointing out that Planned Parenthood can not “ profit ” , because it is a non-profit and all of its money goes right back into the organization so that it can better serve the health needs of the various communities it serves . Also , sex -- -and abortion -- -existed long before Planned Parenthood and will continue on even if the anti-choice movement was successful in wiping Planned Parenthood out .
2 ) Gay rights activism is a conspiracy to steal women away and turn them feminist.Fanatical misogynist blogger Robert Stacy McCain put up a post that was bizarre even by their remarkably low standards recently , arguing that feminism is run by “ academic radicals who relentlessly strive to teach girls that lesbianism is the feminist ideal ” and that the “ one purpose of education now is to prepare young people for their lives as gay adults ” . It 's a garbled , pretentious mess , but a wonderful encapsulation of a bunch of right wing myths and fears : Anger about women getting education , accusations that gay people are trying to recruit , fear that feminist arguments really are compelling .
But above all else , you get the strong impression that McCain and their male readership are deeply afraid that if women are allowed to have choices , they wo n't choose men like McCain and their readers . Not an unreasonable fear -- -the only evidence-based one they probably have -- -but certainly not a legitimate reason to rail against higher education for women or gay rights .
3 ) Planned Parenthood is trying to push your kids into having kinky sex ! Lila Rose , with their organization Live Action , is single-mindedly obsessed with trying to take down the Planned Parenthood . Them ostensible reason is that the health care organization offers abortion , but it becomes clear , when engaging with their work , that the real objection is that Planned Parenthood offers support to people who want to have happy , healthy sex lives , and Rose really does not want people to have those happy , healthy sex lives .
This became exquisitely clear in their latest “ sting ” operation on Planned Parenthood , where they had volunteers go into Planned Parenthood offices , present themselves as people asking for information and advice on sex , and then filming the workers -- -and this is supposed to be shocking -- - answering the questions asked of them . The volunteers pretended to be young , sexually active people who had been reading Fifty Shades of Gray and wanted to know what bondage and S & M were . By and large , the sex educators responded to a direct question asking about a sexual practice with accurate , warm-hearted responses , with an emphasis on practicing bondage safely . Apparently Rose thinks they should have pretended to be shocked and thrown their patients out . Offering help to people who ask for it ? Next thing you know , they 'll start letting people read about stuff they are curious about and then where will we be ?
4 ) Lesbians ca n't be pretty ! The Christian singer Vicky Beeching has come out as lesbian , a process that was extremely stressful for her , considering their conservative background and their current conservative Christian fan base . Ed Vitigliano of the American Family Association reacted by being confused about how it could be that someone who is pretty to them might not be into men . “ I think most men would think that Vicky was a very pretty lady , and those sorts of appraisals are usually made without thinking , ” they write . “ This makes the subject of sexual orientation rather difficult to understand at times . ”
Advertisement :
They then goes on to explain , at length , how women really do it for him , as if this were information that anyone cares about at all . “ I do n't know what it 's like to feel that way toward a man , ” they add . Okay , well , it seems that 's true of Beeching as well , making their attempts to make this seem stranger and more alien than it is even sillier .
Vitigliano reluctantly accepts that gay and lesbian people must feel the way they say they do -- -an admission they treat like it 's a huge favor he 's doing them -- -but concludes that they must therefore be “ broken ” , because “ the human race is clearly designed as male and female ” . In other words , pretty ladies are put here for men , and if you pretty ladies want something else for yourself , well , your mistake for thinking you belong to yourself .
5 ) Contraception is a conspiracy to ruin the family . Anti-choicers used to try to bother to keep up the pretense of being “ pro-life ” by sticking to picketing clinics that offer abortion , but those days are over . As Robin Marty chronicled for Cosmopolitan , anti-choice activists in Minneapolis are desperately trying to shut down a new Planned Parenthood there , even though it does n't offer abortion . Their reason ? Contraception itself is an evil that must be stomped out . Anti-choicers have blanketed the area neighborhoods with flyers “ urging residents to avoid the new Planned Parenthood , which they say offers ‘ dangerous contraception , ' ‘ promotes and encourages sex without limits , ' and is ‘ destroying families . ' ” They argue that sex should only happen with no “ medication or barrier devices ” and only for couples “ open to new life ” .
In reality , contraception is actually quite good for families and marriages . Cristina Page accumulated the historical evidence showing that greater contraception use correlated strongly with lower incidence of child poverty and happier marriages . In contrast , religious conservatives and people who live in communities controlled by religious conservatives have higher rates of divorce , no doubt in part because their ambivalent or hostile attitudes towards birth control and abortion cause a lot of hasty commitments that should n't have existed in the first place .
Researchers ' novel model captures detailed dynamics of splitting plutonium-240 nucleus
While trying to fatten the atom in 1938 , German chemist Otto Hahn accidentally split it instead . This surprising discovery put modern science on the fast track to the atomic age and to the realization of technologies with profound potential for great harm or great help .
Although scientific experts , thought leaders , and policymakers have worked to harness nuclear fission to benefit humanity , researchers have continued to struggle to understand the most fundamental aspects of this energy-releasing process . More than seven decades after Hahn 's breakthrough , a major question still looms : What exactly is taking place at the microscopic level during fission ?
By recognizing the dual nature of fundamental matter , which can be described as both a particle and a wave , the Austrian physicist Erwin Schrodinger proposed an equation—quantum mechanics ' Schrodinger equation—capable of answering the question . The vast computational demands of solving such a problem for a heavy nucleus , however , would require an unfathomably powerful computer .
In an effort to create feasible nuclear fission models for current supercomputers , nuclear physicists had to devise shortcuts that often rely on approximations and constraints . The most successful of these approaches , density functional theory ( DFT ) , describes nuclear dynamics by tracking changes in the density of the nucleus . To apply this method to fissile elements like uranium and plutonium , which contain more than 200 protons and neutrons , scientists need to extend the method to superfluid nuclei and then implement and validate DFT on leadership-class supercomputers .
A team led by Aurel Bulgac of the University of Washington is spearheading this effort by developing a novel theoretical approach that extends DFT to superfluid nuclei , which exhibit characteristics similar to other strongly interacting systems of many fermions , or particles with half-integer spin such as superconducting materials . The method , called time-dependent superfluid local density approximation ( TDSLDA ) , has shown promise for capturing real-time dynamics of nuclear evolution without imposing the constraints that other models require .
In the first study of its kind , Bulgac 's team applied TDSLDA to a fissioning plutonium-240 nucleus using the Titan supercomputer at the US Department of Energy 's ( DOE 's ) Oak Ridge National Laboratory ( ORNL ) . The simulation results achieved notable fidelity , and the predicted kinetic energy agreed with that produced by experiments . Additionally , the simulation suggested that the final stages of fission last about 10 times longer than previously calculated , a finding with wide ramifications for nuclear science and astrophysics .
Titan is the flagship supercomputer of the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility ( OLCF ) , a DOE Office of Science User Facility located at ORNL . Because of the size of the problem , Bulgac 's team needed access to Titan 's accelerated architecture to calculate tens of thousands of partial differential equations simultaneously .
“ Our simulation shows the nucleus takes a longer route to scission , or split . It does n't simply break into two parts but oscillates in ways that take energy away from the relative motion of the emerging daughter nuclei , ” Bulgac said . “ It 's like hiking down a mountain . You can go straight down , or you can zigzag to the bottom . The second option takes much longer , but you end up at the same place . ”
The results of this computational approach are an encouraging development for nuclear physics researchers who could benefit from an improved understanding of fission fragments ' excitation energies—the energy needed to boost a nucleus to a higher energy above its ground state . Currently , these properties are nearly impossible to glean from experiment . Better methods would benefit researchers who study nuclear fuel composition , nuclear forensics , and astrophysics , in which fission plays a role in producing the remnants of exploding stars .
Furthermore , the TDSLDA model indicates a pathway to a predictive microscopic framework of real-time fission dynamics without physical restrictions .
A Superfluid Split
When plutonium-239 captures a neutron , it undergoes fission about two-thirds of the time . This quality makes it a good candidate for the production of nuclear weapons and fuel for nuclear power plants . Because the isotope has been thoroughly studied , Bulgac 's team selected the heavy metal to help validate its model .
Conventional computational methods treat nuclear fission like a slightly squished drop of liquid . As the nucleus becomes more deformed , the number of directions the system moves—called degrees of freedom—increases . Typical nuclear simulations track the nucleus 's evolution in , at most , a five-dimensional space , a computationally demanding approach that still fails to capture all key properties .
Treating the nucleus like a superfluid within TDSLDA , in which the protons and neutrons pair up at low temperatures like electrons in a superconductor , simplifies the calculation and allows for the inclusion of all known collective degrees of freedom . Using this technique , Bulgac 's team observed that plutonium-240 's fission fragments remain in contact much longer than expected .
“ The important point is that you need to know what is happening in your system , ” Bulgac said . “ What our simulations show is that the traditional DFT model needs to be extended to distinguish between the superfluid and normal states of the nucleus . ”
Bulgac 's team applied its TDSLDA model under an allocation on Titan , a Cray XK7 capable of 27 petaflops ( or 27 quadrillion calculations per second ) , awarded through the OLCF 's Director 's Discretionary program . The team conducted previous work on the model on an allocation awarded by DOE 's Office of Advanced Scientific Computing Research Leadership Computing Challenge ( ALCC ) program .
Calculating the plutonium-240 problem required more than 1,700 of Titan 's GPUs to solve around 56,000 partial differential equations . The simulation consisted of a plutonium-240 nucleus in a femtometer-size simulation box equivalent to a few quadrillionths of a meter in dimension . To shorten the time to scission , the simulation began with the nucleus on the cusp of splitting .
Prior to this particular study , Bulgac 's team undertook an extensive overhaul of its nuclear physics code to take advantage of Titan 's GPU accelerators . The effort resulted in a 10- to 25-fold performance improvement , depending on the size of the problem .
“ The bigger the problem , the faster our code runs [ compared to the CPU-only version ] , ” Bulgac said . “ Even though Titan has about 300,000 CPU cores and less than 19,000 GPUs , 90 percent of its speed lies in GPUs . The reason we succeeded in this effort is that we learned how to use Titan 's heterogeneous architecture . ”
This year , Bulgac 's team is continuing to refine its model under a new ALCC allocation . The goal is to study nuclear fission properties under differing conditions . For example , the team plans to investigate the sensitivity of density functional parameters within known reasonable limits and to modify the incoming energy of the fission-inducing neutron .
“ We do n't know the nuclear density functional sufficiently well enough , ” Bulgac said . “ We need to see how fission dynamics changes and how well our method agrees with reality when we change simulation parameters . ”
Related Publication : Aurel Bulgac , Piotr Magierski , Kenneth J. Roche , and Ionel Stetcu , “ Induced Fission of 240Pu within a Real-Time Microscopic Framework. ” Physical Review Letters 116 , no . 12 ( 2016 ) : 122504 , doi : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.116.122504 .
Oak Ridge National Laboratory is supported by the US Department of Energy 's Office of Science . The single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States , the Office of Science is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time . For more information , please visit science.energy.gov .
President Donald Trump 's 2018 budget includes a $ 22 million cut to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT ( ONC ) , amid broader agency reductions that left policy experts worried about ongoing health IT initiatives , including funding for precision medicine research .
The ONC budget has remained steady over the last several years at $ 60 million , but the president 's budget aims to reduce that funding to $ 38 million in 2018 . The cuts were outlined in a document ( PDF ) temporarily released by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) on Monday afternoon , which indicated ONC spending would focus on two priorities : interoperability and EHR usability . The full budget is expected to be released on Tuesday .
RELATED : Trump 's budget proposal to slash $ 800B from Medicaid ; AHCA 's potential impact on Medicare
The ONC cuts are part of $ 636 billion in cuts to all agencies within the HHS , including deep reductions to Medicaid funding . Similar to what Trump previously outlined in their skinny budget released in March , the National Institutes of Health will see a $ 5.6 billion reduction . The budget also calls for the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality ( AHRQ ) to be absorbed into NIH , with $ 272 million—84 % of AHRQ 's 2017 budget—reserved to continue “ key research activities. ” AHRQ funds some health IT grants .
Health IT groups expressed concern about the 2018 budget and the 36 % cut to ONC , particularly as the agency is gearing up to implement portions of the 21st Century Cures Act .
RELATED : Trump budget proposal cuts billions and would 'devastate ' healthcare programs
“ We are disappointed by the administration 's proposed cuts to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT , ” Lynne Thomas Gordon , CEO of the American Health Information Management Association ( AHIMA ) said in a statement . “ The bipartisan passage of the Cures Act by Congress last year made clear that investment in our nation 's health IT infrastructure is critically important if we are to advance new drugs and devices and fully realize the benefits of a learning healthcare system . ONC is a critical partner in this endeavor . ”
RELATED : AHIMA raises concerns about ONC funding
Last month , AHIMA issued a letter to the chairperson and ranking member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor , Health and Human Services , Education and Related Agencies voicing pre-emptive concerns that ONC would not have enough funding to implement provisions of the 21st Century Cures Act .
Early reports of FY18 Budget proposal appear to have deep cuts for some health IT programs and agencies . Need to keep educating on # value . — Tom Leary ( @ TLearyHIMSS ) May 22 , 2017
American Medical Informatics Association ( AMIA ) Board Chair Thomas H. Payne , M.D. , pointed to ongoing initiatives designed to improve EHR interoperability and advance precision medicine , arguing the proposed budget “ stops progress in its tracks . ”
Jeff Smith , vice president of public policy at AMIA , added that although every president 's budget request is “ aspirational , ” this one sends a clear signal about the administration 's priorities .
“ It 's unsettling that this White House is promoting policies in such stark contrast to genuinely bipartisan efforts such as Precision Medicine , the BRAIN Initiative and efforts to modernize how Americans receive health care , ” Smith said an email to FierceHealthcare . “ At a basic level , this budget halts progress on science and technology meant to improve patient care because this administration does not compute the ramifications of their aspirations . ”
Leslie Krigstein , vice president of congressional affairs at the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives ( CHIME ) , added that executing provisions of 21st Century Cures , along with improving interoperability and maintaining EHR standards and certification efforts `` will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , '' under Trump 's proposed budget for ONC .
RELATED : Trump 's budget sows doubt about the future of precision medicine , major research efforts
Not everyone had the same concerns . Although Health IT Now Executive Director Joel White worried the “ draconian ” cuts to NIH would be detrimental to the Precision Medicine Initiative , they argued that ONC cuts would not “ pose an immediate adverse effect on health IT advances . ”
“ ONC has extended its reach beyond its original purpose in the past and this funding level presents an opportunity for the agency to return to a laser focus on interoperability and implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act , including its key provisions related to information blocking , ” White said in a statement .
Although 21st Century Cures set aside $ 100 million for the Precision Medicine Initiative in 2018 , Edward Abrahams , president of the Personalized Medicine Coalition , worried that broader NIH cuts would impact ongoing research . Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have already pushed back against funding cuts for medical research .
“ The president 's ongoing desire to cut NIH 's research budget contradicts the bipartisan support the agency received as recently as earlier this month , ” Abrahams told FierceHealthcare . “ It would be a travesty for patients and the future of personalized medicine if enacted . ”
Bohemia Interactive today announced the official release date for Arma 3 's second premium DLC , Arma 3 Helicopters . Lifting off on November 4th , the new DLC will introduce the highly detailed CH-67 Huron and Mi-290 Taru heavy-lift helicopters , and will be supported by a variety of free new content and features in an accompanying Arma 3 platform update .
The CH-67 Huron is a twin-engine , tandem rotor heavy-lift helicopter . It is a modernized version of the CH-47 Chinook and its primary role is the transportation of troops , vehicles and cargo . The Huron exists in two variants : the armed variant with two side gunners manning 6.5 mm gatling guns , and the transport version which replaces the gunners with two additional passenger positions .
The Mi-290 Taru is a heavy utility helicopter with coaxial rotors and a unique modular construction . Various mission pods allow the Taru to serve many different roles . It can transport cargo , troops , and provide battlefield supplies ( ammunition , fuel , repair facilities , and medical equipment ) . The helicopter can also transport light vehicles thanks to its sling loading capabilities . The latter , sling loading , is a brand-new feature in Arma 3 , and will be demonstrated in the official Sling Loading showcase scenario , which is included in the Helicopters DLC package .
Overall , the addition of the two new helicopters and their skin variants will place a stronger emphasis on the role of logistics in Arma 3 's open-world combat . This idea is complemented by the upcoming Arma 3 platform update , which delivers a variety of free new playable content , alongside multiple game-changing features .
In terms of content , the Arma 3 platform update will ship the brand-new Support multiplayer mode , where players will need to provide various types of helicopter support – such as troop transport and medevac – in Sector Control multiplayer scenarios . In addition , the update will include a set of ten VR Training helicopter stages , and five helicopter Time Trials , of which four will be exclusive to Helicopters DLC owners . A variety of new in-game objects , ranging from landing platforms to military decorations and more , will also be made available to Arma 3 content creators . Plus , Bohemia Interactive will add a related set of new Steam Achievements to the game .
With regards to the new features , the Arma 3 platform update comes with the optional RotorLib helicopter flight model , which is an upgraded version of the flight model used in Bohemia Interactive 's Take On Helicopters . Furthermore , the platform update will include the asupervisorstioned new ability to sling load cargo , and last but certainly not least : the much-anticipated firing-from-vehicles feature . This functionality enables vehicle passengers to fire their weapon while seated .
The Arma 3 Helicopters DLC will be available on November 4th for 12.99 EUR/10.99 GBP/15.99 USD on Steam and Store.bistudio.com . People can already purchase the Arma 3 DLC Bundle , which includes the Arma 3 Karts , Arma 3 Helicopters , and the upcoming Arma 3 Marksmen DLC , for 19.99 EUR/16.99 GBP/24.99 USD on Steam and Store.bistudio.com . As a result of Bohemia Interactive 's new approach to DLC in Arma 3 , which the studio announced in May , players will be able to try out all new DLC content before buying .
To enlist for Arma 3 service , people can purchase the regular edition of Arma 3 ( 44.99 EUR/39.99 GBP/59.99 USD ) and the Arma 3 Digital Deluxe Edition ( 49.99 EUR/42.99 GBP/64.99 USD ) - which includes the Arma 3 soundtrack , tactical maps of Altis and Stratis , a tactical guide containing more than 350 pages , and Bohemia Interactive 's debut game Arma : Cold War Assault - from Steam and Store.bistudio.com . A boxed version of Arma 3 is sold at many major high-street retailers .
Shares
BURNS , OREGON — Grandfather of four Robert Saunders says they were just out to check on some young burrowing owls at the crack of dawn this morning when they were confronted by a “ red-faced pudgy man with a big gun ” .
And things got physical when Saunders refused the barked orders to halt and identify himself .
But it was n't the retired teacher who ended up on the ground .
“ Well heck , one second they were warming their hands by this kind of puny little fire and the next second they were running at me and shouting to get down on the ground , ” Saunders told reporters gathered near the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge .
“ Made me mad really . It 's public property and here this guy is acting all big and tough and pushy . ”
“ I do n't swear much at all but I told them to screw right off and that made them really angry . They started yelling right into my face — their breath was…well , pee you…it smelled like beer and maybe salami sausages or something. ” “ So I said there was no darn way I was getting down on the ground and they poked me in the shoulder — so , yeah , I did a leg take-down . Did n't know I even remembered that old move . Did it without even thinking about it . Haha . ”
“ He landed pretty hard on their back and I could tell they were winded because they started moaning and trying to suck air into their lungs . And that was that . ”
An FBI spokesperson at the entrance to the refuge told reporters that this is the first reported instance of any conflict between the occupying militant group and locals but warned that things could escalate quickly as other armed militants continue to arrive by the truckload .
“ We 're hoping this is an isolated incident and we 're asking the elderly not to knock any more militants on their ass , ” said the grinning FBI agent .
Harney County Sheriff David Ward appealed for calm among local citizens and the nearly 400 bird watchers who have come to the area promising to drive the militants out of the refuge that is home to dozens of species of birds including owls , white pelicans , sandhill cranes , and yellow-bellied black birds .
“ I hope I did n't hurt the man…well , their pride maybe , ” said Saunders from their small bungalow in the nearby town of Burns , population 2,700 .
“ When I left to go check on the owls , they were still curled up in a ball on the ground . ”
“ The owls are fine but maybe these guys should just go home . ”
Robin Steele
Reportering for The Lapine
Shares
Related
Comments
It seems like we 're getting closer to the Star Trek future by leaps and bounds these days . We recently learned that a NASA scientist has set their sights on building a warp drive , and now news has come in that a team of physicists has built their own tractor beam in the lab . Now , it 's nothing to get too excited over — they used an optical beam to pull a 30 micrometer silica sphere suspended in water — but the demonstration proved that a tractor beam can actually exist .
We 've known about the power of Bessel beams for some time now , including their potential to act as a kind of tractor beam . This optical phenomenon was first discovered by Friedrich Bessel over a hundred years ago , and has since been applied by microbiologists as a kind of tweezer .
Advertisement
But up until this point no one has been able to prove that a Bessel beam can actually function as a kind of tractor beam . So , in an effort to make it work , physicists David Ruffner and David Grier sought to harness a rather unique property of Bessel beams .
Advertisement
Specifically , these laser beams are capable of reconstructing themselves on the opposite side of an object . Subsequently , the theory is that these beams can pull an object back towards the stream of light — not unlike a tractor beam .
So , in an effort to create this ‘ optical conveyor , ' Ruffner and Grier adjusted the periodic intensity of the Bessel beam 's axis so that it could optically trap the micrometer silica sphere . Then , by changing the beam 's relative phase , the trapped object was selectively moved both upstream and downstream along the conveyor . Unlike previous ( failed ) experiments , they were able to do this by multiple lenses that could slightly bend the beams and cause them to overlap — what caused a strobe effect behind the particle , which provided the required energy to draw the object back towards the source .
Advertisement
And not only that , the physicists say that the same method can be used to combine multiple Bessel beams to create a series of overlapping optical conveyors — what could result in the bidirectional transport of microscale objects in three dimensions .
But as PhysOrg reports , the tiny tractor beam may not be scalable — at least not for the foreseeable future . The creation of a space-based tractor beam like the one portrayed in Star Trek would require a tremendous amount of energy — enough to destroy the object that it 's trying to pull in . But that said , the breakthrough indicates that a similar device might be possible by using a less energy intensive energy source .
Advertisement
The Ruffner and Grier paper was published in Physical Review Letters and can be found here . Alternately , you can read a version of it at Grier 's homepage .
Images : CBS , University of St. Andrews , New York University via PhysOrg .
Video by Phil Ebiner and Roxanne Makasdjian ( home videos provided by Public Affairs staff )
Helicopter parenting may not be the best strategy for raising independent kids . But a healthy measure of clinginess and overprotectiveness could actually be advantageous when rearing dogs and cats , according to new research from UC Berkeley and California State University , East Bay .
A Web-based survey of more than 1,000 pet owners nationwide analyzed the key personality traits and nurturing styles of people who identified as a “ cat person , ” a “ dog person , ” “ both ” or “ neither . ”
Surprisingly perhaps , those who expressed the greatest affection for their pets also rated among the most conscientious and neurotic , suggesting that the qualities that make for overbearing parents might work better for our domesticated canine and feline companions , who tend to require lifelong parenting .
“ The fact that higher levels of neuroticism are associated with affection and anxious attachment suggests that people who score higher on that dimension may have high levels of affection and dependence on their pets , which may be a good thing for pets , ” said Mikel Delgado , a doctoral student in psychology at UC Berkeley and co-author of the study , recently published in the Journal of Applied Animal Welfare Science .
The results echo those of a 2010 study by University of Texas psychologist Sam Gosling , a UC Berkeley graduate , which showed dog owners to be more extroverted , but less open to new experiences , and cat owners to be more neurotic , but also more creative and adventurous .
While previous studies have focused on people 's attachment to their pets , this is the first U.S. study to incorporate the principles of human attachment theory – which assesses the bond between parents and children or between romantic partners — with pet owners ' personality types , including whether they identify as a “ dog person ” or “ cat person . ”
It is also the first to find a positive correlation between neuroticism , anxious attachment and the care of and affection for pets , said CSU-East Bay psychologist Gretchen Reevy , co-author of the paper and a graduate of UC Berkeley .
Delgado and Reevy recruited male and female pet owners of all ages through the Craigslist classified advertising website , their personal Facebook pages and pet-related pages on the Reddit news and social networking site . Nearly 40 percent of those surveyed said they liked dogs and cats equally , while 38 percent identified as dog people and 19 percent as cat people . A mere 3 percent favored neither .
The online questionnaire was based on both human and animal attachment assessments , including one that measures the “ Big Five ” overarching human characteristics ( openness , conscientiousness , extraversion , agreeableness and neuroticism ) . Pet owners were also rated according to the Lexington Attachment to Pets Scale , which measures affection for pets , and the Pet Attachment Questionnaire , which gauges “ anxious attachment ” and “ avoidant attachment . ”
People who score high on anxious attachment tend to need more reassurance from the objects of their affection , and in the survey those tended to be younger people who chose a cat as a favorite pet .
Conversely , people who rate highly on avoidant attachment , which refers to a less affectionate and more withdrawn temperament – and can inspire such rejoinders as “ commitment-phobe ” in romantic relationships – are much less needy . Both dog and cat lovers scored low on avoidant attachment , suggesting both personality types enjoy close relationships with their pets .
“ We hypothesized that more attentive and affectionate pet owners would receive higher affection scores and lower avoidant attachment scores , as higher levels of avoidant attachment would suggest distancing behaviors between the individual and their pet , ” Delgado said .
Delgado and Reevy plan to dig more deeply into the link between neuroticism and affection for and dependence on one 's pet .
“ We will investigate further whether greater affection for and greater anxious attachment to one 's pet , and neuroticism , are associated with better care and understanding of the pet 's needs , ” Reevy said .
A few days ago Emily Green featured this Monopoly-style board game on their blog :
The board game is nifty , but the really good part comes when Emily describes the SNWA 's pipeline project , the study of the export of surface water from the Mississippi-Missouri basin to the arid West , and other assorted goodies . They also remind us of the excellent NRDC report , Pipe Dreams .
And speaking of pipelines ( which should be funded by the Federal government , of course ) and pipe dreams , just the other day I received this comment to one of my NAWAPA posts . Let 's hope the disease spreads no further .
`` What western water managers preach and what western water managers do is often contradictory . This much can be relied on : inconsistency starts at the top. `` - Emily Green
Kym Johnson ! But Danielle Vasinova ( pictured ) — showing how the reality-show tycoon first binged on a twisted sex life including S & M dungeons , threesomes and plenty of hot girls ! “ Shark Tank ” judge Robert Herjavec has married their new wife — and “ Dancing With the Stars ” beauty — ! But The National ENQUIRER had the bombshell exclusive interview with their ex-girlfriend ( pictured ) — showing how the reality-show tycoon first binged on a twisted sex life including S & M dungeons , threesomes and plenty of hot girls ! Photo credit : Splash/National ENQUIRER
Before the millionaire business person became engaged to Kym , Robert was dating the beautiful brunette actor . Now the spurned stunner has opened up to The ENQUIRER about the sexcapades with Robert ( seen here in a Los Angeles sex dungeon ) that left them emotionally scarred and shattered ! Photo credit : National ENQUIRER
“ In the beginning , '' Danielle , 33 , told The ENQUIRER , `` the relationship , it was a fairy tale . I fell madly in love with him , but slowly it got progressively stranger. ” Photo credit : Splash News
The first sign that their relationship was more of a nightmare than a dream was in late 2014 — just more than a year after they started dating — when they attended a Britney Spears concert in Las Vegas . Photo credit : Splash News
“ He got a call and told me , ‘ Oh , that 's the girl … the girl I have coming up . ' I said , ‘ You have a girl coming up ? ' And they said , ‘ Yeah . ' ” Danielle soon learned that Robert wanted the girl to watch them and Danielle having sex . But Danielle said no way to the Sin City three-way , and Robert held a grudge for weeks . Photo credit : Splash News
Robert 's perverse penchant worsened after a browse through a sex shop in which they bought $ 700 worth of bedroom toys they assumed were for them “ He was getting a bunch of dildos and a strap-on , ” Danielle said . “ I said , ‘ Babe , honestly , I do n't need this many dildos . ' They said , ‘ No , they 're for me ! ' ” Photo credit : Corbis
But while Danielle dreamed of happily ever after with Robert , a single incident would destroy that fantasy . One night early last year , they said : “ I have a surprise for you . Bring a nightie. ” Danielle was aghast to learn their destination was a sex dungeon in downtown Los Angeles ! Photo credit : Getty Images
“ There were two dominatrices and two slave girls , ” they described . “ They were dressed in black patent leather , strappy sexy outfits , high boots and high heels . '' Photo credit : Getty Images
“ The slave girls had on nipple rings and lacy panties , '' continued Danielle . `` They were trying to seduce me , kiss my legs , go up my legs and do things to me. ” During the five-hour session , Danielle was forced to watch their lover ( pictured ) being pleasured while blindfolded . Photo credit : National ENQUIRER
“ He took me and put me down on a table covered in red leather and wanted them to watch as they had sex with me . They wanted to pin me down , ” they said . “ I cried the whole way home . I was thinking to myself , ‘ You 're a sexually depraved freak . You 're in your 50s , and you 're making me feel bad for what I 'm feeling . ' ” Photo credit : Corbis
After the eye-opening experience , Danielle 's feelings for Robert quickly changed . They revealed the truth about Robert 's breakup with Diane Plese ( pictured ) , their first wife of 24 years until their divorce in 2016 . Photo credit : Corbis
“ He told me they were separated from her , they never slept in the same bedroom and they were working out where they were going to move , ” Danielle recalled . “ But they ended up kicking them out on their son 's birthday when they found emails from me and Robert ! ” Photo credit : Getty Images
The conclusion : Car buyers are doing more of their own leg work online and spending less time at dealerships .
Fewer dealership visits
The McKinsey report says the average buyer visits just 1.6 auto dealerships while car shopping , down from 10 years ago when buyers visited an average of five dealerships .
`` The consumer now has more information online and through other sources , so they do not need to visit as many dealers , '' said Kaas .
( Read more : February auto sales beginning to thaw )
Simon Soaf , general manager at Mossy Volkswagen in Carlsbad , Calif. , has seen the change .
`` Those days of going to six or seven dealerships to shop for a car are over . It is not going to happen again . Customers are more savvy , '' they said .
Soaf says the internet has become a major player in driving sales . They estimate that almost all of the customers at their dealership has done some type of advanced research on their own before entering the showroom .
As a result , fewer people are coming in to `` kick the tires '' and just look around as they did 10 or 15 years ago .
`` The business has changed , '' said Soaf .
SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY , Pa. -- Over 2,000 comic book specialty shops across the United States and Canada will be giving away over 4.6 million comics to kids and adults who come to their shops on Saturday.The shops will also hold costume contest , have store wide sales , and raffle off prizes.Here 's a list of some participating comic book shops in the Susquehanna Valley : The Comic Store28 McGovern Ave. Station Square Lancaster , Pa.Comics and Paperbacks Plus24 E. Main St. Ephrata , Pa.Sequential Arts Too1 S. Market St. Suite 104 Elizabethtown , Pa.Comic Den 4312 Division Highway East Earl , Pa.The Comic Store West2111 Industrial Highway York , Pa.Planet X Comics2085 Springwood Road York , Pa.Visit www.freecomicbookday.com to learn more .
SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY , Pa. -- Over 2,000 comic book specialty shops across the United States and Canada will be giving away over 4.6 million comics to kids and adults who come to their shops on Saturday .
The shops will also hold costume contest , have store wide sales , and raffle off prizes .
Advertisement
Here 's a list of some participating comic book shops in the Susquehanna Valley :
The Comic Store
28 McGovern Ave. Station Square Lancaster , Pa .
Comics and Paperbacks Plus
24 E. Main St. Ephrata , Pa .
Sequential Arts Too
1 S. Market St. Suite 104 Elizabethtown , Pa .
Comic Den
4312 Division Highway East Earl , Pa .
The Comic Store West
2111 Industrial Highway York , Pa .
Planet X Comics
2085 Springwood Road York , Pa .
Visit www.freecomicbookday.com to learn more .
AlertMe
Remember when people complained about Assassin 's Creed releasing once every year ? Yeah ... The fact that Ubisoft is now launching two full-sized games from the same series on the same date is fairly ridiculous , but at least the company has not been too coy about its motives . Focusing just on Assassin 's Creed : Unity would have excluded the large number of console owners still without a PlayStation 4 or Xbox One , Ubisoft has said , and more to the point would have excluded a large slice of the annual Assassin 's Creed cash pie .
And so Rogue was born , specifically for fans still on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 ( and next year , Ubisoft has just announced , on PC ) . If it sounds like something of a quick turnaround , it is - and playing it feels like a 're running through the greatest hits of recent gameplay systems . It 's not difficult to spot where various pieces have been borrowed from - there 's the fun naval gameplay from AC4 , the reused New York city map from AC3 , a few weapons from AC4 's Freedom Cry DLC . Even elements from the series ' old multiplayer mode have been included .
There 's no attempt here to try and match Unity 's fancy new-gen engine , refined control mechanics or co-op mode ( in fact for the first time in years there is no multiplayer element at all ) . Rogue 's main attractions are its characters and story . It feels like a similar situation to the hastily-made Assassin 's Creed : Revelations , which gifted a third game to Renaissance hero Ezio so Ubisoft could keep working on the more technically advanced AC3 in the background . Revelations busied itself tying up loose plot threads and revisiting some fan-pleasing faces from earlier games - which is exactly what Rogue focuses on here to help wrap-up the recent Kenway saga .
You can fight polar bears now . There are penguin-like auks too , but you ca n't fight them .
Rogue 's story is told through the eyes of Assassin-turned-Templar Shay Patrick Cormac ( he 's Irish , in case you did n't guess ) , who also provides a fresh viewpoint for the series ' somewhat predictable good-versus-evil narrative . Cormac begins the game very much on the side of the Brotherhood , a happy Assassin with a ship and a purpose , but he 's forced to change course after their part in a fairly major historical event ( we wo n't spoil exactly what they get up to , but it involves something that happened in Lisbon around the time period ) .
Cormac finds themselves adrift from their cause - figuratively and literally - and washes up surrounded by a new set of friends who just happen to be Templars . Through their early exploits with them we see a benevolent side to the Templar 's brand of control - expect to still be running around , renovating local businesses , chasing off local gangs and the like , but now to be doing it for the sake of restoring order rather than liberating people from it . It sort of makes senses - you 're a Templar , but still surrounded by people who expect you to still behave nobly . And when you are tasked with fighting groups of Assassins , they are usually troublemakers who will jump you first .
It 's still not an entirely smooth transition from one side to the other , but the lure of spending more time with some familiar faces makes Rogue an engrossing tale to watch unfold . Cormac is caught in a power struggle between Haytham and Achilles ( Rogue being a prequel to their appearances in AC3 ) . Each figure is a senior player in their respective Templar and Assassin orders , and both will push Cormac to take the ideology of each organisation to some of its furthest limits . One standout sequence sees you track down Adewale , AC4 's faithful first mate and the main playable character in AC4 's DLC - a mission which ends in a fairly surprising outcome . There 's more Benjamin Franklin too , and the full story on how Achilles is left , Obi-Wan-style , one of the last of their number .
Adding Assassins as an enemy type adds some much-needed new ideas to the series ' fighting mechanics . One mission sees you going to destroy an Assassin warehouse which is storing poison gas , something which may become a threat to the public . You now have to fight your way past Assassins that deploy some of the same tricks you used in the past - smoke bombs , for example , and the ability to hide in nearby shrubs . In some cases you 'll need to clear an area of hidden Assassins using a detection radar and then listen out for whispers - a mechanic borrowed from the series ' retired PVP mode . There 's a land-based Hunter system now too , where continual notorious acts on your part cause Assassins to come after you .
New York remains a fairly uninspiring location to return to - there are some new areas , although a large part of the city appears the same as it was in AC3 . It was fairly dull back then too , with few landmarks to recognise , but Ubisoft likely realises that the majority of players ' time will be spent back out at sea . It 's here that the game feels most fresh , especially out among the frozen wastes of the new North Atlantic map . Once again Ubisoft has provided an enormous space to explore , a vast ocean of islands and icebergs , shipwrecks and sea forts . Upgrade your ship and you will be able to carve routes through ice sheets and blast incoming icebergs faster than you can say Leonardo DiCaprio . And then there 's a second map to sail around too , the North Atlantic River Basin , a mix of both land and sea where you can run around its islands , shoot a couple of beavers , swim back out to your ship and sail on .
If you 've played Black Flag you 'll know how many collectibles and upgrades you could spend countless hours searching for , if your patience so cares . Treasure maps , viking sword pieces , Templar armour and Native American totems are all there for the taking , alongside the usual array of Animus shards , viewpoints and chests . Winter-laiden wooden villages and icy cave outposts cover the map , and include miniature versions of settlements such as Halifax and Albany to run around and explore . Taking a leaf out of earlier Assassin 's Creed games , each location also usually features buildings to renovate , which soon cause money to start flowing in .
One concern was that , despite the vast amount of map on offer to explore , the handful of story sequences I played were relatively short . One was just two missions in length , and the leaked Achievements list for the game suggests there may only be six sequences in all - around half the usual total . If the game 's tale is as important to Rogue 's appeal as I think it 'll be , this could be a fairly major problem . But then we were n't able to try out any of the game 's modern day sections - once again , there 's a menu option to exit your Animus station and go wandering around fictional games developer Abstergo Entertainment .
Anyone without a new-gen console will be kept busy by Assassin 's Creed : Rogue , that much is clear , and if the story lives up to our first impressions it may still be something worth exploring even for those who could venture into Unity 's Paris instead . And anyone who simply wants another pirate simulator in the same vein as Black Flag - you 're fine too . Rogue was born in a boardroom , but does its best to rise above its origins .
Between 1980 and 2013 , the federal prison population exploded , rising from 24,640 to 219,298 , largely because of the war on drugs , which accounts for half of federal prisoners . Yet the National Association of Assistant U.S . Attorneys ( NAAUSA ) insists in a recent position paper that `` our federal prison population is not exploding . '' How so ? The number of federal prisoners fell slightly between 2013 and 2014 , from 219,298 to 214,149 . According to NAAUSA , that 2.3 percent drop makes up for the 790 percent increase that preceded it . Since balance already has been restored to the criminal justice system , it says , there is no need for sentencing reform .
The desperation reflected in such transparently misleading arguments is a hopeful sign for those of us who agree with former Attorney General Eric Holder that `` too many Americans go to too many prisons for far too long , and for no truly good law enforcement reason . '' Bipartisan support for sentencing reform is stronger than at any point in recent memory , with the Obama administration and leading Republicans in both chambers of Congress united in viewing current penalties as excessively harsh . `` I 've long believed that there needs to be reform of the criminal justice system , '' House Speaker John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) said last month . `` We 've got a lot of people in prison , frankly , who , in my view , really do n't need to be there . ''
Most Americans seem to agree . In an ACLU survey conducted last June , more than two-thirds of respondents said it is important to reduce the number of people behind bars , which includes about 2 million people in state prisons and county jails in addition to the 200,000 or so in federal prisons . The only thing preventing legislators from acting on that goal is bad arguments and the fear they inspire .
NAAUSA argues that sentencing reform is not just unnecessary but positively dangerous . It warns that `` higher crime rates…will inevitably flow from the return of numerous federal drug traffickers to our communities at a significantly faster rate and the non-prosecution of many more . '' But while it 's true that a rising prison population has coincided with falling crime rates in the last two decades , the relationship between those two trends is not as clear as NAAUSA implies .
Judge Alex Kozinski , whom Ronald Reagan appointed to the U.S. Court Appeals for the 9th Circuit in 1985 , a few years into the imprisonment binge that gave us the world 's highest incarceration rate , reflects on that dubious distinction in a recent Georgetown Law Journal article . `` We are committed to a system of harsh sentencing because we believe that long sentences deter crime and , in any event , incapacitate criminals from victimizing the general population while they are in prison , '' Kozinski writes . `` And , indeed , the United States is enjoying an all-time low in violent crime rates , which would seem to support this intuition . But crime rates have been dropping steadily since the 1990s , and not merely in the United States but throughout the industrialized world . Our intuition about harsh sentences deterring crime may thus be misguided . We may be spending scarce taxpayer dollars maintaining the largest prison population in the industrialized world , shattering countless lives and families , for no good reason . ''
The sense that the U.S. has gone overboard in locking people up is reinforced by the experiences of states that have enacted sentencing reform in recent years . In its response to NAAUSA 's paper , Families Against Mandatory Minimums ( FAMM ) notes that `` more than 30 states have reduced , eliminated , or reformed their mandatory minimum and drug sentencing laws over the past decade , and crime has gone down , not up . '' Between 2007 and 2012 , according to a 2014 report from the Pew Charitable Trusts ' Public Safety Performance Project , `` the 10 states with the largest decreases in imprisonment rates had a 12 percent average reduction in their crime rates , '' while `` in the 10 states with the largest imprisonment rate increases , crime rates fell an average of 10 percent . ''
Back in 2011 , NAAUSA predicted that retroactive application of new , less harsh sentencing guidelines for crack cocaine offenses would have an `` immeasurable crime impact . '' It was right . That policy , which the U.S . Sentencing Commission adopted against NAAUSA 's advice , has not had a measurable impact on crime .
It makes sense that locking up more criminals would , up to a point , help reduce crime , even if only through incapacitation . But that approach requires locking up the right criminals : the ones who pose a threat to the general public because they hurt people or take their stuff , as opposed to the ones who commit arbitrarily defined offenses that violate no one 's rights . NAAUSA refuses to acknowledge this crucial distinction , insisting there is no such thing as a nonviolent drug offender .
`` It is well-established that drug trafficking is inherently violent , '' NAAUSA declares . It would be more accurate to say violence is a predictable feature of the black market created by a prohibition policy that NAAUSA avidly supports . Leaving that point aside , NAAUSA is saying it does not matter if the particular defendant a judge happens to be sentencing has never hurt a fly ; they must pay for the crimes of others in their line of work . That hardly seems fair . Of the 22,000 federal drug offenders sentenced in fiscal year 2014 , FAMM notes , just 16 percent had guns , and less than 1 percent committed acts of violence .
NAAUSA tries to redefine violence , arguing that `` all drug dealing is dangerous , taking the lives of thousands of Americans , destroying families , and undermining the moral fabric of our communities , regardless of whether any individual offender engages in an act of violence during the commission of a drug offense . '' In other words , if I sell you heroin , and you die after injecting too much of it at once or ( more likely ) recklessly consuming it with other depressants , I may as well have murdered you . Likewise , presumably , if I sell you a bottle of whiskey and you die of acute alcohol poisoning after consuming it all in one sitting or from injuries sustained in a drunken car crash .
NAAUSA warns that sentencing reform will lead to an `` increase in addiction '' as drug dealers return to the streets prematurely , luring new users who otherwise would have escaped the bonds of pharmacological slavery . To anyone familiar with the economics of the black market , which replaces dealers as soon as they are arrested as long as there is a demand for their product , that prediction makes little sense . So it is not surprising that self-reported crack consumption continued to drop after Congress shortened crack sentences in 2010 , as a new report from the U.S . Sentencing Commission ( USSC ) points out .
The USSC report debunks another NAAUSA claim : that `` slashing minimum mandatory penalties will threaten the prosecution of many of the most dangerous and high level criminals involved in drug trafficking by undermining the cooperation incentive that the current sentencing structure creates . '' The sentencing commission found no evidence of such an effect . `` Rates of crack cocaine offenders cooperating with law enforcement have not changed despite changes in penalties , '' the report says . `` The rate of sentences that were below the guideline due to a government substantial assistance motion remained stable throughout the 2005-2013 period , indicating that the reductions in penalties during this period did not generally reduce the willingness of offenders to provide assistance to the government in the prosecution of others . ''
Similarly , after a new Justice Department policy reduced the number of drug offenders facing charges that carry mandatory minimums , defendants did not become less inclined to cooperate with the government . `` One of the most common concerns that I hear expressed about eliminating or reducing mandatory minimums is that long sentences for low level defendants [ are ] the only way to secure cooperation against the worst criminals , '' Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates said in a speech last month . `` Not only is this inconsistent with my personal experience as a prosecutor , it is inconsistent with the data we have gathered since the Department of Justice recalibrated our drug charging policy two years ago….Although some feared that defendants would stop pleading guilty and stop cooperating , our experience has been just the opposite . In fact , defendants are pleading guilty at the same rates as they were before we instituted the new policy . So the fear that not charging mandatory minimums would prevent us from being able to work our way up the chain just has n't been borne out . ''
Even if NAAUSA were right that shorter sentences make federal prosecutors ' jobs harder , that would not justify the current penalties . `` U.S. sentences are vastly , shockingly longer than just about anywhere else in the world , '' Kozinski observes . While `` elected officials , regardless of party affiliation and political leaning , seem to favor Draconian sentences , and the public seems to support them in the abstract , '' they say , there is evidence that politicians have overestimated voters ' demand for harsh punishment . Kozinski cites an experiment in which James Gwin , a federal judge in Ohio , asked jurors in 22 trials to suggest appropriate sentences for the defendants they convicted . On average , Gwin reported , `` jurors recommended sentences that were 37 % of the minimum Guidelines recommended sentences and 22 % of the median Guidelines recommended sentences . ''
Current sentences are especially arbitrary in the case of drug offenses , which are crimes only because legislators decided to treat them that way . Even if you agree with that decision , it is pretty hard to justify a 55-year sentence for a small-time marijuana dealer or a life sentence for a mild-mannered Deadhead who made the mistake of mailing LSD to a confidential informant . Likewise , how can anyone be confident that 10 years , rather than five or three , is the appropriate penalty for a second offense involving 28 grams of crack ?
Because they decide which charges an offender will face and certify whether they have cooperated enough to avoid mandatory minimums , federal prosecutors wield enormous leverage in plea negotiations , as reflected in the fact that only 3 percent of defendants decide to go to trial . But when that decision can be the difference between a decade in prison and life in prison , something has gone terribly wrong . Coercing `` cooperation '' can not be the overriding goal of criminal penalties , which must be constrained by principles of fairness and proportionality . At some point the interests of justice have to outweigh the interests of prosecutors .
This article originally appeared at Forbes.com .
libGDX is a cross platform Java game development framework that provides a single API that works on all supported platforms .
Instead of creating build to iOS/Android/Javascript after each code change , you can run and debug your game on the desktop , natively which reduces your iteration times considerably .
We 've written a complete tutorial to illustrate how developers can write multiplayer games by integrating AppWarp cloud Java SDK with libGDX . The tutorial uses the excellent single player superjumper sample from libgdx-sample and extends it to a 2 player realtime game .
The complete tutorial is available here with source code and step-by-step integration guide . AppWarp concepts illustrated are dynamic game rooms , lock properties and our TCP/UDP sendUpdate APIs . Send us a mail on support @ shephertz.com with your questions and comments .
While we all know Purdue is our most hated rival ( and I think we can all agree Rutgers sucks ) , if you 've spent any meaningful amount of time in Iowa you know the Iowa/Iowa State “ rivalry ” is right up there with Purdue . Sure we were never officially told by our Big Ten overlords that we had to hate Iowa State and the series is n't nearly as competitive as the one with Purdue , but damnit I do n't like Iowa State .
Look , I grew up in a small town in the middle of nowhere ( which makes me just like every other kid born in Iowa ) . A lot of my good friends were Iowa State fans . They are no longer my friends . My sister graduated from high school and chose to attend to Iowa State . She 's no longer my sister . The close proximity to these “ people ” is what makes this annual series so , well , hateful . So let 's take a trip down memory lane , reliving some of the best moments of Hate Weeks past . In case any of our Cyclone brethren decide to stop by , we 'll use words they can understand .
Pictures . We 'll use pictures . And gifs . They ca n't understand words . Ugh .
We start with a look at the series overview . For you ISU lurkers who are n't so good with the maths , that says Iowa has 41 wins to Iowa State 's 22 . That 's nearly twice as many . The pretty little chart below shows us that the Cyclones kicked things off with a bang , winning the first 3 games in the series way back in 1894-1897 . Iowa went on to win 15 of the next 19 meetings and Iowa State promptly took their ball and went home starting in 1920 .
After 13 years of pumping themselves up in front of the mirror , the Cyclones came back for more in ‘ 33 only to get their teeth kicked in yet again . They apparently caught the Hawkeyes in a drunken stupor in ‘ 34 and stole one , then skipped down without returning phone calls , texts or snaps for the next FORTY-TWO YEARS . Once play resumed in ‘ 77 , the sh ! t show most of you know today ensued . Iowa State won 3 of the first 5 meetings before Iowa rattled off 15 straight under football GAWD , Hayden Fry .
Iowa State caught lightning in a bottle during the dark years at the beginning of the Ferentz era and pulled off their longest winning streak of the series at 5 games , culminated by the torturous 2002 showing that was Iowa 's lone regular season loss of the year . Even the youngest among us can remember what 's happened since then . It has n't been great for our fast-food looking little brethren to the west . But as they say , even a blind squirrel finds a nut once in a while .
Beyond the rivalry , let 's be honest , Iowa State is just not fantastic at playing football .
Despite that , they can be a pain in the ass . As such , we 've developed a , uh , relationship with them over the years .
We are brothers , after all , so we do beat up on each other from time to time ...
But mostly , it 's big brother beating on little brother .
Much littler brother .
Every once in a while , little brother gets a swing in , but mostly it 's just a lot of this :
And this :
And some of this :
Which inevitably leads to a lot of this in Ames :
Because , frankly , their football program looks like this :
Our friend , @ HeavensHawkeye summed up their situation pretty well :
Inevitably , that will lead to plenty of this :
Followed by this in Ames :
It 's just the natural order of the universe . Iowa is generally pretty good ( sometimes great ) at football . Iowa State is generally not . The fans are generally OK people , but come football season , they act a little funny . Every year brings new hope , only to be swept away a week or two later . And Iowa just keeps being Iowa .
In case you missed anything from the last meeting , here 's a quick recap :
As for my prediction for this year ? I think it looks a lot like this :
And just because I can never see it enough , look for plenty of this every day into eternity :
It 's a Hawkeye state . It 's Hate Week . Get yourself some McDonald 's and celebrate .
Got other great pics , gifs or other media our Cyclone brethren can understand ? Share ‘ em with us ! We 'll also take your word stories too .
A container of ashes stolen last week from tourists visiting San Francisco from North Carolina was found and returned this weekend , police said today .
The ashes were stolen last Wednesday around 5 p.m. when the family 's rental car was broken into while it was parked at a garage in the 500 block of Beach Street .
Luggage was stolen , with items inside including a container wrapped in velvet that held the cremated remains of a family member , according to police .
The victims filed a report and later met with police after the story generated news coverage .
On Saturday , around 2:20 p.m. plainclothes officers spotted a person of interest in the theft and contacted them in the area of Chestnut and Montgomery streets , police said .
The person told the officers where the container was located and contacted a friend who brought the container to police .
The subject was released pending further investigation , and police were able to return the cremated remains to the victims .
An investigation continues , and police are asking anyone with information to call ( 415 ) 575-4444 or text a tip to TIP411 with `` SFPD '' at the start of the message . —Sara Gaiser
The Road Runner was meant to be an inexpensive muscle car without all the frills . Plymouth increased the performance while cutting out the non-essentials . Sounds like a good plan to us . This 1970 Plymouth Road Runner has seen many a stop-light drag , but ended up parked in this garage . The seller has finally had the sense to let it go so someone can give it the restoration it deserves . Find it here on eBay out of Waretown , New Jersey with the bidding at $ 5,000 .
As a teenager , I remember finding a Road Runner parked outside of a trailer house on the end of a road not far from my house . I would pester my parents to drive up there just so I could take a look . It was sitting on blocks and the tin worm had started to leave its mark , but I would always visualize what it could look like with a “ little work ” .
Eventually I mustered up enough courage to knock on the door . I figured it had been sitting out there for so long that they would probably be happy to have it hauled off . Well , they answered the door and I asked . They countered in a gruff tone with the traditional response I have heard many times since , “ I am going to restore it one of these days ” . Well , that day never came and eventually the car disappeared .
Luckily , the owner of the featured car has decided to sell it before it completely rots away . They ramble on about street races and a divorce in their listing , but the important thing to remember here is that the numbers-matching 383 and manual transmission are still in place . The seller also claims that the uprated suspension and rear end were installed by the dealer when new for street racing antics .
Rust has taken its toll on this old bird . A few repairs were attempted at some point , but other than the primer spots , the rest of the paint is claimed to be original . Not that it matters much because this one is going to require a complete makeover . Maybe I just have a soft spot for this car because of the barn finding memories of my past , but I really hope this one can be saved .
PG & E 's blackout record is getting better — no , seriously
A traffic control officer directs traffic during a blackout in San Francisco on Dec. 20 , 2003 , when a fire at a PG & E substation knocked out electricity to 120,000 customers . Despite Friday 's blackout , which affected 95,000 customers , PG & E 's record on power outages is improving . less A traffic control officer directs traffic during a blackout in San Francisco on Dec. 20 , 2003 , when a fire at a PG & E substation knocked out electricity to 120,000 customers . Despite Friday 's blackout , which ... more Photo : KIM KOMENICH , AP Photo : KIM KOMENICH , AP Image 1 of / 52 Caption Close PG & E 's blackout record is getting better — no , seriously 1 / 52 Back to Gallery
Hard as it may have been for San Franciscans to believe Friday , Pacific Gas and Electric Co. has made steady , substantial progress in cutting the number and length of blackouts that its customers endure .
Stung by a series of outages and dramatic equipment failures in its San Francisco hometown — including a 2003 substation fire that cut power to one-third of the city — PG & E spent the last decade upgrading its equipment .
And that effort has produced results .
The average PG & E customer lost power 1.02 times in 2016 , according to data compiled by the utility . In 2006 , blackouts hit the average PG & E customer 1.45 times .
Similarly , the average customer lost power for 109 minutes in 2016 . While more than an hour and a half may sound like a long time , it 's a big improvement from 2006 , when the average PG & E customer went without electricity for 3¼ hours .
Those figures exclude major weather-related events .
The statistics may come as cold comfort to those in the 88,000 San Francisco homes and businesses that lost electricity in the blackout that started just after 9 a.m. Friday .
PG & E blamed the outage on a fire at an electrical substation that the utility planned to refurbish next year .
“ We 've identified it as a substation that needed to be updated , ” said Barry Anderson , PG & E 's vice president of electric distribution , at a news conference Friday . “ It just is a case where the equipment failed before we could get to the update . ”
While more public attention has focused on PG & E 's natural gas network in the wake of the deadly 2010 San Bruno explosion , the utility 's electricity infrastructure also has a history of highly visible failures .
In June 2009 , a power line from the 1920s melted inside a vault beneath Polk and O'Farrell streets , starting a fire that shot flames 30 feet into the air and knocked out power to 8,600 customers .
In August 2005 , a transformer exploded beneath a sidewalk in the city 's Financial District , shattering windows and severely burning a woman who was walking nearby .
And in December 2003 , a fire in a Mission District substation blacked out large swaths of the city , with some customers waiting more than 24 hours for electricity to return .
But PG & E has been swapping out old equipment and adding new gear that can spot and isolate blackouts quickly . As a result , the number and duration of outages striking PG & E 's system have declined .
PG & E use to consistently suffer more blackouts than the state 's other large , investor-owned utilities , Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric . But , in 2015 , the latest year for which data from all three companies are available , PG & E had improved its standing compared to its corporate peers .
In 2015 , Edison experienced blackouts at a rate of 0.92 per customer , slightly worse than PG & E 's performance of 0.87 per customer . The San Diego utility , meanwhile , reported 0.53 per customer that year .
Edison 's average customer lost power for 115 minutes in 2015 , while SDG & E 's average customer went without electricity for 58 minutes . PG & E 's average customer lost electricity for 96 minutes .
David R. Baker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : dbaker @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ DavidBakerSF
During my morning run recently , I felt a great sadness as I paused at a 10-foot-high stump of a tree I once knew well . You see , this is the season for Bangalore 's gulmohars – or mayflower trees – to bloom and lay a flame-orange carpet of flowers . That is what the magnificent , old specimen on the corner of Davis Road and Charles Campbell Road would have , had it been allowed to live .
I reckon it was about 80 years old , planted sometime after Richards Town in the central part of the city was laid down by colonial administrators , after whom the streets and neighbourhood are still named . It was a rare gulmohar , about four storeys high and matching in height those giants , the rain trees . Its canopy spread across the crossroad , shading the roads and the footpaths . The boys doing wheelies on motorcycles wobbled past it , nuns drifting by often picked up its flowers , old people leaned on it for support and I was happy to simply revel in its presence , ignoring the tangle of cable wires in its canopy .
Yet , these wires proved to be the grand gulmohar 's undoing . I had seen muttering servicemen stare at the entangled – and illegal – cable wires . One day , after returning from a work trip , I found that the tree , sentinel to eras , was gone . The wires are unhindered , and the street corner is desolate . Every month , the desolate spots multiply .
Last week , when I had returned from another trip , two more gulmohars I knew well were gone – one from the doorstep of the Holy Ghost Church , another a few metres away . They were smaller , but as colourful . Thousands of parishioners must have seen them chopped down . The trunks , chopped into pieces , still lie there . No one appears to notice , or care .
Credit : Priya Ramani
Credit : Priya Ramani
A tale of neglect
This is the story across Richards Town , Bangalore and India 's great , exploding cities , which are likely to host about 300 million more people over the next 14 years . As a 2010 report from McKinsey said : `` 70 % to 80 % of India of 2030 is yet to be built . ''
To deal with this urban explosion , the government is currently inviting applications to finance 100 smart cities that can provide for `` the aspiration and needs of citizens '' .
Some citizens – largely , those committed to saving what 's left , such as this vibrant group , Save the Bangalore Trees , on Facebook – are indeed concerned that the tide of economic growth and unprecedented opportunity is sweeping away thousands of trees , the very things that can fulfil their aspirations for a better life and mitigate the potentially catastrophic side effects of rising prosperity and a warming planet .
For every Bangalorean , there is now 0.1 tree , or a tenth of a tree . There should be 10 times that number if the city has to absorb the growing volumes of carbon dioxide from the 1,600 vehicles registered every day . `` Since wide roads are being felled of trees across the city for road widening , this implies that Bangalore 's street tree population is being selectively denuded of its largest trees , '' wrote Harini Nagendra , a professor at the Azim Premji University , in this 2010 study . In the years since Nagendra 's study , more than 50,000 trees have been lost , with only a few of the old gulmohars standing .
A wider problem
The dying of the gulmohars is a metaphor for unfolding urban disrepair and disarray . Its last rites were announced in 2014 when the city 's chief conservator of forests declared there was no place for the gulmohar , the rain tree and other avenue trees that gave Bangalore its now-dead moniker of India 's garden city . “ The large trees with deep roots damage sewage lines , boundary walls , sumps and not to talk of traffic blocks caused by fallen branches [ sic ] , '' Brijesh Kumar , the official guardian of trees , told The Times of India . `` The roads get choked and traffic blocked . ''
Kumar was right , except that despite thousands of trees cut , the roads are more choked than ever . The trees fall because they are constricted , imbalanced when their roots are hacked , or their branches are cut when builders add ( often illegal ) floors or when setbacks – the space between buildings and walls – are ignored . I have seen gulmohars being cut down simply to add a parking space or to stop the birds from dirtying cars .
Gulmohars , like rain trees , colonise the ground and air above them , making them particularly irksome to a city that has given itself the freedom to do as it pleases with a particular vengeance since it took on the mantle of India 's second-fastest growing city in the 1990s ( Delhi is the fastest , but that city 's core has retained much of its greenery ) .
Price to pay
From the year I began college – 1982 – to 2012 , Bangalore lost 66 % of its trees and 74 % of its once-shimmering lakes , according to TV Ramachandra , the man who has statistically chronicled this decline . A professor at the Indian Institute of Science , Ramachandra , with their research group , found that over the same period , the area covered by buildings increased 584 % .
It is a datum I quote often , as is the fact that Bangalore experienced a summer of unprecedented temperatures in 2016 . To be sure , the city 's average annual temperature rise was the same as the warming Earth 's ( 0.9°C ) , but climate change is n't to blame . In growing swathes of Bangalore , temperatures have increased by more than 2 deg C because the trees , lakes and open spaces are gone , replaced by buildings and roads that soak in and trap heat .
Country-wide problem
Bangalore may be India 's most drastic example , but the short-sighted assault on greenery is nationwide . Making projections after comparing satellite images over decades , Ramachandra and their team also tell us that in 2030 , Kolkata 's vegetation will cover just 3.37 % of its area ( from 34 % in 1980 ) and Ahmedabad 's 3 % ( from 37 % in 1990 ) . By 2018 , Bhopal 's trees will cover 11 % of its area ( from 67 % in 1992 ) and Bangalore 's 14 % by 2020 ( from 46 % in 1992 ) .
The de-greening of India 's cities is creating water-starved heat islands , a slew of studies over the last two years indicate .
In this era of smart-city chatter , the pressures on urban India will be outsized . In the decade starting 2000 , India witnessed its greatest surge in urban population at 26 % – another datum I have used before . That is mild compared to what 's coming . India 's urban population growth rate will be 62 % between 2010 and 2020 and 108 % between 2020 and 2030 , according to United Nations population projections .
Destruction without a cause
The most disturbing part of the dying of gulmohars is that , despite the population and construction explosion , they do n't need to . Trees can remain a part of our cities as they go upward , lay down roads and built metro railways . But since Indian cities are governed not by mayors but by chief ministers – in Delhi 's case , the chief minister is really no more than a mayor – with few political stakes and a plethora of bureaucrats largely unanswerable to the public , there is no place for experts .
This was made amply clear in a series of stories in the Bangalore Mirror , recently , which said that India 's science city was “ done in by poor science ” and the `` vain arrogance on the part of the civic agencies '' , who `` blatantly '' ignored scientific advice and data pouring out of Bangalore 's diverse scientific institutions .
One of those experts is Ramachandra , who now predicts that 93 % of the city will be paved over in the next six years , making it poor in water but rich in greenhouse gases that warm it up and deprive its people of clean air and water . The city has ignored Ramachandra 's plans to rejuvenate its lakes . It has ignored an offer from its only Institute of Wood Science and Technology to help study and shore up the remaining avenue trees , especially vulnerable rain trees and gulmohars , the Bangalore Mirror reported .
Instead , the municipal corporation 's officials have no plans to continue a storied tradition of planning and planting avenues with trees , started in the 1920s by Gustav Krumbiegel , a German botanist hired by the Maharaja of Mysore , and continued by the inheritors of their legacy into the 1980s . The tree in favour in modern times is the royal palm , sterile to birds and bereft of shade-giving canopy .
`` Can Bengaluru [ the city 's new name ] survive ? '' the Bangalore Mirror asked . The old Bangalore is dead . The new Bengaluru and urban India will survive , of course , but as a hapless , haphazard and treeless conglomeration of densely packed lower and middle-class ghettoes , the rich sequestered – as they already are – in gated communities .
Rapid decline
That process is gathering pace in my neighbourhood . As the bungalows went down – it is foolish to expect them to stand forever – the first multi-storied constructions adhered to setbacks . That allowed many trees to be retained and breathing space between buildings . Today , the setback laws are ignored , and quiet tree-lined lanes of creeper- and flower-decked homes have become treeless , concrete , air-conditioned ghettos –artificially created heat islands in a city that once did not need even ceiling fans .
There were no fans in the old , stone house we moved into when I first came to Bangalore in 1969 . Every avenue was a shaded tunnel of rain trees and other towering , flowering species , each laying down their distinctive carpets of yellow , purple and red – the copperpod , the laburnum , the gulmohar , the jacaranda – when their time to bloom came .
Where once the eye surveyed an ocean of green from the air , there are now only patches , thanks largely to the Army , the church and older academic institutions , custodians of the last trees . There are still a few avenues with rain-tree tunnels and gulmohars , but it is hard to shake the feeling that their end of days is at hand .
When we talked of moving back to Bangalore from Delhi five years ago , my wife had one condition : Do n't talk about the past , do n't go on about how there were beautiful bungalows on this road , trees on that road .
But they did agree that we should find a flat that at least gave us the illusion of the old Bangalore . It must have trees , we told our estate agent . After we rejected more than 20 houses , they gathered us up one fine day and charged into what is now our home . `` Dekho bhaijaan [ look , brother ] , '' they said in the local Dakhini language . `` Ek jhaad idhaar , ek udhaar , aur ketta jhaad hona tumna ? '' A tree here , a tree there , how many more do you want ?
Indeed , two floors up , sprawling rain trees on the streets outside shade most of our windows . Our living room patio is framed against the rich , pink blossoms of a now-rare Tabebuia rosea , a rosy trumpet tree in the compound of the house in front of us .
`` You know , that rosea will go sometime , when that house goes down , '' I told my wife on one windswept , cool evening ( we still have those , eight months of the year ) . Around us , a house seems to go down every month , sometimes two , as the concrete ghettos ring-fence us .
`` I know , '' they said .
And then what ? I asked .
They pointed to our rain trees . `` When they go , '' they said , `` So will we . ''
Samar Halarnkar is editor , IndiaSpend.org , a data-driven , public-interest journalism non-profit . This fortnightly column will track and interpret India 's transformation .
In a preview In a preview clip from Friday 's edition of their Netflix show , comedian Chelsea Handler strung together three minutes worth of jokes about the Trump administration being racist that included some strange claims .
Handler 's show , which can actually be entertaining , often blends news and comedy in a fashion not dissimilar to what 's done on `` The Daily Show '' or `` Saturday Night Live 's '' Weekend Update segment . In fact , the clip released ahead of Friday 's episode follows those formats pretty closely .
The segment is supposed to function as a darkly humorous explainer on various kinds of racism in modern America . As Handler tackled the Ku Klux Klan , they said Trump `` likes '' David Duke `` because they enjoy anything that might wizz on him . ''
Inspired comedy , but misleading to viewers who would assume that joke was based on Trump actually expressing affection for Duke , a man they have repeatedly disavowed . That particular quip , however , is less questionable than what followed .
`` Fun fact , '' Handler added moments later , `` Donald Trump 's dad was arrested after a Klan rally in 1927 , which means Donald Trump has racism in their genes ... ''
Here , Handler explicitly presents as `` fact '' something that 's both misleading and not factual at all . The Washington Examiner 's Eddie Scarry Here , Handler explicitly presents as `` fact '' something that 's both misleading and not factual at all.TheWashington Examiner'sEddie Scarry set the record straight on this unsubstantiated rumor just last month . Fred Trump was arrested after a riot broke out during a 1927 Memorial Day parade in Queens during which `` Klan members ignored instructions not to attend wearing their white robes . '' They were held `` on a charge of refusing to disperse from a parade when ordered to do so '' and discharged . After this information resurfaced in light of Trump 's new political career , it was presented deceptively by some in the press .
`` It 's not clear from the context what role Fred Trump played in the brawl , '' Philip Bump of the Washington Post was sure to note in their article on the topic .
Handler , on the other hand , presented it in such a way that viewers would be left with the impression the elder Trump was a racist who attended and got arrested at Klan rallies . Again , if the story is even correct , Trump did n't go to a `` Klan rally , '' but a Memorial Day parade in their neighborhood in which ( as happened in those days ) the Klan had a presence . When a brawl broke out , they were arrested for failing to disperse and then discharged .
But I guess that does n't make for such a good setup when you want to joke about the president having `` racism in their genes . ''
Handler later transitioned into explaining that `` black white supremacists '' are `` black people who think white people are better than them . ''
Among the people the comedian believes qualify as `` black white supremacists ? '' Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson , a celebrated neurosurgeon and philanthropist with their own children 's charities . The man has a superior mind , superior skills , and superior accomplishments to just about anyone you can put up against him . The decision to toss them into that category is based on ... what , their political disagreements with a white comedian ?
Fact-checking comedians is for killjoys . But Handler is a self-styled political commentator these days , who 's mocked both `` Fact-checking comedians is for killjoys . But Handler is a self-styled political commentator these days , who 's mocked both `` fake news `` and `` alternative facts `` to take digs at the president . If they want to operate in a framework that blends comedy with news delivery , they owe it to their viewers to present the facts responsibly . And if they want to criticize politicians and conservative media outlets for misleading people , they should evaluate their own act first .
Emily Jashinsky is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner .
North American licensing company Sentai Filmworks announced on Thursday that it has licensed the Devil Survivor 2 The Animation television anime series . The company noted it will release the series digitally with a home video release to follow later this year . Crunchyroll is currently streaming the series outside of Japan as it airs .
The anime series adapts Atlus ' Shin Megami Tensei : Devil Survivor 2 Nintendo DS role-playing game . In the story , 13 Devil Messengers face the end of the world by mysterious invaders in seven days .
Seiji Kishi ( Persona 4 The Animation ) is directing the series , and Yoshimichi Hirai is the assistant director at the studio Bridge . Makoto Uezu is in charge of the series scripts , and Kotaro Nakagawa ( Zettai Karen Children ) is scoring the music . livetune featuring Fukase ( from the band End of the World/Sekai no Owari ) is performing the opening theme song `` Take Your Way , '' and the Japanese hip-hop group Song Riders is performing the ending theme song `` Trauma / Be . '' The producer kz has used Hatsune Miku vocals under their unit name livetune in the past ; while they have contributed opening theme songs before , this is their first under the livetune name .
Atlus USA released the original Shin Megami Tensei : Devil Survivor Nintendo DS game in June 2009 in North America , and then released the enhanced port titled Shin Megami Tensei : Devil Survivor Overclocked in August 2011 . Atlus released the Devil Survivor 2 video game in Japan in July 2011 , and then Atlus USA released the game in North America in February 2012 . Suzuhito Yasuda ( Durarara ! ! , Yozakura Quartet ) drew the main character designs for all three games . The second game will be ported to the Nintendo 3DS system this summer under the name Devil Survivor 2 : Break Code .
The original Devil Survivor game also inspired a manga adaptation from Satoru Matsuba ( WARASIBE ) that launched in Kodansha 's Monthly Shonen Sirius magazine last May .
The series premiered on April 4 in Japan on MBS ' `` Animeism '' programming block .
A man has been charged with trying to disarm a Chicago police officer while resisting arrest Saturday morning in the city 's Lake View neighborhood.A motorist alerted officers on patrol of an ongoing battery on the 900 block of West Belmont at approximately 3:05 a.m. Saturday , Chicago police said.After arriving on the scene , a 29-year-old woman pointed to a man , identified by police as 29-year-old Lamar Brown , who they said struck them with a closed fist , police said . While attempting to arrest Brown , they resisted and tried to disarm one of the officers , police said.After Brown was placed into custody , a 30-year-old man told police that before they arrived , Brown tried to steal their wristwatch and punched them as well as punching a 29-year-old woman who tried to intervene , police said . Both refused medical attention at the scene.One of the responding officers was treated for non-life threatening injuries at Illinois Masonic Medical Center and released.Brown has been charged with attempted robbery , two counts of aggravated battery in a public place , attempt to disarm a peace officer and resisting arrest .
We , the undersigned faculty , write to protest the University 's decisions to overturn Michelle Jones 's admission to the Ph.D. program in History and to rescind a fellowship offer to Chelsea Manning at the Kennedy School . With both decisions , Harvard has prioritized political expediency over scholarly values . Rather than stand on principle and procedure , Harvard has undermined the pursuit of its core academic mission by acting out of fear of negative publicity .
From what we have been able to glean from the public record , the decisions in these cases have been made not by following standardized procedure , but by reacting in an ad hoc manner to a climate of anxiety and intimidation . With Michelle Jones , the administration took the highly unusual step of overturning the History Department 's decision to admit Jones to its doctoral program . In doing so , it not only violated departmental autonomy in evaluating and admitting students , it disregarded the labor and expertise of its faculty . Faculty of Arts and Sciences administrators appear to have arrived at this decision not because they questioned the Department 's judgment of Jones 's scholarly merits , but out of concern over a potential backlash for admitting a formerly incarcerated student to the University . This comes at a time when mass incarceration and criminal justice reform are of utmost scholarly importance in a number of academic disciplines , including history .
In the case of Chelsea Manning , there was more overt intimidation by the federal government . Central Intelligence Agency director Mike Pompeo cancelled an appearance at Harvard and former deputy director Mike Morell resigned their own visiting fellowship , both in protest at what the two men described as the honoring of a “ traitor. ” The same day , Dean of the Kennedy School Douglas W. Elmendorf rescinded Manning 's offer while retaining former Trump administration press secretary Sean Spicer , notorious for their mendacity and attacks on the press , and former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , captured on film assaulting a female reporter , as visiting fellows .
Each of these cases posed the question of how to address the lasting stigma following Jones and Manning due to their convictions on charges of murder and espionage , respectively . In each case , the administration appears to have allowed the fear of public opinion and political interference to determine its actions . But we are educators committed to the open , critical exchange of ideas . Rather than allowing these women to come to campus and speak for themselves , the administration accepted as true the account of events provided by the prosecuting attorneys and acted at their behest .
Universities should set an example to follow . Instead of bowing to pressure , they should have the courage to take principled stances , especially when it is politically impractical to do so . This is particularly the case for institutions like Harvard that have the standing and resources to withstand public and political backlash .
Advertisement
Ironically , the administration 's choice to play it safe has only augmented the public outcry . Nathan J. Heller '06 , a former Crimson editor , argued in the New Yorker that , in rejecting Jones and Manning , Harvard has shown itself to be more in the “ image business ” than the “ ideas business. ” James Forman , a Yale law professor , went further , arguing that Harvard 's stance on Jones aligns it with a societal mainstream that pays mere lip service to rehabilitation . “ Mass incarceration and its never-ending human toll will be with us , ” Forman wrote in the New York Times , until we choose a just society over “ permanent civic death. ” “ N.Y.U . 's acceptance of Michelle Jones is an example of an institution leading the way toward a more forgiving nation , ” they continued , while “ Harvard 's rejection of them shows just how far we still have to go . ”
These sentiments are echoed within the University . A group of History Ph.D. students who would have been Jones 's peers condemned , in The New York Times , the University 's “ hypocrisy and cowardice ” in “ reinforc [ ing ] the institutional barriers and social stigmas that sustain mass incarceration in the United States and that disproportionately affect communities of color. ” Such reactions speak to how starkly these decisions contradict Harvard 's own expressed support for socially vulnerable populations , be they minorities , Dreamers , the poor , or the formerly incarcerated .
These are contentious and fearful times . At times such as these , our institution must adhere to its research and teaching mission and stand by its own stated values of intellectual excellence , equal opportunity , open debate , and non-discrimination . Accordingly , we ask that the administration immediately do the following :
First , cooperate with the faculties of the various divisions to add “ criminal history ” to the University 's existing non-discrimination policies , including those governing financial aid .
Second , support Harvard faculty interested in prison education . This could involve giving faculty teaching credit for participating in programs such as the one that Emerson College conducts at the Massachusetts Correctional Institution in Concord , or supporting faculty in an initiative to offer for-credit courses in nearby prisons .
Finally , invite Chelsea Manning to a public forum to discuss their work and advocacy for LGBTQ rights .
These steps will go some distance towards ensuring that , in the future , our University does not allow a misguided and moralistic notion of indelible stigma—or a fear of media controversy—to divert us from our core values .
Joyce E. Chaplin is the James Duncan Phillips Professor of Early American History and Chair of American Studies . Jason Beckfield is Professor of Sociology and Chair of the Sociology Department . Khalil Gibran Muhammad is Professor of History , Race , and Public Policy at the Harvard Kennedy School and the Suzanne Young Murray Professor at the Radcliffe Institute .
This op-ed has been signed by 159 faculty members . Their names can be found here .
Charles Claude Théveneau was the self-created Chevalier de Morande and a gutter journalist , blackmailer , and French spy . They were born in 1748 and was the son of a well-respected lawyer . They were educated at Dijon but spent much of their youth misbehaving and being uncontrollable . Their father decided Morande needed to join the Dragoons , and at the age of eighteen , Morande headed off to war and served six years in the French army .
The Chevalier de Morande was described as “ five foot three inches … with chestnut hair , blue eyes and a large nose … physically large , powerfully built. ” [ 1 ] After they served their time in the military , they drifted to Paris where they wasted away their time drinking , committing petty crimes , and attracting the attention of police . A lettre de cachet was the result , and they were imprisoned for fifteen months in the Bastille .
After their release from the Bastille , the Chevalier de Morande left France for England . In England , Morande found work as a pamphleteer and journalist . They soon attacked the chancellor of France , René Nicolas Charles Augustin de Maupeou , and thoroughly sullied the man 's reputation and threatened an attack of Louis XV 's mistress , Madame du Barry , in the form of Mémoires secrets d'une femme publique ( Secret Memoirs of a Public Woman ) . The government then sent Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais , a French polymath , to negotiate with Morande . Beaumarchais was successful and Morande suppressed the libelle for a pension . However , when Louis XV died and Louis XVI began to reign , Louis XVI discontinued the pension resulting in Morande publishing a racy account of Louis XV 's court .
Morande 's racy account appeared in Le Gazetier Cuirassé , which was published in 1771 , and people then said of Morande that they “ could burrow in the dark places of London , thence to sting those in France who were supposed to be vulnerable or rich. ” [ 2 ] Among those stung besides Madame du Barry , was the wife of a French aristocrat , who Morande claimed was having sex with their butler . They also alleged certain noble women had syphilis and that the disease was causing their teeth and hair to fall out . Besides the pornographic allegations , Morande also made various political criticisms and alleged all sorts of government corruption .
Morande 's antics and allegations in the press at times resulted in people challenging them to duels . For instance , in 1778 , Morande made allegations against the wife the editor of the Morning Post . The editor 's name was Bates . Bates in turn challenged Morande to duel and met them in Hyde Park at five o'clock one morning . The duel did not go well for Morande . They were wounded , and , in the end , they agreed they should not have attacked the character of Bate 's wife and promised to “ make all Reparation in their Power [ to correct the situation ] . ” [ 3 ]
Another duel was set to occur when the Chevalier d'Eon issued Morande a challenge . The Chevalier d'Eon was a French diplomat , spy , and freemason who appeared publicly as a man for forty-nine years and then claimed they were female and began dressing as a woman . Rumors began to circulate as to d'Eon 's true sex , and the rumors allegedly resulted in Morande wagering on d'Eon 's sex . Reputedly , Morande was poised to acquire huge sums if d'Eon was proven a woman , and in order for Morande to win their wager , it was claimed they were willing to commit fraud . A challenge by d'Eon to Morande was the result , but in the end , no duel occurred as the two men made amends .
In 1781 , the Chevalier de Morande became a French spy in conjunction with their job as an editor working for Beaumarchais 's Courier de l'Europe . The Courier de l'Europe was a London-based , French-language newspaper that acquired the reputation of being an authority about continental news . One historian wrote about this time period stating :
“ He [ Morande ] was suddenly an agent in France 's secret war on behalf of the Americans and a spy in London 's French exile community , who between 1774 and 1775 denounced several scandalous anti-Bourbon pamphlets . By June 1774 , Beaumarchais … [ noted of Morande ] ‘ He is … a poacher whom I have turned into a good gamekeeper , and in many cases is , and will be , very useful to the interests of the King . ' However , despite Beaumarchais ' recommendation , Louis XVI preferred not to employ Morande directly . They remained Beaumarchais ' agent alone. ” [ 4 ]
As a spy , Morande proved to be no further problem to the French monarch , and , in May of 1791 , Morande returned to Paris . Morande then began to edit a newspaper supportive of the constitutional monarchy . In September of 1792 , Parisian revolutionaries were terrified that foreign and royalist armies would free Parisian prison inmates and that the freed inmates would join with the foreigners and royalist army to attack Parisians . Parisians reacted by killing many prisoners and anyone suspected of not be supportive to their cause . This wave of killings became known as the September Massacres . After these massacres , Morande was arrested , never charged , and released . They subsequently retired to their family estate in Burgundy and died there on 6 July 1805 .
Understanding Morande and their colorful past , is best summed up by historian Simon Burrows who stated :
“ The Chevalier de Morande 's worthy nineteenth-century biographer , Paul Robiquet , depicts Morande as a cynical mercenary . According to Robiquet , Morande libelled merely for money , spied for payment , and presumably ( for it has never been proved ) returned to France in 1791 at the Court 's bequest in return for hard cash . Their influence on the origins of the revolution was purely opportunistic ( the Gazetier Cuirassé ) and their role in the revolution merely that of an agent of the counter-revolutionary. ” [ 5 ]
References :
[ 1 ] Burrows , Simon , A King 's Ransom , 2010 , p. 6 .
[ 2 ] The Edinburgh Review , Or Critical Journal , Volume 110 , 1859 , p. 509 .
[ 3 ] Burrows , 2010 , p. 99 .
[ 4 ] Ibid. , p. 75 .
[ 5 ] Burrows , Simon , “ A Literary Low-Life Reassessed : Charles Theveneau de Morande in London , 1769-1791 , ” in Eighteenth-Century Life , Volume 22 , February 1998 .
Related
Google+ Comments
More information is coming out about what led the FBI to declare Sunday 's Sikh temple shooting an act of domestic terrorism .
According to the Los Angeles Times , tattoos plus “ certain biographical details ” were the source of that conclusion . A representative of the Sikh congregation , Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , told CNN that “ members described the attacker as a bald , white man , dressed in a white T-shirt and black pants and with a 9/11 tattoo on one arm . ”
There has already been widespread speculation that the shooter may have intent on committing an anti-Islamic hate crime but confused Sikhs with Muslims because of their turbans . Kaleka pointed out that “ maybe it 's because the ladies were fortunate enough to dodge it out , but so far most of the people I 've heard have been shot and killed were all turbaned males . ”
An unidentified federal official , however , told the Times that there was not yet enough evidence to conclude that the gunman was a member of a hate group or other group dedicated to violence . “ The investigation will have to continue to see and determine the motive , ” the official stated “ We do n't know much about the motive at this point . ”
Photo of a 9/11 tattoo by omarali.md via Flickr
Tens of thousands of protesters streamed out of New York City 's Washington Square Park on Saturday to protest the killings of unarmed black people by police officers , as part of the `` Millions March NYC . ''
The crowd began to wind its way through Manhattan . A large labor union contingent was present , including members of the Communications Workers of America wearing red shirts and AFL-CIO supporters waving blue signs .
In contrast to other marches over the past weeks , this large , orderly demonstration took place during the day . A number of families with children took part , and demonstrators followed a pre-planned route . The march made its way uptown to Herald Square , then looped back downtown , with thunderous chants of `` Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! '' and `` Justice ! Now ! '' echoing down Broadway . The demonstration culminated at One Police Plaza , the New York City Police Department 's Lower Manhattan headquarters .
Organizers estimated that 30,000 demonstrators participated in the march . The NYPD told The Huffington Post that , as of the official end of the march , no arrests had been made .
Protesters held up 8 panels depicting Eric Garner 's eyes , created by an artist known as JR. `` The eyes were chosen as the most important part of the face , '' said Tony Herbas of Bushwick , an assistant to the artist .
Ron Davis , whose son Jordan was shot dead by a man in Florida after an argument over loud music , was at the head of the march .
`` We have to make everybody accountable , '' Davis told HuffPost . `` You ca n't continue to see videos of chokeholds , videos of kids getting shot in the back , and say it 's all right . We have to make sure we have an independent investigator investigate these crimes that police carry out . ''
Michael Dunn , the man who killed Jordan , was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life without parole in October . Davis said Saturday that Dunn 's conviction proves it 's possible that justice can be served in racially charged cases .
`` We ended up getting a historic movement in Jacksonville , '' Davis said . `` We had an almost all-white jury , with seven white men , convict a white man for shooting down an unarmed boy of color . ''
Also at the front of the march were New York City Councilman Ydanis Rodriguez and New York state Assemblyman-elect Charles Barron .
Matthew Brown , a 19-year-old who is African-American and Hispanic , marched down Broadway with their mother , aunt and other family members .
`` I 'm trying to support a movement that really needs young people like myself , '' said Brown . `` I 'm here to speak for Mike Brown . ''
The teenager said part of their motivation for making the trek from West Orange , New Jersey , with their family was their own personal experience . He 's encountered racist verbal abuse from police in Jersey City , they said , who have called them `` spic '' and monkey . ''
Citing the cases of Michael Brown , Eric Garner and Tamir Rice , Brown said part of the reason they wanted to speak out was because of the way police represent encounters with African-Americans . `` I just see so many lies after lies . ''
They also attended the People 's Climate March in September . But this march felt more intense to him . `` This is one that 's really affecting people on a deep , emotional level , '' Brown said .
Krystal Martinez , a 23-year-old schoolteacher , said they attended the march to send a simple message : `` I do n't want my students ' names chanted at any of these events . ''
Because they teach at a charter school that serves students from Bedford-Stuyvesant and Crown Heights , Martinez said , they were painfully aware of the challenges black youth face in interactions with police .
Martinez , a Harlem resident , pointed to a sign held by a colleague with a quote from a 13-year-old girl who had been stopped by police : `` The first time I was stopped and frisked I was so scared I did n't leave my house for a week . ''
`` Eighty-five percent of my students are black and this is their lives , '' Martinez said , emphasizing that they spoke for themselves and not their school . `` I 'm out here because of my kids . ''
Some protesters arrived with concrete policy proposals . Marcia Dupree , a homecare supervisor , came bearing a sign that read , `` We must change the law ... no grand jury ! ! ! ''
`` The root of the problem , '' Dupree said , was the closeness between grand juries and police . In the wake of two grand juries ' decisions not to indict officers in the Michael Brown and Eric Garner deaths , the idea of abolishing the institution has gotten a lot of attention from both the media and policymakers , including the chairperson of Missouri 's Legislative Black Caucus .
Dupree added that she 'd never really considered themselves much of an activist before . Serving on the board of their local library in Mount Vernon , New York , was `` as political as I got . '' But they said they have been moved to protest out of concern for their 13-year-old daughter -- who was marching in crutches by their side -- and their 21-year-old son .
`` I feel like I need to stand up , '' said Dupree . `` It could be my son . ''
At times , the march blurred surreally with Santacon -- the sloshy daytime celebration of Christmas ( and drinking ) that New Yorkers hate on every year .
A number of Santacon participants joined the march . Others were less enthusiastic . `` I love cops , seriously , '' one man in a Santa cap told an impassive officer . `` I hate these people . '' Then they walked off with their fellow revelers .
Saturday 's day of action came in response to two separate grand jury decisions not to indict police officers for killing unarmed black men . On Nov. 24 , a St. Louis County grand jury voted not to indict Police Officer Darren Wilson , who fatally shot Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Less than two weeks later , a Staten Island grand jury declined to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who killed Eric Garner by putting them in a chokehold .
Brown 's death on Aug. 9 triggered months of protests in Ferguson against police killings -- protests that have since spread nationwide .
One group of marchers turned into a street protest choir , singing , `` We 're not gon na stop , until people are free . ''
Beneva Davies , a 23-year-old Harlem resident who lent their voice to the group , said the most singing they usually do is in the shower .
`` It 's not really about your voice , '' Davies said . `` It 's about your voice , right ? ''
Davies 's family hails from Sierra Leone and Ghana , and they grew up in Massachusetts . Sometimes , they say , they see a `` disconnect '' between recent African immigrants and the African-American descendants of slaves .
But they try to push back against that disconnect , they said , because `` at end of the day it 's what you 're seen as . ''
Davies saw the march as their chance to answer the question of what they would have done if they had been alive during the civil rights protests led by Martin Luther King Jr .
After hundreds of years of slavery , Jim Crow and more , Davies said , `` People continue to get killed . ... It 's frustrating . We have to be here so people can see it . ''
Sebastian Murdock contributed reporting .
This story has been updated .
Hello there fellow Citizens ! Check here for our notes from episode 41 of Reverse the ‘ Verse !
Notes
– Will Lewis is gone . They miss him , they did a great job . They 're adapting , right now .
– FPS module – Travis is there working on polish . The best indication of how it 's going is that they 're putting together a design post about it , and they 're getting screenshots ready for it in seconds .
– Sneak Peek for this week was the Starfarer .
– 1.1a is Very close . QA is looking at a build right now . It 's at the point where it 's on the PTU , but not yet public . More information hopefully later today .
– The increase in people playing has been great . Concurrency has doubled since PAX and SXSW , which is helping reveal lots of flaws . Guys in Austin are doing a great job trying to fix it . The increase in players has been invaluable . More people playing equals more people breaking it , which will equal a better game in the future .
– GamesCom – Expect news by the end of next week hopefully .
– Citizen Con news – In about a month . Working on cool stuff for this .
– They did a post-mortem on their last events , but they think , especially PAX East , there was n't enough to do . Were n't enough staff or giveaways or anything . So they 're putting together more interesting stuff for Gamescom and Citizen Con .
– Expect to see more from Frankfurt soon – Ben just got a cut of the ‘ inside Frankfurt ' video today , that has to be approved first , but we should be getting it…if not this week then next week .
– Was the Vanguard being fast tracked for SQ42 ? – Ben 's not sure if it 's set to appear in SQ42 . It was n't really fast tracked , it came in at the same time as the Hull series , it 's the first of the Wave 4 , Hull is last of Wave 3 , and hull 's just taking longer because they 're turning it into a whole series of ships . Vanguard just happened to nudge ahead .
– Apart from the Hull , what are the next two concepts ? Ben ca n't say yet , because they do n't know offhand , and it 's going to be a bit of a race . Concept going on Reliant , Endeavour , Crucible , etc… Four or five out for concept right now .
– The Community team gets frustrated with the community sometimes , but it 's still the best job in the world . They really believe in what they 're doing , and they believe that the work they do matters . They 're usually not very stressed .
– Corvette concept sale this year ? – TBD
– Santa Monica and Turbulent do n't have their monthly updates in yet .
– Illfonic are a bit busy , that 's why their monthly update is n't in yet .
– Update on the Merlin – soon-ish . It 's needed , so it 'll be coming soon .
– No updates on Carrack – Still waiting on technical designer .
– No known Herald variants .
– Endeavour is in the process of being concepted .
– No deliberate separation of module releases per se . Many things to take into consideration .
– Vanguard getting some changes based on feedback – something very minor though .
– Endeavour – wave 4 concept ships . It 's the hospital sized science platform . It 's a bigger ship – very modular , so it can take multiple roles . Science is a broad term . It can do research , help with mining , scan things , very modular so it can have a lot of different roles .
– The Trout concept sale has been pushed back indefinitely .
– There will be a “ real ” vault update today .
– We will learn more about Wave 4 ships as they come online .
– No idea of water hangars will happen or not .
– 1.1a is adding the Gladiator
– The Herald is looking good – it 's being put in engine now .
– No news on if the Idris will be locked so it ca n't be gifted – something about federal gifting laws .
– Cutlass is being reworked in Foundry 42 – variants will be adapted after the Black is done .
– More Empire Reports are going to be filmed at the YouTube stage soon .
– James broke the aspect ration on this week 's RtV . [ Will used to set up the stream . ]
– Vanguard does not come with torpedoes ‘ Torps ' by default .
– News on the Phoenix in the near future – Constellation 's being worked on right now .
– They 're talking about how Star Citizen is a cake .
– Now it 's a burrito . AC is beef , FPS is cheese . Something something .
– The 100gb thing went ‘ viral ' . If you go back to the initial post , he 's saying it COULD be bigger than 30 gigs . There is NO guarantee that the game will be a 100 gig game . There 'll be many variables when it 's finished – how much is stored locally , how much is streamed , etc…
– 3 year sub perks going out today .
– Jenny is here ! ( in Santa Monica )
– The inside of the Cutlass is changing , they posted previews of that a few weeks back .
– SXSW skins will be put up in the store…as soon as Turbulent can put them up .
– Minimum age for Gamescom is probably 18 , but they 'll check and let us know .
– Next Friday – details on GamesCom event .
– Sandi and Ben will dogfight in two weeks .
– The Caterpillar probably wo n't be able to grow and shrink by adding/removing modules . Ben forgot the Caterpillar existed ( this does not mean everyone did… just them briefly . They are going to check up on its progress . )
– Star Marine hoodie will available in the next month or two .
– Baseball hats will be available in the next few weeks .
– Star Map ETA – Chris is making it a priority .
– Jenny is in charge of social media . ‘ Synergistic Synergy ! Paradigm ! Metrics ! '
– No update on the Merchantman .
– Boarding – The FPS module… BUT IN YOUR SHIP ! Latch on and get on board .
– No current plans for an event in Asia . Notoriously hard sell in Asia , so…yeah . Agitate for it , if you 're in the region . People have to tell CIG they want them there , for them to go somewhere .
– Avenger variants are not forgotten or lost .
– There is a little bit of space in the Vanguard for cargo… not much and not dedicated to cargo .
– October 10th is CitizenCon in Manchester , UK .
– They 're going to do something up in Montreal later this summer .
– Xi'An Volper bomber in concept .
– FPS will launch with Zero-G arena combat .
– They 're working on Esports modes for Arena Commander .
– Alexis is doing an interview with Behaviour next week .
– Next Deep Dive Design post is either tomorrow or next week - > FPS-related . Stance and Breathing stuff
– Systems will be in place to prevent insurance fraud .
– Any ship will be CCUable in the future . The system is in development with Behaviour . Direct paths from every ship to every other ship . ( still needs to be flyable )
– Year 3 subscriber rewards will be going up today .
– Org 2.0 is still in development . Chris wants to make it more of a priority to get done . Org Logs and such . Some things might come earlier than other .
– More weapons in VD soon .
– Research and development on Planetary procedural generation underway .
– CIG have no plans for Pax Prime so far .
– More T-shirts coming but not soon .
– Chris Roberts leaving this Saturday for Manchester . They will be gone for a few months to direct the performance capture shoot for Squadron 42 .
– Space Plant , GamesCom 2014 trophy , and much more are in the works .
– Cities will be fairly large on Planetside .
– In the early days at Santa Monica , Travis Day did everything… PC setup , payroll , everything .
– Is Star Citizen going to be awesome ? It will be awesome .
Mitt Romney came under fire this weekend from Democrats after they suggested that we should n't hire more firefighters . Then top Romney surrogate John Sununu , the former governor of New Hampshire , doubled down on Romney 's firefighter comments today , telling MSNBC they were not a “ gaffe. ” This is hardly the first time the presumed GOP nominee has tangled with firefighters .
In fact , they have a long , bitter history with them . As governor of Massachusetts , Romney often ended up sparring with firefighters and their unions . They proposed stripping collective bargaining rights for firefighters and police officers in a city that needed a state bailout , and cut funding to a fire station to be built on the site where six firefighters died . They also proposed tripling the state police budget to deal with homeland security concerns in the years after 9/11 , but did n't offer a dime for firefighters , angering many at the time .
Advertisement :
In 2004 , when the city of Springfield was facing bankruptcy , Romney proposed a $ 52 million bailout package that included suspending collective bargaining and civil service benefits for the city 's unions , including public safety officers . `` He hates us , '' Robert McCarthy , the president of the Professional firefighters of Massachusetts , told the Associated Press at the time . `` Unions are what made this state what it is , ” they said , but Romney “ wo n't even talk to us . '' Romney spokesperson Nicole St. Peter defended the suspension of union benefits , telling the AP that the `` control board ” the governor appointed to oversee the city 's finances “ needs maximum flexibility to restore Springfield 's financial footing. ” The Democratic-controlled state Legislature eventually overrode Romney and preserved the bargaining rights , though the control board remained controversial in the city .
It 's worth noting that stripping the union rights of firefighters was further than Wisconsin Gov . Walker was willing to go ; they exempted public safety workers from their reforms . But when Walker 's fellow Republican Gov . John Kasich of Ohio went after police and firefighters ' union rights , they were rebuffed by voters in a referendum last year .
In Massachusetts , Romney also cut state funding for a new fire station to be built in Worcester on the site of a notorious building fire that killed six local firefighters in 1999 . The state had earmarked $ 2 million for the project , but Romney cut it , saying the local governments , and not the state , should pay for such projects . Eventually , the governor agreed to $ 1 million of funds , but only after a local uproar .
Frank Raffa , president of local firefighters union , “ said local firefighters were insulted by the governor 's action , ” the Worcester Telegram & Gazette reported in September of 2004 . Worcester Mayor Timothy Murray said Romney showed `` a lack of understanding '' about how the community was affected by the deaths of the firefighters at Worcester Cold Storage and Warehouse Co. building several years earlier . `` This is the final resting site of our heroes , '' said state Rep. Vincent Pedone , a Democrat from Worcester . `` This site can not be a drive-through McDonald 's . ''
Before that , Romney proposed increasing the size of the state police 's homeland security budget from $ 850,000 to $ 2.7 million . But it gave nothing to firefighters , port security or other agencies involved in efforts to respond to disasters . Lexington Fire Lt. Ken Donnelly , then the secretary-treasurer of the state firefighters ' union , told the AP in January of 2004 that it was `` outrageous '' that fire services were being `` ignored . '' They noted that firefighters were critical in responding to terror attacks and the post-9/11 anthrax scares .
Harold Schaitberger , the president of the International Association of Firefighters , which represents about 300,000 firefighters , told Salon that Romney 's comment Friday was not unexpected . “ It does n't surprise us at all . It 's very consistent with our experience with them and their view about our responsibility to keep our communities safe . Their actions as governor , as candidate for president , have made it clear that he 's willing to jeopardize the safety of our communities , ” they said .
Advertisement :
Schaitberger said Romney , as governor , also line-item vetoed budget items to provide firefighting gear , including protective clothing , radios and infrared devices to search for victims in smoke . In March , Schaitberger 's group produced an ad attacking Romney for opposing a federal program created by President Obama to provide local communities with funds to hire back firefighters laid off during the recession .
McCarthy , the state union president who fought Romney in the Springfield row , drew a historical comparison to another former Massachusetts governor . “ This is the first time since Calvin Coolidge that a relationship this bad has existed between the governor and the unions , ” they told the AP in 2004 . Coolidge used state troops to crush unions in 1919 when the police were on strike . An anti-union Republican with national ambitions , Coolidge later became president . Indeed , McCarthy 's comparison may prove prescient .
The media narrative of whites lashing out against other groups as Donald Trump rose to become president-elect is the leading irritant stirring unrest across the U.S. , former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum suggested Tuesday evening during a televised forum .
Addressing the spike in hate crimes since Trump was elected on Nov. 8 , Santorum called out the media , including the two CNN commentators they were sitting with , for focusing on what they called `` whitelash . ''
`` I think frankly , when people like Ana Navarro and Van Jones get up and talk about whitelash and how Donald Trump hates Muslims , and all of the negative things the press is spewing out about what Trump is going to do — that 's got people more worked up than anything else , '' Santorum said .
Navarro retorted , `` So you think when Van and I highlight some of this stuff it 's 'hate-spewing ? ' ''
`` It is , '' Santorum replied .
Navarro continued , asking , then , whether it was hate speech when Trump , during their campaign , referred to undocumented Mexican immigrants as `` rapists '' and criminals . ''
`` It 's not related to what Trump wants to do , '' Santorum said .
The exchange took part during `` The Messy Truth , '' CNN 's special program devoted to exploring voters ' feelings about President-elect Trump one month after they won the election .
Jones , who was hosting the event , also confronted Santorum on race isues .
`` Maybe in your world these issues came up because [ President ] Obama was bringing them in , '' Jones said to Santorum . `` But in our world , we worry about these issues everyday . I 'm raising two boys , we struggle with these issues , we see the ways that our kids are sometimes treated versus others . ''
`` I do n't think the president brought these issues forward . I think that the issues have been with us for a long time , '' they added .
The event also included progressive filmmaker Michael Moore .
Those who are playing Watch Dogs early should be aware of this game breaking bug , which happens randomly but when it does , you lose all your in-game progress including skills , weapons , outfits and more . This bug was originally reported on the official Watch Dogs support forums , and so far , we have got confirmation of the bug appearing for users on the PC and Xbox One . It seems to be rather random but when it happens , you ca n't do anything to recover your progress , since even loading old saves wo n't solve this issue . The user who reported this issue had the following to say regarding its occurrence .
Got discovered and killed while tailing someone , respawned in free roam , all my weapons were gone , outfit was default , and all my skills ( crafting and such that I had unlocked to date ) were still unlocked in the skill tree , but I could not use them .
Ubisoft did contact that user and asked them for details . They were apparently playing the Xbox One version but we ca n't really isolate this bug to a single platform as it happened on other platforms as well .
Another user confirmed that they got the same game breaking bug , but they were playing it on PC and it happened in multiplayer .
after i got defeaded in an oberservation match ( i was the attacker and got knocked of meele style ) cant play multiplayer anymore , cant use “ old ” guns mainly i miss the silenced one , all small hideouts are gone , my character is smashing car windows again but no alarm goes off , cant open gates anymore .
Hopefully Ubisoft can fix this issue in the game before its official release . Even if the users that are affected by this bug are minor , this can be a potentially big issue as more players get their hands on the final version of the game . We can expect a patch to fix this issue soon , so we wo n't have to completely start our game again .
Have you encountered any such glitch during your playthrough of Watch Dogs ? Let us know in the comments below .
One being , while scrolling through Facebook this morning I saw a post on a Cerebral Palsy Page , it was a woman asking for advice regarding their son 's new splits . I felt the need to comment but refrained through fear it would be seen as negative . I can not believe children are still recommended to wear those torturous devices ! As a child I was forced to wear these daily and can still very vividly remember the blisters , rubbing , skin nipping almost 30 years later . I tried both fixed and jointed versions . 30 years later a stranger shares a picture of equipment that has been designed to aid their child and it looks exactly the same ! ! Has medical research not progressed in this time ? I guess it has n't for conditions that are caused by the unknown .
As a young child I had lots of physiotherapy , in fact I had a therapist that I vaguely remember would visit the house , their name was Chris . I was very young and VERY stubborn . My memory tells me that I was n't their biggest fan . However , my mother tells me they were brilliant . Needless to say they were key in me gaining my mobility and eventually learning to walk – I remember doing lots of ‘ bridging ' ( laying on my back on the floor and lifting my bum up ) . We also had a Child Development Centre on the hospital grounds , I also spent what ( even now ) feels like eternity at this place attending more physio sessions and seeing specialist Doctors that knew very little about CP . From here we would also attend Orthotics , I had specialist boots for a while . Then the dreaded white plastic Calipers . I had heel raises . Wedges put in my shoes . Did any of it do any good ? Not really . Maybe it all served some purpose , perhaps some support while my muscles developed . Personally , I just remember being uncomfortable and ridiculed at school . In the end I stopped wearing it all and just wore hi-tops or Converse .
Then as I turned 10/11 I was referred to a specialist at Sheffield Children 's Hospital . Here I was examined , poked , prodded and offered ‘ groundbreaking surgery ' . It was only really groundbreaking because it was unknown . But the promise of making me walk ‘ properly ' and stand straighter was tempting for everyone involved . I had my first surgery at the age of 12 . It was a multiple tendon release and muscle transfer on both legs and partial fusion of the hips . With all the great will in the world , it did n't work , in fact it made my walking more awkward and my body stiffer . I had another surgery at 13 years of age at the same hospital , similar procedure to the first , equally unsuccessful . I later found out that these operations were unsuccessful because I was too old and my muscles too developed . At 15 I had another surgery , this time back home at my local hospital , this one was more efficacious , I could plant my right foot flat to the floor for the first time since the original surgery . Slowly I gained some strength and was able to walk quite well for some years . The problem with these surgeries is that they are performed while the body is still developing . My right leg was stunted and is just over an inch shorter than the left so I have quite a pronounced gait . Another issue is that they do n't last forever , I had follow-up tendon releases at the age of 22 and 23 . At the point I promised myself no more surgeries . At some point enough is enough and the benefits no longer seem to out-weigh the trauma and recovery time . Yet here I am at 34 , almost 10 months post-op again , but if you are a reader of my blog , then you know all about that .
CP affects everyone differently and that is one of the biggest problems with treatments . The major issue I have with my body as I have aged is stiffness , personally , I believe I have benefited very little from surgical intervention . Having said that , without it who knows how good my mobility would be .
Over the years , I have gotten to know my body . What its limits are , what it can/ can not do . What treatments it likes to ease stiffness and spasms . Hot baths are my favourite , especially when it is cold out . Ice packs for swelling/oedema followed by heat treatment . Massage is also important , it helps relax the muscles and reduces the intensity of any spasms . Exercise is the most vital part of my wellbeing . Stretching and using my muscles keeps them strong . After all , stability is the key to remaining mobile .
Advertisements
Bernie Sanders has been winning about 68.9 % of the votes that are still being counted in Oregon !
Greetings , my beloved friends ! I have a special treat for you , today � and it has to do with the real numbers of the Oregon Primary that took place on Tuesday , the 17th .
First , a Bit About
How This Article Happened
I know that many of us ( me included ) felt somewhat disappointed by the Oregon results � we had hoped to win a bit bigger there . Indeed , I expected us to ! Alas � ! On the night of the 17th , around 60 % of the vote was reported very quickly ( those were the earlier mailed-in ballots ) � then , we watched as the percent of the reported votes crawled slowly up to around 92 % , at which point I collapsed from exhaustion around 4:30am . The next day , our numbers continued to rise ( but at a snails pace ! ) until the Associated Press was reporting that we had won Oregon with about 56 % of the vote , with about 93 % of precincts reporting . On the night of the 18th ( if I remember correctly ) , the % of precincts reporting stalled at 95.5 % and hasn�t moved since ( I�ve been watching it like a hawk ! ) .
Then , today � the 19th � I grew impatient !
I thought to myself , �I�m going to call the Oregon Board of Elections and see what�s taking them so long ! � Yesterday , at some point , I had learned that Oregon doesn�t have precincts ( because of our mail-in ballots ) and it therefore seemed odd that the AP was reporting that 95.5 % , or 955 out of 1000 precincts , was reporting .
much more ! :
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
this is a great article ! There is actual hope still ! UPDATE : The Oregon Primary Strikes Back ! Greetings , my beloved friends ! I have a special treat for you , today � and it has to do with the real numbers of the Oregon Primary that took place on Tuesday , the 17th.First , a Bit AboutHow This Article HappenedI know that many of us ( me included ) felt somewhat disappointed by the Oregon results � we had hoped to win a bit bigger there . Indeed , I expected us to ! Alas � ! On the night of the 17th , around 60 % of the vote was reported very quickly ( those were the earlier mailed-in ballots ) � then , we watched as the percent of the reported votes crawled slowly up to around 92 % , at which point I collapsed from exhaustion around 4:30am . The next day , our numbers continued to rise ( but at a snails pace ! ) until the Associated Press was reporting that we had won Oregon with about 56 % of the vote , with about 93 % of precincts reporting . On the night of the 18th ( if I remember correctly ) , the % of precincts reporting stalled at 95.5 % and hasn�t moved since ( I�ve been watching it like a hawk ! ) .Then , today � the 19th � I grew impatient ! I thought to myself , �I�m going to call the Oregon Board of Elections and see what�s taking them so long ! � Yesterday , at some point , I had learned that Oregon doesn�t have precincts ( because of our mail-in ballots ) and it therefore seemed odd that the AP was reporting that 95.5 % , or 955 out of 1000 precincts , was reporting.much more ! : https : //johnlaurits.com/2016/05/20/update-the-oregon-primary-strikes-back/ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- this is a great article ! There is actual hope still ! 33 Tweets
You are n't scared of Trump the person . Trump has been on this earth for 70 years and other than a general distaste for him , no one ever feared for their life because Trump walked the earth . They could do what they wanted because they did n't affect your life . They had no control over you . What you fear is the power they now wield .
What if government had no power over your personal life ?
Republicans felt the same way eight years ago when Obama was elected , only for them , it was gun rights and religious persecution . We all remember the mass hysteria that drove gun prices up 200 even 300 percent . Obama called them bitter clingers ; many others called them crazy right-wing conspiracy theorists .
Those of you on the progressive left fear Trump because they are going to have control over you . They have the power to affect your personal life and the lives of those you love and they have threatened to use that power in a way you find unthinkable .
But what if government had no power over your personal life ? What if Trump could make all the threats they wanted , but had no means to act on their evil desires ? See , everyone loves the benevolent dictator or even a brutal one , as long as their wrath is pointed in the other direction .
Everyone loves the advancement of their own personal agenda , as long as the not so nice parts are pointed elsewhere . We are far too quick to trade our freedoms and liberties on the promise that our compassionate leaders will crush our evil opposition . But every power used to control our political and social enemies can also be used to control us .
Progressives cheered Obama when they used their unilateral power of executive orders to fast track a left-wing agenda , circumventing our system of checks and balances , and blamed the other side for “ holding back progress ” and blocking government from “ doing more . ”
But now that same power rests in the hands of a man who may use it to persecute them . It 's scary . The liberties we trade for security and the powers we grant government are never returned . We , as a people , must be vigilant in ensuring that we are not tricked into trading away our individual liberties for the promise of a benevolent government , because one day that government may turn tyrannical and dictatorial .
Our philosophy is simple and just – we do n't hurt people and we do n't take their stuff .
So , whether you woke up the next morning with a renewed sense of hope , or one of deep despair , if we want to ensure that our elected officials never have the power to persecute those they serve , we must work together to limit the size of government and the power our officials wield . As libertarians , we believe the government has no business in telling you what you can buy , who you can love , or who you can associate with .
Our philosophy is simple and just – we do n't hurt people and we do n't take their stuff . If you believe in those ideas , even in principle , then I think you 'll find a vision of a world that you would like to live in , regardless of your political leanings and that we have far more that unites us than divides us .
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Taliban insurgents intercepted two minibuses travelling through central Afghanistan and killed at least 14 passengers overnight , officials said on Friday .
“ These indiscriminate killings by the Taliban are aimed at instilling fear in the people , ” said Sediq Sediqqi , an interior ministry spokesperson .
At least three women and a three-year-old child were among those killed .
Local officials in the remote , mountainous province of Ghor said most of the passengers were from the ethnic Hazara Shi'ite minority , but that could not be independently verified .
“ The insurgents stopped two vans and after checking peoples ' identifications cards , they separated 14 passengers from 32 others and shot them dead , ” said provincial governor Sayed Anwar Rahmati .
The Taliban , an austere Sunni militant group that ruled Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 , has been fighting U.S.-led and Afghan forces since they were removed after the September 11 , 2001 attacks on U.S. targets .
The Taliban , made up mainly of ethnic Pashtuns , have often targeted Shi'ites , whom they see as infidels who deserve to die .
Related Coverage Obama calls Afghan candidates as vote recount drags on
Many of the Hazaras - believed to be descended from Mongol invaders - suffered enormously under Taliban rule and the Shi'ite minority saw many of its communities levelled .
Many were killed and buried in mass graves or thrown into wells . Tens of thousands were jailed . They still believe they are treated as second-class citizens and that President Hamid Karzai has done little to improve their lot .
WE live in a blessed nation but Australia is on a steep moral decline .
Everywhere you look we are making excuses for a sliding lifestyle and more people are blind to it than ever before .
Our Constitution is based on biblical principles and our nation is great because of it .
We are a country with a moral fabric and families and marriage are at its core .
But increasingly our kids are being taught that anything goes .
ADJUDICATION BY THE AUSTRALIAN PRESS COUNCIL
The Australian Press Council has considered complaints from Jim Culbertson and Simon Berry about an opinion article , Priority is to protect marriage , in The Herald Sun , Melbourne on 25 January 2012 . It was written by former tennis champion Margaret Court who was also identified as `` a pastor ” .
Mrs Court argued that Australian society was losing touch with fundamental Christian values and on a steep moral decline , especially in relation to sexuality .
Amongst other things , they wrote : “ Let me be clear . I believe that a person 's sexuality is a choice … In the Bible it is said that homosexuality is among sins that are works of the flesh . It is not something you are born with . My concern is that we are advocating to young people that it is OK to have these feelings . ”
Complaints to the Council from several sources said this passage was inaccurate because modern scientific knowledge indicated that sexuality was not a matter of choice .
They also said it was offensive , incited homophobia and would aggravate problems of bullying and suicidal feelings amongst young gay people .
They considered that the newspaper should apologise for publishing the article .
The newspaper responded that the article was clearly an opinion piece and it was entitled to publish a variety of opinions .
It said those who disagreed with the article could submit material in response .
It also noted that the print version of Mrs Court 's article was immediately adjacent to a shorter opinion piece by Doug Pollard , headlined Court wrong on the issue of gay choice , which strongly rejected their views on homosexuality .
Two days later it published an article of similar length and prominence to Mrs Court , which was written by another former tennis champion , Martina Navratilova , and which argued against Mrs Court 's views on sexuality .
The Council concluded that the newspaper was entitled to publish the article , even though it was likely to cause widespread offence , provided that it gave opportunities for prompt and extensive expression of other views .
As the factual assertion about choice of sexuality was very probably inaccurate and potentially dangerous , the newspaper should either have edited it or published accompanying rebuttal ( preferably from an authoritative source ) .
The Herald Sun met these requirements to an acceptable degree in its print editions .
The Council noted , however , that the online version of the Court article , which is what at least one of the complainants saw , did not include a link to the Pollard article and accordingly did not provide an immediate and clear rebuttal of the assertion about choice of sexuality .
Accordingly , the complaint is upheld on this ground in relation to the online version but is not upheld in relation to the print version .
As a society we are losing touch with fundamental Christian values , as our leaders lean towards an agenda of political correctness to keep the minorities happy .
We live in a world of moral values . Even those without faith know what is right and what is wrong . We all have a conscience and so many people get trapped in the pattern of saying something is right when deep down they know it is n't .
It 's that attitude that can harden hearts . People suddenly justify the immoralities around them . We have taken the easy way out . Minorities are now making it harder for the majority . They are increasingly taking everything that is good in society and pushing it to the side .
Looking back , you can see that there has been a steep decline , especially when it comes to the issue of sexuality . There is so much scripture within the Bible that points to what we see happening now . We are losing that sense of discipline .
Let me be clear . I believe that a person 's sexuality is a choice . In the Bible it said that homosexuality is among sins that are works of the flesh . It is not something you are born with . My concern is that we are advocating to young people that it is OK to have these feelings . But I truly believe if you are told you are gay from a young age , soon enough it will start to impact your life and you will live it . If somebody is told they are gay they often start to believe it .
We are living in a society that takes the easy way out . But we have to work at life and make things better . You need to be disciplined . I became the first Australian woman to win Wimbledon because I trained hard and worked towards it .
It 's why I believe so strongly in the sanctity of marriage . It takes hard work . Children need a mother and a father - stability from a male and a female - and I think we are losing sight of this .
We are led by politicians who lie and spread deceit . They no longer stand true to their word and that affects us all , as a nation . Lies just do n't seem to matter much any more .
There is so much deception in the world and it 's getting worse by the minute . The Book of Romans speaks of the people of Earth trading in God ; of worshipping life and things within it instead of God who made us . By refusing Him , women no longer know how to be women and men no longer know how to be men . We have lost our way and have been convinced by the secular view that it 's all OK .
It worries me because I fear our next generation will lose all direction and become more blinded than ever before .
I ca n't understand , if we are a blessed nation under a biblical Constitution , why there is such a push to change it ? We will only start to tear away at the rich fabric and sustained values . Then God will take their hand off our nation and the lights will go out .
That is why I believe we need to protect marriage because it has been God-ordained from the beginning .
God told man to be united with their wife and to multiply on earth .
I had fame and success and a great husband but I always knew something was missing in my life . I used to think there had to be more to it .
I knew They were there but I did n't know how to make the connection . I did n't understand how God could be real in my life . But then I accepted Jesus Christ , and believed that They came to Earth as the son of God , to die for our sins .
Even then I did n't understand the power of the Bible , their word . If I knew then what I knew now I could have won six Wimbledons , not three . The New Testament is the greatest book on psychology . It shows you how to live victoriously . It 's our TV guide to life . It has everything in there for every facet - even how to run a nation .
People think it 's a book of fear but it is not . It 's a book of love and a training manual for life that offers protection from sin . Life is but a wisp . So many turn to God on their deathbeds but if they accepted Their love during life they would experience far more blessings . We will pass away , but the scriptures wo n't .
We need to turn our minds back to God and I still believe we have the capacity to make that change . Understand that there is a God and that They are real and that They can be part of your life .
A nun at my primary school once gave me the cane and it was one of the best lessons of my life . They could see the potential in me long before I did . They gave me a grounding for the future , for which I remain grateful . I did n't have an easy childhood but I had good families around me that sowed into my life . That 's what our kids need right now . People who are willing to stand up for them , for our families , in a world where we have become far too scared .
Margaret Court is a pastor and a former world No.1 tennis player
Originally published as Priority is to protect marriage
To reveal a gruesome dolphin slaughter to the world , the makers of the documentary The Cove used spy drones , cameras disguised as rocks and a lot of daring .
The movie depicts a hunt in the waters off Taiji , Japan , where at least 2,000 dolphins are killed every year , with a few caught and sold to aquariums . The meat , containing toxic levels of mercury is sold to people , often passed off as whale meat . Dolphin killing receives less attention than whale hunts , but many scientists say their death is every bit as tragic .
Like other cetaceans , dolphins appear capable of such high-level cognition that in some ways they might be considered people . Their neurological systems of emotion and social communication are highly developed . Some researchers think their high-pitched vocalizations may contain aspects of language . They may even have names for each other .
Among the most vocal critics of dolphin hunting and capture is Ric O'Barry , who trained the animal stars of the TV show Flipper in the 1970s . It was O'Barry who convinced National Geographic photographer Louie Psihoyos to make a film about the killing in Taiji , from which only fragmented accounts of the hunt had previously emerged .
Though the town itself is adorned with statues of dolphins , and sidewalks are embedded with tiles containing their likenesses , the killing takes place in a carefully guarded cove . Technically it 's a national park , but even Japanese citizens ca n't enter the park during hunting season .
`` The cove is like a fortress . It 's protected on three sides by steep cliffs . To get in , you need to go through a natural tunnel system that 's protected by a dog and a sensor . Ric said you 'd need a Navy SEAL team to get in there . I said that I did n't know any Navy SEALs , but I did know Mandy-Ray Cruickshank , '' said Psihoyos .
Cruickshank is one of the world 's top freedivers , able to dive 300 feet and come back up under their own power , capable of holding their breath for six minutes . They and freediver trainer Kirk Krack joined the team , swimming into the cove at night to install and retrieve cameras .
Some of the cameras came from Kerner Optical , a spinoff of legendary special effects shop Industrial Light and magic . They build high-definition video cameras into rocks so realistic `` that when we went back to retrieve the rocks , we had trouble finding them again , '' said Psihos .
An electronics expert from the Canadian Air Force built a fleet of unmanned , remote-controlled drones to carry cameras above the hunt . Military-grade heat-sensing cameras were used to track the movements of guards .
The cameras were so cutting-edge that manufacturer Sony had n't yet released the software necessary to pull data off the hard drives and edit it . The team hid the drives in a hotel air conditioning duct , and within a day of retrieving each one had runners take them to Tokyo or Osaka and send them out of the country .
In the end , only 90 seconds or so of the slaughter itself is shown in the film .
`` For me , the most telling violence comes when the violence is over , '' said Psihoyos . `` When the dolphins die , their bodies sink . Divers are sent to retrieve them . Afterwards you see them smoking by the campfire with a blood-red sea behind them . There 's something so banal about it . They just had a hand in that atrocity , and life goes on . That 's the most revealing part . ''
The Cove is now in wide release in the United States . The next dolphin hunting season will begin in Japan in September .
See Also :
Images : 1 ) The Cove . 2 ) Louie Psihoyos .
Brandon Keim 's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 : Thailand detected missing jet minutes after it changed course
Updated
Thailand 's military detected the missing Malaysia Airlines jet flying off course just minutes after it changed direction , but did not share the information with Malaysia .
Ships and planes searched the South China Sea for a week after flight MH370 went missing en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people , including six Australians , on board .
Now it has emerged that Thai radar identified the plane changing course and heading south-west just minutes after it happened on March 8 .
Thailand says it did not pass on the information to Malaysia at the time because it was not asked for it .
If the information had been passed on it could have saved days of wasted effort in the wrong search area .
Dozens of planes and ships searched the South China Sea to Malaysia 's east before the country 's prime minister announced that investigators concluded that the plane had in fact been flown west over Peninsular Malaysia .
The information emerged during checks of radar logs on Monday after a request from the Malaysian government , according to Thailand 's Air Marshal Monthon Suchookorn .
An `` unknown aircraft was detected at 12:28am ( 1:28am Malaysian time ) , six minutes after MH370 vanished '' in the South China Sea moving south-west back towards its origin in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur and the Strait of Malacca , they told AFP .
That timing corresponds with the last transmission from the aircraft 's transponder at 1:21am Malaysian time , which relayed information about the plane 's altitude and location .
Although the signal was sporadic , the aircraft was later again picked up by Thai radar swinging north and disappearing over the Andaman Sea , Air Marshal Monthon added .
`` It 's not confirmed that the aircraft is MH370 , '' they said , without giving the exact times of the later sightings .
The Thai air force did not check its records because the aircraft was not in `` Thai airspace and it was not a threat to Thailand '' , Air Marshal Monthon said , denying it had been `` withholding information '' .
International cooperation under scrutiny as hunt continues
The investigation into the fate of the Boeing 777-200ER has focused on the possibility that it was deliberately diverted from its flight path to Beijing , probably by someone in the cockpit with advanced aviation skills .
But the drip-feed of often conflicting information from Malaysia has sparked fury among desperate relatives and condemnation from Chinese authorities . Two-thirds of those on board are from China .
Twenty-six countries are now involved in the hunt , which covers a vast area of land and sea in a northern corridor over south and central Asia , and a southern corridor stretching deep into the southern Indian Ocean towards Australia .
The search now encompasses an area stretching 7.7 million square kilometres , larger than the entire land mass of Australia .
Australia is leading the search in an area 3,000 kilometres south-west of Perth .
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority ( AMSA ) says the search zone covers 600,000 square kilometres of ocean and has been plotted using data based on the last satellite relay signals sent by the plane .
Ships and aircraft from Australia , New Zealand and the United States are taking part in the search , which represents a narrowing down of the previous Indian Ocean search area .
The same information has provided a mirror image of an area the same distance from the equator in the northern hemisphere .
Maldives residents report 'low-flying ' plane
Malaysian authorities have dismissed reports that the plane may have been sighted over the Maldives .
Police in the Maldives have been probing reports that islanders in the tourism paradise saw a `` low-flying jumbo jet '' on the day the missing Malaysia Airlines plane vanished .
Malaysia 's transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein says the reports are incorrect .
`` I can confirm that the Malaysian chief of the defence force has contacted their counterpart in the Maldives , who has confirmed that these reports are not true , '' they said .
A number of people on the island of Kudahuvadhoo had earlier told a local newspaper that they saw a plane around 6:15am ( local time ) on March 8 .
They describe it as a white aircraft with red stripes across it - which is what Malaysia Airlines planes typically look like .
Eyewitnesses said the plane was travelling north to south-east , towards the southern tip of the Maldives .
They also noted the incredibly loud noise that the flight made when it flew over the island .
Managing editor of the Maldives newspaper Haveeru , Ismail Naseer , says about 12 people reported that they saw the plane flying at 3,000 feet .
They said the reports came in after the newspaper ran a story on the missing plane .
`` Normally , that route is used for a seaplane , that is a very small plane , but the people told us that they saw a very big plane , like an Airbus , '' they said .
The newspaper checked the reports with authorities , who said there was no evidence of any planes .
The Maldives is not among the countries that Malaysian authorities have sought help from .
ABC/wires
Topics : air-and-space , accidents , disasters-and-accidents , air-transport , malaysia
First posted
President Trump has decided to fire their chief strategist , Stephen Bannon , two administration officials told The New York Times on Friday . White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement that Bannon and Chief of Staff John Kelly `` have mutually agreed that today would be Steve 's last day . ''
It was initially unclear whether Bannon resigned their post or whether they were fired , though CNN reported Bannon `` was offered '' the option to resign , implying that if they had declined , they would have been unilaterally fired . The Times reported that contrary to what Trump has told aides , `` a person close to Mr. Bannon insisted the parting of ways was their idea , and that they had submitted their resignation to the president on Aug. 7 , to be announced at the start of this week , but it was delayed in the wake of the racial unrest in Charlottesville , Virginia . '' Circa reporter Sara Carter said Friday that Bannon told them they resigned from the White House two weeks ago .
The former Breitbart executive chair `` may return '' to the website , Drudge Report writes . New York 's Gabriel Sherman cited a `` source close to Bannon '' to confirm that Bannon is `` expected '' to return to the hard-right outlet .
In a series of interviews earlier this week , Bannon broke with the president to say there is `` no military solution '' to North Korea and they called the far right , who they helped Trump mobilize to win the election , `` a collection of clowns . '' The Week Staff
This is a breaking news story and has been updated throughout .
About
Avast ye scurvy sea-dogs ! This be Unearned Bounty , a multiplayer online 3rd person vehicular battle arena combat game that nods to Twisted Metal , Halo , and League of Legends with a pirate-y and stylistic art theme . Core gameplay implements intuitive mechanics and arcade-style combat based on broadside cannon naval warfare with a light touch of fantasy added to the mix .
Over the past year , we 've been collecting player feedback from our alpha and continuously making improvements and fixes to the gameplay . Generated with our community , we have a large wishlist of ideas that we want to build and ask for your help through this Kickstarter so that we can speed up development to provide more playable content .
Our goal for Unearned Bounty is to be played and enjoyed by as many people as possible . We plan on having over 14 languages supported . Unearned Bounty has PC , Mac , and Linux support . We have strived to make the game runnable on lower-end and integrated graphics cards , and working on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 support for in the near future . Unearned Bounty will be free-to-play , not pay-to-win . We 've chosen to do free-to-play so that players can try out the game and play with their friends without any barrier . We plan on a robust weekly free ship rotation , with ship and cosmetic unlocks through play . We will be making our best effort to maintain a balanced and fair gameplay environment .
You can access our Discord for a Steam code to try out our alpha below :
Abilities : Each ship is equipped with its own active and passive abilities to encourage different play styles and provide unique confrontations . Ramming speed , Flamethrowers , Poison Gas , Explosive barrels to name a few .
Wrapping Map System : Pirates know no bounds ! Sail indefinitely and you 'll always be close to the action Pac-Man style without being pushed up against the edge or scallywags hiding in a corner . If an opponent is sailing in the distance to the East , sailing West you can travel towards them head on !
Broadside Combat : Fire the cannons ! Ships are equipped with port and starboard cannons that reload independently . Master the use of predictive aiming , dodging incoming fire , as well as turning to alternate cannons .
Mid-match Upgrades : Start fresh each match . Collect gold from sinking other pirates , completing challenges , or raiding tradeships to upgrade your ship to gain an edge against your opponents . Each death sets you back an upgrade .
Infamy mode : Infamy serves as an indicator of the match leader and a system to encourage daring play . Infamy is rewarded for killing the most dangerous opponents while discouraging attacking weaker players who are the bottom rank during the match . This Free-For-All game mode will be one of many , including several team modes .
Bots : practice or include in a match with friends . We hope to expand on more PVE content in the future with deadly sea monsters !
Hosted & Custom matches : We 're utilizing Amazon Gamelift to provide a consistent online experience , matching up players of similar skill . We provide the option that you can run your own custom matches , for those who want a private match or enjoy over LAN .
Extrokold Games is based out of San Diego , California . With over 30 years combined experience building games , we have the talent and know-how to complete this project .
View additional artwork and timelapses on Richard Pince 's ArtStation .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Lance Easley is best known as replacement ref No . 26 , and days after making one of the most infamous calls in NFL history – one that was so controversial it led to the end of a lockout that , in turn , ended their Walter Mitty run of calling pro games – they are n't backing down .
`` It was the correct call , '' Easley told TMZ .
Yes , TMZ . Who else ? That 's how big Easley 's decision was to declare a contested Hail Mary a touchdown for Seattle rather than an interception for Green Bay – which is how virtually everyone else , but not the NFL itself , saw it . Even TMZ is chasing down replacement refs .
Easley 's call will forever be etched in history thanks to a photo of them signaling TD while another ref waved for the stop of the clock [ even though the game was over ] . It gave Seattle the win and sparked such outrage the NFL caved within 48 hours to the NFL Referees Association and ended the lockout .
[ Related : NFL gives into public pressure , brings back refs ]
Regular refs will be on the field for Week 4 , starting with Thursday night 's game between the Cleveland Browns and Baltimore Ravens . They 'll receive a huge pregame ovation and by , oh , the second quarter , everyone will be complaining about them too .
`` Sorry to have to put our fans through that , '' NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said of replacement refs in general , a rare ( sort of ) mea culpa from a man known for their definitive verdicts .
Of course just Tuesday the league was saying Easley did , indeed , make the proper call . They were also backed on Monday night by an experienced replay crew that did n't see enough to overrule the call on the field – which is n't exactly the same as saying it was the right call originally .
Story continues
All of which is just part of why Easley should be as defiant as they want going forward , declaring their judgment proper and their poise perfect in that critical moment .
Why apologize ? Why acknowledge an error ? What the heck , go out swinging .
They volunteered to play a real ref in Goodell 's outlandish gamble with the game 's credibility . They certainly could 've , and perhaps should 've , declined the chance to be an NFL ref by taking stock of their limitations as mostly a California high school ref .
[ Michael Silver : Welcome back refs ; it 's been too long ]
But it was n't their idea to offer a guy with those qualifications the job in the first place . They took their shot . They lived the dream . They were one high-profile play from being able to go home and brag around the bar forever about the time they worked Monday Night Football .
The entire replacement ref experiment was an ill-conceived fiasco . The blame here is on Goodell and the NFL owners , who thought the refs were replaceable in the first place . Unable to lure top college officials , they basically figured they could round up any group of guys off the street and it would n't produce a noticeable difference .
When it did , glaringly , there is no reason for a guy such as Easley to take the fall and limp back into the high-school ranks apologizing . If the league treated this as a joke , no need for them to take it too seriously .
So forgive them for going bold .
`` You have to not only have the ball but have either two feet or a body part on the ground and that never happened , '' they said of Green Bay defensive back M.D . Jennings . As such , Easley argued , with Seattle 's Golden Tate also controlling part of the ball , it was a contested catch . And the rules state a contested catch goes to the offense .
`` Put any other official who knows the rules and they would make the same call , '' Easley insisted .
We 're not sure about that . But we 'll let Easley have their moment of defense .
There 's no need to shed a tear for a guy who willingly and knowingly put themselves in the spotlight , but they are n't the cause of the problem either .
They wound up getting ripped , mocked , blamed , harassed , and , at the same time , told by the NFL not to speak publicly . They were basically forced , they said , to `` fall on the sword . ''
[ Related : Officials will work Thursday ]
Then they were dumped along with all the rest of the replacement refs .
Here 's one part in which Easley is 100 percent correct : This was an extraordinary situation they found themselves on Monday . A contested , Hail Mary , game-winning catch/interception on national television is a situation that would cause the most hardened and experienced of referees to take a gulp before making the call .
It was a tsunami of responsibility , the game 's outcome literally hanging in the balance as a soldout stadium screamed , huge men pushed and shoved and the seconds ticked by like hours .
[ More : The worst calls in sports history ]
No one is accusing them of wanting to make the wrong call . They did their best . They never should 've been in that situation in the first place .
`` I do n't appreciate the negative stuff , '' they noted .
They better get used to it . No one is ever going to believe they made the right call . But there 's also no reason for them to agree with them .
Other popular content on the Yahoo ! network :
• Bill Clinton breaks down woes of their 1-3 Hogs
• Bosh thought Heat 's title hopes were done with their injury
• Pingpong passion stokes U.S. Ryder Cup team 's competitive fires
• Alligator for hire for kids ' birthday parties
On 18 April , Priya Vedi , an anesthetist at the AIIMS hospital in New Delhi , slit their wrists and killed herself . Before taking their life , they posted a long note on Facebook revealing the details of their unhappy marriage , in which they blamed their gay husband , for pushing them to take their life . The post was widely circulated on Facebook before it was taken down yesterday . In it , they had mentioned the names of their husband 's friends who they alleged had sexual relations with him .
In a report on The Indian Express , Vedi 's husband , also a doctor at AIIMS , has been reported to have been sent to police custody for 14 days . Also , during a conversation with the paper , Vedi 's father-in-law said that they only came to know about their son 's sexual orientation after their so wife complained to him .
He , however , added that , being a 'traditional Indian woman ' , it was Vedi 's responsibility to make the marriage work .
The Indian Express quotes Vedi 's father-in-law as saying :
`` These things are more common today so we do not know why our daughter-in-law was so disturbed . Of course , they did not tell me they had these problems . In fact , the marriage was fixed only after they met them and gave their consent . ''
Vedi 's colleagues were in shock and said that they had no clue about the nature of their relationship with their husband . Vedi never discussed the issues with any of their colleagues .
Hindustan Times quotes a colleague as saying , `` I have had a fairly decent amount of interaction with them as we used to be together on operation theatre duties that at times lasted for 7 to 8 hours . They never let out their state of mind and it did not show either as normally happens when you spend a lot of time with an emotionally disturbed person . There was another colleague who was going through a bad divorce some time back and they would express their feelings openly . ''
In fact , according to reports , Vedi came across as happy in their marriage . They would continuously talk about their husband , also a doctor at AIIMS , and would also show their pictures to them colleagues .
Vedi 's husband 's colleagues also attested to the fact that the couple had never let the truth of their marriage slip out in public . They remember them as 'meticulous ' and 'quiet ' . However , one of their colleagues mentioned that they hardly ever brought them to social gatherings where most doctors were accompanied by their spouses .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Leaked EU Copyright Proposal A Complete Mess : Want To Tax Google To Prop Up Failing Publishers
from the that's-not-the-role-of-copyright dept
In particular intervention at EU level is expected , because of its scale , to strengthen publishers bargaining powers in a more effective way than it has happened under national measures such as the `` ancillary rights '' adopted in DE and ES , where major online service providers either closed down their news aggregation services ( ES ) or concluded free licences for the use of publishers ' content ( DE ) which did not generate any remuneration for publishers so far . Moreover the related right granted to press publishers under this option would be different from the ES law insofar as it would be an exclusive right and not an unwaivable compensation : this would leave news publishers a greater margin for manoeuvre to negotiate different types of agreements with service providers and is therefore expected to be more effective for them in the long run ( notably as it will allow press publishers to develop new business models in a flexible way ) .
Consumers reap considerable benefits from news aggregators and social media news providers . At the same time they also benefit from high quality newspaper content feeding these channels of consumption . By fostering the production of high quality news content , this option is expected to have a positive impact on consumers . Better market conditions for the news publishing industry could give rise to the development of innovative offers for the digital distribution of news content , with larger catalogues and more choice . Digital subscription of newspapers and magazines are expected to be further developed , which will be particularly beneficial to consumers given the decline of print products .
Well , here we go again with the bad EU copyright proposals . Just a few days ago , Mozilla actually launched a petition to call on the EU to update its copyright laws for the 21st century , to make it `` so we can tinker , create , share , and learn on the internet . '' Apparently the EU 's answer to this is `` Fuck You ! `` According to a leaked draft of the EU Commission 's plan to `` modernize '' copyright , the plan really seems focused on coming up with new ways to tax successful internet companies , like Google , to prop up other companies and industries that have failed to adapt . Apparently , the EU Commission thinks that copyright should be a tool to punish innovation and to reward those who have refused to innovate.The leaked draft talks repeatedly about this silly idea of a `` value gap . '' Just a few weeks ago we discussed why the `` value gap '' is a misleading talking point . It 's being used by companies that did n't innovate to try to guarantee a business model , with that model being `` have the government force successful companies to subsidize us , because we did n't adapt to the current market . '' And this draft is full of that kind of thinking.The draft also continues to weigh `` the impact '' of various proposals on different stakeholders . For example , it notes whether different proposals will have a `` positive , neutral , or negative '' impact on rightsholders , internet services , consumers and `` fundamental rights . '' While it 's nice that they include the `` fundamental rights '' ( and the public -- who , it should be noted , are more than just `` consumers '' ) it feels like they 're trying to set up proposals again that are sort of `` balancing '' all of these interests , rather than finding the one that maximizes overall utility . In fact , it 's quite troubling that they seem to think that anything that directly expands copyright automatically benefits `` rightsholders . '' We 've seen how that 's not true at all . Greater freedom to remix , reuse and build on the works of others allow everyday people to become creators themselves more easily . And saddling internet platforms also harmswho are only able to create , publicize , distribute , connect and monetize because of these new platforms . But the draft does n't seem to take much of that into account -- or sort of hand-waves it away.Even the way the draft describes `` problems '' show that it 's biased at looking for ways to prop up old industries : Basically , so much is looking at how can we prop up newspaper businesses by basically forcing Google to pay them to link to them . Even more ridiculously , the report says that basically pushing Google to pay to link to news will `` benefit consumers '' because it will mean more `` high quality '' news . That seems like a dubious assumption.That seems like the EU Commission is only thinking a single step out , and not any further about how business models may develop . Doing this will alsoGoogle as the dominant player and not allow newer , better , more innovative startups to enter the market without first having to raise significant amounts of capital . The report notes that consumer groups disagree with the assumption that consumers will benefit under such a plan , but the entirety of the Commissions reason for this is `` well , this is different from the Spanish law that made Google News shut down . `` All in all , this looks like ( unfortunately typical for Europe ) plan written by bureaucrats looking to basically minimize the number of people who are upset , rather than creating the best actual overall plan . As a result , the proposals look to be a mess , that will almost certainly harm innovation and creativity in Europe .
Filed Under : ancillary copyright , copyright , copyright reform , eu , google tax , publishers
More sunny days than rainy ones are coming our way , and the Hilltop neighborhood in Tacoma plans to make the most of the South Sound 's fair weather . A group of neighbors , with a grant from Tacoma-Pierce County Health Department , are working to design an expansive mural that will loop around several Tacoma streets and create a beautiful mile-and-a-half-long walking path . The objective of this ambitious open-air art installation is to beautify the neighborhood , as well as guide people around some of Hilltop 's favorite community spaces .
Hilltop was one of the neighborhoods identified by TPCHD where walkability could be improved in 2015 . Six different organizations in the South Sound , including this one , received a donation of $ 10,000 to help increase the number of and draw attention to safe , clean places to walk in our communities . Grant applicants represent area residents and organizations who are interested in developing the walkability of public spaces .
The canvas for this urban installation , which has been dubbed Know Your Ropes , will be a stretch of sidewalks and paths that go from 9th to 17th Streets in the Hilltop neighborhood and back . Oliver Doriss , owner of Tacoma 's Fulcrum Gallery , is the artist behind this project . Once completed , this mural will depict a long and unfurling coil of rope punctuated by several artfully rendered knots . Oliver is known in the community for their distinctive blown glass artwork .
Oliver 's fascination with the beautiful aesthetic of the knot inspired this mural , and organizers agree that the form lends itself well to the activity in that the rope graphic illustrates the trail . The artist 's studio in Hilltop is the starting point for the inaugural walk on June 22 , 2016 , and also marks the spot for the reception to follow .
Hilltop resident , Public Art Administrator and Know Your Ropes project organizer Rebecca Solverson submitted the proposal for this installation . Rebecca recalls sitting on their back steps and having a conversation about this grant , which challenged organizations to empower and encourage people of all ages to get up and get moving .
“ I learned about this opportunity in the fall , and Oliver had been wanting to do this mural before that . They had found and became inspired by this beautiful book of knots , and we both agreed we should just go for it . We had the framework and the basic idea in mind when we applied for the grant , but it 's gone through several different changes since then and is shaping up to be a very fun graphic piece with some very beautiful designs . ”
Rebecca was thrilled , they say , when their project proposal was selected as one of the six grant recipients . “ I think it 's so cool that the health department was willing to fund a project like this — that the city of Tacoma is open to investing in an art project as a means to unify the community and get people moving . It 's a different approach to addressing walkability and we 're excited to see where this takes us . ”
Guided walks are scheduled , and these will serve as an opportunity to learn more about the neighborhood , its growth and upcoming developments in the community . Community leaders in and around the Hilltop area will captain these guided ambles and add a sociable , interactive element to this one-of-a-kind art project . Pedestrians are welcome to explore the walking path solo , too . No passes are needed , no prior notice need be given , and flash photography is most certainly welcome .
Rebecca says that they and their team will be working to track , record and report how many people attend each guided walk , how many individuals interact online , and how many community partners participate in the events . “ We 're hoping that this spawns a lot of organic activity , ” Rebecca says .
The installation will be created using temporary marking paint and is expected to last from June to late August or early September ( or approximately three months ) . Project coordinators , however , have taken steps to ensure that this project survives beyond its season . Rebecca explains that Know Your Rope 's organizers will be documenting the project , its evolution , aesthetic and impact on the community through audio , photography and video to preserve the trail .
“ This walking path is physically temporary , but there will be an ongoing record of it . We hope that if other folks are interested in doing anything similar , this can serve as a reference and a source of inspiration. ” Organizers and health department officials are looking forward to observing how the community interacts with the exhibit with the goal of making Tacoma more pedestrian-friendly .
For more information about the Know Your Ropes art installation and to see a full schedule of guided walks , visit the program 's website at www.knowyourropes.com .
You can learn more about Tacoma-Pierce County Health Department 's mission and their work in the community by visiting www.tpchd.org .
Missing in action : Where are Blood Bowl and Star Realms ? By Owen Faraday
It 's a punt .
Launch aborted . Again .
It 's come to my attention that some of you are performing a dark cabalistic ritual to summon the mysteriously delayed mobile edition of Blood Bowl . STOP . You are performing the wrong dark cabalistic ritual . I know you meant well , but you appear to have summoned this Kim Kardashian game into existence instead . Also the Jonas Brothers have been crashing on my couch for the last three days . You 're not allowed to watch E ! while invoking the occult anymore.Instead of beseeching the dark powers for aid , I sent around inquiries to see what the holdup is on high-fantasy football game Blood Bowl ( announced for `` early July '' a few weeks ago ) and on the iOS version of sci-fi deck-building card game Star Realms ( which was meant to be here around July 4th ) .Details of what I uncovered after the jump . But fair warning : none of it is particularly good news.Back at the beginning of the month there were hearts set a-thumping everywhere by the news that Games Workshop 's ( literally ) fantasy football tabletop game Blood Bowl was coming to mobile in `` early July '' . Clearly , that has not come to pass.After some effort I got in touch with Focus Home Interactive , the French publisher in charge of the project . They told me on Wednesday that the game has been `` slightly delayed '' . Well , yes . I think we knew that . More news was promised `` very soon '' , but the takeaway here is that nobody knows what 's up with Blood Bowl , so do n't expect an imminent release.Sci-fi deck-builder Star Realms has been a huge hit in its physical card game form , and I was mightily impressed with the PC beta . The Android edition launched over the July 4th holiday weekend with iOS meant to be following close in its wake -- instead , Android users have enjoyed a rare period of platform exclusivity as the iOS version keeps getting rejected by Apple.Producer Rob Dougherty told me this afternoon that the game has been rejected by Apple again ( the game 's been submitted for approval at least twice this month ) just yesterday . They did n't give me any details as to why , exactly , but Star Realms ' cross-platform play between iOS , Android , and PC might have something to do with it -- as might the game 's unique `` pay once , unlock every platform '' scheme.Dougherty also said that they do n't want to keep players on pins and needles obsessively checking the App Store -- they told me that if and when Star Realms gets approved by the powers that be at Cupertino , he 'll let everybody know in advance what day the game will drop . They 're planning on re-submitting this weekend .
Watch the video here : http : //youtu.be/nXXtL0_cS80 IMPORTANT : You must confirm your signature by clicking on a confirmation `` prompt '' - otherwise your signature will not register on the petition ! ! ! Thank you ! Listen to the voices of the Innocent : http : //youtu.be/GjMV3uQqBe4 Many more videos on Freedom4Yankton4 Channel POLITICIANS , you MUST NOT stay silent about this case : U.S. v. Desmond and Jesse Rouse , Garfield Feather , and Russell Hubbeling , four innocent men who were wrongfully convicted . The first appellate court vacated the convictions and remanded the cas ... e for a NEW TRIAL . The men never got that trial , owing to prosecutorial and judicial misconduct . The case demands your attention immediately . Justice is mandatory . Political wiggling and avoidance is unacceptable . You must step forward and speak out clearly in favor of justice and fundamental fairness . The Indian Wars have allegedly been over for more than a century but we who study history are well aware that they are not . . . and particularly in South Dakota . Not to speak out for justice is cowardice , if not treason . Strong language , Yes . But necessary , Yes . Let us all hear from you . The judicial system is very broken . It must be fixed . There are four people who can do the job : Everybody , Somebody , Anybody , and Nobody . Everybody thinks Somebody will surely do it . It is a job Anybody can do . But Nobody is doing it . At least I 'm trying . What are you doing ?
Rouse Family
PO Box 22
Wagner , 57380 , SD
Open Letter to the Judiciary and Government of the United States , The President , The First Lady , The Senate , The US Attorney , Governors , Senators and lawmakers . The Media , The Press , The World .
REQUEST FOR EXECUTIVE CLEMENCY BASED ON ACTUAL INNOCENCE
RE : Wrongful conviction of four Yankton Sioux American Citizens -
By-products are the ongoing Civil Rights violations against 11 children and 4 families whose children were taken into care . Both crimes against these men and children were perpetrated for personal gain , career aspirations and fuelled by racist motives .
To whom it may concern :
Dear Sir or Madam :
We are Sisters Lucricia Rouse , Jessica Rouse , Fury Rouse and Cousins Trista Rouse and Rosemary Rouse .
We are Yankton Sioux and American Citizens . We ask you in desperation for a meeting in person and eye to eye . We have been screaming to deaf ears for years . We were abducted by the authorities of South Dakota for personal gain and to achieve a conviction on our four innocent family members . Our uncles Desmond Rouse , Jesse Rouse , Garfield Feather and Russell Hubbeling have been unjustly incarcerated now for 18 years ! The Civil rights violations against us fit the UN Charter for genocide ! !
We were kept behind hot wire to keep us from escaping , starved so we ate dog food , given alcohol baths , worked to exhaustion as farm hands and conditioned like Pavlov dogs for trial . This has left a mark of immense shame on the American Justice System and the Constitution of the United States . The Indian wars are allegedly over , but , we who study history know that they are not . Especially in South Dakota . We ask kindly to meet with you . We want you to hear our stories . Our families are the victims of a crime perpetrated and furthered by the authorities .
Please stop this GREAT INJUSTICE NOW ! Political wriggling and avoidance is unacceptable . Thank you for your attention regarding this matter .
Sincerely ,
Lucritia Rouse -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Jessica Rouse -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Fury Rouse _______________________
Rosemary Rouse -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Eye to eye ! This song was almost on every laptop screen and on everyone 's troll list when it first came out ! Even Ranveer Singh did a dubsmash on the same . Well , the same singer has come out with another single . The song is named Angel .
The lyrics are as meaningful as they were last time . Take this for example :
Your love is , my true Angel ,
Without you I always live alone ,
As the heart beats , without a soul ,
I fall in love with you , always ,
Like Angels , love other angels ,
Angel , Angel…mankind 's angel ,
Laa , Laa , Laa , Laa , Laa , Laa , Laa .
However , the self-proclaimed “ sensational singer ” had said in an interview that it took them 30 years to pen the lyrics to ‘ Eye to Eye ' , so it was expected that fans would have quite the wait ahead of them for their next video .
But after two years , the wait is finally over and Taher Shah is finally out with their new video , ‘ Angel ' .
Watch Taher Shah 's Angel Video Song Here :
The video surely ups the ante when it comes to editing and special effects , opening with probably all the effects that were in the video editor 's arsenal . This video , however , unlike the last one does n't make use of the editor 's Taher-doubling skills .
And if this did n't move you , here 's their popular song ‘ Eye to Eye ' that created sensation all over :
Marwan Barghouti palestinesi in sciopero ( Afp )
Oltre mille palestinesi detenuti nelle carceri israeliane hanno avviato uno sciopero della fame a tempo indeterminato accogliendo , come scrive Aljazeera.com , l'appello di Marwan Barghouti , il leader palestinese che sta scontando l'ergastolo per cinque omicidi . Lo ha reso noto il responsabile dell'Autorità nazionale palestinese ( Anp ) per i detenuti , Issa Qaraqe , spiegando che la protesta coinvolge almeno 1.300 detenuti e potrebbe allargarsi ancora .
Secondo Israele sono 1.187 i detenuti in sciopero
Secondo le autorità carcerarie israeliane sono 1.187 i detenuti che partecipano alla protesta , avviata nella Giornata del prigioniero palestinese per chiedere l'avvio di un negoziato sulle condizioni di vita di chi è dietro le sbarre e su arresti considerati spesso arbitrari . La campagna e ' stata lanciata da Barghouti , esponente di primo piano di Fatah e possibile candidato a succedere ad Abu Mazen come presidente dell'Anp , e ha ricevuto il sostegno del premier palestinese , Rami Hamdallah , e della leadership di Hamas . Lo stesso Barghouti sul New York Times , nello spiegare `` le ragioni della più pacifica forma di resistenza disponibile '' , ha accusato Israele di `` eseguire arresti di massa arbitrari '' e di `` maltrattare '' i detenuti palestinesi .
Ministero della Sicurezza israeliano : misure disciplinari
Fra le richieste , riporta il Guardian , ci sono un aumento delle visite familiari , migliore assistenza medica , la fine delle detenzioni amministrative che permettono di trattenere i sospetti per periodi fino a sei mesi senza doverli incriminare e l'accesso a libri e materiale educativo . Il ministro della Sicurezza israeliano , Ghilad Erdan , ha avvertito che saranno adottate misure disciplinari verso gli scioperanti che vanno incontro a `` gravi conseguenze '' per quella che è considerata una violazione della legge . Non è escluso che , come avvenuto in passato , i detenuti possano essere sottoposti ad alimentazione forzata . La scelta della data è stata fatta con un occhio all'inizio del Ramadan , alla fine di maggio , quando la protesta dovrebbe comunque interrompersi visto il precetto religioso del digiuno diurno interrotto dopo il tramonto .
Quella dei detenuti è una grande fonte di tensione
Se le condizioni di salute di qualche detenuto dovessero aggravarsi , però , è possibile che ci sia un'intensificazione degli attacchi anti-israeliani . Quella dei detenuti è una delle più grandi fonti di tensione tra Israele e palestinesi , soprattutto dopo le nuove ondate di arresti per gli attacchi con il coltello o in auto . L'Anp li considera in gran parte prigionieri politici . Si stima che in totale i detenuti palestinesi nelle carceri israeliane siano circa 6.000 .
Today I found out that Twinkies have a shelf life of only 25 days . The popular notion that they “ last forever ” or for some ridiculously large amount of time is incorrect .
Here are two other popular myths concerning Twinkies :
Myth : Twinkies are n't baked ; the sponge cake instead is made from a chemical reaction that causes a cake-like material to foam up . It is then colored dark brown at the bottom to give the appearance of being baked . ( Twinkies are in fact baked and their primary ingredients are flour , sugar , and eggs . )
Myth : Twinkies contain a chemical used in embalming fluid which helps account for some of their extreme longevity . ( Twinkies contain no such chemical . )
Here are some actual real Twinkie facts :
Twinkies were created in 1930 as ladyfinger-shaped spongecakes . They were first thought up by James A. Dewar , the Vice President of Continental Bakeries that sold under the Hostess brand . Dewar was trying to come up with a way to utilize the machines used to make cream filled strawberry shortcake when strawberries were out of season and the machines normally sat idle . So they got an idea to create a banana cream filled cake . That 's right . Originally , Twinkies were filled with banana cream , which I suppose explains why they chose to make them look as they do .
During World War II , bananas became scarce . Hostess then decided to switch the cream inside Trinkies to vanilla cream . This ended up being much more popular than the banana filled version . So when bananas became readily available again , they chose not to switch back .
The name “ Twinkie ” was also thought up by James Dewar . On the way to a marketing meeting , they saw a billboard advertising “ Twinkle-Toes Shoes ” and thought up the name “ Twinkies ” .
When Twinkies first came out , they not only were banana filled , but they also had an incredibly low shelf life . This was due primarily to the dairy products contained in Twinkies giving them only a two day shelf life on average . This obviously cut into the profit margins .
With the need for longer shelf life , they started substituting ingredients in the original recipe with artificial ingredients . Among those artificial ingredients is cellulose gum , which gives Twinkie cream its smooth feel . Another place you can find this cellulose gum is in rocket fuel .
But that 's not the only fuel based ingredient in a Twinkie . The chemicals that make up the artificial butter flavor are themselves derived from petroleum .
Another interesting ingredient is corn dextrin . This gives Twinkies their sticky crust . Another place you can find this wonderful ingredient is in various glues ; for instance , the glue that you find on the back of envelopes .
Interestingly though , of the 39 ingredients that make up a Twinkie , only one of them is strictly a preservative , or rather , its only purpose in being included is because it 's a preservative . Some of the other chemicals in Twinkies have preserving side effects , but their use is primarily as substitutes for the dairy ingredients . The lack of these dairy ingredients and the air tight plastic wrap are the primary reason that the Twinkie can last the 25 days on the shelves and can out last so many of its other baked brethren in that respect .
Despite their slightly unhealthy nature ( 150 calories each ; with quite a dose of fat included ) , Hostess now churns out more than 1000 Twinkies per minute or about 500 million per year . The cakes are each baked for 12 minutes ; injected with cream ; flipped over so the round bottom is now the top ; then packaged for shipping .
Bonus Twinkie fact : According to Hostess , it takes about 45 seconds to explode a Twinkie in a standard powered microwave . Try this at home kids… Seriously , anybody wants to try this and report back on the results ?
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Expand for References :
This is a recipe that I have only played around with recently , but it works really well both as a starter or as a main course , and is rich enough to be satisfying for both . The thing I like about this recipe is that it 's not overly spiced or flavoured in addition to the mushrooms , and therefore allows the natural flavour of the mushrooms to come out .
Serves 6 as a starter or 4 as a main .
Ingredients
800g mixed mushrooms ( Button , Field , Shittake , etc . ) , thickly sliced
500g good quality white unsliced bread , diced
5 tbs olive oil
30g butter
2 cloves of garlic , chopped
2 tsp dried thyme
200ml vegetable stock from bouillon
100ml red wine
Salt and pepper to taste
4 large free range eggs ( 6 if as a starter )
Method
1 . Preheat the oven to 180C and place the diced bread in a roasting tin with 2tbs of the olive oil drizzled over . Roast for 15 mins until brown but not burnt . Set aside .
2 . Heat half the olive oil and half of the butter in a large saucepan over a medium heat . Add half the mushrooms and cook stirring often until most of the juices have evaporated ( approximately 10 minutes ) .
3 . Add half the garlic and herbs and simmer gently for a further 3 minutes . Remove mushrooms from pan and set aside .
4 . Repeat stages 2 & 3 until all of the mushrooms are cooked .
5 . And all of the mushrooms back in the pan , add the wine and stock and simmer for approximately 15 minutes over a low heat . Add seasoning to taste .
6 . Whilst the mushrooms are simmering poached the eggs in the preferred manner ( I prefer using ‘ poach pods ' for these as I have never been able to poach properly using boiling water and a whisk ! )
7 . Serve a generous portion of the mushrooms and croutons and top with a poached egg . Drizzle lightly with olive oil and add chopped parsley or thyme if preferred . Serve immediately .
Advertisements
DAKAR , Senegal -- More than 10,000 people have been infected with Ebola and nearly half of them have died , according to figures released Saturday by the World Health Organization , as the outbreak continues to spread .
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is the largest ever outbreak of the disease with a rapidly rising death toll in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . There have also been cases in three other West African countries , Spain and the United States .
In burying the Ebola dead , some Liberians defy cremation order
The U.N. health agency said Saturday that the number of confirmed , probable and suspected cases has risen to 10,141 . Of those cases , 4,922 people have died . Its figures show about 200 new cases since the last report , four days ago .
Even those grisly tolls are likely an underestimate , WHO has warned , as many people in the hardest hit countries have been unable or too frightened to seek medical care .
A shortage of labs capable of handling potentially infected blood samples has also made it difficult to track the outbreak . For example , the latest numbers show no change in Liberia 's case toll , suggesting the numbers may be lagging behind reality .
On Thursday , authorities confirmed that the disease had spread to Mali , the sixth West African country affected , and on the same day a new case was confirmed in New York , in a doctor recently returned from Guinea .
Obama : Ebola response must be guided by `` facts , not fear ''
Mali had long been considered highly vulnerable to the disease , since it shares a border with Guinea . The disease arrived there in a 2-year-old , who traveled from Guinea with their grandmother by bus and died Friday .
The toddler , who was bleeding from their nose during the journey , may have had high-risk contact with many people , the World Health Organization warned . So far , 43 people are being monitored in isolation for signs of the disease , and WHO said Saturday that authorities are continuing to look for more people at risk .
To help fight Ebola , the U.N. humanitarian flight service airlifted about 1 ton of medical supplies to Mali late Friday . The seats of the plane were removed to make room for the cargo , which included hazard suits for health workers , surgical gloves , face shields and buckets , according to the World Food Program , which runs the flights .
Preview : Ebola
The spread of Ebola to Mali has highlighted how easily the virus can jump borders , and Malian border police said that neighboring Mauritania closed its border with Mali .
The health minister of the Ivory Coast , which borders Guinea and Mali , said authorities there were looking for a nurse who may have Ebola and fled from Guinea , where they were being monitored by officials . But Raymonde Goudou stressed that it was still not clear whether the man had Ebola .
There was concern also in Ghana , where some worried a strike by health care workers could leave the country vulnerable to the disease . Ghana does not border any country with reported cases , but it is serving as the headquarters for the U.N. mission on Ebola .
In Liberia , the country hardest hit by the epidemic , U.S. forces have been building desperately needed treatment centers and helping to bring in aid . On Saturday , Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams , who was in charge of the troops assigned to the Ebola response , handed power to Maj. Gen. Gary J. Volesky , the 101st Airborne commander .
`` I 've been told that by a number of people that the task we face is extremely hard . Well , a fairly famous person once said hard is not impossible , '' Volesky said . `` Together , we 're going to beat it . ''
Jekyll is a fantastic system for static file based websites . Over the past few years , the number of the sites powered by the tool has skyrocketed due to Github offering free hosting via Github Pages .
I had been using Github Pages to host this site until a few weeks ago when I transferred the site to a new Linode powered server . I was in the process of launching ZoneWatcher and wanted more control over my domain . Mostly , I wanted to power the SSL/TLS with LetsEncrypt instead of using the shared CloudFlare certificate .
Installing Jekyll on the Server
The first step is to install Jekyll on the server you want to host it . That can be done through a few easy steps . In these command I 'll assume you 're using Ubuntu 16.04 .
Update APT
Do yourself a favor and update your packages to avoid pulling down an old version of the pagages we are about to install .
apt update apt upgrade
Install Ruby
apt install ruby ruby-dev
Install Jekyll 's CLI
gem install jekyll bundler
Configuring Forge
Now that we are all set with installing packages , we can proceed to configure Forge to serve & auto-deploy our Jekyll based site .
Step 1 : Provision your site & select your jekyll repository you 'd like to serve
Step 2 : Set your public Web Directory to __/_site__
Step 3 : Modify your deployment script to include jekyll build
Step 4 : Enable quick deploys to auto-publish your site after each change is made ( optional ) . This can be done with the toggle on the Forge interface .
You 're Done !
Manually trigger a deployment and your site should now be live !
Cell Service Shutdown Raises Free Speech Questions
The shutdown of mobile phone service in San Fransisco Bay Area subway stations has constitutional experts hitting the law books .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Risberg/AP Eric Risberg/AP
Authorities for Bay Area Rapid Transit , or BART , blocked wireless signals in certain stations on Thursday in an attempt to prevent protests opposing the July 3 shooting death of Charles Blair Hill by BART police . Police say Hill came at them with a knife .
First Amendment scholars say they ca n't remember a time when a public agency in the U.S. moved to disrupt wireless traffic in quite that way . Now , they 're trying to stretch old First Amendment principles to fit in the context of new technology .
' A Major First Amendment Problem '
One group that promotes electronic freedom compared the people who run BART to an authoritarian regime in Egypt , tweeting `` BART pulls a Mubarak in San Francisco . ''
`` It 's very clearly a major First Amendment problem whenever a government agency takes it upon itself to simply prevent people from being able to speak , '' says Lee Tien , a senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a civil rights group .
The easiest way to describe what the transit authority did , Tien says , is to call it a broad prior restraint on the communications of thousands of cellphone users — not just demonstrators , but also kids talking to their parents and adults talking to their doctors .
`` In the past , it 's been aimed at , say , newspapers or aimed at broadcasters or at book publishers , and in this case we 've got a situation where it 's aimed at the cell network , '' they add . Courts generally frown on prior restraint in other contexts .
Safety , Private Property Concerns
For its part , the transit authority says it acted carefully , blocking phone calls in just a few subway stations for a few hours to protect public safety and prevent chaos on platforms where trains race by at high speeds .
BART 's chief spokesperson , Linton Johnson , talked with reporters about the decision Monday afternoon .
`` There is a constitutional right to safety , '' Johnson says . `` A lot of people are forgetting the fact that there are multiple constitutional rights and are focusing solely on one . BART is obligated to protect them all . ''
Johnson says transit officials allow demonstrations in a special free speech area , far away from the platforms and outside the fare gates , restrictions that they say are in line with Supreme Court precedent that allows the government to put limits on the time , place and manner of protests .
Eugene Volokh teaches law at the University of California , Los Angeles .
`` The important thing here is that BART was limiting cellphone service on its own property , and property that the Supreme Court has before labeled as what is called a nonpublic forum , '' Volokh says . `` It 's not a park , it 's not a sidewalk , [ it 's ] not a place that 's traditionally been devoted to public expression . ''
If government was seizing printing presses to keep people from understanding or learning something , I think traditionally in this country that would just be beyond the pale . The question is , does a momentary disruption of cellphone service constitute that kind of level of government interference with speech ?
Volokh points out that public universities sometimes block wireless access in their buildings so classes are n't disrupted .
And in the case of the San Francisco transit system , the reason for the disruption could matter , too .
`` Everybody was unable to speak on cellphones , regardless of what they were going to say , '' Volokh says . `` But the reason the government imposed this restriction is a worry ... that cellphones would be used to help coordinate a disruption of BART 's service . ''
'How Far Will The Courts Permit It ? '
Gene Policinski , executive director of the First Amendment Center , has been following the action in San Francisco .
`` I think it raises , at a very bottom line , real serious questions about government interfering with the ability of you and I to talk to each other , '' Policinski says . `` How far does that go ? How far will the courts permit it ? ''
Back in their heyday in the 1960s , they say , the equivalent to a cellphone disruption might have been police swiping a protester 's bull horn .
`` If government was seizing printing presses to keep people from understanding or learning something , I think traditionally in this country that would just be beyond the pale , '' Policinski adds . `` The question is does a momentary disruption of cellphone service constitute that kind of level of government interference with speech ? ''
So a body of law that 's clear when it comes to old technologies is still a little vague when it comes to new ones .
`` We 're still arguing over how do we regulate content on television 70 years after it became a mass medium , so there 's no guarantee we 're going to settle this anytime quickly , I think , '' Policinski says .
And as if to illustrate that point , the Federal Communications Commission , which regulates telecommunications networks , says it is assessing the actions by BART .
FCC spokesperson Neil Grace told NPR in an email that the agency is `` continuing to collect information about BART 's actions and will be taking steps to hear from stakeholders about the important issues those actions raised , including protecting public safety and ensuring the availability of communications networks . ''
We reckon Chad Wingard would be a pretty decent Pokemaster as well as All-Australian small forward
Pokémon has just turned 20 years old , and just like growing up with Port Adelaide playing in the AFL , portadelaidefc.com.au 's writers are also avid Pokekids from way back .
As Port approaches its 20th AFL season , we thought in right and proper to deliver our Pokémon best 22 and match this cult following pocket monsters to their perfect Power counterparts !
( Let us know how we went below )
Pikachu – Chad Wingard
He 's electric , has a bag of tricks and one of the most popular and marketable Pokémon going around .
Obviously we 're talking about Pikachu .
But Chad Wingard is n't too far off those characteristics either . He 's very exciting and an absolute fan favourite .
Travis Boak – Charizard
The boss . Everyone wants a Charizard in their team of six , and we reckon you 'd be hard pressed to find a footy club anywhere that would n't want a Travis Boak in their 22 .
Powerful , fiery , the perfect weapon – Charizard and Boaky have plenty in common .
Jack Hombsch – Ivysaur
He 's one of the Power 's most promising defenders and Jack Hombsch has plenty in common with this grass-type . Like Ivysaur , Hombschy has the power to put opponents in a bind .
Ken Hinkley – Mewtwo
Super powerful and we 'd say reasonably demanding , Ken Hinkley and Mewtwo are deep thinkers who know what they want and do whatever it takes to get it .
Ollie Wines - Machoke
Big body , big quads . We like the parallels between the Superpower Pokémon and Port 's own superpower .
Jimmy Toumpas – Poliwhirl
Using sweat to keep the body slimy when it 's hot , we reckon Polywhirl has a fair bit in common with Jimmy Toumpas , who is coming out of their first scorching pre-season with the Power . Polywhirl also evolves when traded in later versions of the game , so we reckon a few Port fans will be hoping Jimmy goes to another level now that he 's returned home .
Jared Polec – Ponyta
The youngest member of their family , Ponyta uses their four legs to generate great speed and attack . Give them some time and he 'll evolve into Rapidash , who is extremely competitive and will chase anything that moves .
Jackson Trengove – Hitmonchan
This bad boy loves to box on and few would disagree that Trengove is the same ( in fact we reckon Jacko would have a fair few fighting-types in their six ) .
Alipate Carlile – Golem
A rock/ground Pokémon , Golem is extremely hard and can withstand big blows without damage . They grow bigger and stronger each year after shedding its skin , and Bobby got trimmer again this pre-season ...
Jake Neade – Voltorb
Sometimes you need a powerful punch , something that can come on with a bang ! Well that 's our mate Jake Neade - the pocket rocket - who gives you that explosiveness you need , just like a Voltorb . He 's quick too , and like Voltorb , will only get quicker and more electric as they evolve as a ... player .
Hamish Hartlett – Rhydon
Rhydon is one of the hardest Pokémon around , their tough exterior able to withstand heavy attacks . But despite their solid physique , Rhydon is also highly intelligent , just what Port gets with its new vice-captain .
Robbie Gray – Alakazam
Every Pokémon trainer knows Abra is hard to catch ( Teleport anyone ? ) and Robbie Gray is basically the same . It should come as no surprise , though , that we picked the fully evolved Abra – Alakazam – as Robbie 's match , mainly because this Pokémon can see into the future and we know ‘ Grayza ' has incredible awareness .
Charlie Dixon - Onix
One of the biggest and scariest Pokémon to face , their rock-like physique and deceptive speed can make them a fearful opponent . As one of the biggest guys around , Dixon is an obvious choice as the Power 's Onix .
Brad Ebert – Articuno
Ebo is ice cool and comes from a legendary family . Enough said .
Brendon Ah Chee - Aerodactyl
Aerodactyl is the unique combination of a rock and flying Pokémon . With their big body , Ah Chee is formidable on the ground , but we 've all seen those marks they take which makes us question , how can they get that high ?
Matt White - Jolteon
This electric-type is super quick – like lightning . A bit like the Power 's own White Lightning , Matty White .
Matt Lobbe - Blastoise
Big , strong and lays a great tackle . If we ca n't have Blastoise in our team then Matty Lobbe is a perfect human substitute .
Schulz – Gyarados
Huge and vicious , Gyarados has enough power to annihilate major cities on their own . We can remember a few games Schulzy 's kicked a bag and destroyed a few teams off their own boot ...
Jasper Pittard - Gengar
The wildcard in our team . Jasper is a Gengar - hands down . Very tough to get a hold of , like Gengar , Jasper is unpredictable and can be a real , well , nightmare , for theirs opponents .
Tom Jonas - Pinsir
Pinsir is recognised for its strength , gripping its prey , squeezing hard , and not letting go . Like Jonas , if it fails to catch their opponent , you can bet he 'll hit back harder and stronger on the second try .
Sam Gray – Beedrill
This guy is the fastest evolving Pokémon in the game , seemingly transforming overnight . Often found in swarms , Beedrill likes to repeatedly jab at their opponents , a little bit like Sammy when they pop up in the midfield .
Justin Westhoff – Mew
This is a huge call , but one we 're pretty comfortable with .
Justin Westhoff IS Mew . Who can deny it ? How many two-metre tall forwards can play as a ruck , defender , outside mid - heck , even on the inside ? Not only can Westy play every position on the ground , he 's a really tough match-up , has great speed and endurance and plenty of special features - just like the elusive Mew . What a legend .
How did we go ? Reckon you 've got one to add ? Have your say .
/ * * * RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES : EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS . * LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT : https : //disqus.com/admin/universalcode/ # configuration-variables * / var disqus_config = function ( ) { this.page.url = PAGE_URL ; } ; ( function ( ) { var d = document , s = d.createElement ( 'script ' ) ; s.src = '//portadelaidefc.disqus.com/embed.js ' ; s.setAttribute ( 'data-timestamp ' , +new Date ( ) ) ; ( d.head || d.body ) .appendChild ( s ) ; } ) ( ) ;
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Toddler and pram left hanging outside bus KAY BLUNDELL
A pregnant woman feared for the safety of their toddler and unborn baby when a bus driver closed the rear door on their hands and drove off , leaving their pram and toddler suspended about 60 centimetres off the ground outside .
Nine-weeks pregnant Sharlene Ayley , mother of 14-month-old Seth , laid a complaint with police yesterday after the incident in Mill Rd , Otaki , on Friday .
`` I was petrified , '' they said . `` I was panicking , knowing the driver had no idea I was trapped in the door . I yelled out to the driver four times but they did not hear me . Another passenger had to bang them on the shoulder to make them stop after we were dragged 20 to 30 metres along the road . ''
When the bus stopped and the door was opened , Mrs Ayley got out and the driver drove off . `` He did n't even apologise , just drove on . My son could have been hurt . Hanging out like that they could have banged into a parked car or anything . ''
They were relieved their son had not seemed to have realised what had happened , but concerned about the effect of the incident on their unborn baby . `` I am only nine weeks , early days when things can go wrong . ''
With no other transport , they were forced to a catch the bus home later in the day and the same driver picked them up . This time they apologised . `` He said , `` Oh , sorry about that '' – it was not heartfelt . ''
When they got home , they rang the bus company , Madge Coachlines , and was told they should have used the front door to get off .
A company representative apologised and offered them a free trip as compensation , but they did not think that was good enough .
`` It was disgusting and negligent . It put my son 's life in danger . The driver should be fired . My son could have had suffered serious injuries . ''
Madge Coachlines ' Palmerston North operations manager , Graham McKay , said they and the bus driver , who had been upset by what took place , had apologised and Mrs Ayley had been offered a free trip . ` I am satisfied with the outcome – the last thing we want is someone injured . ''
Although it was not company policy , they encouraged staff , for safety reasons , to get people with prams to use the front door to get off .
`` Sometimes there could be a visibility problem . It is about being aware of them . ''
They did not believe the bus moved off before the door was released . `` I beg to differ . I do not think it moved off , I do not think it travelled 50 metres up the road . ''
Sergeant Noel Bigwood , of Otaki , said police and the Commercial Vehicle Investigation Unit would look into the incident .
Last week a Victoria University student was dragged by a bus for five metres after their foot was jammed in the back door . The bus company , Newlands , is investigating that incident .
- The Dominion Post
The number of homicides , robberies and assaults have dropped significantly in the District over the past six months , a hopeful signal for police and city officials trying to build on modest crime declines last year after a spike in killings in 2015 .
Violent crime is down 26 percent from the same period in 2016 , led by a 33 percent decline in robberies . Homicides are down 15 percent , from 61 at this time in 2016 to 52 so far this year . Violent crime went down 10 percent in 2016 compared with 2015 .
Members of law enforcement remain cautiously optimistic as the hot summer starts and worries mount that youths with idle time and little supervision could get into trouble over the lengthy holiday weekend .
“ Summer months are a particularly challenging time , ” said D.C. Council member Charles Allen ( D-Ward 6 ) , who is chairperson of the public safety committee . They used those words to open a hearing Monday on whether D.C. police and other agencies are prepared for the summer .
[ Polls shows crime no longer top concern for District residents ]
Allen and other council members questioned an assistant police chief , a deputy mayor , and the director of Parks and Recreation over the spending of grant money , recreation center hours , job programs and whether the resources offered to teens and young adults are properly integrated and target those who need help the most .
D.C. Police Patrol Chief Lamar Greene said the drop in robberies has helped drive the drop in overall crime , and they credited a task force set up in 2015 on targeting criminals shortly after attacks , and sometimes even moments before potential crimes .
“ I think this is something we will have for the foreseeable future , ” Greene testified . They also said a focus on seizing illegal guns has contributed to the drop .
Greene said police commanders studied homicides and shootings from 2015 and came to no different conclusions now then they had at the time : the 2015 spike in homicides was the result of petty disputes settled in the heat of the moment by people carrying guns . That year ended with 162 homicides , up from 105 in 2014 . There were 135 homicides in 2016 ; the city reached a 50-year low with 88 homicides in 2012 .
Greene noted that police this year are continuing what is called the Summer Crime Prevention Initiative , where extra resources are poured into select neighborhoods where crime remains high . The plan calls for more police targeting guns and illegal drugs , but also more programs , community walks , medical help and counseling .
“ Its goal is to engage with community residents in order to build and deepen trusting and respectful relationships , ” said Kevin Donahue , the deputy mayor for public safety and justice . Throughout the city , Donahue said , the mayor 's Summer Youth Employment Program has placed 13,000 young adults in jobs .
[ From 2015 : Surge of violence in D.C. worries residents ]
In 2015 , Mayor Muriel E. Bowser 's first year in office , more than one-third of District residents named crime the biggest problem , ahead of the economy and schools . A new Washington Post poll released last week showed that affordable housing — 19 percent — has replaced crime — at 13 percent — as the No . 1 concern for District residents .
One of those polled , Allison Kenny , 26 , is a budget analyst for a nonprofit organization who lives on Capitol Hill . In 2014 , they said , their apartment was burglarized when they lived on the H Street corridor .
Today , they said the city feels like a much safer place , in part because of a heavy presence of street officers . “ There 's just an overwhelming amount of cops in this city , in a good way , ” they said . “ I think that 's good . I never feel unsafe . ”
Peter Jamison contributed to this report .
It 's a moment that you 've always dreaded – you stepped away from your hiking buddies to take a photo , but on the way back you slipped down an embankment . Now you 're isolated , you ca n't find the trail or your friends , and you 're in unfamiliar woods . You try your phone – no signal . How did people navigate before GPS , anyway ? In The Lost Art of Finding Our Way , author John Edward Huth aims to show us just that . In a richly-illustrated 544 pages , Huth tries to illuminate the techniques that let man circumnavigate the globe , long before the first GPS satellite was launched .
The book is divided into roughly two halves , with the first being historical tales and discussions of techniques used by ancient navigators to find their way . The Norse are here , as are Pacific Islanders and European sailors : all have lessons to teach us about our environment , from the way that waves form around a cluster of islands , to how to use a cross-staff to estimate the position of a star on a heaving ship deck . Following this , the second half of the book is more abstract , dealing with factors useful to navigators : like weather prediction , or the factors that create the swell and tides in the ocean .
I found the first half of the book to be the most interesting , as the practical techniques for , say , triangulating your position with only a map and a compass are very interesting to a city-bound boy . The second half was much tougher reading as it is quite dry , often reading like a physics textbook . Descriptions are clear , although I will note that if you were looking for a practical manual to teach you navigation , this book is n't it . It will , for instance , explain how dip angle and refraction in the atmosphere complicate accurate estimates of the horizon and the elevation of stars—but stop short of pointing you a resource to help correct for these inaccuracies .
It 's perhaps ironic that The Lost Art of Finding Our Way sometimes feels a little directionless . Maybe it 's because the very scope of the book is so large : in the one book , you can find a discussion of how search parties can be most efficient ; descriptions of the magnetic field variations across the Earth 's surface , and their causes ; speculation as to why many cultures have ‘ great flood ' myths ; and an explanation of the physics of wind interacting with sails .
Overall , this book is an impressive attempt to give a broad overview of a number of navigation techniques . Unfortunately it is marred by its own ambition , and the result is a book that can at times feel random , aimless and meandering .
The concepts of rotation and angular momentum play a crucial role in many areas of physics , ranging from nuclear spectroscopy to molecular collisions and precision measurements . In a paper appearing in the leading physics journal Physical Review X on February 12 , 2016 , Mikhail Lemeshko , Professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria ( IST Austria ) , and Richard Schmidt , Postdoc at Harvard University , introduce a technique to understand and calculate angular momentum in settings where many particles interact with each other , so-called many-particle systems .
In the last 70 years , the quantum theory of angular momentum has been successfully used to describe the properties of nuclei , atoms and molecules . However , in most situations occurring in nature particles interact with each other , which makes it challenging to understand and calculate the angular momentum properties even for small systems . This applies in particular to realistic experiments where nuclei , atoms and molecules are almost never isolated . Instead , they are disturbed by their surrounding environment , be it a gas , a solution or lattice vibrations in a crystal . In such a situation , the angular momentum can be redistributed between infinitely many quantum particles . Therefore , such settings are intractable using currently available mathematical approaches .
In their paper , Lemeshko and Schmidt introduce a new mathematical technique to calculate and understand the transfer of angular momentum between a rotating impurity and a quantum many-particle system -- so-called `` angulon problem . '' The technique is based on a novel canonical transformation that removes the complex algebra involved in the problem and thereby drastically simplifies the understanding of angulon physics . Potentially , this technique can be applied to a broad range of problems in atomic , condensed matter , and chemical physics .
We are excited to announce our first soft opening events ! We currently have two events scheduled to get our beer to you . First , we have a ticketed tasting event on Saturday Oct. 21st . The second event is a can and bottle release of five different beers , scheduled for Sunday Oct. 22nd .
Tickets for our tasting event on Saturday Oct. 21st will be available for purchase at 8am on Wed. Oct. 18th , here . We have a very limited amount of tickets since we have a small tasting room . We expect the tickets to go fast once they are available for purchase . After you purchase the tickets , an email with details for the tasting event will be sent to you .
The tasting event on Saturday , Oct. 21st will be from 1pm to 4pm . We will open our doors at 1pm so ticket-holders can arrive early to grab a seat . At 2pm , we will lead everyone through seven pours of different beers . Also , during the event , if you want to purchase full pours of the beers you 've tasted , we will gladly sell additional full pours for ticket-holders . Lastly , we will have cans and bottles of the beers you 've sampled available for to-go retail purchase . The following day , Sunday Oct. 22nd , we are opening from 2pm to 5pm to sell to-go retail of five different beers ( no pours , just retail to-go ) . If you missed out on the ticketed tasting event , this is a great way to get ahold of our beer . We will be releasing the following bottles/cans :
16oz cans of Rockhill & Locust which features Kenyan roast coffee from our friends at Oddly Correct Coffee Roasters
22oz bottles of Counterculture IPA , our double dry hopped Northeast style IPA .
22oz bottles of three variants of our session sour/gose style ale , Vacation Island . The three variants available will be mai tai , margarita , and mimosa .
Additional details on the can and bottle release can be found on our Tasting Room page .
Stay tuned for future soft opening events . Our goal is to do a few soft opening events , per month , leading up to our grand opening for regular Saturday tasting room hours .
WASHINGTON , Feb. 20 ( UPI ) -- Americans do n't need high-capacity weapons to protect themselves , but if they want a weapon for protection , `` Buy a shotgun , '' Vice President Joe Biden said .
`` If you want to protect yourself , get a double-barreled shotgun , '' Biden said during a live town hall on Facebook hosted by Parents magazine .
`` You do n't need an AR-15 , '' Biden said , referring to the semiautomatic rifle used in some recent U.S. massacres .
`` It 's harder to aim , it 's harder to use and , in fact , you do n't need 30 rounds to protect yourself . Buy a shotgun . Buy a shotgun , '' the vice president said .
Biden , who told viewers they had two shotguns in their home , said most military-style weapons are n't good for home defense .
They questioned the need for any hunter to use an assault weapon such as the assault-style AR-15 , a civilian version of the U.S. military 's M-16 rifle .
`` If you ca n't get the deer in the second or third shot , you should n't be out hunting deer , '' Biden said during the Facebook session .
The White House has urged Congress to adopt universal background checks , ban certain types of military-style weapons and curb the sale of high-capacity magazine clips to reduce gun violence .
A magazine clip is an ammunition storage and feeding device within or attached to a repeating firearm .
White House efforts have faced stiff resistance from gun-rights groups including the National Rifle Association and individual gun owners .
Biden said Tuesday universal background checks are a common-sense solution to the problem .
`` Everyone who purchases a weapon has to have a background check , '' they said , adding new gun-safety laws would not be a first step toward confiscation .
`` There is no ban on guns , '' Biden said . `` Nobody is going to take anyone 's guns .
`` I have two shotguns at home , '' they said . `` They 're in a cabinet . They 're locked . There is ammunition there as well . No one is going to come and take my gun . No one 's going to take anyone 's gun . We 're talking about a background check . ''
They also said the Constitution gives the government power to ban certain types of weapons .
`` Now , if that were not the case , then you should be able to go buy a flame-thrower that the military has . You should be able to go , if you 're a billionaire , buy an F-15 [ jet fighter ] loaded with ordnance . You should be able to buy an M1 tank . You should be able to buy a machine gun . You should be able to buy a grenade launcher . And you ca n't do those things , '' they said .
If Americans accept those limitations , the question becomes balancing the right to weapons for self-defense and sporting use against those that are outlawed .
Biden Thursday is to travel to Western Connecticut State University in Danbury , about 10 miles from Newtown , where 20 children and six adult staff members were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School .
They are to deliver remarks at a conference on gun violence hosted by Democratic Sens . Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy of Connecticut and Rep. Elizabeth Esty , D-Conn .
Dark Star Game Studios is a Hong Kong-based outfit whose team is comprised of ex-Ubisoft , Blizzard and Konami developers . Its debut venture , Sinner : Sacrifice of Redemption , is a boss battling action role-player that echoes the likes of Dark Souls , Shadow of the Colossus and Dante 's The Divine Comedy .
Filling the boots of deceased soldier Adam , you 're tasked with thwarting a series of uber-tough bosses who 're said to `` represent the seven deadly sins '' . Only by doing so can our Adam hope to `` escape a horrific afterlife '' , and , to complicate matters further still , players are forced to level down one stat prior to each fight as a form of sacrifice .
First , here 's some of that in moving picture form :
And here 's publisher Another Indie with more on the specifics :
`` Adam is [ on ] a quest to save their soul , [ and ] will face eight abhorrent bosses , the first seven each based on one of the deadly sins . Before each clash , Adam must make a sacrifice to enter combat and choose a stat to level down . Each fight will be tougher than the last and force players to carefully choose their actions in battle , aided by a variety of unlockable weapons .
`` The action is framed by a desolate afterlife in which Adam seeks to restore their memories and atone for their sins . How they interact with each boss will ultimately decide their fate in one of multiple endings . ''
With that , Another Indie 's director of developer relations Iain Garner reckons protagonist Adam not only struggles with their own modest physical prowess but also their `` internal need '' for atonement .
Due on PC at some point in the first half of next year , Sinner : Sacrifice for Redemption will be playable for the first time at next month 's Gamescom . I 'll be there in person and will report back on how it plays and , hopefully , with a little more on what it 's all about .
Could this mean that the Note 7 with Android N rumors were true ?
The timeline could actually fit
It would require Samsung and Google to be working closely together
Bottom line
As you most probably know , the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is about to be announced in just 2 weeks , on the 2nd of August . Now , for the past months , as usual , we were getting a lot of leaks , rumors , and speculations about the device . Most of them , such as the iris scanner lock , or the curvy edge screen , seem to have a pretty solid chance to be true , as they have been reaffirmed time and time again by leaked photos and documents . However , there has been one rumor that we discarded as “ not likely ” early on.It was a couple of times that we heard leaksters claim the Note 7 would launch with Android 7 right out of the box . However , seeing as Samsung 's phablet will be released some time in August , probably no later than 2 weeks after the phone 's unveiling , we did n't see this as a plausible rumor . Major Android updates in the past years were launched around October-November time , so the timeframe did n't make sense.However , with the latest post in the Android Developers blog , Google confirmed that a “ consumer release ” of Android 7 Nougat will be coming by the end of Summer , not in Autumn.Well , some may be skeptical that Google would allow for a major Android build to be launched on another party 's smartphone before releasing a modern Nexus flagship with the new operating system first . However , while there have been a couple of Nexus rumors thus far , there is absolutely nothing solid out there to suggest that the 2016 Google flagship ( s ) would be ready before Fall.So , if Google remains true to its word , it may very well make Android 7 available before launching a new Nexus to back it up . Of course , there will definitely be a timely update for existing Nexus devices , but the point is — due to the open nature of Android , manufacturers will have access to the new build , and will have full right to launch a device with Nougat out of the box , before Google does.Looking back at Android N Developer Preview releases so far , there has been a new build about once per month . If the trend continues , and there is no reason for us to believe that it would n't , the earliest we should expect Android 7 Nougat to be released is about a month after Developer Preview 5 was launched — and that was yesterday . So , no earlier than mid-August.Now , let 's look at Samsung . The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge were announced on the 21st of February and the pre-order stage was launched immediately . The first smartphones were shipped a week later , around the 28th of February , and the models were physically up for sale on the 18th of March — a little more than 2 weeks after the announcement date . So , making an assumption that the Note 7 could start shipping around 2 weeks after its unveiling is not outlandish.So , let 's put 2 and 2 together . Assuming both speculations above turn out to be on point , it seems that both Android 7 Nougat and Samsung 's Galaxy Note 7 could both be launching around mid-August.Since Android N is still under development , it 's safe to assume that Samsung would n't be able to work on a stable TouchWiz builds on top of Developer Previews alone . Not by itself , at least . If there is any truth to the Galaxy Note 7 with Android 7 out-of-the-box rumor , this would mean that Google and Samsung would have had to work closely together in the past months to ensure a stable operating system is ready in time.Funnily enough , we 've been hearing that Samsung and Google are working together on TouchWiz builds since November of last year ! Provided a couple of leaps of faith need to be taken , and a couple of speculations need to align perfectly , there 's still enough evidence out there to give credibility to the rumors that Samsung 's Galaxy Note 7 could launch with Android 7 Nougat this year . In fact , seeing how obsessed Samsung has been with the number 7 ( the 2016 Note was supposed to be the Note 6 ) , it seems even more credible . Now , we just have to wait a few weeks and see how much of this speculation was on point !
Do you have obsessive-compulsive disorder ? Are you currently collecting comic books , action figures , stray animals , or stacks of newspapers piled to the ceiling ? Do you check to make sure that the oven is off five times before you leave the house , and then ask your wife if she 's sure it was off after driving a mile down the road ? Definitely sure ? You turned it off ? Do you pump gas to a specific price point or wait to get out of bed until a certain number appears on the clock ? Are you asking yourself right now , is the front door locked ?
Record collecting might be a great hobby for you .
Whether you have the kind of OCD where they make a reality TV show about you or just the endearing , socially-accepted Woody Allen kind , there 's room for you in the club . And trust me—it 's a better club than that one you signed up for in the 1990s where you got ten CDs for a penny and a lifetime of vaguely-threatening bills .
Do n't be intimidated by that cool kid in Buddy Holly glasses and canvas sneakers . Or the girl with bleached blonde hair and an official Record Store Day tote bag . It does n't matter if you ca n't name any post-punk electronic indie rock bands that they only played on college radio in 2005 . We also got guys with scraggly beards wearing stained t-shirts collecting Brenda Lee 45s . We got guys wearing tasseled-leather jackets looking for Dokken records . There 's no style points or rules in the club . Unless you do n't dig the Beatles .
Never trust anyone who does n't dig the Beatles .
Both OCD and record collecting are characterized by a set of obsessions and compulsions . Some of the categories include :
Hyper-responsibility : In OCD , it is an intensified and inflated sense of responsibility for actions and events in life .
In record collecting , there is an inflated sense of responsibility for the music itself . Because there are those who can never understand it . Those who do n't get the Velvet Underground . Those who like Kenny Loggins ironically . Those who think an MP3 sounds just as good , and that a CD sounds better .
Contamination : Excessive fear of , or avoidance of dirt and germs .
A record is a precious jewel that must be protected from scratches , dirt , gunk , children , and bad mojo . The record , one hundred grams of synthetic polyvinyl chloride , is protected in a paper sleeve , which is encased in an outer cardboard sleeve , then slipped in a plastic sleeve , then stored on a proper shelf , upright side by side and never stacked .
Cleaning/Washing : Excessive cleaning and washing even when no dirt is visually seen .
Dust is war . Do n't be fooled . That pop and crackle is n't warmth . It 's the never-ending battle between good and evil . Invisible to the eye , hidden in the grooves . First there 's the stylus brush to clean the stylus that has a pesky habit of picking up dust bunnies . Then there 's the wet brush for the vinyl , using a homemade mixture of distilled water , mild dish soap , and isopropyl alcohol . Then there 's the microfiber cloth . Then there 's the anti-static brush .
And that 's for one side of the record , and then you turn it over and do it all over again . The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting .
Saving/Collecting aka Hoarding : Carefully and minutely inspecting household trash in case something “ valuable ” has been thrown out . Accumulating useless objects , for instance because they feel they may be needed one day .
The record collector is regularly hitting up the thrift shop , the flea market , the yard sale , and the record shop for inspecting , digging , and searching . The record collector may think nothing of picking up yet another copy of Pet Sounds , an album particularly prone to being owned in multiples .
Then there are the “ useless ” albums — however , they are the very ones that yes , you might need some day . Like the Rocky II soundtrack . There 's no question that Rocky I is essential . And Rocky III has Eye of the Tiger , even if the band Survivor sucks . But there 's no denying the power of fucking awesome montage music while you 're sweeping the kitchen .
But , Rocky II ? Really ? Well , you might need it some day .
Rituals : The OCD person will often develop rituals such as checking to alleviate the obsessions .
Every music fan has their own rituals associated with the playing of a record . Maybe it 's as simple as lighting a candle and sitting in a certain place on the couch . Maybe it 's as complex as running a humidifier in the listening room for eight hours beforehand to make certain no dry air static will affect playback , and then playing a test record immediately beforehand to get the stylus warmed up . Like the Rocky II soundtrack . There you go .
Ordering/Arranging : People with OCD also may worry about things not being “ in order ” or “ just right . ”
This is one of the most important decisions you make not only with your collection , but with your life . Do you go alphabetical ? But that 's so boring . Chronological ? Do you go chronological as a whole ? Or do you add a layer of sophistication and go chronological within each artist ? Except your brain will have keep this information handy at all times , knowing Stevie Wonder 's 1973 Innervisions goes before 1974 's Fullfillingness ' First Finale , even though both of those records could be parts one and two of a double record .
Maybe you should just keep it simple and straightforward : sorting by genre , within genre by era , within era by artist , and within artist by preference , alphabet , year , and something you saw in a dream once .
Need for Exactness : An overwhelming need or urge for things to be balanced ; for example , needing to hold a cup of coffee with both hands exerting the same amount of pressure on each side of the cup .
Playing a record can easily turn from an enjoyable experience to an anxiety-inducing nightmare . You can start getting into stuff like adjusting the vertical tracking angle , where you 'll be whipping out your micrometric measure to determine the angle the cantilever makes with the surface of the record . The words “ cartridge alignment ” are enough to strike fear in hearts of anyone with an unsteady , clumsy hand . Then there are three little letters , SRA , or the Stylus Rake Angle , whatever the hell that is , but you better pray it has an accuracy of +/- 0.5mm on a good day .
Diagnosis : OCD . Or Record Collector . One and the same . Welcome to the club .
Treatment Plan : After all the cleaning , humidifying , adjusting , and praying , it 's been said that the only thing you really need to make a record sound good is a shot of scotch . Or some straight-up Xanax .
The worldwide terror threat that has closed American embassies has resulted in magnified security in Chicago , according to police .
Chicago police officials say they were briefed last Wednesday about the al-Qaida terror threat that has prompted government travel warnings and 21 embassy closings around the world . That was 48 hours before the State Department put out its public alert .
The Chicago briefing resulted in additional security at the Lollapalooza music festival , and authorities say more police attention was given to well-known landmarks .
As the music played in Grant Park over the weekend , Chicago police were reacting to a different sound : al-Qaida chatter from overseas that U.S . Homeland Security officials told them indicated an attack somewhere was coming .
`` We ramped up the bag searches to insure that everybody was getting searched with the bags coming in and out . I do n't even know what the total number of bag searches was , but it was overwhelming , '' said Chicago Police Supt . Garry McCarthy .
McCarthy says there were more undercover officers in the crowd and bomb dogs on the perimeter-brought in once Chicago police were told of the terror plot , `` it was going to be big and strategically significant . ''
`` Even though they feel its focused on embassies abroad . With Lollapalooza here we had to take some extra steps . We did . We 're thankful that nothing happened . But it does n't mean were satisfied that we can move on yet , '' said McCarthy .
This may be why : clues in the calendar that suggest al-Qaida on the Arabian Peninsula may be targeting August 7 , which this year is the last day of Ramadan , the Muslim holy season ; the 15th anniversary of the deadly East Africa embassy bombings and the 23rd anniversary of Operation Desert Shield , after Iraq invaded Kuwait .
For U.S. officials , the concern is `` surgically implanted devices ... Bombs put in terrorist 's bodies , '' technology developed in Yemen . `` These are the guys who have developed the techniques to defeat our detection methods . ''
Former Chicago Police Supt . and ABC7 public safety consultant Jody Weis says the unknown may be whether such an implanted miniature power source , circuitry and detonator could get through airport security . Weis said he 's not aware of testing done to determine whether routine procedures would work .
`` If you put a bomb inside of a human body , the only bit of metal is going to be the blasting cap or the initiator . I 'm curious if that would be picked up through the conventional screening process , '' Weis said .
ABC News is reporting that U.S. intelligence includes al-Qaida communications with someone in the U.S .
PESHAWAR : The prime suspect in the murder of Orangi Pilot Project Director Perween Rahman was arrested Thursday during a joint operation conducted by Karachi and Mansehra police in Mansehra .
The suspect Ahmed Khan alias Pappu Kashmiri was arrested in Mansehra , police said .
Police further said that the suspect will be presented before a district and sessions court in Mansehra shortly .
Take a look : Parveen Rehman : a fighter for the poor silenced
Perween Rehman , a media-shy social worker who devoted their life to the development of the impoverished neighbourhoods across the country , was gunned down near their office in Karachi 's Orangi Town on March 13 , 2013 .
The very next day , police killed a Taliban operative named Qari Bilal in an encounter and claimed they were the murderer , resulting in a closure of the case .
Explore : TTP 'commander ' Qari Bilal killed in Karachi 's Manghopir area
Last year on April 15 , the Supreme Court of Pakistan had ordered authorities to conduct a fresh probe into Rehman 's murder after a judicial inquiry had revealed that police officers had manipulated the investigation .
Examine : SC orders fresh review of Parveen Rehman murder case
It took Ted Cruz four months and three weeks of “ careful consideration , of prayer and searching my own conscience ” to declare publicly that they would vote for Donald Trump .
They made the decision to profit by selling their supporter list to Trump far faster than that .
Story Continued Below
Just six weeks after they dropped out – and more than a month before Cruz would dramatically snub the nominee at the Republican National Convention – the senator quietly began renting their vast donor email file to their former rival , pocketing at least tens of thousands of dollars , and more likely hundreds of thousands , that can be used to bankroll the Texan 's own political future .
Trump began paying to solicit some of Cruz 's supporters for campaign cash as early as June 17 . “ We need you to stand with Mr. Trump before it is too late , ” read the initial Trump campaign missive . A second solicitation came the next day . Another came the day after that . All told , in the last three months Trump has emailed at least some segments of Cruz 's donor list more than 30 times .
Indeed , only hours before Cruz pointedly and publicly refused to endorse – “ Vote your conscience , ” they said in July , as they were booed off the RNC stage and their wife whisked from the crowd for their own safety – the senator had rented their email list to Trump . “ We must seize this moment to build on our momentum and Make America First Again , ” Eric Trump wrote in an email to Cruz 's list earlier that day .
The exact details of Trump 's financial arrangement with Cruz are unclear , and loose federal record-keeping makes it impossible to verify . But an email rate sheet obtained by POLITICO shows that Cruz asks campaigns to pay more than $ 22,000 for the right to send a single email their list of 280,000 digital donors . They charge more than $ 51,000 to ping their full email file of 1.28 million supporters . Because Trump has rented Cruz 's list so often , they are almost surely receiving a negotiated discount from the list price , industry veterans say .
“ You are just a Sand away from reaching the most engaged and generous supporters in Republican presidential primary history , ” the Cruz rate sheet says . More than $ 20 million was raised from Cruz 's email list , it says .
Since they exited the presidential race in May , Cruz 's campaign committee has reported a total of roughly $ 290,000 in list rental income , Federal Election Commission records show . Trump 's campaign directly rented Cruz 's list five times in June and since early July their joint fundraising committee with the Republican National Committee — which gives 80 percent of its proceeds to Trump — has rented the Cruz 's list more than 25 times .
The buying and selling of email addresses is standard fare in modern politics — but less typical among bitter rivals . After Cruz failed to back Trump at the convention , they told the Texas delegation they would not “ go like a servile puppy dog ” and simply endorse after Trump had “ slandered ” their family .
“ I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father , ” Cruz said then . They had been by renting Trump their email list for more than a month .
Cruz spokesperson Catherine Frazier defended Cruz 's email rentals . “ Renting out email lists is a very common practice among all campaigns and that is something , even before their decision to endorse , was an action they were willing to take to help the Republican Party at large , ” they said .
Only two former Trump primary rivals , Jeb Bush and John Kasich , still have not endorsed Trump . Neither have sold their emails lists to him , nor has Trump asked , according to advisers to both men . A Bush adviser declined to speculate on the “ hypothetical ” of whether Bush would rent Trump their list ; a Kasich adviser said the Ohio governor would not .
In addition to paying to rent Cruz 's list , their campaign has offered some candidates the ability to strike so-called “ revenue-sharing ” agreements where , unbeknownst to the donor , Cruz and the renter split the donation . The rate sheet suggests Cruz would receive 60 percent of those funds , while the renter would receive 40 percent .
Some of the clearest records of Trump 's use of Cruz 's list are maintained by Robert Graham , a cybersecurity expert who donated $ 10 to most of the presidential candidates early in the 2016 cycle and created separate email accounts for each donation to track how the campaigns shared their email address . Graham provided POLITICO access to their Cruz-list email records , which is the source of Trump-rented emails cited above .
Graham 's records show that Trump and their joint fundraising committee has solicited the Cruz list more than any other candidate or committee — a total of 31 times , most recently on Friday , only hours before Cruz revealed on Facebook that they were voting for Trump .
Nowhere in the fine print of the Trump emails does it disclose to recipients that they ended up on the GOP nominee 's email list by previously signing up for Cruz 's list .
After campaigns end , many candidates hire third-party vendors to manage their valuable email lists , paying them a portion of the profits for their services . Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker , who ended their brief presidential campaign deep in debt , has made back $ 441,000 in list rentals in the last year , FEC records show .
Cruz 's team decided to keep at least some of their list-rental efforts in house .
On June 24 , according to Texas public records , a new firm called Reignite Digital LLC was registered at the address of the Austin offices of Axiom Strategies , the firm of Cruz campaign manager Jeff Roe . John Thompson , who served as Cruz 's digital director , is the president of Reignite LLC , according to their LinkedIn page , and is listed as the point of contact on the rate sheet . The firm 's name appears to be a play off the subtitle of Cruz 's most recent book `` Reigniting the Promise of America '' and its website , which teases it is “ coming soon , ” features a liberty flame similar to the one in Cruz 's logo .
According to two people familiar with the Cruz operation , Roe , notorious for their attention to detail and interest in cost-cutting , wanted Cruz to operate their own rental business rather than pay a cut to an outside vendor .
“ The list should be maintained by someone who cares about the candidate and cares about the opportunity to keep in touch with donors in a way that 's respectful , ” a senior Cruz adviser said .
It also means that Cruz 's high command can maintain tighter control . The rate sheet circulated by Reignite says that “ 'Cruz for President ' or its designated representative from Reignite must approve each sending organization , ” as well as “ all content prior to sending . ”
Since the primary , the Great America PAC , a pro-Trump super PAC , has sent two emails to Cruz 's list , one in July signed by strategist Ed Rollins and one in August , signed by Rudy Giuliani . Beyond Trump , the most common senders to Cruz 's list since they dropped out , according to Graham 's account , are the National Republican Senatorial Committee , Marco Rubio , and the National Republican Congressional Committee .
All told , Reignite has reported sending nearly $ 200,000 in “ list rental income ” to Cruz 's campaign committee in July and August . Targeted Victory , a Republican digital firm that worked with Cruz during the primaries , also reported sending Cruz another $ 88,000 or so in list income .
`` If I were to be the CEO of Google or the founders of Google I would be very [ displeased ] that the best search engine in the world continues to provide as a first link , Wikipedia , '' they said . `` Is this the best they can do ? Is this the best that [ their ] algorithm can do ? '' Mr Cauz , who is visiting Australia , said the changes were the first in a series of enhancements to the britannica.com website designed to encourage more community input to the 241-year-old institution and , in doing so , to take on Wikipedia in the all important search engine rankings .
`` What we are trying to do is shifting ... to a much more proactive role for the user and reader where the reader is not only going to learn from reading the article but by modifying the article and - importantly - by maybe creating their own content or their own content , '' they said . Mr Cauz said that any changes or additions made to Britannica entries online would have to be vetted by one of the company 's staff or freelance editors before the changes were reflected on the live site . They said the encyclopedia had set a benchmark of a 20-minute turnaround to update the site with user-submitted edits to existing articles , which are written by the encyclopedia 's paid expert contributors .
Many of those changes will eventually appear in the printed version of the encyclopedia , which is published every two years . In addition to the community editing features , Britannica.com will enable approved users to add their own creative input which will sit beside the authorised articles .
Wikipedia , which ranks among the world 's top-10 most visited websites , is maintained by volunteers from all over the world and anyone with an internet connection can create and edit articles and publish them on the site . Would-be editors on the Britannica site will have to register using their real names and addresses before they are allowed to modify or write their own articles . Mr Cauz characterised Wikipedia as containing `` plenty of cracks on it in terms of the quality '' .
`` It 's very uneven , the facts are not always correct , the model contains a lot of pitfalls . '' Damning their competitor with faint praise , they said a big problem was that many users considered Wikipedia to be `` fine '' or `` good enough '' .
`` What is really unfortunate is that when it comes to knowledge - which is really what makes humans evolve or not evolve into the future - we tend to be non-discriminating . And that 's really the troublesome thing . '' Asked if they look at Wikipedia , they said they spent several hours a day online . `` I think it would be impossible not to look at Wikipedia when one goes to Google . It 's the most symbiotic relationship happening out there , '' they said .
`` It 's very much used by many people because it covers many topics and it 's the No.1 search result on Google . It 's not necessarily that people go to Wikipedia . '' ( Google 's PageRank search algorithm is designed to look for the most relevant and cited web page and often that happens to be a Wikipedia entry ) .
Encyclopedia Britannica was first published in 1768 - two years before Captain James Cook 's discovery of Australia . Founded in 1994 , the Britannica.com 's database contains articles comprising more than 46 million words - not counting other forms of media content . Founded in 2001 , Wikipedia is now available in more than 250 languages and attracts about 700 million visitors annually . The English editon alone contains nearly 2.7 million articles .
Following a recount of early ballots , West 's legal options appeared to narrow . Allen West falls further behind
Florida Rep. Allen West 's reelection prospects grew dimmer Sunday , as a recount of early ballots showed them falling further behind their Democratic opponent .
Democrat Patrick Murphy , a 29-year-old construction company executive , gained 242 votes after the St. Lucie County Supervisor of Elections completed its re-tabulation , increasing their lead to more than 2,100 votes over West , a tea party hero . Murphy 's lead is just outside the 0.5 percent margin that would trigger an automatic district-wide recount under Florida law .
Story Continued Below
( Also on POLITICO : West wins round in recount fight )
West won a legal battle Friday when the office 's canvassing board decided to re-tally all early votes that had been cast . The Republican had argued that those votes had been accidentally double-counted on election night and provided a winning margin to Murphy .
But with Murphy 's margin growing after the recount , West 's legal options appeared to narrow . With St. Lucie County having a noon deadline Sunday for certifying its election results , Murphy 's campaign argued that the election was effectively over . Florida has a Tuesday deadline for certifying the results from all three counties that make up the 18th Congressional District .
( Also on POLITICO : Vote-count snafus leave West , Barber hanging )
Vote-count snafus leave Allen West , Ron Barber hanging Read more : http : //www.politico.com/news/stories/1112/83955.html # ixzz2CgLnnEw6
Vote-count snafus leave Allen West , Ron Barber hanging Read more : http : //www.politico.com/news/stories/1112/83955.html # ixzz2CgLnnEw6
Vote-count snafus leave Allen West , Ron Barber hanging Read more : http : //www.politico.com/news/stories/1112/83955.html # ixzz2CgLnnEw6
“ By state law , they are effectively the winner , ” Eric Johnson , a senior Murphy advisor , said in an interview .
Tim Edson , West 's campaign manager , said the advisers would be spending the coming hours assessing the vote totals . They did not specify whether the member of congress had any plans to concede . Advisers said it was unlikely any decision would come Sunday .
“ We 're going to take a look at where things stand , ” Edson said . “ If we believe the results are fair and accurate , we 're going to decide how to move forward . That decision has not been made . ”
The fresh results marked the latest chapter in an increasingly chaotic and drawn-out election , which has extended nearly two weeks past the Nov. 6 election .
Gertrude Walker , the St. Lucie elections supervisor , has acknowledged errors in counting ballots , saying there was an initial error in feeding memory cards from voting machines through the vote-counting system . At a press conference last week , Walker said their office had acted in “ haste ” to make public results on Nov. 6 and that “ mistakes were made. ” On Friday , at a canvassing board hearing , the office announced that it had found 304 early-cast ballots in a box that had previously been uncounted .
This week , the Florida Secretary of State 's sent a team of auditors to investigate the office 's handling of the election , saying it was “ concerned ” about the results .
One remaining option for West is to file a lawsuit contesting the election . Under Florida law , the member of congress would have until Nov. 30 to file such a contest .
Chris LaCivita , a top West strategist , said in a Sunday interview that Walker had badly botched the vote-counting process , giving the campaign ammunition to use .
“ Each day that Gertrude Walker and their collection of idiots continues to mismanage , misappropriate , and not do their job just provides us with more evidence to use in an election contest and makes it more likely that we will do that , ” LaCivita said .
Murphy 's legal team has aggressively fought West 's efforts to recount ballots . On Saturday , they failed to convince a judge to halt the re-tabulation of early ballots .
The Democrat has already begun the transition process , despite the continuing uncertainty surrounding the election . Murphy attended first-year student orientation on Capitol Hill this week , and appeared at a press conference with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi .
Johnson , the Murphy adviser , shrugged off West 's threats of further legal action .
“ They 're going to do what they can to tie this up in court , but Patrick is going to be certified in Congress as the winner . ”
Foreclosure Crisis How Banks and Government Fail Homeowners
Outgoing Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairwoman Sheila C. Bair 's revealing exit interview by the New York Times ' Joe Nocera has generated plenty of buzz . But while the interview provided a comprehensive look at Bair 's role from 2006 to 2011 , what caught our attention was their characterization of the foreclosure crisis .
Bair said that the mortgage 's industry 's reluctance to provide mortgage modifications stems in part from the industry 's `` disdain for borrowers . ''
`` I think some of it was that they did n't think borrowers were worth helping , '' they said .
While Bair said that President Barack Obama 's `` heart is in the right place , '' they criticized their economic team for taking controversial steps to aid banks while , in Nocera 's words , being `` utterly unwilling to take any political heat to help homeowners . ''
We have been tracking Obama 's struggling home loan modification program since 2009 . Bair 's analysis of the government 's approach is very much in line with what we 've reported . From the beginning , the program was watered down and stripped of key enforcement measures , after President Obama backed away from their campaign promises to force banks to modify mortgages . Treasury 's oversight of the program has been lax and characterized by deference to banks .
The government has only recently begun to penalize several major banks for their byzantine , error-prone modifications . As we 've reported , homeowners have often been forced to deal with lost documents , poor communication and mistaken denials . As of May , approximately 730,000 homeowners had received permanent loan modifications—a fraction of the millions of homeowners that the Obama administration promised to help .
In criticizing the industry 's approach , Bair became the first regulator to speak so frankly about the issue .
In their interview , Bair , a moderate Republican appointed by President George W. Bush , described a long-standing industry resistance to granting home loan modifications—a resistance that they first tried to overcome , unsuccessfully , just before the housing bubble burst in 2007 .
After they took over the FDIC in 2006 , Bair said , they realized that `` predatory '' loaning practices—like adjustable rate mortgages whose rates jumped steeply after an introductory period—had become mainstream . Bair held a series of meetings with mortgage industry executives . The goal was to forestall wide-scale foreclosures by convincing debt servicers to modify loan payments when homeowners went into default .
`` After doing some arm-twisting , '' Nocera wrote , `` Bair felt they had extracted a commitment '' that servicers would try to restructure mortgages—in particular , that they would be willing to freeze adjustable-rate mortgages at the original payment level , rather than the higher `` reset rate , '' as Nocera reported in 2007 .
But later that year , after the housing market had crashed , Bair learned from a survey of mortgage servicers that those conversations had been ignored .
`` It showed that like 1 percent of those reset mortgages were being restructured , '' Bair told Nocera . `` They would just push people into foreclosure . ''
They told Nocera that they felt that they had been lied to , and that what mortgage servicers had promised in their meetings with the FDIC had simply been `` happy talk . ''
As we 've reported , part of the problem with the home loan modification process is that mortgage servicers have few incentives to help homeowners—or to save investors money . The servicers , the largest of which are the nation 's biggest banks , do n't own the vast majority of the loans they handle . That means that they do n't bear the loss if the loan goes to foreclosure . In fact , servicers often make money from foreclosure fees .
Bair pointed out this same problem in an op-ed in the Washington Post last week that echoed their address to the National Press Club in June . They noted that the servicers ' short-term incentives to foreclose on homes were wildly out of line with everyone 's long-term benefit—including their own :
[ Mortgage servicers ' ] under-investment in servicing has led to a huge inventory of foreclosed properties and mounting litigation that is likely to cost them far more than any savings they achieved by cutting corners .
In Bair 's account , the Treasury 's prioritization of the well-being of financial institutions over the well-being of homeowners has hobbled the government 's foreclosure response since the beginning of the crisis . As we reported in February , Geithner 's Treasury undermined a 2009 attempt to put more pressure on servicers to modify mortgages .
Bair told Nocera that when they went to the Treasury in 2007 to encourage them to put pressure on mortgage servicers , they received little response . The government , they said , `` thought maybe I was overstating the problem and that it was n't going to be that big a deal . '' Instead , Bair gained a reputation as `` difficult . ''
In their recent Washington Post op-ed , Bair wrote :
Government efforts to promote modifications ... have gradually moved in the right direction but have remained behind the curve . At the height of the crisis in the fall of 2008 , when fear over where the bottom was ruled the markets , policymakers were supremely focused on the short-term priority of preventing the failure of the nation 's largest financial companies . Government assistance to financial institutions took a variety of forms , amounting to a total commitment of almost $ 14 trillion by the spring of 2009 . While those actions were necessary to prevent an even bigger economic catastrophe , we still have not addressed the No . 1 cause of both the crisis and the subpar recovery we are in : a stubborn refusal to deal head-on with past-due and underwater mortgages .
Starting in September , Bair will be working for Pew Charitable Trusts ( a ProPublica supporter ) —a move that earned their plaudits from the Wall Street Journal 's Deal Blog , which noted , `` Here 's a bit of shocking news : A Washington regulator is NOT going to work for the industry they used to rule over . '' They have also secured a book deal for their own account of the financial crisis , `` Bull by the Horns : What Main Street Must Do To Fix Wall Street . ''
As part of its ongoing campaign to help end the use of commercial gestation crates -- a much maligned practice that involves the confinement of pregnant pigs for much of their life -- the Humane Society of the United States ( HSUS ) has announced plans to sue 51 such industrial-style operations for unreported releases of ammonia .
Ammonia is a potentially-dangerous pollutant and the EPA requires facilities to report releases of it amounting to more than 100 pounds within a 24-hour period . HSUS says the 51 facilities , located in top pork-producing states Iowa , North Carolina and Oklahoma , all release amounts that exceed this requirement .
The organization explains more in a release :
It was no surprise to find that many of those receiving notice are affiliated with the leaders and spokespersons of the National Pork Producers Council , a trade group that defends confining pigs in cramped gestation crates . The crates are so restrictive that the animals can not even turn around in them . Each of these operations confines thousands , if not tens of thousands , of pigs—with the females typically in gestation crates— and emits hundreds of pounds of airborne ammonia per day . As a result , they regularly endanger communities , farm animals , wildlife and the environment .
HSUS told Pork Network that it determined which production sites to sue after `` months of research '' using `` a simple and readily available mathematical equation to estimate the amount of ammonia being released from each of the facilities. ” The equation can be found on the EPA and National Pork Producers Council websites , and figures in the number and types of animals at a facility and the waste-management methods employed .
However , director of environmental programs for the National Pork Board Allan Stokes countered to the publication that the equation is meant only as an aid for livestock producers , `` not as a regulatory tool or an absolute determinant of whether a livestock operation in fact exceeded any regulatory reporting thresholds . ''
Stokes also said the equation does n't account for any ammonia mitigation techniques that might be in place , and Pork Network notes that an HSUS representative admitted that no on-farm emissions tests have yet been conducted .
The Humane Society has been vocal in its mission to discourage organizations from getting pork from companies that use gestation crates . Many major food companies in recent months have pledged to take steps to eliminate them , including McDonald 's , Kraft Foods and others .
Here are other major food companies that have pledged to ban the practice :
Photo by Flickr user S H Photos .
Norwegian researchers have found that five-year-olds who received little vitamin B12 as infants tend to have greater problems solving various language and numerical problems as well as understanding other children 's emotions .
Medical scientists have measured the vitamin status of infants and tested their social and theoretical skills five years later .
They discovered differences related to the quantities of vitamin B12 babies had received . Five-year-olds who had lower intakes in infancy trailed behind other kids their age in tests .
B12 , also called cobalamin , is essential to the brain . Meat , milk and eggs are the major sources of the vitamin . In Norway another common source is mackerel , mainly sold in tins .
The researchers collaborated with Nepalese and American colleagues on the study , which was implemented in Nepal . It was recently published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
Tested kids with puzzles
The research started in Nepal when blood samples were taken from 500 infants to measure their levels of vitamin B12 .
Five years later , 320 of these children were contacted and underwent testing , including how long it took to solve various puzzles .
The results showed a clear connection between early vitamin B12 status and various assessments of the children 's development .
“ We found differences in how the children interpreted complex geometric figures and the degree in which they recognised other children 's emotions , dependent on the levels of vitamin B12 they had as infants , ” says Clinical Psychologist and Researcher Ingrid Kvestad .
They work at Uni Research Health in Bergen and was first author of the work .
Can apply to other children
Researchers at Haukeland University Hospital in Bergen have previously shown that Norwegian infants can also get insufficient B12 . In fact , two out of three babies under four months had low levels .
But this was a small selection of children – ones who had been referred by polyclinics because they were not developing sufficiently or they had eating problems .
“ The vitamin especially affects the nervous system in the first few months , ” explained Dr Anne-Lise Bjørke-Monsen to Science Nordic 's Norwegian partner forskning.no in 2013 .
New-borns have a little stored-up B12 they got from their mothers in utero . As infants they need to get enough B12 from breast milk , or for those who are bottle-fed , from milk supplements .
So it is important for pregnant women and mothers who breastfeed their babies to eat right . Vitamin B12 is mainly found naturally in meat , dairy products and eggs .
But after two or three months of breastfeeding a mother 's milk contains less B12 .
So in 2013 the researchers Anne-Lise Bjørke-Monsen and Ingrid Torsvik recommended mothers who were feeding their babies nothing but breast milk at the age of six months to start giving them other food to ensure their child gets enough B12 .
Vegans and vegetarians can get too little
Getting sufficient quantities of B12 without taking vitamin supplements can be particularly challenging for pregnant women who do n't eat meat .
“ We did n't measure this , but if one does n't want to eat meat and alternative can be mackerel , ” says Kvestad .
The Norwegian study from 2013 also showed that a single injection with B12 did wonders for the kids .
It improved their motor skills development .
That study involved 100 infants who had been referred to the Children 's Clinic at Haukeland Hospital because they were lagging in motor skills development , had eating problems – or both .
These infants ' average age was four months and about half had been solely fed with breast milk . Blood samples showed that eight out of ten had low B12 levels .
Meat can give children a better start
However , Kvestad is more concerned about children in low-income countries .
“ Huge numbers in South Asia eat little meat and insufficient vitamin B12 levels are widespread , ” they say .
This seems to have an impact on children 's learning abilities and skills in interpreting others .
A sizeable number of children in low-income countries fail to develop to their full potential for their age group .
“ Our results show that correcting vitamin B12 deficiencies early can be a way of ensuring these kids a better development , ” says Kvestad .
They think that extra B12 in these regions can be an easy and cheap way of giving many children a better start in life .
A delay or a chronic problem ?
Are children who received insufficient doses of B12 just behind schedule in maturing or does the deficiency cause permanent , irreversible damage to brain development ?
“ We do n't know . To find out we need to also test the children as they get older and see if the differences decrease , persist or expand , ” says Kvestad .
They and their colleagues are investigating this question in a number of large interventional studies in Nepal and India .
This initiative involves cooperation among researchers from Uni Research Health , Innlandet Hospital Trust , Tribhuvan University in Nepal , the Center for Intervention Studies in Maternal and Child Health at the University of Bergen , Haukeland University Hospital and researchers in the USA , including from Johns Hopkins University .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Read the Norwegian version of this article at forskning.no
The massive surge of refugees in Europe hailing from the Middle East and Africa has barely scratched the surface for the number of asylum seekers who will come to the continent , a German politician warned Monday , the Express reported . It is the European Union 's fault that as many as 10 million more will come to Europe because its countries ' borders have not been regulated , the German development minister said , pointing in part to the areas in Europe that do not require any documentation for people to freely pass through .
“ The protection of external borders is not working . Schengen [ abolishment of border controls ] has collapsed . A fair distribution of refugees has not taken place , '' said Gerd Müller , who acknowledged that refugees are `` fleeing hunger , misery , violence , and they see no future for themselves and their families . '' However , they added : `` But we live in a globalized world . We can not build fences around Germany and Europe . When people suffer , they will come . ''
Müller 's words follow dozens of violent attacks on New Year 's Eve targeting women in Cologne , Germany , that were reportedly launched by Syrian and Pakistani refugees in the country who had been granted legal asylum .
PEGIDA protesters faced strong opposition during an anti-refugee rally in Germany . https : //t.co/mHViLMNY8c — AJ+ ( @ ajplus ) January 10 , 2016
The incidents resulted in more than 100 women filing charges of sexual molestation , robbery and rape . Some of the suspects are refugees , police have said . Germany took in more than 1 million migrants and refugees in 2015 .
A right-wing political movement in Germany held an anti-refugee protest this past weekend in Cologne to demand further legal action for the sex attacks , the BBC reported . The demonstration , during which thousands of participants largely condemned Chancellor Angela Merkel 's policy on accepting refugees into the country , resulted in the deployment of hundreds of riot police and the use of a water cannon to disperse members of the anti-Islam Pegida movement .
The number of refugees coming to Germany has just begun , Müller warned . `` Only 10 percent of the triggered in Syria and Iraq escape shaft has reached us , '' they said , the Daily Mail reported . `` Eight to 10 million is still on its way . Those who come to us now , for several years sat in the tent cities , basements or goat stables without water and electricity . It is shameful that the international community is not able to ensure the survival on the spot . ''
A year since the passing of peace activist and settler Rabbi Menachem Froman , their wife , Hadassah and close family friend , Sheikh Ibrahim Abu El-Hawa , a Palestinian Muslim , recently paid public tribute to the man who was well-known for their unique peace activities in the region .
Rabbi Froman served as the rabbi of the Tekoa community in the northern Judean hills . They were a leader in interfaith dialogue between Jewish settlers and Palestinians , while also successfully reaching out to Palestinian religious and political leaders . Rabbi Froman passed away from colon cancer on March 4 , 2013 at age 68 .
Since then their family has continued their legacy of fostering dialogue through religion and faith with Palestinians .
Photo Credit : Tazpit News Agency / Rabbi Froman 's grandchild with Sheikh Ibrahim Ahmad Abu El-Hawah .
On Saturday night , March 8 , Rabbi Froman 's wife and their son Shivi , led an evening filled with stories and prayers in the spirit of the late rabbi , together with Sheikh Ibrahim Abu El-Hawa -- with an audience made up of family , friends and followers from across the Israeli political spectrum in Petah Tikva .
Sheikh Ibrahim Abu El-Hawa , known to Rabbi Froman 's family simply as Ibrahim , spent time remembering the Orthodox rabbi , educator , poet and a founder of the Gush Emunim movement , as a brother and friend .
`` I have very deep feelings for Rabbi Froman and their family . They were a holy man and a brother to me . I attended the weddings of their children , and they attended the weddings of my children , '' recounted Abu El-Hawa to Tazpit News Agency .
During the event , several of Rabbi Froman 's young grandchildren from Tekoa , with large knitted kippas and long side curls come over to say hello to Sheikh Ibrahim . They gave the elderly man a hug and asked them how they were doing . `` What a family ! '' Abu El-Hawa later exclaimed with their ready smile .
Dressed in traditional white robes and a red keffiyeh , Abu El-Hawa at age 72 , continues to spread the message of peace and hope . Fourteen years ago , they retired from their job as an engineer at the Israeli phone company to devote their time to `` breaking fences between people -- my real profession , '' explains Abu El-Hawa .
`` My father taught me to love everyone -- Muslim , Hindu , Jew , Christian -- they were the key to my understanding of the world . ''
Abu El-Hawa 's father themselves was a guard at the Russian Orthodox Church in Jerusalem for 50 years . The Abu El-Hawa family resides on the Mount of Olives and has been living there according to Sheikh Ibrahim for the past 1,300 years .
During the memorial tribute , Hadassah Froman told the audience that when their husband had to undergo surgery , Sheikh Ibrahim traveled to the Ein Karem hospital to be with them . `` We would both sit outside the operation room -- I would recite the Psalms while Ibrahim would read the Koran , '' they said .
`` God gave Rabbi Froman a special gift to spread love between people and I believe that is what they are doing right now -- connecting souls together in Heaven , '' Sheikh Ibrahim told Tazpit . `` Someday I will help him . ''
`` We are all sons of Abraham , although we have two different mothers -- Sarah and Hagar -- we are still one , '' stresses Abu El-Hawa . `` Rabbi Froman was one of those special people who understood this -- may their memory be forever be blessed . ''
WHEN the Ultimate Fighting Championship crash-landed in Scotland for the first time two years ago , it was a fierce and brutal occasion that released a clan mentality .
Twelve thousand of the local brood converged not on a blustery hill on Bannockburn but under the roof of the SSE Hydro in Glasgow , united to back three of Scotland 's bravest warriors going into battle .
As the sun went down over the Clyde that July night , the dawn of the UFC broke inside .
That sense of harmony and togetherness served our fighters well that evening .
On UFC Fight Night 72 , the three Scots who stepped into the octagon triumphed in front of a partisan home crowd that were about as intimidating as walking naked through no-man 's land with a traffic cone on your head while playing a bugle .
In just three minutes and four seconds , Robert Whiteford of West Lothian knocked out Paul Redmond before vaulting into the crowd , while Joanne Calderwood managed to see off Courtney Casey much to the delight of the thousands belting out Flower of Scotland in the gallery behind them
Yet , the quickest victory of the Scots trio was recorded by Kirkcaldy 's very own Stevie Ray , who took just two minutes and 30 seconds to dispose of Leonardo Mafra .
It is a result the 27-year-old Fifer will have an opportunity to repeat this summer .
Herald Sport can exclusively reveal that Ray will feature again in their own country , fighting in this summer 's UFC Fight Night on July 16 .
Known as Braveheart to their supporters , the UFC lightweight will need plenty of courage to get by their opponent , Paul Felder . Hailing from Pennsylvannia , the dogged fighter will be Ray 's toughest opponent yet in the UFC , arriving in Glasgow with a record
of 13-3 .
Speaking to Herald Sport , Ray , who comes into the fight on the back of a points-decision win over Joe Lauzon last month in Tenessee , said : “ I 'm just looking forward to fighting in my home country .
If it 's anything like last time , it will be amazing .
“ I get goosebumps just thinking about it . I can remember walking out and hearing the fans cheering and I just forgot about everything else .
“ I got the knockout , the fans went crazy and the rest is history . That moment will live with me for the rest of my life , so I just ca n't wait to do it all over again .
“ I want to put on a show for my fans . This is a big fight for me . Everyone who knows about the UFC and about the sport of MMA knows who Paul Felder is . They have been in there with the toughest guys like Edson Barboza . They have a lot of experience , and people know who they are . He 's a tough fighter and so this is a good test for me .
“ This is also the last fight on my current UFC contract , so I 'm looking to go out there , put on a great fight , maybe get a bonus and then look at a new contract .
“ If I get past Paul , I 'll have three wins in a row , against some big names and I 'll be ready to really make a name for myself as a big name in the European market . ”
Felder , who was equally delighted to get the fight confirmed , added : “ I want to fight in Scotland . I want to fight in their home town . I want to fight in front of that sold-out crowd .
“ I know it 's going to be like fireworks in there . And I really hope we can be co-main or main event . I know that we 're not really high-ranked opponents right now , but I think we 're two guys that will put on a show . He 's a native boy . I think people will love to get behind them and hate me . ”
That very sense of camaraderie which washed over the last event to hit Scotland may be somewhat different to what Ray and those attending the event will experience this time .
They will be joined on the bill by Coatbridge native Paul Craig , a relative newcomer to the UFC , who will go toe-to-toe against
Khalil Rountree .
Despite their Scottish roots , the pair have recently been embroiled in a bitter online war of words that adds a peculiar but intriguing element to what is a showpiece occasion for Scottish sport .
Mixed martial arts is still seen as a largely niche sport north of the Border but the appetite for the UFC , and in particular Scottish fighters , transcends the blurred line where the M74 meets the M6 .
Kilmarnock 's Calderwood , who is heavily thought to be in line to appear on the bill , has a worldwide following and Ray could propel themselves further into that spotlight if they shut out Felder , as well as Craig .
“ When we announced our return to Glasgow just a few weeks ' back , the reaction from fans was phenomenal , ” said Joe Carr , the UFC senior vice-president .
“ Our July 2015 event sold out in a matter of minutes and , if the fans ' response this time around is anything to go by , we can expect a similar reaction when tickets are released on June 2 . We are very much looking forward to delivering another memorable event here in July .
“ Europe remains an incredibly important market for our business and has been key to the international growth we 've seen in recent years .
“ It was only right that we committed to delivering these three events in the region in 2017 . ”
Tickets for UFC FIGHT NIGHT® : GLASGOW goes on sale to the general public on Friday , June 2 at 10:00 a.m. BST via Ticketmaster .
David Cameron 's mum has joined the battle against Conservative cuts , it has emerged this morning . Mary Cameron 's intervention after signing a petition to save childrens ' centres has been splashed over the front page of the Daily Mirror . The headline : ‘ Cameron 's mum fights Tory cuts ' looks deeply embarrassing for their son . Is this a family rift ? Is Mary Cameron trying to make life difficult for their son ? The truth is less dramatic despite the excitement on Twitter , where the hashtag ‘ David Cameron 's MUM ' , has been trending all morning .
After all , Mary Cameron is not the only member of the Cameron family to criticise their local council over axed services . David Cameron did it themselves last year , writing to Oxfordshire Council saying they were ‘ disappointed ' by planned cuts to frontline services ' . In November , they hit out at reductions in funds handed over to elderly day centres , libraries and museums – sparking an angry response from Oxfordshire council leader Ian Hudspeth , who reminded them of how they worked hard to help them win last year 's general election .
It may seem on face value that both Camerons are guilty of being rather brass necked by criticising cuts brought about , ultimately , by the Government . But with the cuts handed down to councils to carry out , even if the local authority has no real choice in the matter , it makes it easy for mother Cameron – or their son – to hit out at the council . After all , it is the council themselves who are the ones to actually swing the axe – even if it was the Government who handed it to them .
The previous election for District Attorney in Harris County turned into a race to present the better plan for dealing with marijuana offenders .
The 2016 election for DA in Houston could be shaping up to be similar to the last one in 2014 . In fact , it features the same two candidates .
Incumbent Republican Devon Anderson was appointed to the position by former Texas Governor Rick Perry in 2013 and held the seat in a close election during 2014 to fill out the term . They ran unopposed in the GOP primary this year .
She 'll face off against Democratic nominee Kim Ogg , who trounced their opponents in the primaries this week .
This pits the two in a rematch , and Ogg has already brought out the issue of small time marijuana arrests again , along with several other issues .
“ I am honored that voters have chosen me to lead criminal justice reform in Harris County by making me the Democratic nominee for District Attorney , ” Ogg stated . “ Together , we will return fairness , justice and safety to our criminal justice system and the Harris County District Attorney 's Office . ”
Ogg originally pushed Anderson to develop a stronger plan for dealing with marijuana offenders caught with small amounts of cannabis .
Those now detained in Harris County who have never been arrested for marijuana before that are caught with less than two ounces are no longer arrested and instead are given a court summons . They then take part in a pre-trial diversion program which includes fines , community service , and drug education classes .
The program was originally optional for agencies in the county , and fell short at first as many people were still given arrest records . Now the program is mandatory .
A poll performed by KHOU – Houston Public Media showed 62 percent of those in the Houston are in favor of decriminalizing marijuana , with 29 percent opposed , and eight percent undecided .
Stay up to date with the latest cannabis news from a Texas perspective by following the Texas Cannabis Report social media pages .
Facebook – Twitter – Tumblr – Instagram
The following two tabs change content below . Bio
Latest Posts Stephen Carter is a journalist and information technology specialist living in Waco , Texas . They have been working with the cannabis movement since 2009 and serves on the board of directors for Texas NORML as an advisor . They founded Texas Cannabis Report in 2013 to bring Texans accurate cannabis related news . Latest posts by Stephen Carter see all ) Legislative session to begin with over a dozen cannabis bills - January 7 , 2019
Share this : Tweet
Related
Comments
comments
Sunday on CNN 's “ State of the Union , ” Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) said that they personally apologized to Donald Trump for using the “ men with small hands ” taunt during the Republican presidential primary .
“ I actually told Donald at one of the debates , I apologized to him , ” Rubio said . “ I said , I 'm sorry that i said that . I did n't say it in front of the cameras . I did n't want any political benefit . Not because of them but because of me . I did n't like what it reflected on me . It embarrassed my family . It 's not who I am . And you did it almost in the sense of , at this point nothing is working , this guy is out there every day mocking people , saying horrible things about people , but if you respond to him , somehow you 're hitting below the belt . And that was my sense of it at the time . What I did n't realize was it is n't who I am , and if you 're not being who you are , it does n't come across well . They can do that , because for whatever reason they can do that , but I could n't do that . It 's not what I am . It 's not what I do . I ended up hurting myself , not him .
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
Last month , Donald Trump canceled their planned Martin Luther King Jr. Day visit to the National Museum of African-American History and Culture . The unspecified “ scheduling issues ” that their transition team said were responsible for the scrapped plans were unfortunate . The president-elect really could have benefited from an educational experience about the lives of black people in America — namely , that they exist outside of the “ inner city ” and often have lives that are n't defined by criminal activity .
It 's a concept Trump has appeared to struggle with since the early days of their campaign — and they have n't improved since he 's moved into the White House .
That was reaffirmed this week . Speaking at an event to commemorate African-American History Month on Wednesday , they touted the 8 percent of black voters who supported him , according to exit polls . `` If you remember , ” they said , “ I was n't going to do well with the African-American community , and after they heard me speaking and talking about the inner city and lots of other things , we ended up getting — and I wo n't go into details — but we ended up getting substantially more than other candidates who had run in the past years . '' ( By the way , Republican nominee Mitt Romney earned 6 percent of the black vote in 2012 , and 4 percent went for Sen. John McCain in 2008 , each versus Barack Obama , the first black president . )
The now-predictable “ inner city ” reference did n't get as much attention as the more shocking observation that Trump and White House press secretary Sean Spicer made comments suggesting they might believe that 19th-century abolitionist and writer Frederick Douglass was still alive . But it was one more data point in a troubling pattern .
Recall that before Trump 's visit to the museum was canceled , they lashed out on Twitter in response to civil rights legend Rep. John Lewis referring to them as an “ illegitimate ” president . In that three-tweet attack , Trump characterized Lewis 's district as being “ in horrible shape , ” “ falling apart , ” and “ crime infested. ” They added that Lewis ( who , prior to their career in Congress , had their skull fractured by law enforcement officers as they marched to demand voting rights for black people in 1965 ) “ should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S . ”
Trump 's argument “ bears little relation to the facts , ” Vox 's Dara Lind pointed out , explaining , “ Atlanta is the heart of the black middle class in America . And while the city has a relatively high violent crime rate , it is almost certainly not as dangerous as Donald Trump ( who routinely claims that America 's murder rate is at a 50-year high , and claims that black Americans ‘ ca n't walk out the door without getting shot ' ) thinks it is. ” And why do they insist should Lewis focus specifically on the “ burning ” inner cities versus any other social issue in America ? Unclear . Well , it 's a little clearer if you understand the way Trump thinks .
The president 's disregarded of demographic realities to force a link between black people and inner cities is n't new , and it does n't appear to be stopping . Whether this habit is a racist dog whistle to their white supporters or a reflection of true ignorance is up for debate , but it 's definitely a pattern .
Trump can not or will not discuss black people except in connection with “ inner cities ” and crime
Trump 's frequent use of “ inner city ” in their Twitter rant against Lewis was odd in part because the term , in the way they use it , is really outdated . As Lind wrote :
Time and again , they conflate black residents with the “ inner city , ” and characterizes inner cities as a lawless , crumbling dump — not to mention a place where all votes are fraudulently cast . It 's a characterization that resembles actual black America ( or increasingly nonblack urban America ) less than it resembles 1980s dystopias like Escape From New York and Demolition Man .
But he 's decided to pick this theme and run with it — and it started long before their comments this weekend . Just a few examples :
At the third presidential debate : `` Our inner cities are a disaster , '' Trump said . `` You get shot walking to the store . They have no education , they have no jobs . I will do more for African Americans and Latinos than [ Hillary Clinton ] can ever do in 10 lifetimes . All they have done is talk to the African Americans and to the Latinos . ''
At the second presidential debate : In response to an audience question about whether the candidates could be “ a devoted president to all the people in the United States , ” their answer included , `` I would be a president for all of the people . African Americans , the inner cities . Devastating what 's happening to our inner cities . ''
At the first presidential debate : All the candidates were asked how they would `` heal [ America 's racial ] divide . '' Trump implied that black people are universally trapped in — you guessed it — `` the inner city , ” with all of its associated criminal activity :
We have a situation where we have our inner cities , African Americans , Hispanics are living in hell because it 's so dangerous . You walk down the street , you get shot . [ … ] We have to know what we 're doing . Right now , our police , in many cases , are afraid to do anything . We have to protect our inner cities because African-American communities are being decimated by crime .
Reacting to these statements in October 2016 , Vox 's Victoria Massie identified what was already a pattern in Trump 's thinking , explained that `` inner city '' has very little to do with where black people actually live in the United States today . It 's become code for “ cultural failings ” versus actual geographic locations , and ignores the gentrification that is actually making urban areas less black . Relatedly , German Lopez has reported on the data proving that America is nothing close to the crime-ridden hellscape Trump repeatedly insists it is .
More recently , Trump has revealed that they do n't just link black people to inner cities as an insult when he 's angrily tweeting , or as a dramatic flourish when he 's making policy promises or trying to impress others . ( Now , whom , exactly , he 's trying to impress is up for debate — Lind has observed that Trump is really speaking to white Americans when makes promises draped in insulting inaccuracies to black people . ) He 's also seemingly used this thinking to decide on a political appointee .
“ Ben Carson has a brilliant mind and is passionate about strengthening communities and families within those communities , ” Trump said in December to explain their choice to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development . “ We have talked at length about my urban renewal agenda and our message of economic revival , very much including our inner cities . ”
Though HUD 's work is not focused specifically on inner cities , Trump seems to think it is . So , given their history , it 's not surprising that they decided a neurosurgeon with no expertise in housing policy — but who happens to be black — was the perfect person to lead it .
The pattern reached an almost comical level when Trump announced that another black man with no relevant experience , talk show and game show host Steve Harvey ( whose primary area of “ expertise , ” to use the term generously , is regressive relationship advice ) would be working with their administration to bring “ positive change to ” — once again — “ the inner cities . ”
Their recent Twitter threats to call “ the feds ” to Chicago to address gun violence there touch on all the same themes , according to Khadijah Costley White , an assistant professor in the department of journalism and media studies at Rutgers University in New Brunswick , New Jersey , who researches race , gender , and politics in media .
“ Media representations of black people often rely on stereotypes that paint black people as pathologically flawed : criminal , violent , neglectful , and subhuman . That is , the media often depicts the black community as the cause of their own problems , which are the persistent and substantive disparities in housing , education , employment , incarceration , health , and more , ” they said . “ By focusing on individual behavior and choices in describing problems in black neighborhoods , media messages both justify the condition of black people and distract from the larger systemic issues affecting their communities . ”
In their view , Trump 's comments actually serve to justify police violence against black people by painting them as a constant threat and insist that black residents are the problem of Chicago , rather than understanding the structural inequality in Chicago as the key problem for black residents .
Maybe , during Black History Month , Trump will reschedule that visit to the National Museum of African-American History and Culture . January 's cancellation means a missed opportunity for a crash course in the black experience in the United States — from current demographic realities to the fact that Frederick Douglass is no longer with us . It 's clearer every day that that was an education they really could n't afford to miss .
The two people shot dead on the Virginia Tech campus today and the subsequent lockdown of the campus remind us all of the horrible shooting that took place on April 16 , 2007 .
To think that the campus is going through a tragic shooting again is literally heartbreaking .
When we hear of such evil acts it is often emotionally devastating and depressing . We are all affected by it . I want to share with you some thoughts about how we can respond to this terrible act in a spiritual manner .
The Torah makes clear that the idea of pure evil existing in the world is something that has been with us since the time of the Exodus from Egypt . The Torah tells us that there was once an evil nation named Amalek that attacked the Jewish people without cause after they crossed the sea and were enjoying their first steps of freedom . Amalek is defined by the Torah as pure evil . It is an evil entity that needs to be destroyed and wiped off the earth ( Deuteronomy 25:17–19 ) .
The rabbinic commentators debate whether this commandment is still in force today and whether the actual nation of Amalek still exists in the world .
In the years after the Holocaust , Rabbi Joseph Soloveitchik , the leading Modern Orthodox rabbi in America in the 20th century , taught that Amalek is still in existence . The reason for this is because there is another verse that states : “ The Hand is on God 's throne . God shall be at war with Amalek for all generations ” ( Exodus 17:16 ) . “ The Hand is on God 's throne ” means that God is making an oath that there will be a war with Amalek for all generations until such time as evil is eradicated from the world .
Amalek represents pure evil and represents the Torah 's teaching that evil will exist in the world until such time as the Messiah comes to complete God 's throne by bringing total peace to the world .
So when we hear of such horrible tragedies like the Virginia Tech shootings , we remember that the Torah already told us that we can expect that there will always be pure evil in our midst .
The fact that we know in advance that there will be evil in the world reminds us that we have a responsibility to forcefully fight against such evil . We need to be a force of light against the evil darkness of the world . We need to always be working to counteract the evil by spreading acts of goodness in the world . Even if we do n't see the evil in front of us , we know it is there waiting to rear its ugly head . Because evil is waiting , we can not wait . We must always be seeking to do more and more good in a preemptive manner in order to counteract the evil of the world .
April 16 , 2007 , was a horrible day and remembering that day brings back so many terrible memories . But there was also some good that shone forth that day .
When I think of April 16 , 2007 , I no longer remember the name of the horrible murderer who killed all those innocent people . But I do remember the name Liviu Librescu . They were the Holocaust survivor who became a professor at Virginia Tech and at the age of 76 managed to save the students in their Virginia Tech classroom on April 16 , by throwing themselves in front of the door to their classroom and taking the bullets in their own body while telling their students to run to safety .
There will always be evil in the world . But as long we emulate the selflessness and courage of a person like Liviu Librescu , then we will have the strength and the inspiration to defeat the evil forces of the world . So when we are forced to confront once again the horrors of April 16 , 2007 , let us take solace in another memory from that day : the inspirational memory of Liviu Librescu .
Shmuel Herzfeld is rabbi at Ohev Sholom in Washington , DC .
Read more from local faith leaders at On Faith/Local
Related : Virginia Tech police officer , one other killed on campus
Imagine your four year-old daughter tells you they talked to Grandpa the night after they died . That they appeared to them in their bedroom as a bright blue-white light . They came to say goodbye and they loved them
This is where paranormal curiosity struck Tim Freiss , AKA ‘ Charles Charles ' , owner and historical tour guide of Green Bay Ghost Tours , in Green Bay Wisconsin .
Freiss dedicated two years of their life to researching the city 's haunted past with help from The White Pillars Historical Society , The Neville Public museum , UWGB , the Brown County Library and other local resources . They say they were all very open and involved in their research . They helped them dig up old death certificates , newspaper articles and other evidence to confirm their findings .
Freiss also spent a year as a paranormal investigator , which you might say is like being a real-life “ Ghostbuster. ” That 's when Freiss experienced their very first ghost encounter .
It was during a confidential paranormal investigation of the Kewaunee County Historical Society , which used to be a jail in the 1800 's and an Indian burial ground before that . Using a small flashlight , they communicated with what they believe was the spirit of a five year old boy .
Each time Freiss asked the spirit a question , the mini-flashlight flickered and then turned on by itself . They were overcome by a feeling of weakness and a pain in their head . When I asked Freiss if they were freaked out being alone in this old jail cell in the dark they said they were “ nervous , not scared . It was just such a strange feeling . ”
Later that night , Freiss found out from a historian of the museum that the skull and bones of a 5 year old Indian boy had been dug up and moved around by construction workers who excavated the dirt from the museums basement some time ago . The bones were then gathered , placed in a box and reburied on the grounds of the museum .
Pretty spooky how the two happenings fit together so well .
The history of people 's lives and their stories is what fascinates Freiss the most . For the past four years , he 's been giving guided ghost tours throughout the area . Their character “ Charles , Charles ” , dressed in a tux and painted face , takes people throughout Green Bay to share the history of its haunted past .
Freiss assured me , “ The tour is for fun , even though these are haunted locations , it 's strictly for entertainment . ”
When I asked Freiss if tour groups have ever experienced real paranormal activity , they said “ I do n't play games , but yes , someone has been touched , there have been cold spots , cold winds , a woman screaming , a shadow figure singing , and lights that turn on and off by themselves . ”
Freiss uncovers the haunting of at least 20 familiar Green Bay locations in their book , Haunted Green Bay .
Some of these haunted places are probably very familiar and may even surprise you ! That includes Titletown Brewing Company , the Union Hotel in De Pere , Baird Creek , The Lorelei Inn , Bay Beach Amusement Park and Heritage Hill .
During a tour , Freiss brings you to six locations that seem to attract the spirits of the dead throughout downtown Green Bay . They enlighten you with the history of the haunting every step of the way .
Here 's a sneak peak of the six places you 'll hear about on your Green Bay Ghost Tour .
Did you know the “ Father of Wisconsin ” is buried somewhere underneath Green Bay 's downtown district ?
Long before streets and buildings were built , the area was home to La Baye cemetery . This cemetery was the burial place for not only the bodies of the Wisconsin 's founding father and their dad , but also the man who built the oldest standing building in the state ( now located at Heritage Hill ) , the daughter of the Menominee chief who owned the surrounding area , and several French nobility who died during the Fox War in 1733 . Plus – for well over 200 years – La Baye was where family members of the Potawatomic , Menominee , Ojibwa , Ho-CHunk , Miami , Sauk and Fox Tribes were buried .
Because of money hungry fur traders from New York , the cemetery was desecrated in 1838 so the Green Bay Water Works pumping station could be built in its place . Fifteen graves were found while digging the trenches and the others were washed away into the Fox River . Freiss believes the cemetery is the reason why so many older Green Bay buildings are haunted – from Washington street to Adams street and Crooks to Chicago street downtown .
One of several haunted stops on Washington Street is St. Brendan 's Inn . Employees have said the elevators run up and down between floors and the doors open and close by themselves . The laundry room is also where the paranormal action takes place . Soap bottles tend to fly off the shelves and people get overwhelmed with the feeling that they 're not alone , or they experience their sixth sense !
Creepy , hey ?
2 . Ashwaubenon Bowling Alley
Another stop on the Ghost tour is Ashwaubenon Bowling Alley .
Having bowled at Ashwaubenon Lanes multiple times , I was quite surprised to learn it has a pimped out basement . Even better , a haunted pimped out basement !
It used to be a high-end restaurant and tavern called The Salt Cellar , complete with three rooms . The Oak Room is decorated with wood paneling and has a fire place that came from a 1900 's steam ship . The Mahogany room is designed with decor from a Brothel . And the main dining room has a bar that is more than a 125 years old .
Freiss says there have been some eery occurrences in the building .
“ Some of the activity that is reported is things move around by themselves , voices are heard and lights turn on and off by themselves , ” they say . “ Also , lane number 17 is haunted by a man by the name of Willard , who died from a heart attack on that lane . They cause the scoring computer and ball return not to work , and people report feeling a presence on that lane . ”
Sure makes bowling at Ashwaubenon Lanes way more exciting ! Lane # 17 anyone ?
3 . Captain 's Walk Winery
Captain 's Walk , one of the featured stops on the Green Bay Ghost Tour , is the only “ home ” left in downtown Green Bay with its original foundation and location .
A man by the name of Elisha Morrow built the house in 1857 for their wife and six daughters . They were an early organizer of the Republican Party of Wisconsin and one of the delegates who got Abraham Lincoln nominated as the Republican candidate for president in 1860 .
The second youngest of Morrow 's daughters , Helen Morrow , inherited their much beloved home after their father died . Helen was forced to sell the property to the Green Bay Women 's Club in 1920 because they did n't have the money to keep it .
The house went through four more owners before Brad and Eric Schmiling purchased it and turned it into Captain 's Walk Winery in 2006 . Helen is believed to be the one who haunts the building today . Freiss said , “ She moves and throws wine glasses , turns on the radio , runs the freight elevator up and down , and turns on the sink faucets . ”
The first ever paranormal activity in the house dates back to the late 1970 's when the house was turned into a gift shop . The owners then claimed they saw a woman standing at the top of the stairs and they felt a negative presence .
The thought is that Helen was unhappy with how they remodeled their home and still regretted having to sell it .
According to Captain 's Walk owners , Brad and Eric , Helen is well-known around there . While the brothers spent time restoring the home , they stayed there overnight . They said that night they heard a little girl bouncing a ball , running around and giggling on the second floor but did n't find anything anyone there .
That was the first and last time they spent the night there , but they do think after the restorations were complete , Helen 's presence seemed to be more at peace . Most likely because they were happy with what they had done to their old home .
But Helen still makes themselves known in the house . Once in a while a book will fly off the shelf or a wine glass will come flying out of the dishwasher . They 've even had to disable the faucets after a while because they think Helen was turning them on so often .
So , next time you go wine tasting at Captain 's Walk , make sure you 're nice to Helen… after all – it 's still them home !
4 . 217 E. Walnut Street Building ( Formerly Confetti 's Night Club )
This is one of Freiss 's favorite haunted spots in Green Bay . It was recently known as Confetti 's Night Cub and Envy 's , but it was originally a theater built in 1900 . It was one of the last 19th century modern style theaters in the nation .
Legend has it there was a double murder and suicide in the first year it was open , which may be the reason it is haunted today .
As the story goes , the leading local actor , who was married at the time , fell in love with the married leading actor while rehearsing for the first play ever performed in the theater . The play was called Because They Loved Him So .
Fitting title is n't it ?
When the actor 's husband found the two of them making love in the theater 's balcony , they grew furious , pulled a pistol from their coat pocket and shot their wife where they lay . Their wife 's lover , tried to jump over the balcony railing but was shot in the back . Halfway down the balcony steps , the husband took their own life as well .
The spirits of the husband and their wife 's lover are still present in the old theater . People have seen shadow figures jumping from the balcony , running and then disappearing . Then another shadow figure disappears halfway down the balcony stairs . A woman 's voice is heard calling people 's names in the hallway by the back studios .
This Walnut Street building is currently for sale . One can only wonder if its vacancy has anything to do with the ghosts that live there !
5 . The Historic Bellin Building
Dr. Julius Bellin was born in 1870 and died a somewhat early death from a variety of diseases at the age of 58 .
Dr. Bellin was one of Green Bay 's most prominent surgeons . They started their first hospital in 1907 , and also founded the Wisconsin Deaconess Hospital which was renamed Bellin Memorial Hospital in their honor in 1920 .
The building was known as the first small skyscraper north of Milwaukee in its time . It was often rented and used by physicians , dentists and other medical professionals . Now with nine floors , the Bellin Building houses at least 28 businesses including the Black and Tan , and Daily Buzz Coffee shop .
Freiss says the Bellin Building is haunted by Dr. Bellin himself . Many tenants have said they 've spotted a man in their late 50 's with grey hair and wearing a black suit and tie . Although they like to run the manual elevator ( one of 4 left in the U.S. ) up and down , people like their friendly ghost . In their book , Freiss says they always have a smile on their face and is “ regarded as a positive energy that is welcomed and encouraged to stay . ”
6 . The Downtown Y.M.C.A
In 1987 , a man named Erik Lee Vogliotti lived on the fifth floor of the YMCA downtown Green Bay . They were one of several young men who were part of the resident program offered back then . This was a program that helped guys get back on their feet . The rent was adjusted according to what their job paid .
Rumor has it Erik was not very well-liked by other residents . They mostly kept to themselves and was living there for a good month without finding a job . The rule was , you had to get a job within the first two weeks of living there .
On Friday August 7th 1987 two fellow residents , Charles Conrad age 25 and their friend Thomas Mason age 22 got back to the Y after a hard night of drinking . When they saw Erik in the TV room , Mason decided to curse Erik out in front of other residents . Influenced by alcohol , they let them have it and told them exactly what they thought of him .
The next morning , guilty over their words , Conrad tried to find Erik to apologize . Unfortunately , they were unable to find them anywhere that day . That night Conrad and their buddy Mason decided to hit the town again . This time when they arrived back to the fifth floor just before midnight , Erik was waiting for them unwilling to listen to any apologies . Instead , they whipped out a hand gun and shot Conrad in the heart killing them instantly . They then shot Mason in the stomach . They died two hours later at St. Vincent Hospital . Erik , cold and not at all remorseful , turned themselves in right away . He 's currently serving their life sentence in the Wisconsin Correction System .
Soon after the murders , residents started to see “ Conrad ” walking around in the hallways and TV room of the 5th floor . The residents program ended shortly after , and today the fifth floor is no longer used by the YMCA . People think Conrad 's spirit came back looking for resolution since they never actually got to apologize to Erik .
More Information on Green Bay Ghost Tours
If you 'd like to go on one of the Green Bay Ghost tours , there are spots available for this Halloween season . You can attend walking tours , bus tours , and find out more about Tim Freiss ' work .
Check out upcoming tour dates at GreenBayGhostTours.com
Like Green Bay Ghost Tours on Facebook
Sign up ( call 920-499-2783 ) to reserve your spot on a tour
Starting the White Witch Paranormal Museum
Freiss has other big plans in addition to their Ghost Tours ! They hope to get their White Witch Paranormal Museum open sometime in the next couple of years . The museum will be filled with several haunted items . Things like an antique picture of Ann Marie who you can hear playing and giggling , and a haunted dresser that has drawers that open and close by themselves . There will be ghost trivia and poster boards with explanations of phrases we often say such as “ knock on wood ” , “ bless you ” , and “ scream like a banshee ” .
The museum will have a Fear Machine that gives off ultrasonic vibrations mimicking the feeling of a haunted presence . * Warning * this machine will not be safe for heart patients !
The gift store will have ghost hunting equipment , books , videos , souvenir t-shirts and more . The museum will also offer classes for people interested in becoming a paranormal investigator .
Freiss sums up their main purpose when they told me , “ the first and foremost service this museum will be providing is a non-scary , fun , fact-filled education of our country 's history , traditions , rituals and trivia as it relates to the paranormal . ”
I told Freiss I think the old Confetti 's Night Club building would be the perfect place for their museum ! They said he 'd love that too , especially because there are underground tunnels and a lot of paranormal activity . But being a costly location he 's going to need some help .
You can help Freiss get their museum started by :
Joining them for a Green Bay Ghost Tour .
Buying their book .
Like WhooNEW on Facebook to discover unique events happening in our area . Plus , you can subscribe for free just below – so you do n't miss a story !
Chelsea 's Eden Hazard fired up to face Manchester United and former boss Jose Mourinho
Eden Hazard has told Sky Sports they ca n't wait to come up against Manchester United next season Eden Hazard has told Sky Sports they ca n't wait to come up against Manchester United next season
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has told Sky Sports News HQ that they can not wait to play Manchester United because of their new boss .
United confirmed the arrival of Jose Mourinho on Friday with the former Chelsea manager agreeing a three-year contract .
There were some newspaper reports on Thursday suggesting Hazard wanted a Stamford Bridge exit and had spoken with their old boss to discuss a potential move to Old Trafford .
But speaking from Belgium 's training camp ahead of the pre-Euro 2016 friendly against Switzerland at the weekend , the 25-year-old suggested a transfer was not on their agenda .
They told SSNHQ 's Gary Cotterill : `` Mourinho is a fantastic manager . I wish them good luck for the next season .
`` I ca n't wait and just want to play against Manchester United . He 's a good manager with a lot of experience . He 's at a big club now and they will just want to win games . ''
Jose Mourinho and Eden Hazard in their Chelsea days together
Regarding their Chelsea future , they added : `` I 'm happy . I 'm always happy . I have spoken to [ new boss ] Antonio Conte .
`` He said good luck at the Euros and we will see after the Championships . ''
The Belgian midfielder who signed for Chelsea four years ago from Lille for £32m had a disappointing season by their standards .
But having shown glimpses of their old form in the latter stages of the Premier League campaign , they are keen to exhibit their skills on the European stage in France this summer .
Asked if they were back to their best , they added : `` I hope so . I want to be one of the best players at Euro 2016 and I hope we can get to the semi-finals or the final with the team . We have a lot of quality . ''
To help children transition more smoothly to Primary 1 , those attending Ministry of Education ( MOE ) kindergartens will be given priority to enter the primary school that shares a compound with their kindergarten .
The MOE said this will involve 12 kindergartens as part of a pilot scheme next year , involving children entering Primary 1 in 2019 .
Kindergarten children applying for admission to the respective primary school will be eligible under Phase 2A2 of the Primary 1 registration scheme , which currently applies to children whose parents or siblings had studied in the primary school , but had not joined the alumni association .
The change , announced yesterday , puts MOE kindergarten children ahead of those who apply in the next phase , 2B , which gives priority to parent volunteers and those with church or clan links .
The ministry will continue to set aside a minimum of 40 places for phases 2B and 2C . It also said it will provide sufficient school places on a regional basis so that no child will have to travel long distances to their or their primary school .
Schools involved include Riverside Primary , Farrer Park , Punggol Green and West Spring .
Explaining the move , Minister for Education ( Schools ) Ng Chee Meng said : `` MOE always has the child at the centre of its policymaking . It will facilitate the child 's learning in a more familiar environment ... We hope to enable the child to have a smoother transition to Primary 1 . ''
Will the change lead to more pressure for Primary 1 registration ?
MOE assured parents that the planned intake from its kindergartens will be below that of the associated primary school . Parents may also choose another primary school .
But it admitted that `` as demand situations differ from year to year , we are unable to predict the demand situation in individual schools and kindergartens '' .
`` The MOE kindergartens are located in areas with upcoming developments and families with young children . We expect healthy demand for these school-based kindergartens as well as the primary schools in that area . ''
MOE explained that it was making this change to help children have an easier transition to the co-located primary schools as they would remain in a familiar environment .
`` With a close partnership between the kindergarten and the primary school , the latter would also be more familiar with the needs of the children , and can more quickly ensure that they have the necessary developmental support when they enter Primary 1 . ''
Currently , about half of MOE kindergarten children register in the associated primary schools . Each kindergarten takes in about 60 to 120 children every year .
When asked if it had considered according the same priority to children attending private kindergartens near primary schools , MOE said its kindergartens come under the purview of primary schools they are co-located with , and the heads and teachers work closely with the primary school teachers . `` Private kindergartens do not have similar arrangements , '' it said .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong had announced in August that MOE will scale up to 50 kindergartens in the next five years .
Following that , MOE announced that it will open 13 new MOE kindergartens in 2019 and 2020 in areas with high demand . All of them will be located in the same compounds as primary schools .
Of the 13 , seven will open in 2019 , and six in 2020 .
SEE TOP OF THE NEWS
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana has begun notifying hundreds of residents in the state with HIV/AIDS that they are at risk of losing their plans obtained through Obamacare 's exchanges if they used funds from a program that provides financial aid to people with the disease to pay for the plans . Starting next month , payments received from the Ryan White program , the largest federally funded program for people with HIV/AIDS , will not be accepted by the insurance provider , according to Reuters .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The decision comes just a few months after the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services cited potential fraud risks from using third-party payments for plans on the health-care law 's exchanges . While CMS did not specifically cite Ryan White funds , BCBS Louisiana told supporters of Obamacare that they would not be able to take payments from the program .
But HIV/AIDS advocates see an incentive for BCBS Louisiana to refuse Ryan White payments as a way to not take on the costs associated with people suffering from the disease . The vice president of the AIDS Foundation of Chicago told the news service that it “ sure looks to us like discrimination against sick people. ” BCBS Louisiana denied such charges .
“ We welcome all Louisiana residents who chose Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana , ” a spokesperson said .
Advertisement
Louisiana is not alone , according to a CMS official ; Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Dakota has also looked to restrict payments through the Ryan White program for Obamacare plans , but is reviewing its process .
by
MEMO TO : Progressives
RE : Bernie , Hillary , Obama & FBI
The corporate oligarchy owns both the Democrats and the GOP . This year Wall Street , the Koch brothers , the Neocons who lied us into Iraq , George Will , George Bush , etcetera , are riding the Hillary train because they do n't like the way the populist right wing and Trump stole their party .
You will be along for the ride with them . The progressives who stick with the Democrats , and who will follow Bernie into promoting Hillary to save us from Hitler/Trump , are just played for suckers .
Obama was a fraud , like Bill Clinton a charismatic speaker who still fools liberals . After their fortunate inability to vote for the Iraq war , being in the Illinois statehouse and not Washington , they pretended to be a peace candidate and clobbered pro-war Hillary . Then they announced there would be no investigation of the lies that led to Iraq , and they appointed Hillary their Secretary of State . They have been their houseboy ever since .
In the morning their FBI lets them off the hook , and in the afternoon they fly off together . Appearance no longer matters to these people . The Democrats do not need any of you in 2016 , they are playing to the disaffected , anti-Trump oligarchs , Wall Street funders and the apparatchiks of the GOP .
Of course , it was all very predictable unless you were deluding yourselves from the beginning , which you alway do , and do so well .
Now Bernie is pitching for money to help deliver their sheep to Philly , and planning a big rally as the convention begins . But their influence waned long ago , except for their ability to still draw true believers who will follow their lead and “ begrudgingly ” support Hillary , the candidate they will be voting for .
Is n't it time to buck up and just say fuck off to the Democrats ?
SIGNED :
# BoycottTrumpClinton
More than four millennia ago , the Indus Valley civilization was a vast and sophisticated culture spanning what is now Pakistan and western India . Their urban planning was admirable and they had impressive water storage and maintenance . This civilization also domesticated animals , harvested crops , and created a unique writing system . The Asurs of central India are the descendants of the famous builder tribe of the Indus Valley civilization , but these people and their secret knowledge are now under severe threat .
The Asurs are one of the oldest groups of indigenous people in India and one of the most ancient metallurgist groups in the world . Their ancestors date back to the Mahabharat Age and passed down special knowledge for iron smelting . The metallurgy of the Asurs is exceptionally advanced and deeply connected to their culture and customs . For example , while smelting iron an Asur woman can sometimes be heard singing to the furnace as if it were a mother expecting the birth of a healthy baby .
A modern Asur man using a traditional furnace to make iron in Ranchi city . ( Nitish Priyadarshi )
Most modern Asur people live in poor conditions in Jharkhand and West Bengal . They lack healthcare , clean water , and educational facilities . Furthermore , bauxite mining in the region has created pollution , illness , and livelihood problems . Nowadays , their numbers only total about 8000 people , but there are some Asurs who are still battling to hold on to their distinct culture and traditions .
One of their distinct cultural features is an advanced knowledge of how to extract iron from laterite rocks . This sets the Asurs apart as everyone else extracts iron from hematite and magnetite .
Laldeo Asur is one of the last custodians of the traditional technique of iron smelting by Asurs . ( Abhishek Saha )
Ashis Sinha , a research scholar and local journalist , points out that the origins of the Asur people can be found in key ancient Indian texts such as the Rigveda and Upanishads . As a report by the researcher states , “ The Asurs of 12 BC were the greatest . They established the Mohenjodaro and Harappan Civilizations . They were tall and Herculean in their builds . ”
One of the best-known examples accredited to the Asurs for their advanced knowledge of ironworking is the famous Ashoka Iron pillar at Delhi . That pillar shows almost no signs of corrosion despite its age and almost pure iron content . It also surpasses modern smelting techniques .
The iron Ashoka pillar . ( akubhatta )
The advanced metalworking knowledge of the Asurs can also be seen in the iron pillar at Dhar , Iron beam at Konark , and Damascus steel , according to Sinha .
The decreasing population and dismal treatment of the Asur people is worrying . They were once a great builder tribe , but if things do not change soon their special skills , customs , indigenous knowledge , and lives could all be lost .
Top Image : A group of Asur men outside a traditional hut in Polpol Path . Source : Abhishek Saha
By April Holloway
Robert Kubica is scheduled to undergo yet more surgery later this month on their injured right elbow before they can tackle a full recovery programme…
Robert Kubica is scheduled to undergo yet more surgery later this month on their injured right elbow before they can tackle a full recovery programme .
Although there is talk of Kubica returning to Formula One with their Lotus Renault next season , the Pole 's comeback will of course depend on their ability and movement .
Kubica was injured in a rally accident in February with their right hand being partially severed as well as serious damage to their leg and shoulder .
They underwent several operations during their month-long stay in hospital and now , six months down the line , needs another one on their right elbow .
“ We need to do this to free their elbow more . With their elbow blocked , we have n't had the chance to work on a full recovery programme as we would do normally , ” Doctor Riccardo Ceccarelli , who is in charge of Kubica 's rehabilitation , told AFP .
“ However , we have kept the other joints moving as much as possible , with the goal of having as much flexibility as we can – the greatest possible muscular mass available once the elbow is unblocked . ”
DALLAS , Texas -- The crane scheduled to aid in the removal of the Robert E. Lee monument in Dallas was involved in a fatal accident Sunday evening .
The crane was en route from the Houston area when it was involved in an accident with an 18-wheeler at Interstate 45 and Linfield Road in Dallas at about 8:15 p.m .
The driver of the 18-wheeler died , and the driver of the crane was not injured , according to Dallas City Manager T.C . Broadnax .
“ The crane was turning westbound on Linfield Road , coming off SM Wright Freeway . It was involved in an incident . It had a green light and the semi-truck came through the green light and collided with the crane , ” Broadnax said .
Prep work for the removal of the controversial statue has continued at Robert E. Lee Park in Oak Lawn since a brief court hearing last Thursday dissolved a temporary restraining order clearing the process to go forward .
Broadnax did not speculate on how the crane accident would impact the timeline for the monument 's removal .
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Repairs needed for clusters of rocks in danger of falling have closed the Northbound lanes of the Claremont Access until at least Wednesday , the city says .
The city first announced the need for `` urgent '' repairs to the slope on Friday , and at that time expected the work would only take part of the day .
The lanes are closed from Upper James Street at Inverness to Victoria Avenue South at Main while workers continue to assess and fix the problem .
`` It 's the nature of the beast , in a way , '' said operations manager Brian Hughes .
The problem was discovered about a week or so ago , when a contractor was on-site to remove trees in the area that could cause problems .
While removing the trees , the contractor discovered rocks and pieces of concrete that were in danger of falling . The problem was found near the area where there was a wall collapse in 2012 , they said .
On Saturday , additional inspection from a consulting engineer found other areas of concern , and so the closure was extended until at least the end of the day on Wednesday .
Washington general manager Brian MacLellan had their hand on the door , with every chance to slam it shut . But they deliberately left it open , just a crack .
“ Maybe at some point if there 's a legitimate hockey deal , ” was their response to a question about whether or not the Capitals would deal their captain and face of the franchise , Alex Ovechkin .
OK — those were n't their only words . To be fair , the quote was much longer :
“ People are looking for a major solution to what we have going on , ” MacLellan said in their belated , season-ending , state of the franchise media address . “ I think part of it is they watch certain things in their game , and then it shows up and they say that 's not acceptable . But he 's a big part of our franchise , a big part of our history . He 's been a big part of where we 're at as an organization and just to casually say , ‘ Let 's trade him ? ' For what ? For who ?
“ I do n't think it makes sense from an organizational point of view . Maybe at some point if there 's a legitimate hockey deal that came available , but I do n't know if that 's where we 're at right now . ”
Stanley Cup Playoffs on Sportsnet NOW Ready for playoff hockey ? Stream every single game of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs with Sportsnet NOW .
So , you 're saying there 's a chance ?
As long a MacLellan is going to leave the door open , let us walk you through what the prospects of having Ovechkin on the open market might look like .
First , some facts :
• Ovechkin , who turns 32 in September , is the Capitals captain and highest-paid player , with an average annual value of $ 9.5 million for the next four seasons . According to Capfriendly.com , Ovechkin has a modified no-trade clause : They can list 10 teams that they can not be traded to , leaving 20 destinations open for a deal .
• This would be an owner-approved trade , and Caps owner Ted Leonsis owes their loyalty to the player whose presence led hockey 's turnaround in D.C. Ovechkin has made Leonsis not just millions but quite possibly billions along the way . My bet : Leonsis retires Ovechkin in Washington , years from now .
Here 's what Washington 's Ovechkin experiment has taught hockey : Your best player ca n't be a winger . By extension , your most expensive one should n't be a winger either . Especially one who does n't really make the players around them better .
So , if Ovechkin — whose game is in decline — were to go to a legitimate contender , one of two things would have to occur : Washington would have to retain a good percentage of their salary , and/or take back a Dustin Brown , a Marian Hossa , a Dion Phaneuf… an aging player with at least four years remaining on their contract .
That does n't help the Capitals at all .
So let 's get creative .
The man who drafted Ovechkin is the new GM in Las Vegas . They might love the idea of having a legitimate NHL star in their lineup full of cast-offs , and winning a Cup in the next four years is out of the equation in Vegas .
Building a fan base is .
McPhee could barter with draft picks — Washington does n't have one until Round 4 of the June 23-24 draft in Chicago — and could offer up a couple of their best NHL Expansion Draft picks , like a defenceman from Anaheim , or a player MacLellan likes from someone else . But it says here , this move would mean Vegas is more interested in selling tickets than building a winner .
Then there is New Jersey .
What about a sign-and-trade for Ilya Kovalchuk ? Kovalchuk is believed to be shopping for a deal around the NHL , but the Devils own their rights . It would be complex , but perhaps there is a Russian roulette to be had between the Caps and Devils ?
The NHL 's new economics , where the cap only rises artificially if the players choose to exercise their five per cent inflator , really puts the kibosh on swapping a $ 9.5 million player . Even an embryonic team like Edmonton or Toronto is looking at salary issues in the relatively near future . Adding a big ticket is entirely out of the question for them , while a place like Arizona or Carolina might have the cap space but likely not the wherewithal to use it .
And Ovechkin , by MacLellan 's own admission , is one of those aging players that is slowing down while the game gets faster around him . We 've seen what happens when a player loses a stride — their production plummets .
With 33 goals in 82 games , Ovechkin 's goal scoring sunk to a career low in 2016-17 . What happens from here ?
“ He 's getting in the low 30s , ” the Caps GM said . “ I think he 's going to have to think of ways they can evolve into a player that still has a major impact on the game . The game 's getting faster . He 's going to have to train in a different way – a more speedway instead of a power way . He 's gon na have to make adjustments to stay ( relevant ) in the game . ”
The only thing about Ovechkin that is not trending downward is their salary .
Truly , it makes any trade out of Washington nearly impossible .
A galaxy refuels
Astronomers observe distant galaxy powered by primordial cosmic fuel
Astronomers have detected cold streams of primordial hydrogen , vestigial matter left over from the Big Bang , fuelling a distant star-forming galaxy in the early Universe . Profuse flows of gas onto galaxies are believed to be crucial for explaining an era 10 billion years ago , when galaxies were copiously forming stars . To make this discovery , the astronomers – a team led by Neil Crighton ( Max Planck Institute for Astronomy and Swinburne University ) – made use of a cosmic coincidence : a bright , distant quasar acting as a `` cosmic lighthouse '' illuminates the gas flow from behind .
Fuelling station : Image of a galaxy ( centre ) with incoming cold gas flow , produced by rendering the gas distribution in a supercomputer simulation of a forming galaxy . A stream of primordial inflowing gas is illuminated from behind by a distant background quasar ( lower left ; quasar added by an artist , along with the starry background ) . © MPIA ( G. Stinson / A. V. Macciò ) Fuelling station : Image of a galaxy ( centre ) with incoming cold gas flow , produced by rendering the gas distribution in a supercomputer simulation of a forming galaxy . A stream of primordial inflowing gas is illuminated from behind by a distant background quasar ( lower left ; quasar added by an artist , along with the starry background ) . © MPIA ( G. Stinson / A. V. Macciò )
In the current narrative of how galaxies like our own Milky Way formed , cosmologists postulate that they were once fed from a vast reservoir of pristine hydrogen in the intergalactic medium , which permeates the vast expanses between galaxies .
Approximately ten billion years ago when the Universe was just one fifth of its current age , early proto-galaxies were in a state of extreme activity , forming new stars at nearly one hundred times their current rate . Because stars form from gas , this fecundity demands a steady source of cosmic fuel .
In the past decade , supercomputer simulations of galaxy formation have become so sophisticated that they can actually predict how galaxies form and are fed : gas funnels onto galaxies along thin cold streams which , like streams of snow melt feeding a mountain lake , channel cool gas from the surrounding intergalactic medium onto galaxies , continuously topping up their supplies of raw material for star formation .
However , testing these predictions has proven to be extremely challenging , because such gas at the edges of galaxies is so rarefied that it emits very little light . Instead , the team of MPIA astronomers systematically searched for examples of a very specific type of cosmic coincidence . Quasars constitute a brief phase in the galactic life-cycle , during which they shine as the most luminous objects in the Universe , powered by the infall of matter onto a supermassive black hole .
From our perspective on Earth , there will be rare cases where a distant background quasar and a stream of primordial gas near a foreground galaxy are exactly aligned on the night sky . As light from the quasar travels toward Earth , it passes by the galaxy and through the primordial gas , before reaching our telescopes .
The cosmic gas selectively absorbs light at very specific frequencies which astronomers refer to as absorption lines . The pattern and shape of these lines provide a cosmic barcode , which astronomers can decode to determine the chemical composition , density , and temperature of the gas .
Using this technique , a team of astronomers led by Neil Crighton ( Max Planck Institute for Astronomy ; now at Swinburne University of Technology , Melbourne ) has found the best evidence to date for a flow of pristine intergalactic gas onto a galaxy . The galaxy , denoted Q1442-MD50 , is so distant that it took 11 billion years for its light to reach us . The primordial infalling gas resides a mere 190,000 light-years from the galaxy – relatively nearby on galactic length-scales – and is revealed in silhouette in the absorption spectrum of the more distant background quasar QSO J1444535+291905 .
A crucial element of their discovery is the detection of the spectral signature of cosmic deuterium , a stable isotope of hydrogen ( with an extra neutron in the nucleus ) . Cosmologists have demonstrated that hydrogen and helium and their stable isotopes like deuterium were all synthesized just minutes after the Big Bang , when the Universe was hot enough to power nuclear reactions . All heavier elements like carbon , nitrogen , and oxygen were created much later in the hot nuclear furnaces of stars . Because the hostile physical conditions in the centres of stars would destroy the fragile deuterium isotope , the discovery of deuterium in the gas confirms that the gas falling onto the galaxy is indeed pristine material left over from the Big Bang .
Crighton explains : `` This is not the first time astronomers have found a galaxy with nearby gas , revealed by a quasar . But it is the first time that everything fits together : The galaxy is vigorously forming stars , and the gas properties clearly show that this is pristine material , left over from the early universe shortly after the big bang . ''
This discovery of this system is part of a large survey for quasar sightlines which pass near galaxies , which is coordinated by Joseph Hennawi , the leader of the ENIGMA research group at the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy .
Hennawi adds : `` Since this discovery is the result of a systematic search , we can now deduce that such cold flows are quite common : We only had to search 12 quasar-galaxy pairs to discover this example . This rate is in rough agreement with the predictions of supercomputer simulations , which provides a vote of confidence for our current theories of how galaxies formed . ''
The astronomers ' long-term goal is to find about ten similar examples of these cold flows , which would allow for a much more detailed comparison of their observations with the predictions of numerical models . To this end , they are currently searching for more quasar-galaxy pairs using the Large Binocular Telescope in Arizona and the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) in Chile .
HOR / MP
When Parade asked me to compile a list of the best 75 books to celebrate the magazine 's 75th anniversary , my first answer was , “ Not a chance ! ” I could picture the mountains of furious letters complaining about all the great works of literature I 'd left off . But when I asked the staff at Parnassus Books , the Nashville store I co-own with Karen Hayes , to take it on as a group project , they were game .
What we discovered in the process is how wildly we disagree about everything , except how much we love books . We wanted novels , sure , but we also wanted picture books , science books , histories and young adult novels . We wanted things that were old , like The Old Man and the Sea , but also things that were hot off the press , like When Breath Becomes Air .
The most important thing about creating any list is figuring out ways to narrow it down , so we decided to choose 75 books from just the last 75 years ( sorry , Grapes of Wrath , you just missed the cut ) and books written only by North Americans , because if we opened it up to the world we would miss plenty of gems out of sheer ignorance and wind up with a lot more than 75 books !
That seemed like a reasonable solution until we realized that meant leaving off Harry Potter , a dealbreaker for half of our staff , so we defaulted to books written in English .
Behold , a mash-up of a list that exemplifies the passionate convictions of 17 booksellers . Are they the best 75 books from the past 75 years ? Judge for yourself .
Click the red launch gallery or the image at the top of this story to see all 75 books and see below for Patchett 's insights about some of their picks .
Download a printable checklist of Ann Patchett 's 75 books
Brideshead Revisited by Evelyn Waugh ( 1945 )
“ This book is so perfectly executed—literature at its most engaging . When I think about so many of the books on this list , I 'm also thinking about the books that did n't get on . Personally , I love A Handful of Dust slightly more than Brideshead , but I was outvoted . ”
The Hero With a Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell ( 1949 )
“ This book belongs to no era . It 's pure wisdom . ”
The End of the Affair by Graham Greene ( 1951 )
“ This book is on the list because Mary Laura Philpot , who 's in charge of our online literary magazine , Musing , pretty much said she 'd quit if we did n't include The End of the Affair and Kazuo Ishiguro 's Never Let Me Go . We all had books that we refused to be flexible on . Greene 's body of work is both large and wildly diverse : There are the political Greene novels , the comic Greene novels , the romantic Greene novels . If you 're just picking one , it 's not going to be representative of their entire body of work , so in the end we went with the one Mary Laura loved best . I have to say , I completely agree with her . ”
Nine Stories by J.D . Salinger ( 1953 )
“ Nine Stories is a book I 've gone back to at different moments in my life , and I always find something new . I 've passionately loved different stories at different times , first “ Teddy , ” later “ For Esmé—With Love and Squalor. ” I could list all of them . It 's also the most perfectly balanced collection of stories I know . There are no weak links . The Catcher in the Rye is a great book when you 're a kid , and Franny and Zooey is a great book when you 're in your 20s , but Nine Stories can see you through your entire life . ”
Books in the 1960s :
“ America was so vulnerable in the '60s . I think of the pain that the country suffered through because of the war in Vietnam , the Civil Rights movement , the women 's movement–it tore our hearts open , and that openness is the place from which great art is often made . ”
Mastering the Art of French Cooking by Julia Child ( 1961 )
The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath ( 1963 )
“ These two books make a nice pairing because , in extremely different ways , they 're books about women finding their art and their daring . Plath and Child both test themselves to see what they 're capable of , and that set the tone not only for the '60s but for the rest of our lives . ”
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams ( 1979 )
“ This book was the guide to the '70s . The world as we had known it in the '50s was finished . Who knew what was coming ? This is the book that says everything we used to know is gone , but what 's up ahead may be a lot cooler than anything we could have ever imagined . ”
Maus by Art Spiegelman ( 1980 )
“ The first graphic novel to address a serious subject—one of the first graphic novels for adults I had ever seen , this book made us look at one of the most painful and widely documented atrocities in history with fresh eyes . Maus made us think again . Its influence has certainly been clear in the rise of graphic novels , but I think it 's spread throughout all art forms , going all the way up to the play Hamilton . How can the artist make their audience fully experience history ? Present it in the most unexpected way . ”
The Harry Potter novels by J.K. Rowling ( 1997–2007 )
“ The Harry Potter phenomenon was and still is incredibly uplifting because it turned children into readers . It gave them a profound connection to characters , and that nearly rabid need to know what was coming next . The readers and the characters grew up together , and the passion for the books spread to the parents and then to the next generation . Any child who grew up reading Harry Potter knows that they are fully capable of later reading something like Great Expectations , because she 's had that experience of losing themselves in great big books . ”
Seth Meyers Loves Books and Late Nights
On Writing by Stephen King ( 1999 )
“ It would be impossible for a bunch of booksellers to decide on their favorite Stephen King novel , but we all agreed On Writing should make the list . You do n't need to be a King fan , a horror fan , or someone who wants to write to love this book ( though Stephen King 's horror fans who want to write will be deeply satisfied ) . It 's just a great book about determination , and how the past shapes us , and how the love and support of a single person can make all the difference . It 's also the best explanation of addiction , and overcoming addiction , that I 've ever read . ”
Consider the Lobster by David Foster Wallace ( 2005 )
“ Some people feel intimidated by David Foster Wallace 's books , and some of their books can be intimidating . By adding Consider the Lobster to this list , we 're suggesting a book that shows Wallace 's brilliance at its very best while still being accessible . This is a very funny book , very manageable , but the writing is never less than dazzling . They continually ask us if we 're thinking about what we 're doing , because he 's thinking about what he 's doing every second . ”
My Name Is Lucy Barton by Elizabeth Strout ( 2016 )
“ The book grabs the reader from the opening pages and never lets go . That 's why it 's so perfect for right now . There are so many demands on our time and attention , and Elizabeth Strout actually gets our attention , all of it , by simply and directly telling us an unforgettable story . ”
Click the red launch gallery button to see all 75 books .
Award-winning author Ann Patchett 's novels include Bel Canto , The Magician 's Assistant and Commonwealth .
Descriptions in gallery by Luke Wiget .
A version of this article first appeared in the June 26 , 2016 edition of Parade magazine .
School Voucher Programs Should Be Clear About Disability Rights , Report Says
Enlarge this image Nick Shepherd/Getty Images/Ikon Images Nick Shepherd/Getty Images/Ikon Images
School voucher programs need ( at least ) three key ingredients :
1 . Multiple schools ( do n't roll your eyes , city dwellers , this one 's a brick wall for many rural parents ) .
2 . A system that makes private schools affordable for low-income parents . Choice is n't choice if it 's only the rich who get to choose .
3 . And transparency , so that a child 's caregiver can review the options and make an informed choice .
This story is about that last ingredient .
A new report from the nonpartisan U.S. Government Accountability Office says many of the nation 's voucher programs — and the private schools that participate in them — are n't giving parents the information they need to make an informed choice , especially parents of kids with disabilities .
Federal law says that students with disabilities are entitled to certain protections when they attend public school ( more on those in a minute ) . If parents use a publicly funded voucher to enroll their child in a private school , they leave many of those protections behind . Some families do this knowingly , trading federal guarantees in a cash-strapped public school for the hope of something better on the private market .
But often , parents do n't understand when they 've left the safety of the law behind , and , according to the GAO , many voucher programs do n't tell them .
`` Congress should consider requiring that states notify parents/guardians of changes in students ' federal special education rights when a student with a disability is moved from public to private school by their parent . ''
That 's the GAO 's key recommendation after reviewing the nation 's 23 private-school voucher programs and four education savings account programs .
This may sound tedious : a clarion call for more ... notification ? But for students with disabilities and their parents , it 's a big deal . Here 's why .
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act , also known as IDEA , offers important protections to some 6.5 million children . At the top of the list : a guaranteed free and appropriate public education ( FAPE ) , including access to necessary special education services and certified teachers . Another guarantee : that the education take place in the `` least restrictive environment '' possible .
That means schools have to balance giving students the special services they need while , whenever possible , giving them access to general education classes . The law also includes some safeguards to make sure students are n't disciplined inappropriately for disruptive behavior related to their disability .
These protections follow a child if , for example , a school district decides they would be better off in a private school , perhaps because it specializes in serving students with their disability . But , when it 's the student 's caregiver who initiates the move , the right to FAPE evaporates . And many parents simply do n't know that . One reason : Many private schools do n't tell them .
The Government Accountability Office reviewed a nationally representative sample of the websites of more than 300 voucher-accepting private schools .
`` We estimate that no more than half of all schools participating in any type of voucher program provide information on their websites about students with disabilities , '' says Jackie Nowicki , director of K-12 education at the GAO .
Nowicki and their team also reviewed the information provided to parents directly by the choice programs , including 15 that are designed specifically for students with disabilities . Roughly three-quarters of students enrolled in those 15 programs were given no information on how their rights would change upon leaving public school . Another 10 percent of students were enrolled in disability choice programs that provided parents with inaccurate information .
`` You know , we may all be presented with a set of facts and make different decisions based on those facts , '' Nowicki says , but `` being able to make good decisions is predicated on having good information . ''
As part of its review , the GAO also interviewed 17 families of students with disabilities . Some said they were happy with their child 's private school experience and considered it an improvement over what they 'd gotten in public school .
But several families said they wished they had known that a private school could charge them for special education services . And one family was , according to the report , `` surprised to learn that teachers providing special education services to their child [ in private school ] were not trained to provide those services . '' Granted , 17 families is a small sample size , but NPR has also heard these concerns from parents during previous reporting .
The Education Department points out that it does n't have the authority to require states to be more transparent — to tell parents about the rights they 're giving up when they leave a public school . That 's why the GAO recommends that Congress considers stepping in and writing a new requirement .
The GAO 's message is not : Choice is bad .
It 's more like : Parents deserve to know what they 're choosing .
Though comment sections tend to get into some heated battles over Marvel and DC films , especially with Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice and Captain America : Civil War coming in 2016 , the directors of Marvel 's side of the 2016 superhero showdowns do n't see their DC counterparts as competition .
`` As filmmakers , my brother and I , we love the genre , '' Anthony Russo said during a live panel at CCXP in Brazil this weekend . `` The more good comic book movies there are the betters , as far as we 're concerned . So , we do n't really look at it as competition . We think Zack Snyder is great and we hope the movie is fun and great and we enjoy it like everybody else . ''
That 's the spirit .
Russo , like many of the more level-headed Internet users , sees the positive side of multiple superhero films coming from different studios . Let 's all learn from this and be grateful that in the same year we get to watch the DC Trinity unite , the Avengers feud , and the X-Men take on their most powerful threat yet . Oh , and listen to Deadpool curse like a sailor !
All eyes were on Romelu Lukaku as the teams for the Manchester derby were announced , with the Belgian striker 's “ big-game mentality ” repeatedly questioned during their time in the Premier League .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was back in contention and fans wondered whether Jose Mourinho would opt to start the big Swede , but after getting the nod Lukaku failed to impress .
The 24-year-old had a hand in both of Manchester City 's goals , leaving an easy opportunity for anyone who wanted to make a joke at the striker 's expense .
Who says Lukaku does n't show up in big games ? That 's two assists now . — Tim Bolton ( @ timbolton1 ) December 10 , 2017
Lukaku failed to defend the corner from which City 's first goal came while their role in their winner was even bigger – hitting their clearance against a City player and watching Nicolas Otamendi convert from the deflection .
While there were variations on the comments people were making…
Lukaku most creative Belgian in the league . — Jack Preacher ( @ StigEzeh ) December 10 , 2017
There were n't many .
Romelu Lukaku takes a lot of digs about not showing up in big games but he 's been outstanding for Man City today . — Tom Todhunter ( @ tdhntr ) December 10 , 2017
Lukaku has got eight Premier League goals so far this season but only one of those has come since September . Some fans are now losing patience .
Mkhitaryan was killed and eaten for less than what Lukaku has done today — BURNS ( @ TheSteveBurnio ) December 10 , 2017
Lukaku needs to go to where Mkhi is , I 've had enough . — ~ M ~ ( @ Mxbel ) December 10 , 2017
The former Everton man 's big chance came late in the game but from a few yards out they could only hit the ball at Ederson .
( Dave Thompson/AP )
Lukaku trying to score a goal pic.twitter.com/I2iU9pau2N — Niall ( @ Sanogology ) December 10 , 2017
I 've defended them alot but Romelu Lukaku 's performance today is inexcusable . Horrific defending for both goals and simply has to bury the chance against Ederson . Fine margians in which titles are won and lost . — Harry ( @ Bruxinho33 ) December 10 , 2017
Man said Lukaku plays like he 's wearing jeans — Edwin ( @ edwin_afc ) December 10 , 2017
It meant the game finished 2-1 to City and they stretched their winning streak to 14 games – the joint-longest such streak in English top division history along with Arsenal 's between February and August 2002 .
They do get a record all of their own , though .
14 – Man City have won their last 14 league games in a row – the most by a team in a single English top-flight season . Momentum . pic.twitter.com/082h7oDeuI — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) December 10 , 2017
As if the loss was n't already bad enough for Jose Mourinho , it marked their ninth defeat against Pep Guardiola . More than against anyone else .
He 'll be hoping they wo n't be watching Guardiola lift the trophy at the end of the season , but with City 11 points ahead of United now it 's looking increasingly likely .
Last Friday , we had to say good-bye to our satellites as they were sealed from view within the Soyuz rocket fairing .
The encapsulation process followed another critical milestone , that of mating the Sentinel-1B to the Fregat upper stage .
Earlier in the week , the Fregat had arrived in the ‘ S3 ' building where the CNES Microscope satellite and the three CubeSats , which have been developed through ESA 's Fly your Satellite ! Education programme , were waiting , already integrated in the ASAP-S launch adapter .
Once the Fregat had been accommodated in the ‘ KMTO ' yellow scaffolding integration structure , the ASAP-S adapter with the host satellites was joined to the Fregat .
The next main job was to check all the connections in preparation for mating Sentinel-1B to the Fregat , and then finally mating could take place .
When the KMTO scaffolding was opened , it revealed an impressive set of satellites – all tested , all verified , all ready for space .
It was at this point that the teams started to get very excited .
Early Friday morning , the team went to the S3B building for a last glance of Sentinel-1B .
Several inspections ensured that the entire stack of Fregat , ASAP-S ( the small satellites adapter ) and Sentinel-1B was ready for encapsulation .
During the actual encapsulation process , those not directly involved in this hazardous operation had to leave the building and follow progress on TV monitors in other buildings .
Encapsulation started in the morning at around 10:00 and finished at around 14:00 .
Afterwards a special team arrived to apply the various logos on the fairing . In its current configuration , Sentinel-1B forms part of the Upper Composite , which will be transported to the launch site and hoisted on top of Soyuz on Tuesday ( 19 April ) afternoon .
Although the satellite is now within the fairing , other activities such as battery charging are being carried out and controlled remotely from the S5C building , meaning that some of the team has been working through the weekend .
The rest of us can relax and recover from the long working days – a last breather to ensure the team is well rested for the countdown rehearsals , Soyuz finalisation , and launch on Friday 22 April .
Photos of the encapsulation will follow .
From the team in Kourou .
For information about our Sentinel-1 mission visit www.esa.int/sentinel-1
For information about CubeSats Fly Your Satellite ! visit : http : //www.esa.int/Education/CubeSats_-_Fly_Your_Satellite
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Robert Culp , the actor who rose to fame as secret agent Kelly Robinson on the groundbreaking 1960s TV series `` I Spy '' and later played Ray Romano 's father-in-law on `` Everybody Loves Raymond , '' has died . They were 79 .
Culp died after falling on a sidewalk near a Los Angeles park , said their publicist , Dick Delson . Delson had no further details .
The versatile Culp not only acted in `` I Spy , '' which aired on NBC from 1965 to 1968 , they also wrote several episodes . The series , which also starred Bill Cosby as Robinson 's partner ( and , as their covers , trainer to Culp 's globe-trotting tennis player ) , was the first to feature an African-American in a lead role ; Cosby won three Emmys for their work .
`` I never had so much fun in my life , never , before or since , '' they said of `` I Spy '' in a 2007 interview with the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences ' Archive of American Television .
Culp and Cosby remained good friends after the series left air .
But Culp could be hard on himself , they said -- material they channeled into Kelly Robinson .
`` There are a lot of flaws in Kelly Robinson , much more than you see in the ordinary leading character on a TV show , '' they said . `` Those all come from inside . Those are all part of me . ''
Culp collapsed near the lower entrance to Runyon Canyon Park , a popular hiking area in Hollywood , according to a Los Angeles Police official .
They were pronounced dead at a hospital a half hour later , Officer Rosaria Herrera said . It was unclear if the fall caused their death , and the coroner has opened an investigation , they said .
Culp made the transition to motion picture actor with mixed success . They starred in 1969 's `` Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice , '' a talked-about film about spouse-swapping couples , as well as 1971 's `` Hannah Caulder , '' opposite Raquel Welch , and 1972 's `` Hickey & Boggs . '' Later in their career , they also appeared in `` The Pelican Brief '' ( 1993 ) .
But they were most often seen on television , appearing in dozens of series episodes and TV movies over their 50-year career , starting with scores of episodes of Westerns and Golden Age dramas in the '50s and early '60s .
Their notable credits include a co-starring role in the series `` The Greatest American Hero '' and appearances on `` The Cosby Show , '' `` Columbo , '' `` Wings , '' `` Chicago Hope '' and `` Raymond . ''
Culp is survived by their fifth wife , Candace Faulkner .
Their five marriages produced five children and five grandchildren , according to their Web site .
CNN 's Jack Hannah and Alan Duke contributed to this report .
EXCLUSIVE : Joel Silver ‘ s Silver Pictures has joined forces with Studio Canal to build a new franchise with a retelling of Escape From New York . The 1981 John Carpenter original starred Kurt Russell as Snake Plissken , a tough convict dropped into a futuristic New York that has been turned into a post-apocalyptic maximum security prison . He 's charged with rescuing the president ( Donald Pleasence ) , who is held hostage by the prison kingpin ( Isaac Hayes ) after their plane crashes within the city walls . Snake 's offered a pardon if he 's successful , but fitted with a lethal device that will kill them if they try to run or misses the deadline .
A remake had been attempted not that long ago at New Line with producer Neil Moritz and The Crazies helmer Breck Eisner , with Gerard Butler , Jeremy Renner and Tom Hardy all mentioned as potentials to play Plissken . That effort ended when New Line let the option lapse almost two years ago .
Studio Canal , which partnered with Silver on the Liam Neeson action films Unknown and Non-Stop and the upcoming Sean Penn-starrer Prone Gunman , has entrusted Silver with the rights . Silver is planning an entirely new take on the material . The goal is to turn it into a trilogy , starting with an origin story in a fashion similar to the way Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes restarted that franchise . Studio Canal will finance development of the project before placing it with a studio . A writer search is underway .
Silver and Andrew Rona will produce . Silver 's EVP Alex Heineman will be executive producer . As for a new Snake , either Butler , Renner , Hardy or Neeson would hit the mark as the one-eyed tough guy .
A Bike Bridge Too Far ?
Backers of a bike-pedestrian bridge between Alameda and Jack London Square are looking for creative ways to build it . But the Coast Guard is blocking the way .
By Sarah Phelan
Alameda officials say demands by the Coast Guard have made a bike bridge unfeasible . Photo by Chris Duffey
All it takes is one trip along the narrow two-way bicycle-pedestrian path in the Posey Tube to convince most people to never cross the estuary via this hellish portal again . Unfortunately , the Posey Tube is the only way to cross the estuary by foot or bike from West Alameda .
Caltrans recently widened the footpath by 4 inches , but it 's inaccessible to wheelchair users , and cyclists must still dismount and raise their wheels to allow oncoming travelers to pass by . The path is slightly raised above traffic and shielded by a barrier , but the design does not protect pedestrians and bicyclists from exhaust fumes generated by thousands of vehicles each day as they zoom toward Oakland and Interstate 880 by way of a one-way stretch of Route 260 that also runs through the Posey Tube .
“ Most of us take the path only once , when we get desperate , ” said BART director Robert Raburn , who test-biked the renovated path recently , when they missed their bus . “ The barrier fence is improved , but it 's still a high-anxiety bike ride , ” they said . “ We 're doing nobody a favor by maintaining such a system . ”
“ Only for diehards ” is how state Assemblymember Rob Bonta , D-Oakland , described the Posey Tube path during a recent interview . “ We can do so much better . ”
But what does better look like ? Seven years ago , the city of Alameda analyzed possible improvements as part of its 2009 Estuary Crossing Feasibility Study . The comprehensive study examined bike shuttles ; improved ferry and bus service ; Posey Tube modifications ; a new tunnel for bicycles and pedestrians ; aerial tramways ; amphibious vehicles ; water taxis ; bus-bike barges ; an underground extension to BART ; and a bicycle-pedestrian bridge . “ Obviously , we have challenges , ” Bonta said , citing limited options and congested paths for traffic to travel between Alameda 's West End and Oakland . “ But a bike-pedestrian bridge over the estuary was the city 's preferred long-term solution . ”
Courtesy of Bike Walk Alameda Activists say a bike bridge should be a top priority .
Since then , the city has made progress on improving the Posey Tube pathway , providing a bike shuttle , and funding a water taxi—upgrades that Alameda officials identified as the preferred short and medium-term improvements . But seven years later , the city has taken no concrete steps toward further exploring the bridge option , and officials say it 's because of the U.S. Coast Guard .
In a September 2008 letter to the city , Coast Guard Bridge Chief David Sulouff stated that any proposed bridge between the Webster-Posey tubes and the Park Street drawbridge must provide hundreds of feet of navigational space—both vertically and horizontally—to ensure that vessels , including the Guard 's large National Security Cutters and crane barges , can safely navigate the structure .
“ The Coast Guard is n't for or against a bridge , ” Sulouff said recently in an interview . “ Our role is to ensure safe navigation . ”
Sulouff further noted that it 's not just the Coast Guard that would be impacted : “ it 's any vessel that wants clearance , and sailing vessels are sometimes quite tall. ” Coast Guard cutters regularly travel up and down the estuary on their way to and from Coast Guard Island , and the proposed bridge would have to be tall enough to allow cutters and other vessels to pass . As a result , the 2009 study envisioned cyclists and pedestrians accessing a tall bridge via elevator towers .
Bike Walk Alameda President Lucy Gigli recalled that when the city prepared its 2009 Estuary Crossing Study , the bridge option had some navigational constraints that the Coast Guard thought were “ too difficult to overcome . But in recent months , we 've seen that the benefits of a bridge are astronomical for the West End , given the new housing being built and in the pipeline and that the tubes are already almost maxed out during the commute , ” Gigli added . “ There was a bit of a hiatus on the West End in the last 10 to 15 years , but traffic is beginning to ramp up again . ”
Jennifer Ott , the city 's chief operating officer for Alameda Point , noted that there are also 1,800 housing units in the development pipeline , many at Alameda Point .
In light of the city 's impending growth , Raburn believes a bike-pedestrian bridge should be “ front and center ” on the city 's list of upcoming transportation projects . “ But it 's not , ” they said . “ Instead , we keep running into a buzzsaw that 's basically a lack of interest . ”
Frustrated by the city 's lack of enthusiasm and the looming prospect of increasing congestion , advocates with Bike Walk Alameda and Walk Oakland Bike Oakland circulated a petition in May 2016 that urged Alameda and Oakland to “ build a bicycle and pedestrian moveable bridge to connect West Alameda with downtown Oakland. ” The bridge , the petition argued , would provide 24/7 convenient , enjoyable , reliable access ; reduce congestion in the Posey and Webster tubes ; provide BART and Amtrak access for Alameda 's West End residents ; generate new opportunities on both sides of the estuary ; promote healthy lifestyles ; and decrease emissions and improve air quality .
Within a few weeks , 1,460 residents had signed the petition .
Gigli said this rapid outpouring of public support helped in conversations with the cities of Alameda and Oakland , the Alameda County Transportation Commission , or ACTC , Caltrans , and both local and federal elected officials , including Rep. Barbara Lee . “ Not one person said , ‘ This is not a good idea , ' ” Gigli recalled . “ A few said , ‘ there are obstacles , they are too much trouble , and then there 's the cost . ' But if we sort it out and solve it , we 've hit the jackpot . ”
However , in October , city officials decided to recommend against nominating the proposal for a $ 250,000 grant from the ACTC—monies that would have been used to evaluate the engineering feasibility of the bridge . “ The Coast Guard criteria make the proposed bridge practically infeasible , ” Ott said . “ And there 's no way to get federal funding for a bridge that would open and close unpredictably , cost $ 75 million , and be the tallest drawbridge in the world , thanks to Coast Guard requirements . So , my advice was , let 's not spend $ 250,000 studying more technical solutions , when the problem is the Coast Guard criteria . Instead , can we change those criteria ? Can we interpret them creatively ? ”
Raburn said they think a so-called swing bridge that would open laterally rather than vertically is “ incredibly feasible , ” given the estuary 's changing shipping dynamics . Swing bridges have enabled communities to overcome complex challenges around the globe . They open like a swinging gate allowing vessels to pass , rather than a drawbridge design like the Park Street Bridge . Raburn also noted that the bridge 's $ 75 million price estimate was based on the Coast Guard 's 2008 criteria and related land acquisition requirements—needs that could change with a different design . Compared to building a second BART tube with a station in Alameda , the costs of building a bike-pedestrian bridge would be a “ relatively small investment , ” Raburn said . “ And by the time a cutter pulls away from the dock on Coast Guard Island , a swing-span bridge would be wide open . ”
Coast Guard public information officer Dan Dewel said four major long-range cutters are moored at Coast Guard Island . “ And when cutters need repairs , they must take multiple trips up and down estuary to undergo work , ” Dewel said . Visiting cutters also come and go about three or four times a year , and smaller Coast Guard cutters , which are based at Yerba Buena Island , patrol the San Francisco Bay . “ They can and do come up the estuary , to and from Coast Guard Island , for routine patrols and emergencies . ”
Faced with the lack of funding to study the bridge , bike-walk advocates are focusing on securing the support of local , state , and federal officials , and the Coast Guard . “ We 're hoping the Coast Guard will go further and , in the spirit of cooperation with the broader community , not just claim the largest navigable area , but something that we can all work with , ” said Bike Walk Alameda 's Cyndy Johnson .
But as advocates begin to ponder the possibilities of a swing bridge over the estuary , there 's a bit of historic irony blowing in the wind . That 's because the creation of Coast Guard Island in 1913—and the ensuing need for cutters to be able to access the estuary between the bay and the Park Street drawbridge—led to the eventual demolition of Alameda 's first swing bridge over the estuary and its replacement , first with the Posey Tube , and then the Webster Tube .
Postcard courtest of gary Leonhart at AlamedaInfo.com Ironically , the creation of Coast Guard Island resulted in the removal of a swing bridge over the estuary .
Moving forward , Bonta said they support pursuing the bridge concept—a position shared with Raburn , Oakland councilmember Lynette Gibson McElhaney , and Alameda City Councilmembers Marilyn Ezzy Ashcraft , Jim Oddie , and Malia Vella . “ My office has offered to help advocates identify funding , at the local , county , and state level—and maybe even the federal government , ” Bonta said . “ I think there are ways both could be successful : the Coast Guard could move its vehicles , and we could also have a pedestrian/bike bridge . ”
Ezzy Ashcraft said city staffers need to be “ more open-minded ” about the bridge . “ Lots of BART and AC Transit riders would welcome this idea , ” they said . Like Bonta and Raburn , Ashcraft hopes creative bridge designs can resolve the logjam over the Coast Guard 's navigational criteria .
“ But we do need to start with the Coast Guard , ” Ashcraft said . “ We have a Coast Guard base . We provide a welcoming atmosphere to Coast Guard families . So , perhaps the Coast Guard can help with our traffic congestion problems . ”
Published online on Jan. 9 , 2017 at 8:00 a.m .
Now in their fourth season as a key member of Team Arrow , John Diggle has finally gone where the fans have long demanded they go : he 's suiting up .
The CW has provided ComicBook.com with a first look at John Diggle 's costume , which you can see above . As promised at Comic-Con , they are n't masked -- per se -- but instead wearing a helmet . Based on the concept art presented there , it seems likely he 'll have a visor that can be put up or down depending on circumstances .
This should be handy in a new season where Diggle has been acting as the de facto head of Team Arrow in Oliver 's absence , helping Black Canary and Speedy protect the streets of Star ( ling ) City . Now , of course , will come the speculation as to whether he 's meant to be Guardian , Gangbuster or another helmeted DC hero ... !
The great heave forward ... Chinese passengers are forced to get out and push their broken passenger plane
Anyone who has ever used budget airlines know only too well how uncomfortable it can be : long queues , cramped seats and every tiny extra costs you .
But at least they are never told to get out and help push their plane .
That is exactly what happened to a group of passengers in China who were asked to get out and push after their plane broke down shortly after landing .
All together now : Passengers join airport staff to move the jet off the runway at Zhengzhou Airport
The Chinese Shandong airlines flight CRJ7 arrived safely at Zhengzhou from Guilin , but broke down before it could taxi to the passenger terminal .
Airport staff were called out to help push , but they had to ask some of the 69 passengers on board to help because the plane would not budge .
It took the group nearly two hours to shove the plane half a mile to a side lane .
One of the airport workers said : 'Thank God it was only a 20-ton medium-sized aeroplane . If it were a big plane , it would have knocked us out . '
The plane remained parked in the side lane on Friday night , waiting for technicians arriving on the next flight to fix the problem .
Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov , who has ruled the central Asian nation for more than 25 years , is in intensive care after suffering a brain haemorrhage , according to their daughter .
`` My father was hospitalised after suffering a cerebral haemorrhage on Saturday morning , and is now receiving treatment in an intensive care unit , '' Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva wrote on Instagram on Monday of their 78-year-old father .
Karimova-Tillyaeva , who is also Uzbekistan 's ambassador to UNESCO , added that `` his condition is considered stable '' but that it was `` too early to make any predictions about their future health '' at the moment .
The government on Sunday announced that the leader , long dogged by rumours of ill health , had been hospitalised , without giving details .
Karimov has been at the helm of the country since before it gained independence from Moscow in 1991 .
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told journalists that Russian President Vladimir Putin was `` deeply grieved by the illness of the Uzbek president '' and was being kept informed of their state through diplomatic channels and the media .
`` We value our relationship with Uzbekistan , '' added Peskov .
`` In this case we would really like to receive only positive news on the president 's state of health . ''
Everyday , life gets easier for script kiddies . These days everything is pretty much automated . I came across the db_autopwn feature of the Metasploit Framework a few semesters ago and I think it 's definitely something that security professionals should know about and administrators should use as a quick way to find holes in their network . Try it now before someone else on the Internet does .
Prerequisites
I assume the following :
You have the latest version of Metasploit Framework installed
You have MySQL , or other database server running and configured properly
How it works ( the simple version )
This command works by using some sort of database . I will be using MySQL as I am most familiar with it , but PostgresSQL is an excellent alternative especially when dealing with large networks . The information stored in the database can vary . There is more than one way to get information into the database that Metasploit will be able to read .
You may choose from an NBE file from Nessus , the Nmap XML output files , or use the built-in Nmap wrapper command ( db_nmap ) . For a more thorough test I would highly recommend using a Nessus scan as it matches exploits based on actual vulnerabilities , while the Nmap results match exploits based solely on port numbers . Really though you should be fine using the Nmap scans as long as your services are running on standard ports . Once all the data is in the database , it 's then just a matter of executing the db_autopwn command . It will read through the database and automatically try to exploit vulnerabilities based on the IPs on your network as well as the open ports .
Performing the Pentest
First you must load up the MySQL plugin so that connections to the database are possible .
msf > load db_mysql [ * ] Successfully loaded plugin : db_mysql
Now go ahead and create a database within MySQL . Insert your own credentials as necessary .
msf > db_create root : password @ localhost/pentest [ * ] Database creation complete ( check for errors )
It says to check for errors , so why not ? Login to the MySQL console and take a look .
$ mysql -u root -p mysql > show databases ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | Database | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | pentest | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + 5 rows in set ( 0.10 sec ) mysql > use pentest mysql > show tables ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ | Tables_in_pentest | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ | hosts | | notes | | refs | | services | | vulns | | vulns_refs | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ 6 rows in set ( 0.00 sec )
As you can see the pentest database exists and the proper tables exist within . Next you need to fill up the database . I 'm going to use the db_nmap wrapper because that 's keeping this pentest very simple and quick . You can throw any nmap options at this command as it is just a wrapper . I do a quick scan of my entire network with the following :
msf > db_nmap -A 192.168.1.0/24
Once that finishes running find out if the hosts on your network were loaded into the database .
msf > db_hosts [ * ] Time : Thu May 21 22:52:48 -0700 2009 Host : 192.168.1.1 Status : alive OS : [ * ] Time : Thu May 21 22:52:49 -0700 2009 Host : 192.168.1.2 Status : alive OS : [ * ] Time : Thu May 21 22:52:49 -0700 2009 Host : 192.168.1.103 Status : alive OS : [ * ] Time : Thu May 21 22:52:49 -0700 2009 Host : 192.168.1.120 Status : alive OS : [ * ] Time : Thu May 21 22:52:49 -0700 2009 Host : 192.168.1.140 Status : alive OS :
Your database is now set up and you can run the db_autopwn command against your network . You can find out all the options for the command by running db_autopwn with no options . Something that should be noted , the x switch is for use with information loaded from a Nessus scan . It uses vulnerability references instead of relying on ports . Here we will be relying on port numbers .
msf > db_autopwn -pb
The options I used tell the command to match vulnerabilities based on open ports and to bind using a random port . This command may take some time to run depending on the number of ports open on each device as well as the number of hosts you are running through . If you read the help options you will find ways to only run against certain hosts , which is highly recommended since your workstations probably do not need to be scanned as they should not have any ports available to the outside . To find out if any exploits were successful , use the sessions command . You should be familiar with this command if you 're using Metasploit , but to give you a hint take a look at sessions -lv to list all current shell connections as well as the exploit that allowed for remote shell access . Then you can use -i to connect to the session numbers shell .
Why is this important ?
As I stated in the beginning , script kiddies are going rampant trying to build bot nets . Do n't let your systems become part of this . Just run a quick pentest because that will show you what is open and exploitable by script kiddies . This is a great way to show improvement to your bosses as well . That way they can stop thinking that you 're not doing anything .
Blog on security , programming , & other musings
Timebleed Breaking Privacy With a Simple Timing Attack
TimeBleed : Simple Attack , Serious Issue
Background
While researching IPFS , I realized that using a simple timing attack , attackers could IPFS ' gateway to check what pages a user has accessed , and download unique pages for use as a 'supercookie ' .
Shortly after , I realized this attack would apply to the web in general , and could have serious implications for other networks/software .
The Attack
The attack is simple . A malicious website will simply send an XHR request ( or a hidden img tag ) to a website it wishes to test for . If the user has recently visited the requested website , the domain will resolve/respond faster than if they had not , due to DNS and other caching .
The `` same origin '' policy does not prevent this , since requests can still be measured .
Whats the big deal ?
Trackers , scammers , hackers , and anyone else could check if you have visited any given site recently .
Scareware could use this to extort users who visit adult websites .
While tracking is possible using normal 'web bugs ' , the target website needs to embed this themselves , and many browser extensions/settings will protect against them . TimeBleed is not so simple to prevent .
Tor Browser
Tor Browser effectively defends aganist this attack by properly isolating connections , see here for more information .
Orfox
Orfox , the unofficial but most recommended browser for using Tor on Android devices , sadly does not defend against TimeBleed , which could be used to help correlate multiple connections . Orfox needs to use the unlinkability features specified in the Tor Browser draft .
Other Networks
Freenet , ZeroNet and I2P are vulnerable to varying degrees .
Freenet
Freenet is affected by this the worst .
Some Freenet `` links '' ( keys ) are consistant to every file , so an attacker could generate many links for files they are interested in checking for , or they could use site indexes/search engines to create a list .
Like most of the other networks in this post , Freenet 's default and most popular implementation ( 'FRED ' ) uses an HTTP server to provide access to `` websites '' within the network .
Although it is not perfect , Freenet does a decent job protecting users . Despite this , TimeBleed can be used to check a user 's FRED for cached keys . An attacker could embed the TimeBleed script into normal web traffic , as web browsers do not prevent 3rd party requests to localhost servers .
ZeroNet
ZeroNet is affected much in the same way as IPFS , with attackers being able to check what sites a person has in their client . Like IPFS , this is not a huge deal as nodes can already see who has what site , however ZeroNet nodes can also hide behind Tor , VPNs , etc . TimeBleed is potentially a way of bypassing that , and in addition it can be used as a supercookie by `` sending '' ZeroNet users unique sites , and checking for them later .
I was getting somewhat conflicting results when testing ZeroNet , so anyone who tests ZeroNet for this themselves , please let me know what you find . I noticed that .bit domains are more reliable for detection than Bitcoin address websites .
I2P
I2P is affected in the same way as Orfox , however , in some cases it is permanent , as I2P has no concept of domains at the network level . Instead , I2P uses an 'addressbook ' ( similar to a hosts file ) to map hostnames . If a user tries to visit a site not in their address book , I2P offers to use a 'jump service ' . If the jump service finds the site for them , they have the option of adding it to their book .
If the user chooses to do so , this will make the user 's addressbook unique and therefore fingerprintable .
Proof of Concept
I have created a proof of concept page with a tl ; dr description of the issue .
Lessons Learned & Mitigation
It is very difficult to make a web based application anonymous . There is much room to slip up , and something as simple as how long a request response takes can give away a lot of information .
Browser vendors should implement a setting to 'forget ' cross origin request DNS connections/sessions . I think this is a long shot because they still enable 3rd party cookies by default ...
Users who want to prevent this attack should use the noscript + uMatrix addons , or Tor Browser . When using Orfox , restarting Orbot & Orfox will close your tunnels and cache .
The study estimates that less than 1 % of 15 year olds in England report only being bullied online regularly , while more than one in four ( 27 % ) experience only face-to-face bullying methods .
With nine out of 10 of the teenagers who are bullied online also facing regular traditional bullying , the researchers suggest that cyberbullying is an additional tactic in the bullies ' arsenal , and that both forms must be tackled together to prevent bullying and improve teenagers ' resilience .
Concerns have been raised that cyberbullying has the potential to cause more harm than traditional bullying due to the relative anonymity of perpetrators in many cases , larger audiences , increasing prevalence , and permanence of posted messages . However , in the study , experience of only cyberbullying was found to have a very small association with well-being and life satisfaction when compared with traditional bullying alone .
Cyberbullying involves repeated personal attacks using instant messaging , social media postings , emails , text messages and websites .
'Despite common perceptions and the growth of the online world for teenagers , our study finds that cyberbullying , on its own , is relatively rare , with face-to-face bullying remaining most common among teenagers , ' says lead author Dr Andrew Przybylski from Oxford University 's Oxford Internet Institute . 'Cyberbullying is best understood as a new avenue to victimise those already being bullied in traditional ways , rather than a way to pick on new victims . '
The study used confidential questionnaires to assess bullying and mental well-being over a two-month period in more than 110,000 15 year olds across England – representing a total of one in five 15 year olds in England .
The teenagers were asked to rate how often they faced certain types of bullying in the past two months , with at least two or three incidents a month being classified as regular bullying . These included being called mean names , made fun of , or teased in a hurtful way ; being left out of things on purpose , excluded from a group of friends , or completely ignored ; being hit , kicked , pushed , shoved , or locked indoors ; having lies or false rumours spread about them to make others dislike them ; being made fun of because of bodyweight ; facing sexual jokes , comments , or gestures ; being sent mean instant messages , social media postings , emails and text messages , or being the subject of a website that made fun of them ; and , having unflattering or inappropriate pictures taken and shared online without permission .
Nearly a third ( 30 % , 33363 teenagers ) of all teenagers in the study reported experiencing some form of regular bullying – including one in three ( 36 % ) girls and one in four ( 24 % ) boys .
Focussing on frequent bullying , the researchers found that one in four teenagers ( 27 % , 29302 teenagers ) reported facing traditional bullying only , less than 1 % ( 406 teenagers ) reported cyberbullying only , and 3 % ( 3655 teenagers ) were regularly bullied in both ways .
Combining the number of bullying incidents from teenagers who faced frequent online , traditional and both types of bullying , the most common forms were being called mean names or teased ( 12 % , 12740 teenagers ) and having lies or false rumours spread about them ( 9 % , 10305 teenagers ) . Physical bullying and cyberbullying were the least common ( 2 % , 2672 teenagers reported physical bullying ; 2 % , 2225 teenagers reported being sent mean online messages or websites ; and , 2 % , 2404 teenagers reported having pictures taken and shared online without permission ) .
Teenagers ' well-being and life satisfaction declined in line with how much they were bullied , and those who faced both types of bullying were five times more likely to report the lowest levels of well-being . However , the authors note that people with poor mental health or low levels of well-being may also be more at risk of being victimised .
Given these detrimental effects on teenage well-being , the researchers call for evidence-based methods to address both types of bullying .
'Bullying is a major public health problem , and our findings support the urgent need for interventions that target both forms of bullying in adolescence . Initiatives that help teenagers become resilient in everyday and online contexts will be important if we are to help them overcome the negative mental health impacts bullying may have , such as an increased risk of poor mental well-being and lower life satisfaction . ' says co-author Professor Lucy Bowes .
The authors note that their study does not include estimates on whether cyberbullying is becoming increasingly common . The study used self-reported data on bullying and mental well-being but did not include formal diagnoses of mental health problems , and did not include other forms of abuse or neglect . It controlled for gender , socioeconomic status and ethnicity due to their association with higher levels of bullying .
The full paper , 'Cyberbullying and adolescent well-being in England : a population-based cross-sectional study ' , can be read in The Lancet Child and Adolescent Health journal .
Font Size : A A A
Closer congressional supervision can prevent special interests from dominating the regulatory process .
Font Size : A A A
It is not every day that I have the opportunity to join with my colleagues Senator Sheldon Whitehouse ( D-R.I. ) and Senator Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) to advance the same cause . On paper , you might think that the three of us do not have much in common .
And yet , here we are—two progressive Democrats and one conservative Republican—speaking out on the same topic , because we are committed to the same mission : fighting regulatory capture in all of its forms . Our common ground on this issue is a testament to the emerging consensus among policymakers , scholars , and activists on both sides of the aisle and everywhere in between that regulatory capture is one of the most pressing political , economic , and moral issues of our time .
But too often—especially on Capitol Hill—this consensus breaks down along partisan lines . Members of both parties are guilty of railing against regulatory capture when it is politically convenient to do so , and then looking the other way when it is not . For veteran observers of Washington , this pattern of selective outrage may be predictable , but that does not make it productive .
As I see it , the only way to reduce regulatory capture is to end the conspiracy of acquiescence that has allowed it to flourish under Senates , Houses , and presidencies of every partisan combination . There is no legitimate reason why some regulatory agencies should fall under intense scrutiny for their cozy and collusive relationships with regulated industries and special interests , while others are given a pass .
To elaborate on this point , if we oppose regulatory capture within the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or within the Federal Reserve , we must also oppose it within the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Federal Communications Commission . Likewise , if we oppose regulatory capture when it leads to the selective under-enforcement of agency rules , we must also oppose it when it produces excessive regulations that distort the market to protect incumbents .
This is the approach that is recommended in the book , Preventing Regulatory Capture : Preventing Special Interest Influence and How to Limit It . In the introduction to their book , Professors Daniel Carpenter and David Moss provide a useful definition of the phenomenon that accounts for its variety and scope . As they put it , regulatory capture is “ the result or process by which regulation , in law or application , is consistently or repeatedly directed away from the public interest and toward the interests of the regulated industry , by the intent and action of the industry itself . ”
But private , for-profit companies are not the only ones engaging in regulatory capture . Carpenter and Moss are quick to point out that it is not just possible , but common , for special interests other than regulated industries to capture a regulatory agency . In fact , labor unions and non-profits—no less than wealthy corporations and Wall Street megabanks—are capable of , and interested in , capturing regulators in order to advance their narrow interests .
In other words , regulatory capture , properly understood , is a symptom of the perennial tension between the public interest and the cacophony of clashing private interests at the heart of our republic . James Madison , writing in The Federalist Papers , called the inevitable conflicts that arise from this tension “ the mischiefs of faction. ” They believed , along with the other Framers , that the American Constitution was uniquely equipped to limit the power and influence of special-interest factions . At the core of the Founders ' constitutional design are two basic principles .
First , the laws that govern a nation and direct its economy should be written by people who are elected by—and therefore are accountable to—the public . That is why Article I of the Constitution grants all federal legislative powers to Congress—the branch that the Framers expected to be the most accountable to the people . Today , as at the time of the Founding , special-interest factions , and the government privilege that they seek , thrive in obscurity , whereas it is much more difficult to undermine the public interest when policymaking and decision-making are both visible and accessible to the average voter .
Second , the powers of government should be separated , so that the people who write the laws are not the same as those who enforce the laws or adjudicate disputes regarding their meaning . When these powers are combined in a single entity , the incentives—and potential rewards—of regulatory capture increase dramatically .
Our constitutional system was set up to operate according to these two basic principles , but this is not how the federal government works today . Today , the vast majority of federal “ laws ” are not passed by the House and Senate and signed by the President ; they are written by unelected bureaucrats via a decision-making process that is opaque and highly technical—precisely the kind of venue that is susceptible to capture by concentrated interests . As creatures of the executive branch , these bureaucratic agencies also have the power to enforce the very rules and regulations they write . And in many cases , executive agencies wield a quasi-judicial power through administrative law courts .
Proponents of this combination of insularity and centralized power within executive agencies claim that these innovations on the Framers ' original design are necessary in order to protect against regulatory capture . But experience has shown the opposite to be true . Concentrating the powers of judge , jury , and executioner in a single governmental body made up of individuals who never stand for election makes an easy , high-value target for special-interest factions vying for access to the levers of power in pursuit of their own interests .
The point here is not to assign blame or impugn the motives of any of the parties involved in regulatory capture . I know first-hand that the men and women who run the executive-branch agencies—as well as those employed by the industries and special-interest groups affected by federal regulation—are hardworking , well-intentioned , well-educated , and highly-specialized . The vast majority of the time , the parties involved in regulatory capture are not corrupt , dishonest , or acting illegally .
But that is precisely the problem . The status-quo arrangement of incentives and power within the modern administrative state has made regulatory capture all but inevitable . The American Constitution was written by men who , as James Madison wrote in Federalist No . 10 , understood that “ [ t ] he latent causes of faction are . . . sown in the nature of man. ” So the Constitution establishes a system that divides government power and makes lawmakers dependent on the people , in order to make it as difficult as possible “ for the mischiefs of faction ” to systematically redirect the law away from the common good .
The modern administrative state flips this theory on its head , consolidates power , and assumes that good intentions will always overcome “ the latent causes of faction. ” This upending of our constitutional order was not accidental , and it did not happen overnight . Over the course of the 20th century , Congress steadily surrendered its constitutional powers and responsibilities to the executive branch . And , since that period , this trend has only accelerated .
One of the unintended—but indisputable—consequences of Congress recasting itself as the backseat driver of American government has been to move the bulk of lawmaking into the bureaucracy , where the opaque and highly technical decision-making process facilitates regulatory capture by concentrated interests . This shift not only has led to bad policy , but it has also inexorably spurred public distrust for our governing institutions . So it should come as no surprise that the movement against regulatory capture is gaining momentum at this particular moment in our nation 's history .
Indeed , if there is one undisputed fact about American politics today , it is that there is a deep and growing distrust between the American people and our political system in Washington . No matter where they live or which party they support , most Americans no longer believe that we have a federal government of , by , and for the people .
And in many cases they are right . Increasingly what we have today is a government of unelected officials with a degree of job security that would make tenured professors envious ; a government by well-connected market incumbents and fashionable special interests ; and a government for the benefit of political and economic elites .
Regulatory capture has played an important role in building today 's discredited status quo and insulating it from reform . So any effort to win back the trust of the American people—as both political parties will surely hope to do in the years ahead—must include an agenda to rein in the agencies and regulate the regulators .
The goal of our reforms can not be to target one regulatory body or another , while leaving untouched the dysfunction and culture of capture throughout the rest of the bureaucracy . We need to elevate principle over party and pursue structural reforms that make Congress once again responsible , both in the sense of discharging its constitutional duties and in terms of holding itself accountable to the people .
Two such reforms that I support are the Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny ( REINS ) Act and the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015 . Each in its own way would put regulatory agencies and the rules that they issue under closer congressional supervision—which is to say , they would make what is now a headless fourth branch of government accountable to the American people .
These are not partisan proposals . And there is no good reason why they can not achieve the support of both parties . Strengthening Congress so that policymaking is more transparent and accountable to the public is not a partisan project—it is about putting the federal government back to work for the American people .
This is a goal that I know Senator Whitehouse and Senator Warren share , even though we may not always agree on how to get there . And it is that common commitment to restoring a government of , by , and for the people that gives me hope for the future of this country and for the future of our collective fight against regulatory capture .
This essay is part of The Regulatory Review 's sixteen-part series , Rooting Out Regulatory Capture .
Looks like K-Mart is here to stay . On Tuesday , January 20th sources including RealGM reported that the Milwaukee Bucks and Kenyon Martin have agreed in principle to a contract keeping Martin with the team for the remainder of the 2014-15 season . This comes just one day after the team signing Martin to a second ten day contract on Monday , January 19th , which means that the contract can not become official until after the second ten days are up on January 29th .
Martin has not been very memorable in their first four games with the Bucks , making 3 of their 6 shots for 6 points and totaling just four rebounds . They have n't been terrible , but they have not had much of an impact either . This leaves one question for Bucks fans , was signing Kenyon Martin a good move by Bucks ' GM John Hammond ? It 's hard to come up with an absolute yes or no answer with this small of a sample size , so instead lets look at some pros and cons of Milwaukee acquiring Martin .
“ Transformers™ : The Ride-3D ” based on the iconic brand from Hasbro and electrifying film franchise directed by Michael Bay , celebrated its premiere at Universal Studios HollywoodSM , as The Entertainment Capital of L.A SM . heralded the arrival of the first-ever , highly inventive theme park ride inspired by Hasbro 's pop culture TRANSFORMERS phenomenon .
“ Transformers : The Ride-3D ” opens to the public on May 25 , just in time for the Memorial Day weekend . In anticipation of the excitement , Universal Studios Hollywood will be extending its park hours on Saturday , May 26 through Monday , May 28 , opening at 7:30 a.m. for early access to “ Transformers : The Ride-3D ” and the world-famous Studio Tour .
The high-profile premiere was attended by Universal Studios President and COO , Ron Meyer ; Universal Studios Hollywood President , Larry Kurzweil ; Universal Parks & Resort Chairman , Tom Williams , and NBCUniversal Chief Executive Officer , Steve Burke . Also in attendance were Oscar®-winning filmmaker Steven Spielberg , “ TRANSFORMERS ” film star Glenn Morshower , who appears in the ride , Frank Welker , who voices the ride 's MEGATRON character and Peter Cullen , who voices the ride 's OPTIMUS PRIME character .
As Universal Studios Hollywood 's most ambitious ride ever , “ Transformers : The Ride-3D ” fuses original 3D-HD media , elaborate flight simulation technology and cutting edge special effects with spectacular action sequences and an inventive storyline to immerse guests in the action-packed world of TRANSFORMERS .
A technological achievement , this pulse-pounding breakthrough thrill-ride propels guests along 2,000 feet of ride track , where they are surrounded by 14 gigantic screens , many fully engulfing them at heights of 60 feet .
Helmed by a roster of Hollywood heavyweights , this monumental tour de force was a collaboration between , creative consultant and filmmaker Michael Bay , the Oscar-winning technical luminaries at Industrial Light & Magic , the TRANSFORMERS brand flight attendants at Hasbro , Inc. and the award-winning , progressive and inspired minds at Universal Creative .
In the “ TRANSFORMERS ” movies , Earth 's humans are caught in the middle of an intergalactic war between alien robots , the heroic AUTOBOTS and the evil DECEPTICONS , that physically convert from common mechanical devices , such as cars , trucks and planes to robotic warriors .
Larry Kurzweil , President , Universal Studios Hollywood , said : “ TRANSFORMERS represents a perfect match for our theme park : an exhilarating blockbuster , non-stop action and astonishing special effects . It has all the elements to become one of the world 's most dynamic theme park thrill rides and a centerpiece attraction at Universal Studios Hollywood . ”
Mark Woodbury , President , Universal Creative , said : “ We 've pushed the boundaries of 3D , hyperrealism and immersive visual effects to transport our guests , physically and viscerally , into the world of TRANSFORMERS . Our collaboration with the immensely talented director Michael Bay as the ride 's Creative Consultant has been extraordinary . With their blockbuster film making capabilities , Universal Studios Hollywood has created an original TRANSFORMERS story that taps into the real heart of these bigger-than-life characters and delivers an epic ride experience of a lifetime that will thrill guests from around the world . ”
“ Transformers : The Ride–3D ” was created under a license agreement from Hasbro , Inc. to Universal Parks & Resorts .
Universal Studios Hollywood , The Entertainment Capital of L.A. , includes a full-day , movie-based theme park and Studio Tour ; the CityWalk entertainment , shopping and dining complex , the Universal CityWalk Cinemas , the “ 5 Towers ” state-of-the-art outdoor concert venue , and the Gibson Amphitheatre concert and special event arena . World-class rides and attractions include the intense , award-winning ride , “ King Kong 360 3-D ” on the famed behind-the-scenes Studio Tour , “ The Simpsons RideTM , ” “ Revenge of the MummySM —The Ride ” indoor roller coaster and “ Jurassic Park® —The Ride , ” as well as the new thrill ride , mega-attraction , “ Transformers™ : The Ride—3D . ”
Universal Studios Hollywood is a unit of the Universal Parks & Resorts division of NBCUniversal . NBCUniversal is one of the world 's leading media and entertainment companies in the development , production , and marketing of entertainment , news , and information to a global audience . NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks , a premier motion picture company , significant television production operations , a leading television stations group , and world-renowned theme parks . Comcast Corporation owns a controlling 51 % interest in NBCUniversal , with GE holding a 49 % stake .
Hasbro , Inc. ( NASDAQ : HAS ) is a branded play company providing children and families around the world with a wide-range of immersive entertainment offerings based on the Company 's world class brand portfolio . From toys and games , to television programming , motion pictures , digital gaming and a comprehensive licensing program , Hasbro strives to delight its global customers with well-known and beloved brands such as TRANSFORMERS , The LITTLEST PET SHOP , NERF , PLAYSKOOL , MY LITTLE PONY , G.I . JOE , MAGIC : THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY . The Company 's Hasbro Studios develops and produces television programming for markets around the world . The Hub TV Network is part of a multi-platform joint venture between Hasbro and Discovery Communications ( NASDAQ : DISCA , DISCB , DISCK ) , in the U.S . Through the company 's deep commitment to corporate social responsibility , including philanthropy , Hasbro is helping to build a safe and sustainable world for future generations and to positively impact the lives of millions of children and families every year . It has been recognized for its efforts by being named one of the “ World 's Most Ethical Companies ” and is ranked as one of Corporate Responsibility Magazine 's “ 100 Best Corporate Citizens. ” Learn more at www.hasbro.com . © 2012 Hasbro , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
March 3 , 2016 , 4:30 PM GMT / Updated March 3 , 2016 , 4:48 PM GMT / Source : TODAY Contributor By Terri Peters
One of the youngest supporters of presidential candidate Bernie Sanders died last week from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome , according to social media posts by the infant 's mother .
Oliver Jack Carter Lomas-Davis , known on social media as the 'Bernie Baby , ' made followers smile as their mother dressed them up as Sanders and took them to rallies to support the senator .
A photo of Oliver meeting Sanders at a Las Vegas rally a few weeks ago showed the Vermont presidential hopeful smiling as they greeted their tiny impersonator .
`` Oliver Jack Carter Lomas ... I love you dearly , I love you most . I love you with all my heart and soul . I know that God will keep you near since God and truth are here , '' Souxsie Lomas wrote in a touching Facebook post about their son 's death .
The little boy reportedly passed away on Feb. 25 .
According to a GoFundMe site started by Oliver 's aunt , Oliver was just four months old when they died .
Online posts indicate that funeral services will be held next week in the family 's home state of California .
I respect what Barnes & Noble is doing with this multi-reader ebook strategy , and I 'm glad Samsung 's finally been brought in from the cold , into the warm presence of a real ebook collection , but $ 300 for this thing ? Really ? UPDATED
Advertisement
A six-inch-screened device with a sliding keypad , the Samsung E6 's biggest draw is probably its stylus , which allows for full , paper-style annotation and notetaking . But the dual-display Nook , which itself is considered one of the pricier e-readers , costs less , and has 3G—a price and feature gap that 'll stare every potential E4 buyer right in the face . UPDATED : The price is actually $ 300 ; dropped from the original official price of $ 400 . And :
Barnes & Noble will provide the eCommerce storefront for Samsung 's device . Samsung 's customers will have access to Barnes & Noble 's eBookstore . There was no announcement that noted Barnes & Noble retail distribution .
The Samsung E6 will arrive , awkwardly , in Spring . [ MarketWatch ]
How do dolphins SLEEP ? How much do dolphins eat ?
How smart are dolphins ? And , lots of other interesting facts ...
How do dolphins sleep ?
Dolphins have to be conscious to breath . [ 1 ] This means that they can not go into a full deep sleep , because then they would suffocate . Dolphins have `` solved '' that by letting one half of their brain sleep at a time . This has been determined by doing EEG studies on dolphins . Dolphins sleep about 8 hours day in this fashion .
A dolphin 's behavior when sleeping/resting depends on the circumstances and possibly on individual preferences . They can either :
1. swim slowly and surface every now and then for a breath
2. rest at the surface with their blowhole exposed
3. rest on the bottom ( in shallow water ) and rise to the surface every now and then to breath . [ 2 ]
How smart are dolphins ?
The short answer to this is that we do not know . There is no reliable method to measure intelligence in humans across cultures , so it is not surprising that comparing humans , dolphins , apes , dogs , etc . is impossible . There are some indications of their potential : they are fast learners and can generalize ( which is also true of pigs ) . Also they can learn to understand complicated language-like commands ( which is also true of the great apes ) .
How much do dolphins eat ?
Bottlenose dolphins eat several kinds of fish ( including mullet , mackerel , herring , cod ) and squid . The compostion of the diet depends very much on what is available in the area they live in and also on the season . The amount of fish they eat depends on the fish species they are feeding on : mackerel and herring have a very high fat content and consequently have a high caloric value , whereas squid has a very low caloric value , so to get the same energy intake ( calories ) they will need to eat much more if they feed on squid than if they feed on mackerel or herring . On average an adult dolphin will eat 4-9 % of its body weight in fish , so a 250 kg ( 550 lb ) dolphin will eat 10-22.5 kg ( 22-50 lb ) fish per day .
How long do dolphins live ?
The maximum age for bottlenose dolphins is between 40 and 50 years . The average age a dolphin can get ( the life expectancy ) can be calculated from the ASR Annual Survival Rate ( the percentage of animals alive at a certain point , that is still alive one year later ) . For the dolphin population in Sarasota Bay , the ASR has been measured to be about 0.961 . This yields a life expectancy of about 25 years . For the population in the Indian/Banana River area , the ASR is between 0.908 and 0.931 . This yields a life expectance between 10.3 and 14 years . So the actual life expectancy differs per region . [ 3 ]
more ( part 2 ) ...
Adapted from Dolphin FAQ maintained by Jaap van der Toorn ( jaap @ compuserve.com )
sources :
[ 1 ] Williams et al , 1990
[ 2 ] S.H Ridgway ( 1990 ) The Central Nervous System of the Bottlenose Dolphin , in S. Leatherwood and R.R . Reeves : The Bottlenose Dolphin , pp . 69-97 , Academic Press
[ 2 ] Th.D . Williams , A.L . Williams and M. Stoskopf ( 1990 ) Marine Mammal Anesthesia . In : L.A. Dierauf ( ed . ) : Handbook of Marine Mammal Medicine : Health , Disease and Rehabilitation , pp . 175-191 CRC Press , Boca Raton
[ 3 ] R.S . Wells and M.D . Scott ( 1990 ) Estimating bottlenose dolphin population parameters from individual identification and capture-release techniques . Report International Whaling Commission ( Special Issue 12 ) : 407-415
Gather 'round people . There 's a change in the second Android N Dev Preview and it will rock your whole world upside down . Oh who am I kidding , we spotted it and we know you guys like these teeny tiny tin-tastic changes in Android , even if they mean nothing to the way you use your device , so we 're sharing it with you . Prepare to be underwhelmed .
If you decide to use the new 'Clear All ' option in Preview 2 or if you manually clear out all your app instances from the Recents screen , instead of the lifeless `` Your recent screens appear here , '' you 'll see a graphic icon of recent apps with `` No recent items '' beneath it . Here are the old empty Recents screen ( left ) and new one ( right ) side by side .
Yes , that 's all . Go on , close this post , I know you want to go back to comparing every single new emoji . I understand .
By Leo Babauta
Reader Kamal posted a great question in response to my call for topic suggestions :
“ I think discipline would be a good topic , as much of what you talk about requires a certain amount of it . The Army was good for teaching me discipline , but I realized that in the end , it comes from within . But still , like most things , it is a habit that one can work on over time . Would love to hear your thoughts and experience on the subject . ”
Let me start with the conclusion first : if you think you do n't have discipline , you do n't need it . What you need is to commit to your goal or habit and fully motivate yourself . Read on for more .
I think that most of us believe that discipline is something you either have or do n't have — some believe you are born with it , and some , like Kamal , believe it is something you can develop as a habit . But what exactly is it we 're talking about when we say the word “ discipline ” ?
If I wake up early every morning to run , do I have discipline ? Most people would say that I do . But , as someone who regularly wakes up early , and who runs frequently ( not every day ) , I can testify that I for one do not have discipline . I am anything but disciplined , and never have been .
So how do I explain my ability to wake up early , and to run on a regular basis ? Simple : I have adequate and varied motivation . I get up every morning , not out of discipline , but because I really want to — and have tricked myself into doing it . I get out the door and go for a run not because I 'm super disciplined , but because I really want to .
Let 's take the example of someone in the military — the typical example of someone with discipline . Let 's say Sgt . Lamar is a tough Army man . They wake up very early every day , goes through a strict morning routine , runs and does their pushups and situps , eats a moderate diet and keeps their clothes and living area spotless . He 's the epitome of discipline .
But I say they have motivation instead . Review the Top 20 Motivation Hacks for some of the reasons why :
Sgt . Lamar has signed up for the Army and all that that entails . They are a full-time military man , and everyone they know is aware of this . They have fully committed themselves to living a life of discipline , meaning he 's fully committed to all the habits of the Army : waking early , exercise , cleanliness , orderliness , etc . That 's the No . 2 of the Top 20 Hacks .
themselves to living a life of discipline , meaning he 's to all the habits of the Army : waking early , exercise , cleanliness , orderliness , etc . That 's the No . 2 of the Top 20 Hacks . He 's in the middle of a mutually supportive competition . There is competition among their fellow officers about who has more discipline ( wakes earlier , runs more , etc . ) — Hack No . 3 .
. There is competition among their fellow officers about who has more discipline ( wakes earlier , runs more , etc . ) — Hack No . 3 . Sgt . Lamar has powerful reasons ( Hack No . 8 ) to keep those habits going — to keep up their reputation in the Army , to promote their advancement in the organization , to set an example for those under him .
( Hack No . 8 ) to keep those habits going — to keep up their reputation in the Army , to promote their advancement in the organization , to set an example for those under him . There are many more , but let me quickly point out others : there 's a system of accountability , public pressure , others above them who they must report to , rewards for sticking to the habits , the pleasure of accomplishing their goals and habits , workout buddies , visualization of their goals ( even if they do n't realize it , Sgt . Lamar has a picture of what an Army man should be , and keeps that in their head each day ) . And then there 's positive thinking ( Hack No . 1 ) — Sgt . Lamar does n't allow themselves to think negatively , or to tell themselves they ca n't do it . They have no choice . If they do start thinking negative thoughts , they will soon be former Sgt . Lamar .
If you removed all of these motivations — the public pressure , the rewards , the positive thinking , the powerful reasons , the accountability , the full commitment , the mutually supportive competition — I believe that Sgt . Lamar would have no discipline .
Now , some people will think , “ But Sgt . Lamar was disciplined even after they were in the Army . He 's still the most disciplined person I know , as a former military man. ” That may be true ( it 's not true in every case ) , but I would argue that they have maintained their habits from many of the same motivations — they are still committed , to everyone they know , to being a disciplined former military man , and they have this public reputation to maintain . They probably also still finds pleasure in being an early riser , in exercising and staying fit , in looking clean and being orderly . I also argue that those who do not have those same motivations are those who are former military men who are n't disciplined — and we all know just as many of this type as the former .
So how can you be “ disciplined ” about your habits ? Get the right motivation ( See the Top 20- Motivation Hacks for more ) . Here are a few tips :
Smoke rises after an Israeli air strike in Gaza city on 15 November 2012 . Momen Faiz APA images
An Israeli minister has called for the army to bomb Gaza until the population flees en masse into Egypt 's Sinai peninsula , and for water and electricity supplies to be cut , a clear case of incitement to war crimes .
Israel Katz , Israel 's transport minister , was quoted on the Orthodox website B'Hadrei Haredim on 11 November :
Israel must act in Gaza with a very clear policy . The leadership of the Hamas , which is responsible for all the attacks and shooting , must be eliminated . Beyond that , we must detach from Gaza in a civilian manner – electricity , water , food , and fuel – and transition into a policy of deterrence , just like in Southern Lebanon. ” Why do n't they shoot at us from Southern Lebanon and do from Gaza ? Because there is no clear boundary with Gaza . Because the civilian link with Gaza is unreasonable . Gaza should be considered a border , and every time we are hurt , hurt back [ retaliate ] . When I see Palestinian citizens escaping into Sinai , the way Lebanese citizens escape toward Beirut when there is a round of fire against Israel – we will then know that the deterrence has been achieved . ”
Calling for war crimes
Katz , a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud Party , appears to be inciting war crimes of the kind Israel committed in Lebanon and previously in Gaza .
In July 2006 , hundreds of thousands of civilians in Lebanon fled their homes to escape an indiscriminate Israeli onslaught that left 1,200 people , mostly civilians , dead , and the country 's infrastructure devastated .
Israel 's bombardment of the civilian areas came to be known as the “ Dahiya doctrine ” after the southern suburb of Beirut that was leveled by Israeli attacks .
According to the UN-commissioned Goldstone Report , Israel applied the “ Dahiya doctrine ” again during its 2008-2009 attack on Gaza . The report said on page 23 :
The tactics used by Israeli military armed forces in the Gaza offensive are consistent with previous practices , most recently during the Lebanon war in 2006 . A concept known as the Dahiya doctrine emerged then , involving the application of disproportionate force and the causing of great damage and destruction to civilian property and infrastructure , and suffering to civilian populations .
The Goldstone report noted that Israeli officials had explicitly articulated the goals and methods of this strategy .
Such use of indiscriminate and “ disrproportionate ” force ( there is no such thing as proportionate force against civilians ) , calculated to destroy civilian infrastructure and cause suffering , amounts to a war crime .
Now , just as in those previous cases , Israeli ministers are not shy about publicly stating their criminal intent , confident of the international impunity and complicity that has so far protected them from accountability .
Israel 's current assault , which it began by breaking a truce with Palestinian resistance factions in Gaza , has claimed at least 22 Palestinian lives in recent days , with dozens of injuries .
Sixteen Palestinians have been killed since 14 November , the latest a 10-month old baby named Hanin Tafish . Yesterday , Israeli bombardment killed 11-month-old Omar Masharawi , the son of a BBC staffer in Gaza .
Three Israelis were killed this morning in retaliatory rocket fire from Gaza .
With thanks to Dena Shunra for spotting and translation .
Wellington will need to find space for a lot more residents if predictions of the city 's population doubling over the next 30 years come to pass .
Wellington 's next city council will have a job on its hands to keep houses affordable and stop the city from bursting at the seams , with predictions its population could nearly double over the next 30 years .
Council chief executive Kevin Lavery has suggested in a pre-election report that the council 's current prediction of an extra 50,000 people living in the capital by 2043 may have been grossly underestimated .
The past 15 years have seen Wellington 's population jump from 169,000 to 203,000 . If that trend continued , an extra 90,000 people would put down roots over the next three decades , Lavery wrote .
ROSS GIBLIN/ FAIRFAX NZ Wellington City Council chief executive Kevin Lavery says the city 's expected population boom will be a challenging for the new council after October 's election .
But they warned the real number could be higher still if last year was anything to go by , when population growth spiked at 2 per cent .
READ MORE :
* Property investors keen on Porirua 's Cannon 's Creek
* Lifestyle blocks on a par with Wellington house prices
* House values going up $ 3000 a week
* Suburban housing plan 'favours wealthy ' areas
* Urban development agency get green light from council
`` If that kind of growth is sustained for a long period of time , the city would grow by over 160,000 people over the next 30 years . All this growth means that there is greater demand for housing . ''
MAARTEN HOLL/ FAIRFAX NZ Wellington 's suburbs may need to endure some level of housing intensification in order to cope with the expected population surge .
The average house price in Wellington has already increased about 7.5 per cent over the past year to sit at $ 560,000 .
Wellington 's physical boundaries do not look like growing . On Friday , the Local Government Commission announced it had ditched all work on merging the capital with other parts of the region , such as Porirua .
Lavery said the 15 people who find themselves sitting around the Wellington City Council table after October 's election will have some big decisions to make on the supply , quality and diversity of housing in the capital .
MAARTEN HOLL/FAIRFAX NZ Wellington Mayor Celia Wade-Brown says they would prefer to see housing intensification focused on the CBD and Te Aro rather than the capital 's outer suburbs .
Gollins Commercial principal Chris Gollins​ , who is marketing the 386-hectare Plimmerton Farm subdivision north of Porirua , said fitting an extra 100,000 people into Wellington would be achievable , provided the city grew upwards as well as outwards .
`` Most big cities around the world disposed of single houses years ago ... people who want to live in a single house will have to accept they 'll need to live a bit further out [ of cities ] . ''
They believed greenfield land north of Wellington at Lincolnshire Farm , Takapu Valley and Ohariu Valley would give the capital some room to move . But accessing other greenfield areas would not be cheap , from a development perspective .
SUPPLIED Wellington City Council 's chief city planner David Chick says housing intensification done the right way , coupled with sorting out the capital 's transport issues , will allow it to accommodate more residents .
`` There 's a lot of land around the city , but there are questions about the economics of getting to it . ''
David Chick , the council 's chief city planner , said the odds of the city 's population almost doubling over the next 30 years were pretty long , given last year 's population spike was probably just that .
They acknowledged Wellington had its challenges when it came to housing supply , such as being constrained by its geography and a shortage of potential greenfield developments .
BUILDING COMMUNITIES
But they were confident Wellington could find room for a lot more residents through housing intensification in the CBD and Te Aro , as well as suburbs where the town centre and transport links could accommodate it .
The danger was that developers would concentrate more on packing people in than on good design . `` We 're not out to generate developments and profit margins for developers . We 're building communities . ''
Wellington Mayor Celia Wade-Brown said they believed their council had done plenty during their six years in charge to set the city up for a population boom .
It had signed off on a number of special housing areas with the Government , and was actively consulting communities in several suburbs on potential medium-density housing rules .
Establishing an Urban Development Agency this year would also help increase the city 's housing stock and keep prices in check , they said . The agency will be able to buy and assemble land parcels , and partner with developers .
`` When our average house price is $ 560,000 and the Government considers $ 600,000 to be affordable in Auckland , then I think our city is looking pretty good . ''
In New York , 59 people were arrested in the State Capitol in Albany at a protest calling for economic and social justice . As lawmakers debated the state budget , the protesters staged a sit-in and blocked the entrance to Governor Andrew Cuomo 's office . Their demands include closing the gulf between rich and poor .
Rev . Frances Rosenau : “ Because a budget is a moral document , it has implications for people across the state , young and old , rich and poor . And because these decisions about the budget are so crucial , they have moral implications . And so we join with people of faith and people of no faith who call for morality in our leadership as a state . ”
Julia Boyd : “ So far , our 1 percent governor has done absolutely nothing , and we 're sick and tired . So we 're here today , and I 'm the oldest one here , to let them know we ai n't gon na take it no more . ”
That was Julia Boyd , age 77 , and , before that , Reverend Frances Rosenau . Special thanks to Democracy Now ! fellow Messiah Rhodes for that report .
Barcelona has had its fill of tourists .
After decades of promoting itself as a top tourist destination following the success of the 1992 Olympic Games , Spain 's second-biggest city — and one of Europe 's most popular tourist hubs — is cracking down on visitors .
Two months ago , city council approved a ban on all new hotels , hostels and tourist apartments in the city centre .
It expects to go even further today with the Strategic Tourism Plan , which will regulate all aspects of tourism , from working conditions in the sector to the way tourists use public space .
Tourists take a break on the steps in front of the Barcelona Cathedral on March 29 , 2017 . ( Cristina Roca )
The problem , in a nutshell , is that the 30 million people who visit Barcelona each year have become too much of a good thing for its 1.6 million residents .
The city 's left-wing government wants to avoid the fate of Venice — which many see as theme park by day , ghost town by night .
`` We need to control [ tourism ] , otherwise we 'd end up having a city with just tourist apartments and deserted neighbourhoods , '' says Agusti Colom , chief of tourism for the municipal government .
`` Barcelona could die of success . ''
Balancing act
But trying to scale back tourism without sacrificing its benefits is a tricky balancing act .
The Strategic Tourism Plan to be presented today reflects that dilemma . The plan trumpets principles that appeal to everyone , like sustainability and quality . But its concrete measures have raised a storm of controversy .
Measures in the pipeline include hiking taxes on tourist apartments by classifying them as businesses rather than residential properties — to the annoyance of owners , who complain they are unfairly targeted .
`` Tourist apartments are the most heavily taxed type of accommodation in the city , '' says Enrique Alcantara , president of the Tourist Apartment Association Apartur .
`` We are paying more taxes than four-star hotels . ''
Signs protesting the effects of mass tourism , such as this one saying : 'We want a decent neighbourhood , ' hang on many balconies in Barcelona 's central neighbourhoods . ( Cristina Roca )
Another measure aims to raise costs for day-trippers with a massive fee hike — from 4.5 euros to 34 euros — for each tourist bus that parks at the foot of Montjuic , the castle-topped hill that overlooks the city and the port .
Some measures are already being rolled out . One neighbourhood has repurposed curbside parking , moving restaurant terraces off busy sidewalks and onto platforms installed on parking spots .
Segways and electric bikes , which pose a danger in the old town 's narrow streets , have also been restricted .
Improving mobility on constantly busy streets is an important element of the plan .
`` In the latest polls , 58 per cent of tourists said that they found some spaces in the city very overcrowded . [ For residents , overcrowding ] is the second biggest problem for the entire city , '' says Colom .
Freeze on tourist beds
The latest clampdown comes two months after Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau spearheaded a plan that freezes the total number of tourist accommodation spots at 158,384 and seeks to gradually redistribute them away from the city centre .
Hospitality trade unions and tourist apartment owners are fuming .
Barcelona 's landmark square of Placa Catalunya is one of the main dropoff points for tourist buses , airport shuttles and trains coming in from the outskirts of the city . ( Cristina Roca )
Manel Casals , president of the hotel guild , feels the plan unfairly targets their sector .
`` It demonizes hotels , '' they say .
They feel that legal tourist accommodation is being penalized , while what they consider the real culprit — about 6,000 unlicensed tourist apartments — get away without paying taxes .
Colau is doing battle against accommodation sharing services like Airbnb , which list the unlicensed apartments .
In January , they committed to doubling the number of inspectors who track down illegal rentals , but it 's turned out to be an uphill battle .
Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau is doing battle against accommodation sharing services like Airbnb , which list unlicensed apartments . ( Manu Fernandez/Associated Press )
Airbnb is refusing to pay the $ 650,000 US fine that Barcelona slapped on it last year , and finding and then shutting down illegal apartments one by one is a lengthy , inefficient process .
Colau seems undeterred by the pushback .
`` Tourism is a positive asset for the city , but it was imbalanced and it 's directly impacting the right to housing , '' they told Catalunya Radio last November .
City priority
Them promise to rein in tourism and focus on locals helped them win the 2015 municipal election and these goals remain a priority for their government .
They have lots of support . Angry residents argue that mass tourism seriously affects their quality of life .
Barbara Nicolau , who lives in the popular El Born neighbourhood , says that in just three years , their building went from having four residential apartments to just their own : the rest are now holiday rentals .
The Rambla , Barcelona 's busiest tourist street , runs from Placa Catalunya to the seafront and is lined with souvenir stalls , portrait painters and street artists . ( Cristina Roca )
`` Our neighbourhood has changed from A to Z in a very intense way . Now they 're building a hotel … and you can see that our landlord will soon say : 'Well , I can get more for this apartment , so … clear out ' . ' ''
They are urging the government to be even more aggressive or `` this will eat us up . ''
In the historic Gothic district , 27 per cent of all housing is being used as tourist accommodation and rents have shot up by 25 per cent since 2014 , official city statistics show .
They also reveal that the number of residents in the area has fallen by almost one-half in the past decade .
On Jan. 28 , the day after the plan was passed , a demonstration against mass tourism brought together more than 60 local groups — mostly neighbourhood assemblies — on La Rambla , the city 's busiest tourist street .
Local shops disappear
A group of children held a banner that read : `` I want to grow up and play in the Barceloneta '' — something that has become more difficult as the old fishermen 's neighbourhood has become a tourist mecca .
Local shops that have been serving residents for a lifetime have been forced to make way for pricey , tourist-oriented emporiums , says Agustin Cócola , a Cardiff University geographer studying the effects of tourism in Barcelona .
A group of children takes part in the demonstration against mass tourism in Barcelona , drawing attention to the difficulty they now have playing in their old fishermen 's neighbourhood that has become a tourist mecca . ( Cristina Roca )
Nicolau lives on a street where there used to be lots of these family-run shops .
`` Every year , as the summer months approach , 10 or 12 commerces fall and another type of businesses open , and these are for tourists , '' they say .
Although the new strategic plan aims to regulate tourism more tightly , activists doubt it 's radical enough to reverse the trend of the past two decades .
They say powerful hotel lobbies have the upper hand , benefiting from tourism at the expense of broader society , which pays for the true cost of tourism .
Protesters holding signs saying 'Barcelona is not for sale ' took their demonstration to the city 's busiest tourist street on Jan. 28 . ( Cristina Roca )
Tourism creates an estimated 14 per cent of jobs in Barcelona , according to a 2016 official city report .
But much of that work pays minimum wage or less — meaning workers do n't pay tax . Many of the jobs are also seasonal , says Cócola .
'Destroy their bodies '
Hotel room cleaners often work full-time for the equivalent of $ 650 US a month – half what the law says they are entitled to for that job , which is around $ 1,300 US .
The cleaners `` destroy their bodies '' and `` self-medicate '' with painkillers to earn a living , says Isabel Cruz , representative of the Kellys cleaners ' association .
Colom , the tourism councillor , acknowledges that `` the employment we are generating does not allow for adequate living standards . ''
Most shops in the Gothic neighbourhood target tourists , at the expense of local-oriented commerce . ( Cristina Roca )
They say the strategic plan will tackle this problem by setting a high bar for sustainability and fair employment standards .
The dilemma is that whatever problems the tourist hordes bring , no one wants to kill the golden goose .
At the end of the day , the business community knows that if the city becomes oversaturated and homogeneous , it could lose the charm that drew visitors in the first place , says Colom .
Maintaining a balance is in everyone 's interest , they say . But agreeing on how to do that is proving to be easier said than done .
NCAA Found To Violate Antitrust Laws In Preventing Schools From Sharing Licensing Revenue With Student Athletes
from the antitrust dept
Dr. Noll 's opinions are consistent with the opinions of the NCAA 's own economic expert , Dr. Daniel Rubinfeld , who testified that the NCAA operates as a “ joint venture which imposes restraints ” on trade .... Dr. Rubinfeld specifically acknowledged that “ the NCAA does impose a restraint , the restraint we have been discussing in this case. ” Id . 2921:8-:9 . Although they opined that this restraint was lawful because it serves procompetitive purposes , they never denied that the NCAA restricts competition among its members for recruits . In fact , their own economics textbook specifically refers to the NCAA as a “ cartel , ” which they defined during their testimony as “ a group of firms that impose a restraint. ” ... Although the NCAA 's other economic expert , Dr. Lauren Stiroh , testified that the NCAA does not restrain competition in any market , their opinions were based on the theory that anticompetitive effects can not arise unless consumers in a “ downstream market ” are harmed .... In this case , those consumers would be people who watch or attend college football and basketball games or purchase goods using the names , images , and likenesses of student-athletes . The Court rejects Dr. Stiroh 's theory that Plaintiffs can not show any anticompetitive effects caused by the alleged restraint without demonstrating some harm to these consumers . The evidence cited above demonstrates that student-athletes themselves are harmed by the price-fixing agreement among FBS football and Division I basketball schools . In the complex exchange represented by a recruit 's decision to attend and play for a particular school , the school provides tuition , room and board , fees , and book expenses , often at little or no cost to the school . The recruit provides their athletic performance and the use of their name , image , and likeness . However , the schools agree to value the latter at zero by agreeing not to compete with each other to credit any other value to the recruit in the exchange . This is an anticompetitive effect . Thus , the Court finds that the NCAA has the power -- and exercises that power -- to fix prices and restrain competition in the college education market that Plaintiffs have identified .
The Court finds that the NCAA 's current restrictions on student-athlete compensation , which cap athletics-based financial aid below the cost of attendance , are not justified by the definition of amateurism set forth in its current bylaws .
Other historical evidence suggests that the NCAA 's restrictions on student-athlete compensation have not contributed significantly to the popularity of FBS football and Division I basketball . The NCAA 's former president , the late Walter Byers , testified during their 2007 deposition , for instance , that the NCAA 's decision to remove incidental expenses from the grant-in-aid coverage in 1975 was not motivated by a desire to increase consumer demand for its product .... In fact , they specifically noted that NCAA sports experienced a tremendous growth in popularity during the period between 1956 and 1975 when grants-in-aid still covered the full cost of attendance .
Because FBS football and Division I basketball schools are the only suppliers in the relevant market , they have the power , when acting in concert through the NCAA and its conferences , to fix the price of their product . They have chosen to exercise this power by forming an agreement to charge every recruit the same price for the bundle of educational and athletic opportunities that they offer : to wit , the recruit 's athletic services along with the use of their name , image , and likeness while they are in school . If any school seeks to lower this fixed price -- by offering any recruit a cash rebate , deferred payment , or other form of direct compensation -- that school may be subject to sanctions by the NCAA .
This price-fixing agreement constitutes a restraint of trade . The evidence presented at trial makes clear that , in the absence of this agreement , certain schools would compete for recruits by offering them a lower price for the opportunity to play FBS football or Division I basketball while they attend college . Indeed , the NCAA 's own expert , Dr. Rubinfeld , acknowledged that the NCAA operates as a cartel that imposes a restraint on trade in this market .
Nevertheless , Plaintiffs have not identified any injury to competition within this submarket . Just as in the live telecasting submarket , the ultimate buyers in this submarket -- videogame developers -- would need to acquire group licenses from a specific set of teams in order to create their product . This set might include all of the teams within Division I , all of the teams within the major conferences , or some other set of teams that the videogame developer believed would be necessary to produce a marketable product . Regardless of which teams were included within that set , those teams would not compete against each other as sellers of group licenses , even in the absence of the challenged rules , because they would all share an interest in ensuring that the videogame developer acquired each of the group licenses required to create its product . These teams would also not compete against any teams outside of the set because the videogame developer determined that those other teams ' group licenses were not required to produce the videogame . Indeed , competition between teams ( or conferences ) is even less likely in the videogame submarket than the live telecasting submarket because videogame developers -- unlike television networks -- are not constrained by the number of group licenses that they could use to produce their product . The evidence presented at trial demonstrates that videogame companies could , and often did , feature nearly every FBS football and Division I basketball team in their videogames . Under these circumstances , competition among individual teams and conferences to sell group licenses is extremely unlikely . And , to the extent that it happens ( or would happen ) , it is not restrained by the challenged NCAA restrictions on student-athlete compensation . Thus , just as with the live telecasting submarket , the challenged rules do not suppress competition in this submarket .
It 's long been recognized that the NCAA sports setup is a bit of a scam , in which `` student '' athletes make various colleges a ridiculous amount of money -- none of which actually makes it to the athletes themselves . In many cases , these are barely actually `` students '' at all . And while some of the athletes may later cash in by going pro , many do not . A few years ago , we wrote about a class action lawsuit brought by basketball player Ed O'Bannon over the fact that their likeness was appearing in an EA video game , and that the NCAA had basically violated antitrust laws in effectively forcing them ( and all NCAA athletes ) to sign away all such rights for no compensation . The case has gone back and forth over the years , but on Friday Judge Claudia Wilken sided strongly with the players , finding the NCAA had clearly violated antitrust laws.The NCAA was done in by a variety of factors , but it appears that its own economic expert did not help matters . While they argued that the NCAA 's activities were `` legal '' they also more or less helped make the case that they were violating antitrust laws : The court goes further , in noting that the NCAA 's restrictions on student athlete compensation are n't justified , going through the long history of how the NCAA 's views have changed over time : The court also completely rejects the claims by the NCAA that it 's popularity is based on the fact that athletes are n't compensated.In the end , it becomes clear that the NCAA is acting in a manner that pretty clearly violates antitrust law : The court rejects the idea that free tuition is a reasonable exchange , noting that the licensing rights the student athletes give up is clearly worth much , much more.While the court does find antitrust problems , it 's interesting to note thatfind harm done to the video game licensing market . After saying that such a market would likely exist without the NCAA 's rules , that does n't mean there 's anti-competitive harm : Either way , the NCAA is going to appeal this decision -- but if it stands , it will likely have a pretty big impact on the nature of college sports going forward , changing the ways in which student athletes are compensated in general . The NCAA is ordered to allow colleges to offer to share licensing revenue with students ( and refuses to have the ruling stayed , though it does n't go into effect just yet anyway -- and it 's possible that the appeals court would grant a stay also ) .
Filed Under : antitrust , college sports , ed o'bannon , licensing
Companies : ncaa
A dark , striking and original interactive tale arrives in Europe and beyond
Greetings from Canada , PS Vita fans ! This is O'Neill , creator of Actual Sunlight : A short interactive story about love , depression , and the corporation .
After receiving a warm reception in the Americas , I 'm excited to announce that the game will be releasing in English-language stores throughout SCEE on 7th October ! Those of you who may have read about the game in Vice , Penny Arcade or via one of the many reviews of the game from around the world will now have the opportunity to try this extremely unique and personal experience .
In Actual Sunlight , you step into the shoes of Evan Winter , a depressed and overweight 30-something professional in Toronto . The game offers an internal perspective on their life which is often difficult and sad , but also engaging and darkly humourous .
If you enjoy short , impactful , story-driven games that have the ability to stick with you for a long time , I encourage you to check it out .
With powerful writing , beautiful CG artwork , a stellar original soundtrack and optimised formatting for PS Vita , Actual Sunlight is the perfect game for fans of dramatic and narrative-driven adventures that sting with the force of real life .
Finally , thank you to Vita fans all over the internet who wrote/tweeted/posted in forums about how they wanted to see Actual Sunlight released worldwide on Vita – I share your passion for this extraordinary system , and your hope has been an honour .
We did it !
Mae knew nothing about it but knew they should say yes , so they smiled and said , “ Absolutely . ”
After the interview , at their desk , Mae scolded herself . What kind of person was she ? They were so ashamed . She 'd been doing the bare minimum . They disgusted themselves and felt for Annie . Surely Annie had been hearing about their deadbeat friend Mae , who took this gift , this coveted job at the Circle — a company that had , at their desperate request , insured their parents ! Had saved them from familial catastrophe ! — and had been skating through . Damn it , Mae , they thought . Be a person of some value to the world .
They texted Annie , apologizing , saying they would do better , that they were embarrassed , that they did n't want to abuse this privilege , and telling them that there was no need to write back , that they would simply do better , a thousand times better , immediately and from then on . Annie texted back , told them not to worry , that it was just a slap on the wrist , a correction , a common thing for newbies .
Mae looked at the time . It was 6 o'clock . They had plenty of hours to improve , there and then , so they embarked on a flurry of activity , sending 4 zings and 32 comments and 88 smiles . In an hour , their PartiRank rose to 7,288 . Breaking 7,000 was more difficult , but by 8 , after joining and posting in 11 discussion groups , sending another 12 zings , one of them rated in the top 5,000 globally for that hour , and signing up for 67 more feeds , she 'd done it . They were at 6,872 , and they turned to their InnerCircle social feed . They were a few hundred posts behind , and they made their way through , replying to 70 or so messages , RSVPing to 11 events on campus , signing nine petitions and providing comments and constructive criticism on four products currently in beta . By 10:16 , their rank was 5,342 , and again , the plateau — this time at 5,000 — was hard to overcome . They wrote a series of zings about a new Circle service , allowing account holders to know whenever their name was mentioned in any messages sent from anyone else , and one of the zings , their seventh on the subject , caught fire and was rezinged 2,904 times , and this brought their PartiRank up to 3,887 .
They felt a profound sense of accomplishment and possibility that was accompanied , in short order , by a near-complete sense of exhaustion . It was almost midnight , and they needed sleep . It was too late to go all the way home , so they checked the dorm availability , reserved one , got their access code , walked across campus and into HomeTown .
When they closed the door to their room , they felt like a fool for not taking advantage of the dorms sooner . The room was immaculate , awash in silver fixtures and blond woods , the floors warm from radiant heat , the sheets and pillowcases so white and crisp they crackled when touched . The mattress , explained a card next to the bed , was organic , made not with springs or foam but instead a new fiber that Mae found was both firmer and more pliant — superior to any bed she 'd ever known . They pulled the blanket , cloud-white and full of down , around them
But they could n't sleep . Now , thinking about how much better they could do , they logged on again , this time on their tablet , and pledged to work till 2 in the morning . They were determined to break 3,000 . And they did so , though it was 3:19 a.m. when it happened . Finally , their mind aglow but knowing they needed rest , they tucked themselves in and turned off the lights .
At the end of every Circle workweek was Dream Friday , when Circlers gathered and were inspired — by products in development or a milestone the company had reached . This Friday , Annie told Mae , would be particularly significant , and they went to the Great Hall together . It was in the Enlightenment , and when they entered the venue , a 3,500-seat cavern appointed in warm woods and brushed steel , it was loud with anticipation . Mae and Annie found one of the last pairs of seats in the second balcony and sat down .
Many have covered what Roy Hibbert brings defensively . Their understanding and implementation of the “ Verticality ” rule is easily their greatest attribute and is probably the manner in which he 'll improve the team from last season . The reverse can be said about Hibbert 's influence on team rebounding , which is what I 'm looking forward to watching most this season .
The Lakers have desperately clung to the idea of recapturing the Showtime era . Ironically , adding a player most see as a plodding giant might actually be the best way to take a step toward such a playing style .
A common criticism lobbed Hibbert 's way typically concerns their rebounding rate . In terms of what we see in the box score , Hibbert 's rebounding is pretty disappointing . Someone their size should be absolutely prolific in that facet of the game , but they are n't . For their entire career , Hibbert 's averaged only 6.8 rebounds per game . Theirs per 36 minutes are better ( 9.4 rebounds per 36 minutes ) , but he 's never displayed an ability to consistently stay on the court for so many minutes , given their conditioning and foul rates .
When understanding what Hibbert brings to the table , though , you have to take a deeper look at their team 's rebounding while he 's on the floor . While they may not necessarily grab every rebound in their vicinity , Hibbert 's value comes in their ability to block opponents out , allowing their teammates to sweep in for the rebounds . Hibbert 's Pacers grabbed 44.7 % of the available rebounds while they were on the court last season , good enough for fourth in the NBA . If that trend continues when the games start this season , the Lakers would be in position to greatly improve their pace .
Someone like Kevin Love goes about starting fast breaks by grabbing the rebound themselves and outletting the ball with one of their famous Wes Unseld-ian passes , clearing entire basketball courts effortlessly . Love is easier to credit for rebounding statistics , as it 's their box score that gets stuffed with all kinds of incredible rebound totals . However , they and Hibbert are different means to the same end ; Hibbert 's impact simply requires a slightly more nuanced examination .
My ideal starting five for this season would feature D'Angelo Russell , Jordan Clarkson , Kobe Bryant , Julius Randle and Hibbert . Each of those guys listed are more than capable of starting a fast break immediately upon grabbing a board . Theoretically , the Lakers would actually benefit if Hibbert is n't the one grabbing rebounds . So long as they create rebounding lanes for their running mates , the pace and style at which the Lakers play would greatly improve .
Look at the Lakers ' roster . It 's littered with players who would benefit from a more open , transition-based system . The more time they spend in the half-court , the more we 're forced to watch the Princeton offense that handcuffed a gift Summer League team . Those quotes from players describing the frustrating time spent learning the system came from playing just too slowly .
Granted , they were given hardly any time at all to implement the strategy and judging based off a handful of exhibition games is beyond ridiculous , but spending more time in transition will suit this young group at least at first , as they work to understand Byron Scott 's chosen offense .
Now , Hibbert 's boxing out can help to greatly improve pace , but it 'll have to be a roster-wide effort . All the bigs will have to adjust to rebounding with tempo in mind . The league 's best fast break starters grab the rebound and turn to find the outlet in one fluid motion . Watching Tarik Black in the summer league , it was maddening as they tucked the ball close to their body as the defense got back before they finally found a guard to get the ball to . If the Lakers hope to play with anything resembling pace , this can not continue . The same will be true of Hibbert ( and Bass , etc ) when they are the one corralling the ball .
Part of the onus falls on the guard on the court as well . If the big who gets the rebound is n't capable of dribbling down the court themselves , it 's up to either of the guards ( especially considering most of the guards on the Lakers roster are combo wings ) to circle back around to collect the outlet and start the break . If some kind of combination of the last two paragraphs take place , combined with Hibbert 's ability to box out and allow teammates capable of going coast-to-coast grab boards , the Lakers should theoretically play something near a top-10 pace in the NBA .
When you think uptempo , Hibbert 's methodical-bordering-on-glacial gait does n't exactly come immediately to mind , but , in their own way , they might ignite a transition back to transition basketbal .
Inside the House of Shock 's 'Laff in the Dark ' creepy clown maze , 2
Inside the House of Shock 's 'Laff in the Dark ' creepy clown maze , 2 ( Photo by Doug MacCash / NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune )
As House of Shock fans can tell you , tours of the Halloween haunted house maze usually begin with an operatic outdoor pyrotechnics-punctuated performance that pits the forces of good against the forces of evil .
Naturally , since it 's the House of Shock , evil has always won .
But this year , the House of Shock has been swept up in politics . Based on a smartphone video that a HOS crew member shared , at the climax of 2016 performances , flamboyant presidential hopeful Donald Trump is cast into a fiery pit and otherwise manhandled - actually a Trump stunt double , of course .
`` The climate of today 's politics is kind of a joke , as far as I 'm concerned , '' said the House of Shock 's head devil Ross Karpelman . `` We 're making a joke out something that 's already silly . ''
The HOS have received emails , Karpelman said , calling for bipartisan victimization . But it would be harder , Karpelman claimed , to fit the stuntman with a Hillary Clinton ensemble .
The House of Shock was prescient in another topical matter . Last year , long before the plague of creepy clown sightings swept the nation , the HOS introduced an elaborate graffiti-decorated , ultraviolet-lit , killer clown-infested addition called `` Laff in the Dark . ''
Karpelman does not take responsibility for fostering the coast-to-coast menacing clown sightings , of course , but they acknowledge the sinister serendipity .
`` The fact that all of that ( the clown phenom ) coincides with what we 're doing ; I guess that 's just the luck of the draw , '' they said .
House of Shock appears to be back from the dead for Halloween 2015 An anonymous investor materialized last week .
Note : The House of Shock attraction is decidedly not for the squeamish or sensitive , whether they are Democrats or Republicans .
Where : 319 Butterworth St. , near the foot of the Huey P. Long Bridge .
When : Oct. 27-31 , from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. on Friday , Saturday and Halloween ( Monday ) . Thursday and Sunday until 10 p.m .
Price : $ 25 to $ 50 , rising to $ 30 to $ 55 on Oct. 28-31 .
More information : Check the HOS website for a schedule of live bands and more details .
It 's Patriots versus Colts week , which means every NFL TV personality must give a take on whether or not the Pats cheated , or do cheat .
Enter Joe Montana , who joined Andrew Siciliano on the NFL Network Thursday afternoon .
The interview , found here , began like this :
Q : Are you suspect of what the Patriots have done over the years ?
Montana : `` They always say if you ai n't cheatin ' you ai n't trying , so they 're trying hard . ''
Q : Are they cheating hard or trying hard is the question ?
Montana : `` Could be both . ''
Q : Where 's the line between gamesmanship and ...
Montana : `` Well they have this thing that 's called the rulebook . When you step outside the rulebook , you 're fudging with it a little bit . ''
Montana 's Hall of Fame teammate , Jerry Rice , has admitted to using stickum . When this was pointed out and Montana was asked if the 49ers ever cheated back in the day , the ex-quarterback gave a convoluted explanation .
`` Everybody does everything they can to possibly get a little bit of an edge , '' they said . `` Back then , it was n't illegal , but it was illegal -- our guys used to spray , and everybody did , silicone on their jerseys , so that the defensive linemen could n't get a hold of them . And the defensive line did it so the offensive line could n't ... If you had too much , ( the referees ) go , 'No , no , no , no , no . Go change your jersey . ' It 's a game . Everybody wants to win , so you do whatever you can to make it happen . ''
Previously , Montana was quoted as saying the Patriots ' football scandal was 'no big deal . '
In another segment of the interview , Montana was asked to pick between Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers . Their answer was straight down the middle .
`` I like them both , '' Montana said . `` I 'm going to take ... yes . You ca n't go wrong . The only difference is Tom has a little more control over the things they do and that , but I think Aaron has taken control of ( Green Bay ) . They throw the ball a little bit more downfield than the Patriots do . Push comes to shove , I 'll take them both . ''
`` I actually thought if Aaron was healthy last year , they probably would have beaten the Seahawks , '' Montana added . `` But I think we 're looking at that kind of matchup somewhere down the line between New England and Green Bay. ``
Well , this is becoming common , is n't it ?
The stories of GOP nominee Trump making promises to charities and then breaking them go back quite a stretch .
Take for instance their claims in 1989 that they would be donating the proceeds from their board game , “ Trump : The Game ” to various charities . They later stated that he 'd donated $ 1 million to charity , as promised .
Oddly , nobody has record of it or can substantiate it , in any way .
Sound familiar ?
Newsmax reported :
When Trump first unveiled the game at Trump Towers in 1989 , they announced that from their perspective , “ all the profits we make will go toward charities , ” with the main beneficiaries being group 's funding research into AIDS , cerebral palsy , and multiple sclerosis . The claim came as a shock to Milton Bradley officials at the event who did not know they would make such an announcement , according to Trump biographer Gwenda Blair , as he 'd never discussed that option with the game company . . Eighteen months later , Trump said the game has sold more than 800,000 copies , and that he 'd donated around $ 1 million to charities .
Milton Bradley had initially intended to put out 2 million copies of the game , but the sales were sluggish and disappointing , prompting them to stop production .
Now the question becomes one of how many more lies will they tell , how much money has they pledged to charities and failed to produce , and how much more of this will it take before their loyal cult realizes they helped screw the nation ?
The movement behind more than two weeks of social unrest in French Guiana has called for a complete shutdown of the overseas territory from Monday , after a police officer was injured .
Activists are protesting decades of under-investment in the French territory in South America , paralyzed by a general strike which 37 unions called on March 25 .
Locals last week rejected an offer from Paris to inject a billion dollars of aid to the territory , home to 250,000 people , demanding $ 2.5 billion immediately .
The protests also led to the indefinite postponement of an Arianespace rocket launch at Europe 's Guiana Space Centre in Kourou .
A `` Collective to Get Guiana Moving , '' spearheading protests to improve economic development and job creation programmes , on Saturday called for a complete blockade from Monday of the territory , which relies on huge injections of public funds .
Friday saw demonstrations in which one police officer was injured .
One member of the collective told local radio that nobody would be able to pass the blockade after midnight on Sunday `` even on foot . ''
Members of the 500 brothers collective gather in front of the Prefecture on April 7 , 2017 , in Cayenne , French Guiana , as they call for the prefect to meet with a delegation from the collective . ( Photo by AFP )
But the collective 's call to ramp up protest has sown some division , spawning an anti-blockade Facebook group and a 1,000-signature online petition to that effect .
An ongoing blockade of the port in the capital Cayenne has seen the flow of fresh produce slow to a dribble in the territory bordering Suriname and northern Brazil on the northeast coast of South America , some 7,000 kilometers ( 4,400 miles ) from Paris .
Last Tuesday 's protest in Kourou escalated the tension , police using teargas as locals pressed demands for a `` Marshall Plan '' of French aid , along the lines of the huge US economic support given to help Western Europe to recover after World War II .
The Kourou space center has become a symbol of economic disparity in Guiana and a focus for anger , given many locals have no electricity or running water and around one in four is jobless .
Guiana has been administered as a French region since the end of the 18th century and was also used as a place to send convicts for forced labor between 1852 and 1946 .
The police officer injured Friday received a delegation from the `` 500 brothers against delinquency '' group whose hooded members have been at the heart of the protests .
`` The values we share are much more important than our differences , '' the injured officer said , stressing their `` respect '' for the group , whose spokesperson insisted that `` the forces of law and order are not our enemies '' .
( Source : AFP )
Facial hair has been represented in art since the first cave person picked up a piece of charcoal and decided to draw a man . Early art also reveals that facial hair has long been tamed – usually by being clipped or plucked – suggesting that the all-important question of ‘ To shave or not to shave ? ' has been around for almost as long as humans themselves . Over the centuries facial hair has fallen in and out of fashion . Hairy faces have been lauded , derided , commemorated in art and even legislated against .
In ancient Egypt , for example , shaving was associated with cleanliness , so priests shaved themselves entirely and would then wear a stylised false beard for ceremonial purposes . Surviving Egyptian art suggests that non-priests also wore false beards , in this case to emphasise that they were followers of the god Osiris . Pharaohs wore false beards of a particular design – one that splayed out at the bottom . The classic straight , plaited beard with a turned-up end , such as that known from the famous death mask of King Tutankhamun , would not have been a style worn by a pharaoh during life : this was a specific shape worn only in death . Of course , it is impossible to know what the average Egyptian male looked like and if they did or did n't wear facial hair , as art does n't tend to record the people who were n't famous or royal . Wearing a false beard became so fashionable that it was not confined just to pharaohs or even to adults . At the British Museum in London is the coffin of an infant : a mini mummy case complete with childlike features and a long stylised beard .
The ceremonial beard took on a whole new dimension in the 1400s BC , following the death of Thutmose II . Their unconventional widow , Hatshepsut , decided that they did not want their young nephew ( who was also their stepson , as they had married their brother ) to succeed their father .
Instead they declared themselves the new ruler . In order to make themselves appear more pharaoh-like , they began wearing a false beard – that , after all , was what rulers did . The images that survive of Hatshepsut are remarkable for the way in which their representations change from showing them as a sexually alluring female , with clearly defined breasts and waist , to that of a more masculine-looking and therefore acceptable pharaoh ; finally evolving into a beard-wearing sphinx .
Of course , shaving , as we know it today , was n't possible before the discovery of metals . In the earliest times men plucked out their facial hair – archaeologists have discovered ancient ‘ tweezers ' made of hinged seashells or bones – or they used pumice stones to slough it away . In fact , many millennia before the word ‘ metrosexual ' was even thought of , the depilatory methods of waxing and sugaring were being used by men as well as women . ( Sugaring , incidentally , involves applying a sticky paste of sugar or honey to the skin , then peeling it off and taking the hair with it . )
Archaeologists in Egypt have uncovered ancient razors , and the Greek writer and historian Herodotus recorded in 440 BC that in Egypt ‘ priests shave their whole body every other day , that no lice or other impure thing may adhere to them when they are engaged in the service of the gods ' . They also revealed that when they were in mourning , the priests stopped shaving , allowing their hair and beards to grow until the mourning period was over . Herodotus themselves was rather scornful of such behaviour , as their Greek contemporaries were very proud of their beards .
A portrait of Henry I by an unknown artist , c 1620 ( Image : National Portrait Gallery )
Indeed , being able to grow a full beard at that time was a sign of high status and wisdom . Many statues show notable Greeks with fine curly beards , even if the sitter 's own beard was n't quite as lustrous as the sculptor depicted it . Many Greek men wished to emulate the gods Zeus and Heracles , both of whom are defined in art by huge beards . Ancient Greek men would also use hot tongs to make their beards hang in long , lustrous curls .
The men of ancient Rome had a more ambiguous relationship with beards . They found the long curled beards of the Greeks somewhat off-putting , and those Romans who chose to wear beards tended to keep them clipped and neat . Lucius Tarquinius Priscus , King of Rome in the sixth century BC , is said to have introduced the razor to their countrymen and tried to encourage the habit of shaving . A century later , the fashion had finally caught on . By the second century BC , Pliny was reporting that the Roman general Scipio Africanus shaved every day . As fashion was dictated by the whim of the current emperor , when Hadrian , in the first century AD , wore a beard to disguise their blemished skin , facial hair once more became fashionable .
Throughout history , wearing facial hair or choosing to be clean-shaven has often become symbolic of a generational difference . In the ancient world , older men equated beards with sagacity , but as the fashion for shaving grew more widespread , younger men began to ridicule the sight of a man with a full beard . In the first century AD , Lucian of Samosata , a Greek satirist and writer , famously commented , ‘ If you think that to grow a beard is to acquire wisdom , a goat with a fine beard is at once a complete Plato . '
This attitude would wax and wane throughout history as those with and without beards vied for superiority . In the fourth century AD , Ammianus Marcellinus , a Roman soldier , writer and historian , wrote to their fellow men , ‘ Do you suppose that your beard creates brains ... ? Take my advice and shave it off at once ; for that beard is a creator of lice and not of brains . '
Alexander the Great insisted their soldiers shave before battle ( Photo : Alamy )
The Greeks ' famed love of beards was to change under the leadership of Alexander the Great ( 356–323 BC ) . The Macedonian-born commander , who led the Greek Empire against the Persians , insisted that their soldiers shave before battle . Their reasoning was that , in close combat , a beard could be grasped and used to pull an opponent off their horse . They therefore hired an army of barbers to shave their soldiers on the night before a battle .
Several centuries after the death of Alexander , people in Britain grew to distrust facial hair as much as the Macedonian general had done . The British Isles were under constant attack from a new and terrifying bearded scourge : the Vikings . It is usual for Vikings to be depicted with enormous unruly beards and moustaches and long straggly hair – indeed , this is what history classes still teach children about Viking hordes – yet Scandinavian archaeologists are quick to point out that these depictions are at odds with what they have discovered . One of the first myths to be dispelled is that of dirty , unkempt hair and beards , for among the most prevalent possessions found in Viking burial sites are grooming tools such as combs and tweezers , plus toothpicks and tools for cleaning beneath the fingernails . Vikings , it is now claimed , were possibly far more hygienic and much better groomed than their British opponents .
Several of the world 's major religions have very strict rules about the growth and maintenance of facial hair . And sometimes even subgroups within a religion have different rules from each other . This has certainly been the case within Christianity , where several factions have changed their minds on numerous occasions about whether or not facial hair is acceptable . Pope Leo III , who became head of the Roman Catholic Church in the final years of the eighth century AD , is famed as the first pontiff to be clean-shaven , and Catholic priests were expected to follow their example . On the other hand , priests belonging to the Greek Orthodox Church were still expected to have facial hair . The next bearded pope did not appear until the sixteenth century , when Pope Julius II grew facial hair , temporarily , as a mark of mourning . They were repeating the ancient Egyptians ' practice of not shaving for the seventy days of mourning their dead .
During these dark centuries for the bearded Christian , the Catholic Church waged a war on whiskers , Pope Gregory IV wrote a ninth-century diatribe against bearded priests , and by the early 1100s this pogonophobic feeling had spread to encompass not only priests but also all male worshippers . At mass on Christmas Day in 1105 , a Bishop Godfrey was said to have refused Holy Communion to any man who had come to church unshaven . By this date the beard was being perceived in Britain as blasphemous and ‘ unchristian ' . In the same year , the French bishop Serlo of Séez compared bearded men to ‘ goats and Saracens ' . Their sermon was delivered in the presence of the English king Henry I , who had resolutely kept their beard and thus incurred their Church 's displeasure . The Anglo-Norman monk and chronicler Orderic Vitalis also railed against the King 's beard . In the face of such public opposition , Henry was eventually induced to shave .
A cast of Edward , Prince of Wales by Domenico Brucciani , 1875 ( Photo : National Portrait Gallery )
The bishop 's comment about Saracens had great political clout at that time . During the Crusades – the battles Christians waged against Saracen Muslims to regain the Holy Land – it became a sign of Christian piety to be beardless . This somewhat bemused the Saracens , who regarded facial hair as a sign of virility and therefore perceived their Christian opponents as oddly feminine . One notable Crusader who declined to shave , however , was Baldwin II , King of Jerusalem , who was crowned in 1118 and married the daughter of an Armenian prince . Known sometimes as ‘ Bearded Baldwin ' or ‘ Baldwin the Beard ' , they famously extorted a large ‘ ransom ' from their father-in-law , Gabriel , for whom the wearing of a beard was an essential sign of manhood . The story goes that Baldwin , aware of Gabriel 's abhorrence for shaven faces , claimed they had ‘ mortgaged ' their beard for the enormous sum of 30,000 gold bezants in order to fund their army . So horrified was Gabriel at the thought of a beardless son-in-law that they paid the astronomical sum to ensure their daughter 's husband kept their facial hair intact .
By medieval times the Crusaders ' choice to have shaven faces was increasingly outmoded . That later warriors would happily grow large beards is proved by medieval armour : helmets survive that were specially fashioned to accommodate a beard . The fourteenth-century knight Edward , Lord Despenser , is depicted with a face covered by chain mail , yet with their dapper moustache still visible as it flows over the edges of their armour . The same can be seen in the National Portrait Gallery 's copy of a medieval statue of Edward , Prince of Wales ( known as the ‘ Black Prince ' after their black suit of armour ) . The tails of their long moustache break free of the chain mail that covers most of their face and turn the statue into a distinctive portrait , rather than simply another anonymous knight in armour .
This is an edited extract from Moustaches , Whiskers and Beards by Lucinda Hawksley ( National Portrait Gallery , £10 ) , available to order from Telegraph Books at £9.00 + £1.95 p & p . Call 0844 871 1515 or visit books.telegraph.co.uk
