In the year 2030 , a powerful radio transmission originating from Earth will arrive at a potentially habitable exoplanet located approximately 12.4 light years away . Should any alien intelligence be there to receive it , they 're in for quite a treat : This binary stream of data contains short musical clips from some of the world 's best electronic musicians . It 's part art , part science—but considering we know virtually nothing about extraterrestrials , should we really be calling attention to ourselves ?
For three days in October , organizers of the Spanish Sónar electronic music festival pointed the 105-foot-wide European Incoherent Scatter Scientific Association ( EISCAT ) radio antenna towards the sky and sent bursts of radio signals towards GJ 273—a red dwarf star ( sometimes called Luyten 's Star ) that hosts two known planets , one of which , GJ 273b , may be capable of supporting life . With the help of astronomers from METI ( Messages to Extraterrestrial Intelligence ) and the Institute of Space Studies of Cataloniar ( IEEC ) , the Sónar team beamed digitally encoded clips of music from such artists as Autechre , Holly Herndon , Jean-Michel Jarre , Modeselektor , Matmos , Kode9 , and Laurel Halo .
Advertisement
In April 2018 , they 'll do it again , sending 15 more tracks from some of the 33 artists who are taking part in the festival . You can listen to the 10-second-long tracks beamed during the first transmission here ( Niva Kraviz 's is my favorite , and shame on Jarre for rehashing an old clip from Oxygène ) .
Called Sónar Calling , the project is a “ celebration , an artistic-scientific experiment and a collective reflection open to humans and extraterrestrials , ” according to the festival website . The point of the exercise , aside from attracting the obvious publicity and selling more concert tickets , is to promote “ the first contact of humanity with an extraterrestrial intelligence. ” Sounds flowery , but there 's some actual science going on : Unlike the traditional , passive SETI approach of listening for alien radio signals , METI is trying to make actual contact with ET .
Which leads me to the obvious question : Is all this such a good idea ? Sure , this exercise sounds harmless and fun , but it 's not a zero-risk endeavor . Aliens may very well be listening , and we have no idea how they might respond . The whole thing seems a bit premature , possibly even reckless .
Advertisement
But Douglas Vakoch , president of the not-for-profit METI , does n't see it that way . To him , Sónar Calling is a good way to test and refine some basic interstellar communication principles , and educate the public about the METI concept . It 's also a way to see if aliens are actually out there .
“ We 're testing one solution to the Fermi Paradox called the Zoo Hypothesis , ” Vakoch told Gizmodo . “ According to the Zoo Hypothesis , perhaps extraterrestrial intelligence is much more widespread than we usually think , and even nearby stars are populated with advanced civilizations . In short , they already know we are here , but they are simply watching us , like we watch animals in the zoo. ” Vakoch 's hope is that we send a message that 's interesting enough to warrant a response from an extraterrestrial civilization .
The other point of the exercise , says Vakoch , is to develop a process that can be replicated , over and over again , with multiple stars .
Advertisement
“ This preparation includes developing the messages we send , encoding them in a format that can be transmitted with available facilities such as EISCAT , and archiving our messages so future generations will remember what we have sent , and so they will know when we can first expect a reply , ” they said . “ If METI succeeds in creating the organizational infrastructure that allows the sort of long term thinking that encourages astronomers to look for a reply from GJ 273b a quarter of a century from now , the project will be a remarkable success , even if we do n't receive a reply from ET . ”
The Sónar Calling project is reminiscent of previous attempts at interstellar communication , including the Aricebo Message ( 1974 ) , Russia 's Cosmic Call ( 1999 ) , the Lone Signal Project ( 2013 ) , and to a lesser extent the Golden Record on NASA 's two Voyager probes . But these efforts were one-off signals , and with no follow-up .
“ We have transmitted to the same star on three successive days , giving scientists on GJ 273b time to ask their colleagues at other observatories to watch for repeated transmissions , letting them confirm that they 've detected an artificial signal , ” said Vakoch . “ Moreover , we 'll send a second set of transmissions in April 2018 , giving extraterrestrials orbiting Luyten 's Star an additional six months to prepare an extensive observing campaign of Earth , allowing further confirmation of our signal . ”
Advertisement
In addition , the transmission designed by IEEC and METI scientists is “ propaedeutic ” in nature , meaning that each section of the message contains information about how to decode the next section . According to the Sónar Calling team , a sufficiently sophisticated alien intelligence should be able to detect this transmission and perceive it as coming from an unnatural source . Music from the first transmission is now hurtling towards GJ 273b at the speed of light , and it 'll arrive in late 2030 . So the earliest we could ever hope to hear a response will be in 2043 .
Each contributing artist had to compose and specially prepare their music for transmission . Given the very slow data transmission rate of 500 bits per second ( that 's about 250,000 times slower than MP3 playback ) , the musicians were required to compose brief 10-second-long pieces , and at a very low digital sound quality . For the audiophiles among you , it was a PCM encoding of only eight bits , in mono , and with a sampling frequency of just eight kilohertz . No data compression was used . Each piece was preceded with a digital “ tutorial ” that describes the digital coding of sound waves using different frequencies and harmonics . The clips were sent from the EISCAT observatory in Tromsø , Norway on October 16th , 17th , and 18th .
Advertisement
“ I wish I could say that somehow humanity would be safer if we simply avoided any intentional transmissions to GJ 273 , but in good conscience , I ca n't . ”
In terms of the risks , Vakoch believes that any civilization that has the capacity to travel to Earth to do us harm already knows we 're here , “ so there is no increased risk of an alien invasion from our transmissions. ” Vakoch says we have a natural tendency to think that it 's risker to do something than not to do something , so we think it 's riskier to transmit a message than not to transmit .
“ But when we stop and think about it , sometime it is risker not to do something , ” they say . “ Some people choose not to get vaccinated to prevent a serious disease , but that decision actually increases their risk of getting sick . And if enough people make that same choice , this lack of action would be devastating for public health. ” Vakoch is working under the rather big assumption that contact would be ultimately good for us , and that a benign ETI could pull us from the primitive mode we currently find ourselves in . Or at the very least , that proof of alien existence might steer our cultural , social , and political values ( not to mention our technological development ) in a more positive direction .
Advertisement
Of course , erring on the side of caution is not always a bad thing . As Vakoch themselves admits , a central aim of this project is to test a potential solution to the Fermi Paradox . But if there 's one thing the Great Silence has taught us is , it 's that the Galaxy is completely empty of observable extraterrestrial intelligence . At about 13 billion years old , and measuring just 150 million light years across , a single ancient interstellar civilization could have populated every single star system in the Milky Way by now , and then some . The Fermi Paradox is n't just an idle philosophical problem—it 's actually quite terrifying . There 's something going on out there that 's preventing ETIs from overtly colonizing the Galaxy . We do n't know what that “ something ” is , but it 's not irrational to be worried about it .
Vakoch , on the other hand , says we need to be alert of our biases that lead to fear .
Advertisement
“ We have a lot of things to fear in our world today . Nation is pitted against nation . We are destroying our environment . It would be comforting to think that the biggest threat to our survival is from some malevolent alien out there that can be thwarted by simply staying quiet , ” they told Gizmodo . “ I wish I could say that somehow humanity would be safer if we simply avoided any intentional transmissions to GJ 273 , but in good conscience , I ca n't . ”
[ Sónar Calling ]
Assistance to torture regimes violates US & international law
London , UK – 24 February 2014
Guest post by Daniel Wickham
The top ten recipients of US foreign assistance this year all practice torture and are responsible for major human rights abuses , according to the findings of Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and other leading human rights organisations . This may be in violation of existing US law , which requires that little or no aid be provided to a country which “ engages in a consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights , including torture . ”
A report released by the Congressional Research Service lists the following countries as the largest beneficiaries of US government-provided aid planned for 2014 :
1 . Israel – $ 3.1bn
2 . Afghanistan – $ 2.2bn
3 . Egypt – $ 1.6bn
4 . Pakistan – $ 1.2bn
5 . Nigeria – $ 693m
6 . Jordan – $ 671m
7 . Iraq – $ 573m
8 . Kenya – $ 564m
9 . Tanzania – $ 553m
10.Uganda - $ 456m
All ten have been accused of torturing people in the last year , and at least half of them are reported to be doing so on a massive scale . In Afghanistan , for example , a UN report that torture in prisons continues to be “ widespread ” , with over half of the 635 detainees who were interviewed claiming to have been abused . According to Amnesty International , torture is also “ widespread ” in Uganda and remains “ common ” practice in Iraq .
Elsewhere , in Kenya , Human Rights Watch claim that “ police in Nairobi tortured , raped and otherwise abused and arbitrarily detained at least 1,000 refugees between mid-November 2012 and late January 2013. ” Tanzanians “ at most risk of HIV ” also face “ widespread police abuse ” – including torture – and are “ regularly raped , assaulted and arrested . ”
The worst abuses in detention , however , are alleged to be happening Nigeria , where in addition to the “ widespread ” use of torture , nearly a thousand people died in military custody in the first six months of 2013 . A senior officer in the Nigerian army , speaking on condition of anonymity , claimed that “ about five people , on average , are killed nearly on a daily basis. ” According to the Associated Press , “ if the number is accurate , Nigeria 's military has killed more civilians than the ( Boko Haram ) militants did ” in the same six month period .
The “ abysmal ” human rights situation in Egypt , whose government still receives half a billion dollars in foreign aid annually from the United States , is also a pressing concern . According to Tayab Ali of ITN solicitors in London , “ the evidence suggests that Egypt 's military regime has carried out crimes against humanity on a horrendous scale , including murder , persecution , torture and enforced disappearances. ” At least 1,300 protesters have been massacred and anywhere between 3,500 and 21,317 Muslim Brotherhood supporters arrested since the elected government of Mohammed Morsi was overthrown in a coup d'etat in July .
Although the crackdown shows no signs of letting up , with dozens more killed on the anniversary of the Egyptian uprising in January , the United States is on course to increase its support for the military regime after Congress passed a new bill which will allow the US to restore the full $ 1.5bn in foreign assistance which is traditionally provided .
Israel , the top recipient of US military aid , has also been accused of committing major human rights abuses over the last year , including the torture of Palestinian children . A recent report by the Public Committee against Torture in Israel described how detained children “ suspected of minor crimes ” have been sexually assaulted by Israeli security forces and kept in outdoor cages during the winter .
It found that “ 74 % of Palestinian child detainees experience physical violence during arrest , transfer or interrogation. ” This would appear to back up the claims of the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child , which last year reported that “ Palestinian children are systematically subject to degrading treatment , and often to acts of torture ” by the Israeli military and police .
Likewise , in Jordan and Pakistan , torture is practiced with “ near-total impunity. ” The Pakistani authorities have carried out particularly egregious human rights abuses in the province of Balochistan , where 160 people have been extra-judicially killed and 510 “ disappeared ” over the last year . According to reports from the country 's most widely read English-language newspaper , at least 592 mutilated dead bodies have now been found since January 2010 . The United States , however , has kept silent on the mounting evidence of atrocities and continues to provide over a billion dollars in foreign assistance annually , making it Pakistan 's “ largest donor of development and military aid . ”
A number of other recipients of US foreign assistance are also alleged to practice torture systematically . In Bahrain , for example , Amnesty International report that “ children are being routinely detained , ill-treated and tortured ” , while in Mexico and Ethiopia , torture is described as “ widespread. ” Controversially , the Obama administration has also recently restored military aid to Uzbekistan , where the UN claim torture is practiced in its “ worst forms. ” In one particularly horrifying case , a man was actually boiled to death in an Uzbek prison for allegedly being a member of an Islamist group .
In spite of this , the United States remains a signatory of the United Nations Convention against Torture , which it ratified in 1994 . However , the fact that the top ten recipients of US foreign assistance all practice torture raises serious questions about the Obama administration 's stance on human rights . If the United States wants to be taken seriously on these issues , a serious re-evaluation of its foreign assistance programme is needed . At a minimum , the Obama administration should respect existing US law by placing conditions , such as an end to the practice of torture , on the provision of military aid to foreign governments , which will hopefully then push those governments towards reform and a greater respect for human rights .
Soon after hinting the announcement of their first ever Counter Strike : Global Offensive team , Meet Your Makers have announced their pickup .
A team gathered around Mariusz `` Loord '' Cybulski was formed back in late September , two months after they were released from their contract in ESC Gaming .
Both Piotr `` peet '' Ćwikliński and Bartosz `` Hyper '' Wolny , were on the brink of a move to ESC Gaming , but they decided to form a team under Dobry Gaming .
Cybulski announces their return to MYM
Cybersport.pl talked to Luke Ganczewski , the team manager , who said that they had a various of other offers from other organisation , with MYM being their final pick . The whole statement can be read below :
`` After a long conversation with many organizations , we have decided to choose the best proposal . So , I would like to officially announce that our team will be joining Meet Your Makers organisation . I think it would be a great start and a huge motivation for the boys , now we are waiting for the results to come . Similar to the other teams , we hope to participate at DreamHack Winter , we will do everything in our power to get there and show what we can do . On behalf of the entire team would like to thank all the fans who support us and especially our new organization that gave us a chance to show a larger audience . '' - translated from Cybersport.pl
With the addition of a Counter Strike : Global Offensive roster , MYM are now represented in Battlefield 4 , Fifa14 and League of Legends divisions . Following the launch of their new website , the organisation seems to be determined to bring back the former glory .
Meet Your Makers are :
Mariusz `` Loord '' Cybulski
Piotr `` peet '' Ćwikliński
Bartosz `` Hyper '' Wolny
Pawel `` innocent '' Mocek
Jacek `` minise '' Jeziak
As mentioned , new MYM addition are not only looking to strengthen up the competition in the Polish scene , since they are strongly looking to secure their place at the upcoming Dreamhack Winter 2013 in Jönköping , Sweden .
Indignation at luxury housing construction is one of the few things that unite NIMBYs and renters advocates concerned about gentrification and displacement . Since luxury construction is the only thing that pencils out in many places under existing zoning , this alliance is much more beneficial to NIMBYs , who get to thwart all new construction , than to renters advocates , whose meager gains from avoiding rent increases due to amenity effects are at least partially wiped out by rent increases due to the regional housing supply shortage . Politically , breaking the alliance between NIMBYs and renters advocates is prerequisite to taking any meaningful action on the housing crisis , as these are the two of the largest advocacy groups active in land use policy .
The trick that NIMBY con artists pull is to convince people that luxury construction is crowding out low-income & middle class construction – that every luxury unit built represents a missed opportunity to build a low-income or middle class unit . Of course , NIMBYs would oppose the construction of low-income & middle class housing or subsidized affordable units even more than they oppose luxury construction ; that 's why it 's a trick .
For this story to be accurate , you 'd have to believe that the economy is churning out housing as fast as possible . This is extremely unlikely . To see why , let 's look at a few graphs from the always excellent Calculated Risk and from FRED , the excellent data service of the St Louis Federal Reserve Bank .
First , here is the level of housing starts in the US .
Nine years after the bottom fell out of subprime lending , both total housing starts and single-family housing starts remain at levels that , since 1968 , were previously only seen during recessions . When you adjust for population growth , the level of housing construction is even worse . The graph below shows the number of new housing starts per year for each person of population growth . For decades , we constructed 0.6 to 0.8 housing units for every additional person . That number dropped to almost 0.2 during the crash and has barely recovered to 0.4 . ( Note that this ignores demolitions , so it systematically overstates the amount of construction per person , but it 's fine for purposes of comparison . )
Now , it could be possible that developers have decided to spend the same amount of money , but build a smaller number of bigger , more luxurious units instead of a larger number of smaller , more affordable units . If this were the case , we 'd expect to see housing investment remain at the same level as in the past , despite declining numbers of units .
This is n't the case either . The graph below shows total real private investment in multi-family and single-family structures . Residential construction spending remains about a third below what it was before the housing boom of the 2000s started , and half of what it was at the peak .
We can adjust this for the number of units by dividing total investment by the number of units constructed . The next graph shows total real private investment in residential structures divided by the number of units started . In real terms , investment per housing unit remains around $ 210,000- $ 230,000 , similar to what it was in the 2000s .
So , developers are not substituting luxury construction for low-income and middle class construction . It 's just that the total volume of housing investment and construction remains low .
Labor shortages and material costs have been suggested as reasons that housing construction is not higher . However , construction employment is still well below what it was during the last boom .
In addition , employment per housing unit constructed is still above historical averages . Through the 1980s and 1990s , each housing unit built every year supported between 0.4 and 0.5 jobs . This level rose dramatically during the recession , as builders tried to keep their employees despite reduced volume , and has only declined to just over 0.6 jobs per unit . It seems that builders may not be using the labor they have to its full productivity .
Prices for materials like framing lumber are up , but still below what they were during the last housing boom .
Simply put , luxury construction is not behind the housing crisis . It is the low overall volume of construction . Indeed , even if developers switched to building the same number of middle class units , we should n't expect any impact on the regional price level , because the housing shortage would persist . Rich people do n't disappear because you stopped an upscale tower . Luxury construction does n't induce rich people into existence .
What has happened is that job growth has been concentrated in large cities in this economic cycle , more so than in previous expansions . These are places like LA , where geography has made it impractical for new single-family construction on the edges of the region , like the IE , to relieve housing demand generated by job growth in the core , like the Westside .
So if we want to understand the housing crisis , we have to look at why the volume of construction in places like LA is so low – lower than at times in the past like the 1960s and 1980s , despite much stronger price support .
The biggest reason at the local level is zoning . Through downzonings that have restricted how many units can be built on a lot and costly regulatory requirements like parking minimums and impact fees , we have made it impossible to build things like dingbats and courtyard apartments , the types of new housing that were immediately affordable to the middle class and even many low-income residents . Filtering is real , but we should make it possible again to build new construction that 's affordable to low-income and middle class people .
Other policy changes besides zoning reform could work to serve this goal . For example , it 's easy to get a highly-leveraged federally guaranteed loan to buy a single-family house , but not to build a small apartment building or mixed-use project . This is true despite the fact that apartments in centrally located parts of the region are much safer investments than single-family houses on the fringe . If policy had not been oriented this way in the 2000s , perhaps the housing boom would have produced a large number of conveniently located apartments instead of empty subdivisions in the desert . As another example , the much-maligned investment of foreign money in US real estate could be guided towards building apartments rather than pied-a-terre purchases .
NIMBYs , of course , do n't want to see any of this . It 's easy to get mad about rich people buying big houses and luxury condos , and NIMBYs exploit that to their advantage in trying to stop all new construction . To solve the housing crisis , though , we need to realize that luxury construction is a distraction from what we need to do – figure out why housing construction is at such historically low levels , and changing policy to fix it .
Advertisements
Donald Trump said the firing of FBI Director James Comey was “ set up a while ago , ” directly contradicting the White House 's claim that they acted off the recommendation of their attorney general .
In an interview with Lester Holt on NBC News Thursday night , the president said : “ It was set up a while ago , and frankly , I could have waited , but what difference does it make ? ”
“ Regardless of recommendation , I was going to fire Comey , knowing there was no good time to do it . ”
Their comment undercuts the White House explanation that they fired Comey after they received two letters of recommendation from Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein this week .
WATCH :
Trump — who said they were a “ showboat ” and “ grandstander ” — also denied that Comey 's firing had anything to do with the the fact that the FBI is investigating the Russian government 's efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election , including if there were any ties between Trump 's campaign and the Russian government .
“ I just want somebody that 's competent , ” Trump said . “ I am a big fan of the FBI , I love the FBI . I want to find out if there was a problem in the election having to do with Russia. ” ( RELATED : Comey Confirms FBI Is Investigating Links Between Trump Campaign And Russia )
“ As far as I 'm concerned , I want that thing to be absolutely done properly , ” they added . “ Maybe I 'll expand that , you know , lengthen the time because it should be over with , in my opinion , should have been over with a long time ago . ‘ Cause all it is is an excuse , but I said to myself , I might even lengthen out the investigation , but I have to do the right thing for the American people . ”
Trump said there was “ no collusion between me and my campaign and the Russians . ”
“ Also , the Russians did not affect the vote . ”
Soon after firing Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Monday night , President Trump removed the acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , the Department of Homeland Security says .
While the White House said emphatically that Yates was fired -- for ordering Justice Department lawyers not to defend the president 's controversial temporary travel ban in court -- no explanation was given for Daniel Ragsdale 's job being given to Thomas Homan .
Ragsdale 's brief stint as acting director began on Inauguration Day . Before that , they were a deputy director for several years , according to their official biography .
In a tweet , ICE made it clear he 's staying with the agency :
Contrary to reporting , Daniel Ragsdale has been ICE deputy director for more than four years and remains deputy director . — ICE ( @ ICEgov ) January 31 , 2017
Homan has been ICE 's executive associate director of enforcement and removal operations since 2013 , DHS Secretary John Kelly said in a statement . “ In this capacity , they led ICE 's efforts to identify , arrest , detain , and remove illegal aliens , including those who present a danger to national security or are a risk to public safety , as well as those who enter the United States illegally or otherwise undermine the integrity of our immigration laws and our border control efforts , ” the statement reads .
• Unhappy striker now terms themselves 'NikeUK athlete ' • Source close to club puts Rooney 's value at £40m
Wayne Rooney has removed the term `` Manchester United player '' from their Twitter page and replaced it with `` NikeUK athlete '' following their demand to Sir Alex Ferguson a fortnight ago to leave the club this summer .
While United are adamant the striker is not for sale , according to a well placed source Rooney is valued at £40m , so if an offer was made this may at least be explored . United are interested in bringing back Cristiano Ronaldo from Real Madrid , so the transfer of Rooney would help finance a deal .
Paris Saint-Germain , Bayern Munich and Chelsea are potential suitors for the 27-year-old who has had an uneven season for United .
While it is not known why Rooney removed the description from their Twitter feed , the timing of it further heightens the sense of their disgruntlement with life at Old Trafford .
Ferguson told Rooney they could not leave and that remains United 's stance . Rooney has declined to comment on their position .
Another twist has emerged in the clubs ' push for places in the Australian Women 's Football League , with the Adelaide Crows joining forces with the Northern Territory in a bid for a seventh licence .
With the AFL Commission having approved the launch of the women 's national competition in early 2017 , the cream of Australian Indigenous female talent could help form the Crows ' team in a partnership with AFLNT .
Erin Phillips has been signed and will possibly lead a potential Power women 's team . Credit : Rohan Thomson
The increasingly competitive climate around the national league saw Port Adelaide , which had shown little interest in forming a foundation team , this week sign basketball star Erin Phillips to lead a potential Power women 's team .
And on Friday Adelaide CEO Andrew Fagan told Fairfax Media they had met the AFL to propose the joint venture with AFL Northern Territory in a bid to overcome the relative dearth of talented women footballers in South Australia . `` We see this as a compelling way to create significant talent pathways , '' said Fagan .
A rise in auto accidents surprised car insurers in the first half of 2015 , which will translate to higher premiums for drivers .
Industry executives say a 14 % surge in fatal accidents tracked by the National Safety Council was due to a combination of factors , but insiders say the most prominent cause is cell phone usage .
The upsurge after years of declines was an unexpected development for two of the three largest car insurers , Geico and Allstate , and both are raising premiums to offset the expenses associated with the new accident claims . Allstate this year has gotten approval from dozens of states to boost rates by an average of 3.9 % , according to financial filings , and Geico is implementing premium rate increases as needed to offset jumps in the frequency and severity of customer auto claims .
Analysts say drivers could be facing a prolonged period of rising premiums as a result . In an Aug. 26 report , Nomura stock analyst Clifford Gallant noted that while some insurers “ are already reacting aggressively with rate increases , we expect that multiple rounds may be necessary just to catch current trend . ”
“ More miles driven , more cars on the road , more accidents , ” said Allstate Chief Executive Tom Wilson in an interview .
Fatal crashes had been falling in the past decade because of more-frequent use of seat belts , tougher enforcement of drunken-driving laws and a proliferation of newer , safer cars with stability-control systems and airbags . Some of those trends contributed to a decline in car-insurance costs for consumers—the average annual expenditure for auto insurance in the U.S. crept down from $ 1,076 in 2003 to $ 846 in 2011 , according to inflation-adjusted data from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners .
The average premium has edged up 2 % since then to an estimated $ 967 , according to trade group Insurance Information Institute . The increase is in part because Americans have gotten comfortable buying new cars again , and those cars are more expensive—and more costly to insure—than the ones they replaced .
Roads turned more dangerous this year as travel increased 3.5 % to a record 1.54 trillion miles through June , according to the Federal Highway Administration . Although population growth contributes to increased mileage , the number of miles Americans drove in recent years barely budged from a peak in 2007 . That 's despite the population growing by 6.6 % during the same period , according to a study by the Insurance Information Institute .
Meanwhile , gas prices plunged to their lowest level since 2010 , according to figures from the Federal Highway Administration and the American Automobile Association . In addition , the unemployment rate has fallen to 5.1 % , meaning more people are using their cars to get to work .
Motor-vehicle deaths are now expected to exceed 40,000 for the first time since 2007 , according to NSC . Distracted driving , especially the use of smartphones to talk , text , play games , or even watch videos while on the road , could be an overlooked contributor . One in four car crashes involves cellphone use , according to NSC estimates , even though most states have laws banning text-messaging and hand-held cellphone use while driving .
“ If cars are better—and they clearly are—drivers must be worse ”
…said Warren Buffett , CEO of Berkshire Hathaway . Given that mileage is up only around 3 % , Mr. Buffett said they found it hard to draw any other inference from the data than distracted driving to explain the much larger jump in fatalities this year .
2007 studio album by Amon Tobin
Foley Room is the sixth studio album by the Brazilian artist Amon Tobin . It was recorded in the Foley effects room at Ubisoft Montreal [ 2 ] and released on March 5 , 2007 , by Ninja Tune .
In the past , Tobin had created music through the sampling of old vinyl records . However , Foley Room is a marked departure from their traditional technique . Inspired by the Foley rooms where sound effects are recorded for films , Tobin decided to record and work with original samples for the record . According to the Ninja Tune website , `` Amon and a team of assistants headed out into the streets with high sensitivity microphones and recorded found sounds from tigers roaring to cats eating rats , neighbours singing in the bath to ants eating grass '' . [ 3 ] Tobin also called upon The Kronos Quartet , Stefan Schneider and Sarah Pagé to record samples for the record . [ 4 ]
“ There 's nothing new about field recordings of course . It 's obviously been the traditional source material in sampling since the early days , so I 'm really going `` back to school '' on this one . On the other hand , I always saw a divide between music that was based purely on sound design and tunes that were written to physically move people . A challenge for me has been to try and make 'tunes ' using aspects of sound design normally associated with highbrow academic studies in this area . I do n't know how successful I 've been but that was a goal anyway . ” — Amon Tobin , in their MySpace blog .
The first single , `` Bloodstone '' , was released on iTunes on January 9 , 2007 . The song was later released as a single proper on January 21 , 2007 , with `` Esther 's '' and the B-side `` Here Comes the Moon Man '' also included on the disc .
In promotion of the record , Ninja Tune released two YouTube `` trailers '' . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] A DVD documentary detailing the album 's recording process was released with the album .
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks written by Amon Tobin .
`` Bloodstone '' – 4:13 `` Esther 's '' – 3:21 `` Keep Your Distance '' – 4:48 `` The Killer 's Vanilla '' – 4:14 `` Kitchen Sink '' – 4:49 `` Horsefish '' – 5:07 `` Foley Room '' – 3:37 `` Big Furry Head '' – 3:22 `` Ever Falling '' – 3:49 `` Always '' – 3:39 `` Straight Psyche '' – 6:49 `` At the End of the Day '' – 3:18
Tardigrades . Never heard of them ? Me neither . But lateral/horizontal gene transfer , I 've heard of .
In the interest of full disclosure , I did not review the Boothby paper in PNAS . But I was asked to provide a comment for one of the two articles authored by Ed Yong . However , as I 'm just coming off maternity leave , I was unable to provide one in time due to a lack of bandwidth and sleep as well as a fear that I might be unfairly biased . As I told a colleague on November 24 , “ I thought their methodology was flawed and could n't put together [ even ] a coherent sentence as a comment . I think there is transfer but I think they severely overestimate it . I could be biased though by the fact they claim this is the largest , but [ I think ] my Drosophila has more extensive transfer . ”
Now having given it time and thought , I think I can summarize these two manuscripts objectively and coherently from the perspective of someone who has spent a great deal of time trying to assess the levels of lateral gene transfer in animal genomes . In the interest of making this more tractable , I am only going to focus on the claim of massive LGT , and not on any aspect related to functionality or other aspects of either manuscript . Since you can have massive LGT that is not functional , I am going to ignore all of the RNASeq and EST data , and conclusions derived from them . They are essentially irrelevant for establishing the claim of massive LGT .
First the Boothby manuscript and why I suspected a flawed methodology . The red flag came with the statement , “ our tardigrade cultures are fed algae , not bacteria , and although our algal cultures are not axenic , we would expect little to no bacterial contamination in our sequencing data. ” If they are not axenic , you can expect a great deal of bacterial contamination , talk to any microbiologist .
However , and despite this clear bias , the authors did perform several analyses to try to address this . The first was an examination of coverage , but the details are lacking . It is difficult to ascertain much from the figures referenced ( Figure S2 C and D ) and the focus is on the SD ( presumably standard deviation ) of the coverage , not the mean . The second piece of evidence is about bacterial rRNA genes . However , it is quite likely all of the bacterial rRNA sequences are collapsed into single contigs . This has plagued all bacterial genome sequence projects from the dawn of genome sequencing , except those with a single rRNA operon . The multiple rRNA operons collapse into a single repeat that does not typically assemble with the rest of the genome . Therefore , this analysis is actually largely uninformative . Third , it is mentioned that general contamination is minimal . For example , human sequences are not found . Dataset S1 is referenced , which appears to be annotation of contigs , and does not fully address human contamination . Given the size of the human genome and the amount of data generated , contaminating human sequences are unlikely to be assembled into any sizable contig . The true extent of human contamination should be assessed on the read level to be more accurate . Besides , bacterial and human contamination is like comparing apples and oranges ( heck , apples and oranges are at least both fruit ) .
The manuscript then moves to look at the phylogeny of these sequences , establishing they are truly of bacterial origin . There are over 380 pages of supplementary figures analyzing this . I 'm sure it was a tremendous amount of work , one that is often requested by reviewers , but it actually is just one aspect of LGT . Its unfortunate more space was n't devoted to the other aspects . This is followed by an analysis of domains , that finds genes of foreign origin contribute many unique protein domains . But this seems premature ; are these LGTs actually in the genome ?
To establish this the authors perform PCR to test physical linkage of gene pairs . They obtain PCRs for 104 of 107 randomly selected genes . However , it is n't reported how these genes were randomly selected . It is hard to truly be random and I suspect these represent the best 107 contigs , not random ones . But Kudos to the authors for actually providing images of the gels for all 107 amplifications . Yet , only roughly half ( 58 ) support lateral gene transfer since they are the only ones that bridge between the metazoan and foreign gene . The remaining 46 amplify from foreign gene to foreign gene , which can not exclude contamination . Furthermore there is a lack of specificity in numerous amplification reactions with products of different sizes . Frequently , the one of the correct size does n't even appear to be the most abundant product . However , a remarkable number do show strong amplification at the correct size for the proportion I checked . However , it is difficult to be confident of the correct size given the limited migration in the gels shown and the highlighted boxes that can distort perception . Combined , it could be easy to conclude that the region was amplified when it was not amplified specifically . The solution would have been to end sequence verify the PCR products to ensure the correct product was amplified . There is no indication this was undertaken .
PacBio sequencing was conducted to further support these LGTs . First , low coverage PacBio is not a great method for LGT validation since it has steps in library construction that makes it prone to chimeras . This is a known problem we have published on that is not yet widely appreciated . However , LGTs that are recovered in both the PacBio dataset and the Illumina dataset should be real as you would n't expect such random events to occur repeatedly across two platforms . One figure is shown in the manuscript that is used to demonstrate the congruity . Congruity is expected , whether or not these are real LGTS or not , since most of the sequence is from tardigrade . Furthermore the PacBio assembly is < 60 Mbp compared to the > 200 Mbp Illumina assembly . This means that only about a quarter of the data in the Illumina assembly is found in the PacBio assembly . Therefore , a lot of data is missing ; quite possibly these LGTs . If that was examined more closely , I could n't find where it was presented . However , it does not seem to support the hypothesis .
I 'm going to stop critiquing the Boothby manuscript at this point . I am curious to understand how Moleculo sequencing may or may not yield LGT-like sequences , as I make it a point to understand this for all the common sequencing platforms . I 'm disappointed given the claim at the lack of text about LGT in animals and references to the literature , including my own work . I wish all the points I 've raised here had been addressed in the review of this manuscript , but clearly some key points were overlooked for whatever reasons . Unfortunately , it happens . But I do feel the review system failed for these authors .
So that leaves the Koutsovoulos bioRxiv preprint , which has not been peer-reviewed and may have been put together quite rapidly . So Kudos to the authors ! I 'll try to give these authors the benefit of the doubt . For full disclosure though , that means trying to ignore the parenthetical jab at my own paper that really needs to be supported by either an argument or citation .
Largely , my concern here is genome cleansing . Genome cleansing by assembly experts , database curators , and scientists had led to the erroneous removal of LGT of genomes time and time again . It is clearly the largest cause of LGT under-estimation . Here , the authors use blobplots to identify contigs with abnormal GC content and coverage . These plots are then used to remove “ contaminant ” sequences through an iterative assembly process . The problem arises because this assumes that LGTs should have a similar composition to the host genome and similar coverage . This is true for LGTs that have been in the genome for large spans of time and are fixed in the population . However , in organisms that acquire LGTs frequently , you would expect to have LGTs of all ages , including those that have not acquired the compositional biases of the host DNA . You would also expect that they are not fixed in the population yielding abnormally low coverage distributions . ( Although I 'll note that in neither paper could I grasp if the population sequenced was inbred ) . We 've even demonstrated in both insects and nematodes that recent transfers from bacterial Wolbachia endosymbionts can be extensively duplicated , so you might even expect abnormally high coverage distributions . Essentially , these criteria are n't necessarily good at distinguishing contamination from LGT . In fact , even contigs with the same coverage and compositional biases may not be LGT . Therefore , the test employed also does not adequately test the hypothesis . Even setting that aside , a large number of Bacteroidetes sequences seem to have been removed through the process that had the same coverage and compositional bias , and this is n't explained or transparent .
So , is there LGT in the tardigrade genome ? Both papers suggest yes , it is the extent that is at question . I suspect that Boothby et al . applied criteria that are too liberal while Koutsovoulos et al . applied criteria that are too conservative . Reality may lie in the vast expanse between the two estimates . An analysis of the coverage of junction-spanning read pairs ( JSPRs ) may prove informative . Chimeras should occur randomly in a standard Illumina or PacBio run . Therefore , chimeras in the assembly will only be supported by a single pair of reads . Breaking regions of contigs supported by a single pair of reads and eliminating resulting contigs that lack a Metazoan may yield a better estimate of the true extent of LGT . Although it will still be an estimate .
So how can we know more definitively ? Ultimately , the experiment needs to be designed from the beginning to test that , minimizing contamination and using a strategy that minimizes artefactual chimeras . I 'm guessing neither group set out to examine LGT in the genome , so they ultimately did n't devise an experiment where it can establish well . PacBio sequencing to obtain a complete genome on a homozygous inbred line with validation of metazoan-bacterial junctions by amplification and subsequent end sequencing verification should answer the question . Making it a homozygous line reared as aseptically as possible would be even better , possibly using antibiotics for multiple generationsto remove bacterial contaminants .
Is that possible ? I do n't know ; what 's a tardigrade ? ( Actually , they seem fascinating and I 'm glad to have learned more about them ) .
A few other points . I 've seen criticism of the UNC authors ( Koutsovoulos et al . ) for not having their data already available at NCBI . There can be many reasons for this , not least of which is that genomes containing LGT typically take a long time to make it through the NCBI submission process . One of the steps is a “ contaminant ” screen that in effect removes all LGTs , whether they are real or not , whether they are experimentally validated or not . This needs to be remedied .
The UNC authors were also criticized for not comparing their genome to the genome from the Blaxter group . However , I think this was the right call . First , the Blaxter group should be given the first opportunity to publish any large genome comparisons . Second , the Blaxter group demonstrates the value in having them present the comparison because they understand how the genome was assembled . Too often scientists consider genomes to be static pieces of DNA that are unambiguous . Often , this is far from the case
UPDATE ( 12/7/15 ) : The UNC/Boothby data was posted online upon numerous requests http : //weatherby.genetics.utah.edu/seq_transf/between Nov. 30 and Dec. 4 . Also , the genes were picked using a random number generator as described in the supplementary information .
Nancy Verhelst , a 44-year-old woman disappointed by their female-to-male surgery , decided to die by euthanasia .
The story from Belgium was absolutely tragic . A 44-year-old woman disappointed by their female-to-male surgery decided to die by euthanasia , feeling that the surgery had left them a monster . But the story behind the story is even more tragic .
Of course , if we simply believed the glowing reports in the media , you would think that everyone who has sex-change surgery is perfectly happy with the results . In keeping with that mentality , there 's a new term we are supposed to use—namely , gender-realignment surgery . This replaces the previous new term , sex-reassignment surgery , which replaced the more graphic term , sex-change surgery .
And make no mistake about it : This is a radical surgery involving removing and changing perfectly healthy organs and body parts simply because the person is convinced in their or their mind that the parts should n't be there .
In the case of Belgian Nathan Verhelst , born Nancy Verhelst , they were allowed to die by lethal injection on the grounds of “ unbearable psychological suffering. ” ( It should be noted that one in 50 deaths in Belgium today is the result of euthanasia , but that 's yet another tragic story . )
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox ! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter .
As reported in Belgian news , Verhelst said after the surgery , “ I was ready to celebrate my new birth . But when I looked in the mirror , I was disgusted with myself .
“ My new breasts did not match my expectations and my new penis had symptoms of rejection . I do not want to be ... a monster . ”
All that is sad enough to read , but the story behind the story is worse still , pointing to the deeper issues involved in Verhelst 's life . Them mother rejected them from birth , having this to say after they received news of their daughter 's death : “ When I first saw ‘ Nancy , ' my dream was shattered . They were so ugly . I had a ghost birth . Them death does not bother me . ”
Have you read anything more cruel from a child 's own mother ?
They continue , “ For me , this chapter closed . Them death does not bother me . I feel no sorrow , no doubt or remorse . We never had a bond which could therefore not be broken . ”
And Nancy/Nathan struggled with this pain of rejection right until the time of their death , as the article reports : “ Hours before their [ sic ] death Mr. Verhelst had spoken of how , as a child , they ‘ was the girl that nobody wanted , ' describing how their mother had complained that she 'd wished he 'd been born a boy . ”
Does it take a psychologist to recognize that this was the real root of Verhelst 's problems ? That being rejected from birth by their own mother as “ so ugly ” and as a “ ghost birth ” and as not being the son their mother wanted was the real cause of their gender confusion ? ( I 'm not saying this is always the case , but it was obviously the case here . )
Walt Heyer is a man who lived through this himself , first with their grandmother dressing them up as girl when they were just a few years old ( and praising them for their looks after dressing them up ) , then some years later suffering repeated sexual abuse at the hands of another man .
advertisement
As a married man with children , Heyer concluded they really are a woman , going through years of hormone therapy and then having sex-change surgery and becoming Laura , an identity they kept for years , only to realize their deeper problems were never resolved . Not surprisingly , the sex-change doctor they saw also failed to explore Heyer 's other issues .
Eventually Heyer got off hormones , reversed what they could surgically and married another woman , launching the website SexChangeRegret.com . A report on the website today states , “ The Belgrade Center for Genital Reconstructive Surgery says that they have received 1,500 requests for reversal surgery. ” Why is that ?
Heyer 's website also links to a story from England last October , which says , “ ‘ I was born a boy , became a girl , and now I want to be a boy again ' : Britain 's youngest sex swap patient to reverse their sex change treatment . ”
It 's for reasons like these that the Johns Hopkins University hospital , under the leadership of the famed psychiatrist Dr. Paul McHugh , discontinued sex-change surgery years ago .
As McHugh observed ( speaking of male-to-female surgery ) , “ It is not obvious how this patient 's feeling that they are a woman trapped in a man 's body differs from the feeling of a patient with anorexia nervosa that they are obese despite their emaciated , cachectic state . We do n't do liposuction on anorexics . Why amputate the genitals of these poor men ? Surely , the fault is in the mind not the member . ”
Yet whenever I and others suggest that we should invest our energies in getting into the deeper issues troubling these individuals—whatever their age , helping them from the inside out—we are reviled as being hateful and insensitive .
As for McHugh , the university distinguished service professor of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins who also served on President George W. Bush 's presidential council on bioethics , they are reviled on transgender websites as being out of step with the times .
And if you wonder where all this is going , then just look at this news from Argentina : “ A six-year-old girl , who was born a boy , has become the first transgender child in Argentina to have their new name officially changed on their identity documents . ”
Six years old ! That 's a time when children can barely tell the difference between reality and fantasy , and yet this little boy , who identified as a girl since they started talking , is now legally ( but , of course , not biologically ) a girl .
What 's next ?
For believers , this much is clear : While having compassion on those who are struggling and pursuing divine strategies for their wholeness , we must celebrate male-female gender distinctions , recognizing the beauty and wisdom of Genesis 1:27 : “ So God created man in their own image ; in the image of God they created him ; male and female they created them . ”
Michael Brown is author of The Real Kosher Jesus and host of the nationally syndicated talk radio show The Line of Fire on the Salem Radio Network . They are also president of FIRE School of Ministry and director of the Coalition of Conscience . Follow them at AskDrBrown on Facebook or at @ drmichaellbrown on Twitter .
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox ! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter .
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019 ! # 1 John Eckhardt 's `` Prayers That ... '' 6-Book Bundle . Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you . Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle . # 2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit . Buy a set of Life in the Spirit , get a second set FREE .
See an error in this article ? Send us a correction
It was time for a nice Knott 's Berry Farm visit before the summer crowds… and what better day to visit Knott 's Berry Farm than the day GhostRider is soft opening minutes before the park closes ? In today 's update we 'll take a look around the park . Some ride operations , the finished repaint of Jaguar ! , the Ghost Town construction , and of course… the newly refurbished wonder-woodie… GHOSTRIDER !
– Recently our images have popped up on other sites and forums , awesome that our coverage spreads , not so awesome that no one mentioned where they got the images from . We are totally fine with our audience using our images , BUT ONLY IF credit is given to californiacoasterkings.com . Thank you ! –
Let 's start with Pony Express . Besides the fact that the second train has yet to return from a refurbishment , the ride was also closed . Pony Express will be closed through June 12th for a refurbishment . Silver Bullet on the other is finally back to two train operations and awesomely quickly moving lines ! The nearby coaster : Jaguar ! has been entirely repainted now . Including the turn over at the Sierra Sidewinder station . And these funky lift-hill supports ! ( This ride must have the funkiest supports on the West Coast… take a look next time you 're at the Farm ) . And then here are some more pictures of the completed repaint . ( Look at what the shadow of the track does to the look of the supports… trippy ) . The only Jaguar related thing that has n't been repainted is the cage around the track passing through Montezooma 's Revenge 's loop , which is still blue . The supports there though , are repainted . Over at the Timber Mountain Log Ride , some of the park 's Boardwalk games have been taken out and a new shaded seating area has been created ! Moving on to construction , this is the back of the new Stunt Show sets , which look slightly similar to the old sets . They 're complete as far as I know , as they seemed to be rehearsing for shows inside . More regarding the show some time next week ! Speaking of stages and shows , the new Ghost Town Alive ! stage will host a circus like show . Not many details have been released , but we 'll share once we know more . Meanwhile let 's look at the construction progress being made ! There 's a bit more facade work being added to the side here ; But in general , the stage is HUGE . Absolutely gigantic . I ca n't wait to see the finished product . The lighting ( structure ) is currently going up , which is huge as well ! The sound and light booths are currently being constructed as well . One directly across from the stage . And the other over at the train tracks . Here 's the site of the previous Calico Stage , the stage has been taken out , so has the water tower control booth across from it , and the site is currently surrounded by construction walls . Behind these walls a park will be created , to suit Ghost Town and the train station across from it . Which should be a relaxed and fun place to hang out at . Here 's a few from the Silver Bullet station , not much has been done inside , yet . But let 's now move on to the most exciting thing of the day… THE BEST IN THE WEST is back baby ! GhostRider ! The new Pan for Gold attraction opened a few weeks ago , as you may remember from one of our updates . Right next to which the new line and fence are next to the pre-lift of GhostRider ! In this picture you 'll see lots of fresh wood , but with the giant woodie in the back it really makes for an awesome looking area . The GhostRider gift shop has also reopened by the way ! But let 's quickly discuss the amazingness we call GhostRider . ( Well , as of today , with the new trains and track , you know ? ) . GhostRider unexpectedly held a soft opening some 40 minutes before the park closed , and it was just heavenly ! There may be more soft openings this weekend and next week , the ride officially ( re ) opens to the public on June 11th . GhostRider 's new Millennium Flyer trains have firm seating rather than very soft seating , creating a bit of a different seating experience than the other Millennium Flyer trains . But these trains snake through the ride 's course like no other ! And at a wonderful speed ! Without the MCBR and with a lot less friction , the ride is a lot faster and a lot more airtime-filled . Unlike the speed , the banking has hardly been changed , creating for some unbelievably awesome and forceful lateral movements . Which become increasingly more apparent with the final helix being absolutely insane . All while being butter smooth . This is the way GhostRider was meant to be ! We 'll have more GhostRider related posts this upcoming week ! And we happened to be the first guests to experience the new GhostRider , and to our surprise the cameras worked too during the soft opening ! Here 's the picture of ( left to right top to bottom ) Braedon from CoasterForce , Sean , Randy from the FUNnelcake Blog , and bottom right , me ! ( Sean from California Coaster Kings , in case you forgot what site you were on 😛 ) – Overall we had a great time , rode the front and the back.The back being more intense , especially the second half of the ride . The front being more airtime filled and throws you around more on several hills and lateral elements . Wherever you 're seated… it 's just awesome !
Thank you for checking out this Knott 's Berry Farm Update ! We 'll be back with a lot more Knott 's Berry Farm , GhostRider , and Ghost Town Alive in a few days ! Meanwhile check out some of our new updates , such as the Six Flags Discovery Kingdom Update from the same day , or the Six Flags Magic Mountain Update and our Python Plunge/Hurricane Harbor Update !
MORE AWESOMENESS : We also went live with a bunch of cool The Joker articles , as the newest coaster in California has now opened to the public ! Read our following detailed works :
Leave a comment and make sure to follow us on our social media for exclusive coverage ! Facebook–Twitter–Instagram
Check out our Pulsar review on our European Coaster Kings site !
TRENTON — About 45 environmental activists on Thursday staged a Statehouse protest against the settlement between Gov . Chris Christie 's administration and ExxonMobil and in favor of a constitutional amendment that would dictate how money would be spent in similar environmental litigation settlements .
The measure ( SCR163/ACR230 ) , if approved , would put a motion on the ballot for voters to choose whether they would want to dedicate all money from environmental damage settlements to `` repair damage to , restore , or permanently protect the State 's natural resources . ''
A bill with the same intention was vetoed by Christie following their administration 's $ 225 million settlement with ExxonMobil for polluting at two New Jersey refinery sites , the Bayonne and Bayway facilities . Lawmakers introduced the constitutional amendments to bypass the governor 's approval and put it on the ballot for the voters to decide .
`` Monies from environmental litigation should go to the communities and environmental groups that have been affected , '' said Jeff Tittel , director of the New Jersey Sierra Club . `` Stop stealing the people 's money and send it to where it belongs . ''
The agreement , which took a decade of litigation , also cleared ExxonMobil 's liability in pollution at 16 other industrial sites and hundreds of gas stations throughout the state . State officials initially claimed the oil company caused $ 8.9 billion in damages , but both parties settled out of court in March for the million-dollar figure before a judge ruled on the case . The settlement also included cleanup at the two sites .
`` This state is so dirty and we know it , '' said Terry Stimpfel , a volunteer with the Sierra Club who attended the rally .
The settlement has been the subject of a 60 day comment period , longer than the legally required 30 days , which ends June 5 . It 's up to state Superior Court Judge Michael Hogan to approve the settlement . The protesters urged them to not do so .
`` All in all , this settlement stinks , '' said Sen. Raymond Lesniak ( D-Union ) .
The state Senate has passed a resolution condemning the settlement . The resolution is only a strong recommendation from the Senate and does n't require Hogan from ruling one way or the other .
Christie administration officials have defended the settlement , saying it is the `` single largest environmental settlement with a corporate defendant in New Jersey . ''
`` The notion that this settlement represents something less than what is fair for New Jerseyans is absurd and baseless , '' Kevin Roberts , a spokesperson for Christie , said in March .
Sara Jerde may be reached at sjerde @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ SaraJerde . Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook .
But Mr Camping said that they had now realised the apocalypse would come five months after May 21 , the original date they predicted . They had earlier said October 21 was when the globe would be consumed by a fireball . It 's not the first time the independent Christian radio host has been forced to explain when their prediction did not come to pass . They also predicted the apocalypse would come in 1994 , but said it did not happen then because of a mathematical error . Rather than give their normal daily broadcast on Monday , Mr Camping made a special statement before the press at the Oakland headquarters of the media empire that has broadcast their message . Their show , Open Forum , has for months headlined their doomsday message via the group 's radio stations , TV channels , satellite broadcasts and website . When the Rapture did not arrive on Saturday , crestfallen followers began turning their attention to more earthly concerns .
Jeff Hopkins had figured the petrol money they spent driving back and forth from Long Island to New York City would be worth it , as long as people could see the ominous sign atop their car warning that the end of the world was nigh . `` I 've been mocked and scoffed and cursed at and I 've been through a lot with this lighted sign on top of my car , '' said Mr Hopkins , 52 , a former television producer who lives in Great River , New York . `` I was doing what I 've been instructed to do through the Bible , but now I 've been stymied . It 's like getting slapped in the face . '' Apocalyptic thinking has always been part of American religious life and popular culture . Teachings about the end of the world vary dramatically - even within faith traditions - about how they will occur . Still , the overwhelming majority of Christians reject the idea that the exact date or time of Jesus Christ 's return can be predicted .
Tim LaHaye , co-author of the best-selling Left Behind novels about the end times , recently called Mr Camping 's prediction `` not only bizarre but 100 per cent wrong ! '' They cited the biblical verse Matthew 24:36 , `` but about that day or hour no one knows '' except God . `` While it may be in the near future , many signs of our times certainly indicate so , but anyone who thinks they know the day and the hour is flat out wrong , '' they wrote on their website , leftbehind.com . Loading In 2009 , the nonprofit Family Radio reported in IRS filings that it received $ US18.3 million in donations , and had assets of more than $ US104 million , including $ US34 million in stocks or other publicly traded securities .
AP
tech2 News Staff
Microsoft Devices in India have launched three new phones in India : the Lumia 830 , the dual-SIM Lumia 730 and the Lumia 930 . The Lumia 830 is priced at Rs 28,799 and will go on sale in India from 8 October . The dual-SIM Lumia 730 is priced at Rs 15,299 and will go on sale on 6 October , while the Lumia 930 will go on sale on 15 October at Rs 38,649 .
All the three devices will come with an additional 1TB of free space on Microsoft 's OneDrive . This will be provided free of cost for the first six months , and then chargeable at the rate of Rs 125 per month . In addition to this free space , all devices run the Windows Phone 8.1 OS with the Lumia Denim Update , which offers features such as Cortana for India users ( Cortana is the Nokia personal-assistant like Siri ) , Live folders , Apps Corner , and SMS merge and forwarding which lets users select individual text messages to either delete or copy- paste into a new message .
Here 's a quick look at the features of the latest Lumia smartphones :
Lumia 830 : This one is a phablet with a 5-inch screen with ClearBlack display , and the screen resolution is 720p . This provides a pixel density of 296 ppi . The Lumia 830 has an HD screen and comes with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 to prevent scratches and breaks due to minor falls .
The processor is a quad-core Snapdragon 400 clocked at 1.2GHz . There 's 1 GB RAM , while the phone provides 16 GB of storage . The smartphone supports a microSD card which allows expansion up to 128 GB . In addition to this , Microsoft is offering free cloud storage worth 15 GB .
There 's a 10MP main camera with 4K recording capability . This is a PureView camera with ZEISS optics , and has Optical Image Stabilization ( OIS ) . Disappointingly , the front camera is a paltry 0.9 MP with 720p recording capability . It has a 2200mAh battery with wireless charging support and according to Microsoft , the maximum talk time ( 3G ) is 14.8hours which sounds pretty impressive . Lumia 830 will come in Bright Orange , White and Black .
Lumia 730 Dual-SIM : This smartphone aimed at selfie-lovers has a 4.7-inch screen with 720 p resolution Corning Gorilla Glass 3 , and pixel density of 316 ppi .
The smartphone has a 5MP front camera with support for full HD recording and has wide angle lens . There 's a 6.7 MP rear camera , with 4x Digital zoom , and LED flash . The processor is a Snapdragon 400 , quad-core clocked at 1.2GHz . The smartphone has 1 GB RAM , 8GB storage space and supports microSD with 128GB as the limit . Like the 830 , there 's also free cloud storage space of 15 GB .
The battery is 2220 mAh and Microsoft is promising 17 hours talktime on 3G on this device . This smartphone does not support wireless charging .
Lumia 730 will come in Green , Orange , Dark Grey , and White .
Lumia 930 : Lumia 930 has a full HD , 5-inch screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 and a screen resolution of 441 ppi . The phone is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 which is clocked at 2.2 GHz . It has 2 GB RAM and 32 GB total memory space , but no support for any extra storage . Despite being the priciest of the three , it only comes with 7 GB of free space on OneDrive . However , Microsoft provides six months of free 1TB storage on OneDrive , which will later be charged at Rs 125 per month .
This smartphone has a 20MP PureView camera with 2x digital zoom and Dual-LED flash . The front camera is 1.2 MP wide angle lens with a resolution of 1280 x 960 pixels . The battery capacity is 2420mAh , which Microsoft claims can provide 17.9 hours of talktime on a 3G network .
The Lumia 930 will come in Bright Orange , Black and White colours .
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp . For all the buzz on the latest tech and science , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
The US Postal Service 's Board of Governors which has had a strong tendency to rubber-stamp management 's plans , has been operating without a quorum . Board member terms are staggered and Obama served up a slate of nominees in March . I 've attached a letter at the end of this post from The Leadership Conference to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid urging them to reject Obama 's set of five nominees in their entirety . In other words , they are telling Obama to start from scratch .
The letter singles out two particularly troubling candidates . One is Mickey Bennett , who has been a lobbyist for the payday lending industry . One proposal to fix the Postal Sevice 's trumped-up budget problems would be to offer low-cost financial services at bank branches . Needless to say , that 's the last thing the predatory payday lending industry would like to see . Separately , anyone who has worked in or served as a lobbyist for industries know to engage in widespread abuses , like payday lending and debt collection , should be deemed to be unfit for government service of any sort unless they 've become whistleblowers .
Another nominee , James Miller , has advocated privatizing the Postal Service since their time at the Office of Management and Budget , back in the 1980s . They remain fixated on this idea , despite ample evidence that privatization leads to higher costs and worse service . Of course , I 'm charitably assuming that Miller is actually interested in producing better results for the public , as opposed to a big looting opportunity for corporate interests .
Note that we were onto this issue early , and cross-posted an article from Angry Bear on the board nominees by former postmaster Mark Jamison on the heels of the nomination . I suggest you read the piece in full ; it flags the considerable problems with Postal Service oversight and the Obama nominees . From their post :
The current version of the BOG has operated without a quorum for several months…In the best of times the BOG is reliant upon — if not captured by — senior postal management . At the moment that is doubly true . The BOG has no independent staff or advisors , only a secretary who is a postal employee . The BOG has no independent legal counsel , which certainly became an issue during both theKessler and Bernstock affairs when the advice and conduct of USPS General Counsel Mary Anne Gibbons was called into question . Considering that the BOG is a government entity , it is strangely reticent , secretive , and isolated . The Board does not request or commission independent studies . It does not typically meet with mailers , labor organizations , or stakeholders . It does not issue policy statements ( aside from Postal Service publications ) . It does not publicly discuss its responsibilities to universal service or articulate its vision for the national post . Minutes of the BOG 's meetings indicate that occasionally members dissent on votes , but individuals are not identified , and the press releases from the Postal Service merely indicate that a majority of the Board has voted for something , like a rate increase… President Obama 's latest nominations to the BOG will do little to improve things . They represent a betrayal of infrastructure , they insult workers , and they ignore the millions of Americans who rely on the postal network… . On the whole President Obama 's nominations are at best disappointing and , as in the case of Mr. Miller , an insult to postal customers and postal workers . The law requires that appointees be equally divided between the political parties so the nomination of a political empty suit like Barnett may be a fact of life . Surely , however , the President could have found someone who is less of a dyed-in-the-wool Reaganite and ideologue than Mr. Miller . Mr. Shapira and Mr. Bennett appear to have been selected as a matter of political payback . They are a reflection of a system that treats public service as a revolving door for political and economic elites . This leaves a permanent imprint of the one percent on government and may be one of the primary reasons for cynicism in the electorate .
Jamison runs through the background of all the candidates , and it makes for an informative , if depressing , read .
I urge you to call or write your Senators to support The Leadership Conference 's opposition to the Postal Service 's board nominees . It 's best to add a reason , for instance , that you want to see a stronger postal service providing more services to the public , particularly in rural areas , where they are anchors for small communities ; that you are in favor of a Post Office bank , particularly since big banks are creating more and more “ unbanked ” consumers ; that low-cost delivery services are important for citizens and commerce , and privatization is guaranteed to put an end to that .
You can find the contact information for your Senators here . Thanks again for your efforts .
Leadership-Conference-Letter-Postal-Board-Nominees
Leadership-Conference-Letter-Postal-Board-Nominees
The mother of an 18-year-old Minneapolis student on Thursday vigorously defended their daughter after the teen was charged with punching the principal of Harrison Education Center in the face and giving them a concussion .
Melody Dunigan said Principal Monica Fabre provoked their daughter , Lashawnte Bright , during the Dec. 7 confrontation . Fabre grabbed their daughter 's coat and purse while ordering them out of the school , Dunigan said .
The principal `` knew that would set them off , '' Dunigan said in an interview with the Star Tribune . `` I feel like they provoked my daughter . Lashawnte is n't a perfect kid , but who is ? ''
In response , Fabre said , `` I did not touch this child at any time . I did not lay one finger on that child . '' The principal , who is still recovering from their injuries and remains off-duty , added that there is video of the incident that supports them actions .
The school in north Minneapolis is geared to kids with severe emotional or behavioral disorders .
District officials were not available for immediate comment . Previously , they have said they are prevented by federal privacy restrictions from commenting on incidents involving students and staff members .
The mother acknowledged that Bright , who receives treatment for emotional challenges , has been suspended from school at least three times , once for 10 days .
Dunigan added that she 's sorry that their daughter injured Fabre , adding , `` I do n't condone Lashawnte doing that . I put my foot down on that . ''
At the same time , they continued , `` There were plenty of times I reached out to this person '' regarding their daughter 's behavior but had difficulty reaching Fabre .
`` Where are you ? '' Dunigan said . `` She 's always in a meeting . … ''
Dunigan said she 's suspicious that the Hennepin County attorney 's office waited until their daughter 's 18th birthday to announce the charges . Bright was charged on Tuesday , the day before their 18th birthday , in a juvenile petition with felony third-degree assault and gross-misdemeanor fourth-degree assault of a school official .
`` Her name is being dragged through the mud , '' Dunigan said . The county attorney 's office declined to respond to the mother 's comments .
On Wednesday , the day they announced the charges against Bright , County Attorney Mike Freeman said , `` We ca n't have situations where principals and staff and teachers are being assaulted . We can not accept disrespect and violence . ''
A rash of incidents
The case involving Bright and the principal is one of three instances of students assaulting staff members at Harrison in the past month or so . There also was another attack of a teacher in November at the district 's River Bend Education Center , a K-8 alternative school , that sent the instructor to the hospital . That student was a 13-year-old girl .
Last week , district leaders called a news conference at Harrison to reassure the public that they were doing all they could to ensure a safe atmosphere at the school .
Earlier , on the day of the media briefing , a teacher was assaulted . Prosecutors have charged a 14-year-old boy in that case as a juvenile , but `` that is all we can say about it because of their age , '' said Chuck Laszewski , spokesperson for the county attorney 's office .
In an assault on Dec. 8 on a Harrison paraprofessional , an 18-year-old student was cited by police , and the case is under review by the city attorney 's office for possible misdemeanor charges . There 's been no word from authorities on whether the River Bend incident has yielded charges .
Metro-area schools have been struggling with the issue of violence toward teachers for several months . In St. Paul , after a Central High teacher was choked into unconsciousness by a student on Dec. 4 , Superintendent Valeria Silva began instituting corrective measures . They have reassigned administrators to spend part of their day at sites where fighting-related suspensions have surged .
Assault on student alleged
Police also have received at least one report of a teacher attacking a student . On Tuesday , Dana Lind , 40 , reported to police that a River Bend staffer assaulted their 12-year-old son on Monday .
Lind said that when their son got locked out of their classroom , another student went to let them in and that 's when the teacher threw their son up against the wall , giving them a knot on the back of their head . Lind received a call from a social worker at the school and the principal , they said .
The district , in response , said it put Quitman Kyles , a special-ed assistant , on administrative leave while it conducts an internal investigation .
`` These kids are going to these schools for a reason , because they [ have ] special needs , '' Lind said . `` They get there and are getting abused . ''
Staff writer Beatrice Dupuy contributed to this report .
WARNING : This article contains images that are graphic in nature .
A number of Edmonton residents are coming forward , reporting their pets have been attacked by a beaver in Terwillegar Dog Park .
Zachary Cole told Global News their wife was at the park Thursday at around 7 p.m. with their English Setter Arty and Golden Retriever Wall-E .
“ As they were approaching the pond , they heard Arty yelp and come running back up and was bleeding , ” Cole said . “ She heard a tail slap and then at that point , kind of panicked and started yelling and ran down to the water and Wall-E , I believe the beaver actually had a hold of Wall-E 's leg . ”
They said one of the dogs ran to them The other , they had to rush into the water to save . Cole said they actually saw the beaver clamped onto the dog near their leg .
Both dogs suffered cuts and had to undergo surgery .
“ Wall-E actually fared a little bit better , ” Cole said . “ He had four puncture wounds ; two of the wounds required stitches , they were a little bit deeper . The other two are just open and draining . ”
Arty 's injuries were a bit more serious .
“ He had actually a chunk out of their lower abdomen , closer to their belly , which required a little bit more invasive surgery . They were heavily sedated , required internal stitching . ”
READ MORE : Edmonton family traumatized after pet Chihuahua attacked and killed by off-leash dog
While the in the waiting room , Cole and their wife met another dog owner whose pet was also attacked by a beaver in the same park at around the same time .
“ Another dog that was at the park as well was attacked and last we saw , when we left at one o'clock in the morning from the vet , they were not in great condition either , ” Cole said .
Andrea MacGillivray told Global News their dog was also attacked by a beaver at Terwillegar Dog Park Thursday night and shared these photos . Other people have since contacted Global News sharing their own run-ins with beavers at the Edmonton park .
Cole wants the city to put up signs in the area to at least warn owners of the danger .
“ The wildlife , they 're entitled to use that habitat as much as anybody else , ” they said . “ But I think the huge thing is just getting the awareness… to just know that when they go to the park , to be aware of that and to try and keep their dogs away from those areas . ”
READ MORE : Family says dog badly injured in northern Alberta cougar attack
“ You 're enjoying the park , having a nice walk , watching your dogs playing with other dogs…You need to be aware . I do n't want this to happen to anybody else , ” Cole said .
The city said it was unaware of the incident between Cole 's dogs and the beaver . However , Cole 's wife says they did call 311 to report it .
The city said , in the past , it has taken measures like adding signs , closing off areas temporarily and , in some cases , removing beavers , after complaints of aggressive behaviour .
We all know that Star Wars : The Clone Wars has always been chronologically set during the three-year time period between the Star Wars prequel films Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith . To be more specific , 22–19 BBY on the Galactic Standard Calendar ( where BBY means Before the Battle of Yavin , and ABY stands for After the Battle of Yavi ) . But the episodes did n't take place ( ie air ) in chronological order . Now that the series is complete , LucasFilm has released an official cannon Clone Wars Chronological episode order listing which includes the series ' 121 episodes and the feature-length film .
I have yet to watch Clone Wars outside of the movie and a few first season episodes . A lot of friends tell me that it gets really good during the second season , and now that this new listing has been released , I might just try to find the time to watch the show in this order released by StarWars.com :
Star Wars : The Clone Wars Chronological Episode Order List
Air # Title 1 216 Cat and Mouse 2 116 Hidden Enemy T The Clone Wars theatrical release 3 301 Clone Cadets 4 303 Supply Lines 5 101 Ambush 6 102 Rising Malevolence 7 103 Shadow of Malevolence 8 104 Destroy Malevolence 9 105 Rookies 10 106 Downfall of a Droid 11 107 Duels of the Droids 12 108 Bombad Jedi 13 109 Cloak of Darkness 14 110 Lairs of Grievous 15 111 Dooku Captured 16 112 The Gungan General 17 113 Jedi Crash 18 114 Defenders of Peace 19 115 Trespass 20 117 Blue Shadow Virus 21 118 Mystery of a Thousand Moons 22 119 Storm over Ryloth 23 120 Innocents of Ryloth 24 121 Liberty on Ryloth 25 201 Holocron Heist 26 202 Cargo of Doom 27 203 Children of the Force 28 217 Bounty Hunters 29 218 The Zillo Beast 30 219 The Zillo Beast Strikes Back 31 204 Senate Spy 32 205 Landing at Point Rain 33 206 Weapons Factory 34 207 Legacy of Terror 35 208 Brain Invaders 36 209 Grievous Intrigue 37 210 The Deserter 38 211 Lightsaber Lost 39 212 The Mandalore Plot 40 213 Voyages of Temptation 41 214 Duchesses of Mandalore 42 220 Death Trap 43 221 R2 Come Home 44 222 Lethal Trackdown 45 305 Corruption 46 306 The Academy 47 307 Assassin 48 302 ARC Troopers 49 304 Sphere of Influence 50 308 Evil Plans 51 122 Hostages Crisis 52 309 Hunt for Ziro 53 310 Heroes on Both Side 54 311 Pursuit of Peace 55 215 Senate Murders 56 312 Nightsisters 57 313 Monster 58 314 Witches of the Mist 59 315 Overlords 60 316 Altars of Mortis 61 317 Ghosts of Mortis 62 318 The Citadel 63 319 Counter Attack 64 320 Citadel Rescue 65 321 Padawan Lost 66 322 Wookiee Hunt 67 401 Water War 68 402 Gungan Attack 69 403 Prisoners 70 404 Shadow Warrior 71 405 Mercy Mission 72 406 Nomad Droids 73 407 Darkness on Umbara 74 408 The General 75 409 Plans of Dissent 76 410 Carnage of Krell 77 411 Kidnapped 78 412 Slaves of the Republic 79 413 Escape from Kadavo 80 414 A Friend In Need 81 415 Deception 82 416 Friends and Enemies 83 417 The Box 84 418 Crisis on Naboo 85 419 Massacre 86 420 Bounty 87 421 Brothers 88 422 Revenge 89 502 A War on Two Fronts 90 503 Front Runners 91 504 The Soft War 92 505 Tipping Points 93 506 The Gathering 94 507 A Test of Strength 95 508 Bound for Rescue 96 509 A Necessary Bond 97 510 Secret Weapons 98 511 A Sunny Day in the Void 99 512 Missing in Action 100 513 Point of No Return 101 501 Revival 102 514 Eminence 103 515 Shades of Reason 104 516 The Lawless 105 517 Sabotage 106 518 The Jedi Who Knew Too Much 107 519 To Catch a Jedi 108 520 The Wrong Jedi 109 601 The Unknown 110 602 Conspiracy 111 603 Fugitive 112 604 Orders 113 605 An Old Friend 114 606 The Rise of Clovis 115 607 Crisis at the Heart 116 608 The Disappeared 117 609 The Disappeared : Pt . II 118 610 The Lost One 119 611 Voices 120 612 Destiny 121 613 Sacrifice
So is Donald Trump going to turn out to be the agent of change in Washington that so many are hoping they will be ? After a closed-door meeting with House Republicans on Thursday , Vice President-elect Mike Pence emerged to announce to reporters that the Trump administration is going to aggressively `` move an agenda '' and is preparing congress to `` buckle up '' for some immediate action .
According to House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) , Pence was right at home in their meeting with House Republicans , with whom they formerly served when they were a member of congress from 2000-2010 , acting as the House Republican conference chair in their final two years . According to reports , many of the members of congress in attendance were encouraged by what they heard .
Following the private meeting , Pence told reporters that the Trump administration plans to focus a lot of energy on the military and the economy . A few of the meeting 's attendees told Bloomberg that Pence cited several specific areas in which President Trump was going to make big changes , among them Obamacare , tax policy , and the reversal of `` many '' of President Obama 's executive orders .
`` Donald Trump is a man of action and we 're counting on you , '' Pence told the members of congress , according to Kevin Brady ( R-TX ) , the Ways and Means Chairman . Though Brady said Pence mentioned tax reform and Obamacare , Bloomberg notes that they `` did n't get into specifics . ''
Rep. Chris Collins ( R-NY ) , the congressional liaison to Trump 's transition team , said that Pence asserted that a key priority for Trump is examining Obama 's executive actions with the intent of nullifying `` many '' of them . `` We applaud that , '' said Collins . `` He will be reversing many of them . ''
Pence made clear that Trump wanted to work closely with members of Congress , and even asked for leads on strong candidates for some positions in the administration . According to Rep. Lou Barletta ( R-PA ) , Pence did not mention building the wall on the southern border .
Pence ended the meeting by asking them to `` [ p ] ray for the president , pray for their family , pray for our conference , and pray for the country , '' said Rep. Dave Reichert ( R-WA ) .
Pence was scheduled to meet with Democrat congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) and Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) later Thursday .
Pence has hit the ground running as VP-elect , one of their first actions being to purge all lobbyists from Trump 's transition team . Their familiarity with Capitol Hill demonstrates why Trump selected them in the first place : to be the mediator between themselves and the political establishment they ran their campaign against .
Young Ex-Tory Member Tells LBC The Party `` Now Needs To Die ''
Alex joined the Conservative Party at 16 and quit just two years later . Now aged 24 , they tell LBC why they think the party “ needs to die ” .
The caller told Iain Dale the Tories no longer “ stand for anything ” and it “ has n't produced an innovative policy in an incredibly long time ” .
They were speaking as it was reported Philip Hammond is planning a Budget raid on older workers to pay for tax breaks for younger people .
It 's understood the Chancellor is looking at way to link tax to age to promote “ intergenerational fairness ” in next month 's Budget .
However , Alex said Mr Hammond 's move was not for the “ benefit of the country ” , but instead because they “ wants to do it for themselves because their party is losing ground to Labour ” .
“ I think the Conservative Party nowadays is entirely about maintaining the status quo , ” they told Iain .
Alex said they are no longer affiliated with any political party .
They added : “ Looking at the Tories , look at Labour , the Lib Dems - there are no good choices .
“ All of the parties are totally old fashioned and there 's far too much tribalism . ”
DUBLIN WAS HOME to Europe 's fastest growing major airport in the first half of the year , according to a new report .
Data from ACI Europe , the trade association for European airports , shows that passenger numbers at Dublin Airport increased by 13.4 % in the first six months of 2016 .
This makes Dublin the leading performer among top-tier European airports that have more than 25 million passengers per year .
Passenger numbers at the hub hit a record 25 million in 2015 , beating the previous record of 23 million set in 2008 .
During the period , traffic at Dublin Airport grew faster than its nearest rivals , including Barcelona 's El-Prat Airport , up 13 % , Istanbul 's Sabiha Gokcen International Airport , up 12 % , and Copenhagen Airport , up 11 % .
Non-EU slowdown
According to the ACI Europe report , which evaluates over 215 airports , the average growth across European airports was about 5 % in the first half of the year , with airports in the European Union reporting stronger average passenger growth of 6.2 % .
Traffic at non-EU airports within Europe was almost flat in the first half of the year , growing by just 0.5 % .
ACI Europe director General Olivier Jankovec said that the slowdown in growth at non-EU airports is expected to continue for the rest of the year .
“ EU airports are also likely to see a continued softening of passenger traffic on the back of lower consumer confidence fuelled by terrorism and the decision of the UK to leave the EU , ” they said .
However , they added that low oil prices have decreased costs for airlines , helping them to expand .
Dublin expansion
Dublin Airport managing director Vincent Harrison said that Dublin Airport had a strong performance in the first half of the year , with over 13 million people passing through , up by about 1.5 million compared to the same period in 2015 .
An Aer Lingus aircraft at Dublin airport . Source : PA Archive/Press Association Images
“ The growth in passenger numbers at Dublin Airport is having a significant impact on the Irish economy , bringing increased trade and investment and also driving higher visitor numbers , which is in turn boosting the Irish tourism industry , ” they said .
Management at the airport said that they were continuing to invest in the facility to meet the growing demand .
The airport recently completed a €14 million expansion to its terminal two multi-storey car park . A €10 million upgrade to terminal one is currently underway and 10 new aircraft parking stands came into use earlier this year as part of a €20 million upgrade project .
Second runway
Most significantly , the airport is planning to build a second runway to cope with the expected surge in passengers .
The state-owned daa , which manages operations at the airport , is investing €320 million into the new 3.1km runway .
Serious work on the project is expected to start in 2017 and it is hoped that the project will be completed by 2020 .
Yesterday the DAA launched the formal tender process for the core work on the new runway . The winner of the contract is expected to be announced next spring .
Written by Paul O'Donoghue and posted on Fora.ie
Mother of one called Syrian bombing operation the 'hot topic ' of the week
'to hurry up ' because of dust storms in coming weeks
A glamorous Russian TV weather girl has informed viewers that Vladimir Putin chose the 'perfect ' weather for their bombing campaign in Syria .
Ekaterina Grigorova , 34 , used a three-minute slot on Rossiya 24 to say that while there may be some cloud or dust storms , the conditions were 'ideal for performing combat flights ' .
But because of dust storms in the coming weeks , they warned it was vital not to delay hitting targets in Syria .
'The weather itself urges us to hurry up ' , they said , standing in front of a screen showing a Russian fighter jet .
Scroll down for video
'Good month for flying ' : Russian weather girl Ekaterina Grigorova tells viewers on TV station Rossiya 24 that Vladimir Putin chose the 'perfect ' weather conditions for their bombing campaign in Syria
Russian jets have launched dozens of air strikes since Wednesday against targets Moscow has identified as bases of the Islamic State , but which President Bashar al-Assad 's opponents say disproportionately hit foreign-backed insurgents .
Grigorova , a mother of one , called the Syrian bombing operation – deeply controversial in the West – the 'hot topic ' of the week .
'The operation of Russian aerospace forces goes on in Syria . The experts say the perfect timescale was chosen for it , especially in terms of the weather conditions , ' they said .
'In general , October is the good month for flying in Syria .
'The average wind speed is two to four metres per second and only once in the month might the wind go as strong as 15 metres per second . '
They spoke in front of a graphic showing temperatures expected in Syria for October with an average temperature of 21C and a maximum of 37C .
Maximum rainfall should be 7mm , and the number of cloudy days just three , while wind speed should not exceed 15 metres per second , they added .
'Usually , it rains once in ten days but the most intensive showers – up to 18mm – are in the north of the country , right where the operation of the Russian forces is taking place . '
A frame grab taken from a video footage made available by the Russian Defence Ministry shows bomb explosions at the site of what Moscow says was an Islamic State ammunition depot after a strike carried out by warplanes near Talbiseh in Homs province , northwestern Syria
According to information released by the Russian Defence Ministry , Kremlin warplanes located at the Syrian Hmeymim airbase carried out 20 sorties against Islamic State facilities in the past 24 hours
They explained to their audience : 'It can not seriously affect the bombing .
'All is fine with the air temperatures too . The critical for flying temperatures start at +35C , but it is a rare case in Syria in October . '
Still , they made clear that Russian commanders should watch out for the impact of autumn .
'The number of cloudy days dramatically rises – from two to 13 and dust storms are not that rare .
'But this not quite transparent atmosphere should not be a serious obstacle for the operation .
'The clouds here are 4km to 10km higher than the surface at this time of year .
'Scarcely , one cloud can be seen here just 1km above the ground , but they wo n't influence the targeting and operations systems of the planes .
'In such meteorological conditions , the planes can dive into the clouds and perform effective attacks at the targets on the ground , ' they added .
A Russian SU-24M fighter jet armed with laser-guided bombs takes off from a runaway at Hmeimim airbase in Syria . Russian jets have launched air strikes against targets Moscow has identified as bases of the Islamic State , but which President Bashar al-Assad 's opponents say disproportionately hit foreign-backed insurgents
Russian military support crew attach a satellite guided bomb to SU-34 jet fighter at Hmeimim airbase in Syria
A Russian army pilot poses at a cockpit of SU-25M jet fighter at Hmeimim airbase in Syria . Russia has insisted that the airstrikes that began Wednesday are targeting the Islamic State group and Al Qaeda 's Syrian affiliates , but at least some of the strikes appear to have hit Western-backed rebel factions
'It looks like that only dust storms may make harder the assignments of the Russia air force .
'Dust in the air can dissolve the laser beams which are used by some targeting systems .
'The American military faced this problem during its operations in the Persian Gulf area .
'Several squadrons of M-16 planes had to return back to their bases without using their missiles and bombs .
'But as we said before , dust storms in Syria in October are not that frequent , in other words there are all chances to finish the operation within a short period of time .
'The weather itself urges us to hurry up . '
Them broadcast was made on Saturday . For today – Monday – they said : 'There will be more clouds and it is due to the approaching atmospheric front .
'On Tuesday , the first showers are possible locally , but on Wednesday there will be heavy showers with thunderstorms .
'By Friday , the situation will be stable again and further on , until the middle of the month we will see weather with minimum clouds . Such conditions can be called ideal for performing combat flights . '
In a warning to Putin – who has indicated an operation lasting three to four months – they said November could be more difficult .
'In November , the weather will be a good deal more cloudy , ' they added .
'Those clouds will often be quite close to the ground , fog will become frequent and in such conditions it will be a bit harder to perform combat flights . '
Chindogu : People With Nothing To Do
According to Japanese dictionaries , a chindogu is an unusual or deformed tool . These gadgets mean no harm except their potential for ridicule . Chindogu are supposed to be gadgets used to perform everyday tasks , but end up providing an absolutely ridiculous solution to a single issue , or one that is more complicated than the problem itself .
We guess that some understanding of Japanese culture and idiosyncrasy is mandatory in order to not understand these gadgets as laughable , useless pieces , but hey , that 's how most are gon na come off anyways , funny or not . Enjoy some chindogu !
Back-Scratch T-shirt
Are you having issues explaining your friends or SO where it itches ? Fear not , the Chindogu Society comes to your aid ! With this shirt , all you have to do is name the square where it itches , looking at your card ( which you 'll have to carry everywhere with you ) . You can be the most accurate you 've ever been by saying “ scratch my F3 ” , in order to quench your thirst for some scratching . Sunk !
Chopsticks with a Fan
Ah , we love ramen . The problem is that when it 's first served , it 's always too hot for our delicate mouths . Thanks to this ( un ) comfortable fan , though , you 'll never have to worry about that again . We hope your grip with chopsticks is good , though , or your ramen might fly away and end up as someone else 's mustache .
The Baby Mop
If child labor is not an issue to you ( you know , because you do n't have a heart and all that ) , you can make your child mop the floors for you while they play around the house thanks to this cute baby suit . The only downside is that you are never gon na be able to tell them that he 's never had to work for the food in their plate again .
Smoking Surgical Mask
Ca n't get enough of your cigarettes ? One just does n't give you a high anymore ? Or do you just plainly hate your lungs and think you 'd be better without them ? This chindogu is for you . Now you get to smoke 12 cigarettes at once if you want to . But please , try to not cough your lung in public , it might be considered bad taste .
Cat Tongue-soother
If you and your cat are so close that you decided that it 's totally appropriate to share your meals , you might be worried about the temperature of their food . Now , seriously , in Japan it 's a well-known fact that cat 's tongues are particularly sensitive to higher temperatures , but this chindogu still makes no sense at all . If your cat is smart enough to understand the concept of air pumping to cool their food , he 's only two steps away from murdering you and learning how to use your credit card to order a life-long supply of Purina anyways .
Sleeping Helmet
If you tend to fall asleep while on public transportation , you might like this . The helmet has a plunger attached so you can stop headbutting the windows of your metro with every little movement . Also , the letters read “ please , wake me up at [ X ] station ” .
Forever Alone Pillows
This one is for those who have given up on human interaction , but still feel they deserve some love . Never mind the creepy side of this , now you get to sleep cuddling a human , headless torso or some amputated lady-legs , depending on your preference . It 's like true love made into a product .
Instant tissues
Priorities are priorities , and if comfort matters more than looking like an dork to you , here 's a solution for your snot issues . Just carry some toilet paper rolls over your head .
Portable Zebra Crossing
Damn , we hate traffic ! If you think you 're a beautiful princess who should have priority above everyone else in the universe , you can use this to cross streets wherever you want . Just get one of your lackeys to carry it around , and call yourself the queen of the streets .
Chew Counter
If you are in the slow process of becoming a duck because you just swallow without chewing , here 's your chance of becoming a proud member of the human race again . This counter counts the times the user chews , and makes an alarm sound if they swallow before arriving the desired number . Public embarrassment at its finest .
Toilet Mug
Are you tired of people drinking your coffee with milk while you 're working somewhere else ? The sad days of having to worry about that are over thanks to the Toilet Mug . As soon as your coworkers see this cup-sized toilet filled with a brown liquid , you can be damn sure they 're not going to want to drink it .
Eyedrops Funnel
If Parkinson is starting to become a problem while applying your eye drops , this is the solution for you . Just use the medicine and let the funnel do the rest for you .
Bathing suit for Hydrophobes
Never let your hydrophobia get in the way of you enjoying a hot-tub again ! Thanks to this invention ( which is , practically , just a big plastic bag ) you can take immersion baths without water ever touching your smelly body .
Last Monday , it was brought to you that West Ham were thought to be heavily interested in Norwich City left-back Martin Olsson , eventually having a £3 million bid turned down by the Canaries .
Now thought , West Ham have ended there interest in the Swedish International , signing Olympiakos left-back Arthur Masuaku today for an undisclosed fee .
So , could this mean that Olsson will stay with City ? It may well , but , in the mix of this saga , Olsson 's agent did come out and say very publicly that Olsson was n't happy spending another season in the Championship , so who knows .
After their very impressive performances in the Euros , they could definitely have attraced some interest from other clubs , but let 's hope we can get something sorted with them soon , because we definitely do n't want to lose him !
OTBC
Farmers and consumers in poor countries are now paying the price for decisions made by well-fed Westerners , as reported by my colleagues Keith Bradsher and Andrew Martin in their front-page article on cutbacks in financing for agricultural research . They explain how the Green Revolution faltered after Western governments and agencies slashed funds for agricultural research , partly to shift money to other areas , like environmental projects , and partly because of opposition to high-yield agriculture from advocacy groups .
If you find it hard to imagine how anyone could be opposed to growing more food for poor people , read Gregg Easterbrook 's 1997
Atlantic Monthly article on Norman Borlaug , the agronomist whose achievements through the Green Revolution may have saved a billion lives . Mr. Easterbrook wrote :
The Ford and Rockefeller Foundations and the World Bank , once sponsors of their work , have recently given Borlaug the cold shoulder . Funding institutions have also cut support for the International Maize and Wheat Center — located in Mexico and known by its Spanish acronym , CIMMYT — where Borlaug helped to develop the high-yield , low-pesticide dwarf wheat upon which a substantial portion of the world 's population now depends for sustenance . And though Borlaug 's achievements are arguably the greatest that Ford or Rockefeller has ever funded , both foundations have retreated from the last effort of Borlaug 's long life : the attempt to bring high-yield agriculture to Africa .
Pressure from environmentalists was the chief reason for these cutbacks , Mr. Easterbrook reported :
[ By ] the 1980s finding fault with high-yield agriculture had become fashionable . Environmentalists began to tell the Ford and Rockefeller Foundations and Western governments that high-yield techniques would despoil the developing world . As Borlaug turned their attention to high-yield projects for Africa , where mass starvation still seemed a plausible threat , some green organizations became determined to stop them there . “ The environmental community in the 1980s went crazy pressuring the donor countries and the big foundations not to support ideas like inorganic fertilizers for Africa , ” says David Seckler , the director of the International Irrigation Management Institute . Environmental lobbyists persuaded the Ford Foundation and the World Bank to back off from most African agriculture projects . The Rockefeller Foundation largely backed away too — though it might have in any case , because it was shifting toward an emphasis on biotechnological agricultural research . “ World Bank fear of green political pressure in Washington became the single biggest obstacle to feeding Africa , ” Borlaug says . The green parties of Western Europe persuaded most of their governments to stop supplying fertilizer to Africa ; an exception was Norway , which has a large crown corporation that makes fertilizer and avidly promotes its use . Borlaug , once an honored presence at the Ford and Rockefeller Foundations , became , they say , “ a tar baby to them politically , because all the ideas the greenies could n't stand were sticking to me . ”
Dr. Borlaug did n't disguise their anger in summarizing their feelings about greens to Mr. Easterbrook :
“ Some of the environmental lobbyists of the Western nations are the salt of the earth , but many of them are elitists . They 've never experienced the physical sensation of hunger . They do their lobbying from comfortable office suites in Washington or Brussels . If they lived just one month amid the misery of the developing world , as I have for fifty years , they 'd be crying out for tractors and fertilizer and irrigation canals and be outraged that fashionable elitists back home were trying to deny them these things . ”
This issue is timely today not just because of the current food shortages but because greens are calling for vast sums of money to be spent to ward off future climate change . And just as money was diverted from agricultural research for environmental projects in the 1980s , there 's a danger that immediate problems in poor countries will be shortchanged by pursuing the long-term agenda of wealthy Westerners , as Bjorn Lomborg has been arguing . When I wrote about Dr. Lomborg 's proposal to focus less on climate change and more on problems like malnutrition and disease , they told me : “ I do n't think our descendants will thank us for leaving them poorer and less healthy just so we could do a little bit to slow global warming . I 'd rather we were remembered for solving the other problems first . ”
What do you think ? Are we in danger of repeating the mistakes of the 1980s when it comes to financing research ? And does the current hostility in Europe to genetically modified crops seem reminiscent of the 1980s opposition to high-yield agriculture — an ideological stance that appeals to the wealthy but hurts the poor ?
UPDATE : My colleague Andy Revkin notes parallels in financing for energy as well as agricultural research : short-sightedness seems to reign .
Tension cracks that developed on the banks of the Peace River are among the causes of delays that now threaten to increase Site C 's costs by $ 610 million .
It 's a lesson that BC Hydro is learning the hard way on the construction of Site C dam : the lowest bid may not necessarily always be the best one .
When it awarded the main civil works contract for the Site C dam to a consortium called Peace River Hydro Partners ( PRHP ) for $ 1.75 billion , it was the lowest of four bids .
According to documents released to Business in Vancouver through freedom of information request earlier this year , the other three bids came in at $ 1.86 billion , $ 2.13 billion and $ 2.42 billion .
According to an unredacted Deloitte report that was posted by the BC Utilities Commission ( BCUC ) then removed – but not before copies made it into the hands of Business in Vancouver and other media – the PRHP consortium has requested $ 327 million in additional funding from contingency to cover delays and overruns .
BC Hydro has yet to approve all of the additional funding claims . If it does , it would mean that the higher bids that were rejected are starting to look like a more accurate price to get the work done .
Last week , BC Hydro confirmed that a critical river diversion will be delayed , adding $ 610 million to the project 's costs .
The consortium with the highest technical ranking bid $ 2.13 billion – $ 380 million higher than PRHP 's bid . PRHP had the second-best technical ranking , but the lowest bid .
“ PRHP may have significantly underbid the project , by $ 285 million to $ 340 million , ” the unredacted Deloitte report states .
“ This may explain the claims that PRHP has submitted to the project to date to recuperate some of its losses . Deloitte believes that PRHP may continue this trend as long as it can not recover its losses . ”
“ Clearly , the evidence is there 's a massive claim from the partners to BC Hydro , ” said Robert McCullough , a consultant hired by the Peace Valley Landowner Association , which wants the dam project halted . “ They 've underbid . That 's the definition of underbid . ”
PRHP declined to comment on some of the concerns being raised about the main civil works contract .
BC Hydro 's base budget for Site C was set at $ 8.3 billion . But it built in both financial and calendar contingencies that give it some cushioning .
It initially set the project 's contingency funding at $ 795 million . There is also a $ 440 million project reserve , held by the Treasury Board , to cover costs outside of BC Hydro 's control .
BC Hydro managed to find cost savings to boost its contingency to more than $ 1 billion . When the project reserve and contingency funding are combined , it gives the Site C project a total cushion of $ 1.6 billion .
BC Hydro and contractors may find further cost and calendar savings that will make up for costly delays and allow the project to come in on budget . But if the first two years of construction are any indication , that may be a serious challenge .
As the Deloitte report points out , only 23 % of uncommitted contingency for the main civil works contract remains , “ which is a concern considering that PRHP has only completed two years of the scheduled eight years on the project , and has both submitted claims and suggested that more claims are to come . ”
Moreover , there are still other major contracts yet to be awarded that could also require draws from contingency .
The capital spending for the generating station and spillway , for example , has been estimated at $ 1.25 billion , according to the unredacted Deloitte report .
“ The project has committed 45 % of its FID [ final investment decision ] budget to date , mostly on [ main civil works ] , which reduces our confidence in the accuracy of the other main contract packages that have yet to be awarded .
“ Should these unawarded contracts require similarly large commitments , as has [ main civil works ] , the contingency budget would be at risk of overruns . ”
The trend is worrisome , according to the BCUC 's preliminary report .
“ The panel is concerned that the $ 356 million contingency that has been allocated and committed to date represents 45 % of the planned $ 795-million contingency , two years into an eight-year project , ” the BCUC wrote .
The BCUC is currently holding public hearings to get feedback on its preliminary report . It must publish a final report by November 1 .
Even if the project comes in over budget , a number of energy and public policy analysts and experts have argued that cancelling Site C now and acquiring power from other sources to meet future peak demand would be a waste of $ 3 billion , which would be the sunk costs , plus cost of remediation .
nbennett @ biv.com
A federal review of a high-tech safety system is forcing the continued delay in commuter service , Sonoma-Marin Area Rail Transit officials say .
That safety system was installed for the first time on part of a Colorado rail line last year , but has not been completely bug-free . It has forced the Colorado rail agency to seek and receive waivers from the Federal Railroad Administration to continue running that line .
SMART TRAIN > MORE COVERAGE
Those circumstances may be a reason why federal officials are being methodical before signing off on SMART , rail officials have said .
“ The FRA , in particular , needs to sign off on Positive Train Control , ” said San Rafael Mayor Gary Phillips , a SMART board member . “ That system is performing satisfactorily for SMART . We saw it work during the preview service . ”
SMART has spent $ 50 million to implement the Positive Train Control system on the 43-mile line from downtown San Rafael to the Santa Rosa Airport . The system essentially controls movements on the rails electronically to slow or stop trains before certain types of accidents could occur .
SMART is poised to be the first start-up rail system in the country to be completely outfitted with the safety system designed to prevent potentially deadly accidents .
In April 2016 , the Denver-based Regional Transportation District began using Positive Train Control on a new 23-mile spur from downtown to the city 's airport . The line has been operating on waivers from federal officials while they attempt to resolve a nagging timing issue with safety arms that is caused by integration challenges between crossing software and Positive Train Control . The waiver includes the requirement that flaggers be stationed along the line as a safety precaution .
SMART officials say their Positive Train Control is working and that they are talking to federal officials on a daily basis as they seek final approval .
“ This deals with public safety and they are being cautious , ” said Farhad Mansourian , SMART 's general manager , of Positive Train Control . “ PTC is new . We are not an agency that has been running for 40 years . We are a new agency with brand-new service . ”
Tiffany Lindemann , a spokesperson with the Federal Railroad Administration , said SMART 's Positive Train Control is getting a hard look .
“ FRA is still working closely with SMART on the PTC review , ” they said via email . “ Although SMART is in the final stages of the review , the length of time the review can take varies depending on the complexity of the PTC system . ”
In SMART 's case , Positive Train Control works via a fiber optic network used to “ talk ” to the train system to prevent a train from moving while sitting in a turnout , while another train passes ; maintain safe speeds in curves to prevent derailments ; and to slow speeds in work zones where workers are present .
The system stops the train if an engineer fails to adhere to the software-programmed instructions . The system is also used by dispatchers to lower speeds when a grade crossing has been damaged .
Such a system could have prevented the deadly accident of Amtrak passenger train 188 in Philadelphia in May 2015 , National Transportation Safety Board officials said . That train had entered a curve where the speed is restricted to 50 mph . But the train was traveling at 106 mph because the engineer was distracted and failed to slow the train . Eight passengers were killed and 185 others were transported to area hospitals . SMART 's top speed will be 79 mph .
SMART will have to spend between $ 10 million and $ 12 million to operate the safety system on the downtown San Rafael to Larkspur extension that could open in 2019 .
In 2008 , Congress required railroads to install the safety system . In October 2015 , Congress extended the original deadline to implement the system from Dec. 31 , 2015 to at least Dec. 31 , 2018 . In theory , SMART could have delayed deploying the safety system until later to save money now .
Mansourian said SMART is close to launch .
“ We can almost taste it , ” they said .
The Denver Post contributed to this report .
Polish and Ukrainian scientists have unearthed a mass grave containing up to 1,000 victims of Stalinist terror in a castle once used as a secret police prison .
Among the victims in the grave were Polish soldiers . The Polish press has already called the find a “ new Katyn ” in reference to a massacre of thousands of Poles by Stalin in 1940 , which still clouds Polish-Russian relations .
The grave was found in the grounds of the Kazimierz the Great castle in the town of Volodymyr-Volynsky in western Ukraine , close to the Polish border .
Although the 11th-century castle served as a base for Stalin 's infamous NKVD from 1939-56 , scientists say the victims were killed between 1940 and 1941 .
Following the Soviet invasion of eastern Poland in 1939 , Stalin instigated a reign of terror , murdering thousands of Poles considered a threat to Moscow 's rule and deporting hundreds of thousands of others to the wastes of Siberia and present day Kazakhstan .
“ At the moment we 've found the remains of about 950 people . Some of them are Polish soldiers but others are civilians , ” Alexi Zlatogorski , the head of the Ukrainian team of archaeologists , told the Polish newspaper Rzeczpospolita .
“ We 've also found on the site cartridge cases from the TT pistol [ a Soviet sidearm ] which indicates they were killed between 1940 and 1941 by the NKVD . ”
The findings tie in with the one of the secret police 's preferred methods of killing : a pistol shot to the back of the head .
Dominika Sieminska , a Polish scientist involved in the investigation , said the NKVD had covered the bodies in quicklime during their burial . They added that it appeared the bodies had been struck with rifle butts before being dumped in the grave by an excavator .
The discovery of the mass grave will provide further evidence of the scale of crimes committed against Poles by the Soviet Union
Many Poles feel that Russia – as the inheritor of the Soviet legacy – has done too little to atone for sins of the past , and Moscow has expressed occasional exasperation with what it considers as Poland 's fixation with the past .
The Daily Telegraph
A Silent Revolution
Commentary
by Anne G
A silent revolution has been slowly building and mass media and main stream politics are to blame . It is becoming abundantly clear that Americans are fed up with the `` business as usual '' attitude that has been prevalent for decades . Americans are demanding a radical change .
Political correctness , complacency and the unwillingness of our governing bodies to work together have created enormous discontent . The proof of this is Donald Trump , who continues to surge ahead in the polls . Their campaign continues to gather steam and grow in popularity despite and in spite of their `` straight talk '' .
The deliberate manipulation of relevant news by the Media and the arrogant and entitled attitudes of our political parties have provoked Americas collective ire . Americans are `` mad as hell and ... not going to take it any more '' .
The truth is that the media and Washington D.C. are out of touch and have deluded themselves that their `` happy days '' have no end . Wrong !
Americans want a strong and healthy United States of America . They want our country 's reputation , credibility and solvency restored . American works harder and longer than any other , and witnessed their nation weakened by the pervasive ineptitude of its politicians , exacerbated by the relentless ranting , biased news coverage , lies and half truths of our news organizations .
This was reinforced by the GOPs first debate , catalyst of a firestorm so great , it has awoken the `` Sleeping Giant '' ; the American people .
`` Sometimes your greatest words are the easiest misconstrued '' - Ty Curtis
Donald Trump has told us `` I want America to be great again '' , and Americans have answered the call . It matters not their manner of speaking or the fact that they are not politically correct . The fact that they call a `` spade a spade '' seems to be part of their growing appeal . The fact that they are not a politician makes them an extremely viable candidate because most Americans know that there will be absolutely no change if a politician of the `` status quo '' becomes the chosen candidate . Furthermore , the idea of a true capitalist taking the reins , is the promise of renewed prosperity in the face of the overwhelming debt we own as a nation .
Trump is the antithesis of `` business as usual '' . They `` tells it as it is '' and whatever skills they may lack as a public speaker they more than makes up for with their ability to create opportunities for prosperity and positive change . Their unwavering patriotism is unquestionable . Their love for our country can not be debated or challenged . Mr. Trump is more than capable of surrounding themselves with highly qualified patriots who will , with him , restore America 's brilliance .
The silent revolution has found its voice through Donald Trump and nothing will ever be the same again .
The latest round of films that have received funding from the Irish Film Board have been announced . First up is Fantastic Films and director Neasa Hardiman 's Sea Fever , which has received €700,000 in IFB production funding . The film is described , per SD , as , “ …a very smart monster movie ” and follows , “ …a female protagonist , a gifted marine biology student who , along with their crew , encounter a large and dangerous mysterious sea creature. ” Epic Pictures Group will be handling international sales .
Additionally , Without Name ‘ s Lorcan Finnegan has been funded €750,000 for Vivarium , a sci-fi thriller we wrote about in mid-May . The film follows , “ …a couple desperate to get on the property ladder . They follow an estate agent to an out-of-town housing estate and find themselves unable to get out . ”
Last on the slate , at least when it comes to horror , is The Hole In The Ground , Lee Cronin 's horror thriller for SP Films starring Seana Kerslake that received €600,000 .
Disclaimer : Epic Pictures Group and Dread Central are affiliated . As a result , this post will not feature any opinions or personal commentary . We 're sticking to the facts here , folks !
The futuristic idea of Three Spirits Hotel comes from designer Filip Kurzewski , find out a lot of of their show stopping plan when the jump .
The design Three Spirits Hotel is assumed as a floating tourist base within the kind of the 3 ships – hotels . every of those 3 units is an independently functioning building . The vision of an assumption originated on the idea of private varied drawing and painting studies and therefore the search of a type , area and a color .
The ships creating up a posh , to a precise degree , differ as for the applied program . If the suitable localization is chosen , they will bind the common assumption – an island “ Lang ” . Guests will then enjoy the broader scale of supplementary attractions . On the primary ship they need a ballroom at their disposal , on the second – a casino and on the third one – the hall of multifunctional functions where , inter alia , film shows and theatrical performances are potential . When the ships “ meet ” they generate a typical water space for guests to swim .
One of the most attractions of a specific ship may be a diving capsule . Guests ca n't solely observe scuba diving however additionally they will dive safely in important depth to envision , for example coral reefs or wrecks . The set of boats is additionally delivered for guests , and it permits them to settle on an acceptable place for recreation , among alternative things additionally for scuba diving throughout the stopover of the ship . Since every ship may be a separate unit there 's a prospect of temporary separation of the “ vessels ” ( “ vehicles ” ) so as to hold out completely different cruises and afterwards a prospect of ships meeting once more .
Each ship kept in an exceedingly dissimilar interior vogue may be a personification of 1 of the idols of Oceania and it 's a clear stage of simulation of its own “ voice ” and “ thoughts ” , and conjointly has the data of the underwater land and conjointly its own data that it conveys.Guests will communicate with their guide throughout a data hall ( “ the heart ” of every ship ) to raise the queries . looking on the host ` s character they 're conjointly educated by suggests that of whispers gift on the shipboard .
We can fade boat “ Lowalangi ” that besides the total data of the “ underwater land ” informs us regarding natural calamities which can happen or they merely happen within the space .
We can adopt “ Aluluei ” as our guide . Aluluei registers the moments of its earlier voyages . Guests who used to cruise with it will return in their mind and recall their earlier journey , or reconstruct the foremost fascinating moments of the host ` s cruises . they need additionally an insight into far-reaching enterprises of the complete assumption . The third host is Tane { which will|which may|which might } additionally inform regarding the history ( situation ) of the habitat ( environment ) that guests can meet on the islands the ship sails spherical .
The Three Spirits Hotel thanks to their sculptural forms seen on the horizon are to evoke bona fides impression of the fairylike creatures that attracts the sweetness . they 're going to seem solely within the very good sceneries and therefore the most attention-grabbing diving places , changing their context all the time .
Wandering the horizons they 'll lead their visitors through their very own world , showing it for them and letting them know concerning itself . The visitors immerse themselves inside the land water and oceans , getting the connection with water , they approach the underwater world throughout which within a extended keep your border looks to evanesce…
Reaction on social media to singer Nelly Furtado 's unconventional rendition of O Canada at the NBA All-Star Game on Sunday night was swift and harsh .
The B.C . songstress sang a slow , melodious version of the national anthem , accompanied by Native American flutist Tony Duncan on an instrument made by Saskatoon 's Richard Dubé .
The performance drew big cheers and applause from the crowd at the Air Canada Centre .
But those watching at home and tweeting were less than impressed . CBC Toronto asked its Twitter followers what they thought , and the reactions were not kind .
< a href= '' https : //twitter.com/CBCToronto '' > @ CBCToronto < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/cbcsports '' > @ cbcsports < /a > The Worst rendition ever ! — @ rebecca_shelley
< a href= '' https : //twitter.com/CBCToronto '' > @ CBCToronto < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/cbcsports '' > @ cbcsports < /a > How do you think I feel ? Betrayed . Bewildered . — @ aplusadvantage
It did n't take long before the singer was trending on Twitter for all the wrong reasons .
Is Nelly Furtado having a breakdown ? < br > That 's about the worst performance of the Canadian Anthem I 've ever heard ... — @ RealMikeWilbon
Listening to Nelly Furtado sing `` Oh Canada '' @ < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/NBAAllStarTO ? src=hash '' > # NBAAllStarTO < /a > like : < a href= '' https : //t.co/NHsWyfREyw '' > pic.twitter.com/NHsWyfREyw < /a > — @ UCDan
Nelly Furtado just butchered oh Canada , Drake should have just rapped it 😓 — @ therealestasian
Nelly Furtado , make like a bird and only fly away . — @ SNFaizalKhamisa
Though some folks still had some love for the 'm Like A Bird singer .
I love that < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/NellyFurtado '' > @ NellyFurtado < /a > opted for simple accompaniment for their performance — @ tresbanging
omg Nelly Furtado is trending yaaaaaaas slay girl — @ Papaverhoeas
Before Furtado took the stage , Ne-Yo performed a low-key version of the U.S. national anthem . Later , Sting ran through a collection of their hit songs during the half-time show .
As of Sunday , 180,043 absentee ballots have been received , according to the Virginia Department of Elections . That 's far above the previous midterm record of 123,221 , during President Barack Obama 's second term .
WASHINGTON — Virginia voters have cast a record number of absentee ballots in a nonpresidential election , in large part due to the close race for governor , between Republican Ed Gillespie and Democrat Ralph Northam .
As of Sunday , 180,043 absentee ballots have been received , according to the Virginia Department of Elections . That 's far above the previous midterm record of 123,221 , during President Barack Obama 's second term .
Almost one-half of the absentee ballots were cast in Northern Virginia , with the highest totals in Fairfax , Prince William and Arlington counties .
As of Monday morning , local boards of elections reported at total of 82,079 absentee ballots received , including both in person and by mail :
City of Alexandria 5,870
Arlington 11,586
Fairfax 41,807
Loudoun 8,086
Prince William 12,600
Stafford 2,130
The highest absentee total statewide in Virginia history was in Obama 's first election in 2008 , with 506,672 voting absentees , followed by 496,452 during current President Donald Trump 's 2016 election .
Another 45,947 absentee ballots may still be counted , since a total of 225,990 voters applied for absentee ballots . Absentee ballots received by the Department of Elections by 7 p.m. on Election Day will be counted .
The deadline to request an absentee ballot by appearing in person at a local registrar 's office was 5 p.m. Saturday .
In addition to the races for governor , lieutenant governor and attorney general , all 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates are on the ballot — among them 16 contested races in Northern Virginia .
As with most midterm elections , races are seen as an indicator of support or rejection of the president occupying the White House .
When Democrat Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe was elected in 2013 , during Obama 's second term , 121,359 absentee ballots were cast , the third-highest in midterm elections .
Obama has campaigned for Northam , who is McAuliffe 's lieutenant governor , while President Trump has tweeted support for Gillespie .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Michael Keane dreams of taking their idol Rio Ferdinand 's place at Manchester United
Michael Keane hopes to replace idol Rio Ferdinand at Manchester United
Youngster is playing for England Under 20s in Toulon Tournament
Ferdinand is leaving Old Trafford after not being offered a new deal
Louis van Gaal is renowned for bringing through youngsters
Ryan Giggs almost gave Keane their Premier League debut against Hull
England coach insists twins Michael and Will Keane have a bright future
Michael Keane gives a rueful smile . The subject of coloured footwear has cropped up and has inadvertently led to them revealing their less than flattering nickname .
‘ They call me “ the referee ” because I 'm the only one who wears black boots these days , ' the Manchester United defender explains . ‘ But I ca n't be wearing those bright yellow ones , can I ? It 's my job to kick the players wearing bright yellow boots , is n't it ? '
Cue fits of laughter . This is the first time Keane , who is with England 's Under-20s squad at the Toulon Tournament , has given an in-depth interview but the topic of what they put on their feet gives an insight into their character .
VIDEO Scroll down to watch 'Rio Ferdinand factfile : Their clubs and trophies '
Fill yer boots : England Under 20 defender Michael Keane hopes they can replace their idol Rio Ferdinand at United
Commanding : Michael Keane ( L ) helped England Under 20s secure a third-place play-off spot in Toulon
Keane has an old-fashioned approach , a player who enjoys hard work and puts the team first , never searching for compliments ; those are values that will serve them well as they strive to put themselves in the spotlight at Old Trafford .
This is going to be a big season for the 21-year-old , who grew up idolising Sir Alex Ferguson 's all-conquering sides , particularly as there could be an opening under Louis van Gaal to advertise their talents .
Should Van Gaal listen to advice from their new right-hand man , they will discover that Keane was in contention to make their first appearance in the Barclays Premier League the night Ryan Giggs , in their role as caretaker manager , gave youth its head against Hull City .
‘ I was on the bench , ' said Keane , who had loan spells last season at Derby and Blackburn and made one of their two United starts in the League Cup against Aldershot .
‘ I thought there was a chance that I was going to play but I was just happy to be involved . I 'd have liked to have got on as I think I would have done well .
End of an era : Rio Ferdinand ( L ) is considering their options after not being offered a new deal to stay
Dutch of class : Incoming United boss Louis van Gaal ( R ) is renowned for giving young players a chance
‘ I 've heard the new manager likes to bring young players through and that 's always been the way at United . With Giggsy staying on , that can only benefit the young players . He 's an idol for every player that comes through . You see how professional they are and their enthusiasm for training every day no matter the fact they have played for 20 to 25 years at the top level .
'He comes in every day wanting to give their best . Hopefully , we 'll have a good pre-season and prove ourselves . If we do that , we 'll have a chance to play . '
There is quiet confidence in the way Keane — whose twin , Will , is also at United and in Toulon — speaks . Trying to fill the boots of Nemanja Vidic and Rio Ferdinand will not be easy task for whoever Van Gaal selects but Keane 's belief comes from advice the departing Ferdinand has given to him .
Role model : Ryan Giggs is an inspiration to young players at United and almost gave Keane their debut
Hero worship ! Michael Keane admits having Rio Ferdinand 's name on their shirt as a youngster
‘ When I was young I always had Rio 's name on the back of my shirt , ' says Keane , one of four brothers who were brought up in Stockport . ‘ Rio was my idol when they first joined United and they still are . Luckily , I 've managed to train with them for a few years . They talk to everyone .
ENGLAND U 20 DETAILS
England : Butland : Browning , M Keane , Moore , Garbutt ; Chalobah , Ward-Prowse ; Redmond , Foster-0Caskey , Obita ; Woodrow
WHERE : Parc de Sport , Avignon , 3.0pm Live on BT Sport 1
‘ It 's sad to see them go . They were a great person to have around and they were great with the young lads . They speak to everyone and always gives you advice . They talk to me about positional things .
'If I make a mistake in a game , they will ring me and tell me what I should do better . They want to give you feedback . It was a surprise at first but now I just see them as a friend . I know I can go to them whenever I want .
‘ Rio 's a really nice guy . Sometimes footballers get those type of reputations but he 's not like that at all . Behind the scenes there 's no one better to have around . '
Can they take their shirt , then ? ‘ I hope so , ' comes the reply . ‘ That 's the dream . I still think I 've got a chance of making it at United . While I still think I 've got that chance I will stay and try to prove myself . '
On the spot : Michael 's twin brother Will Keane ( L ) is also on the books at Old Trafford
Big things : England Under 20 coach Gareth Southgate insists that the Keane twins have a bright future
Before that , there is the pressing matter of helping England wrap up their first tournament in Toulon by grabbing third place . They play Portugal this afternoon and Keane will be given the chance by Under-20 head coach Gareth Southgate to lead by example once again .
‘ For Michael and Will , they would benefit from working with a coach like Van Gaal who will open their minds to different ideas , ' said Southgate .
The Petah Tikva Magistrate 's Court cleared for publication on Sunday that officers arrested several suspects in connection to the torching of the Hebrew-Arab bilingual school in Jerusalem .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The remand of the suspects was extended until Thursday , while the Shin Bet requested to extend their remand by eight days . The detainees are suspected of arson and spraying anti-Arab graffiti in the school .
Classroom after fire ( Photo : Gil Yohanan )
Last Saturday , firefighting teams who were dispatched to the school found hateful slogans scrawled on the school 's walls , including `` Death to Arabs '' , `` Kahane was right '' and other phrases against Israeli-Arab coexistence .
Lawyer Itamar Ben Gvir‎ , who represents the suspects , noted that `` the conduct of the Shin Bet is shameful . They are not allowing the suspects to meet with me and with another lawyer who represents them . The Shin Bet is violating their basic rights , and we have filed a petition to the court to enable us to meet them . ''
The suspects ' lawyer , Itamar Ben Gvir ( Photo : Ido Erez )
The arson attack led to a wave of condemnation . Education Minister Shai Piron said that incident was a `` violent , criminal and despicable act that could harm and undermine the foundations of Israeli democracy . The fact that the arson took place in an educational institution that promotes coexistence constitutes a harsh blow to the fabric of relations between Jews and Arabs . The incident is particularly serious considering that the criminals chose to target the soft underbelly of Israeli society , in a preschool where innocent children learn . ''
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat joined the condemnation , saying : `` We wo n't let pyromaniacs and those who violate the order and take the law into their hands disrupt the routine of our lives . We will continue to condemn the extremists and do all that is necessary for the return of calm to Jerusalem . I spoke with the District Police Commander who has made the investigation and the safety of the children of Jerusalem a top priority issue . ''
Last week , first graders and teachers from the bilingual school in Jerusalem spent their school day at the President 's Residence .
`` You are proof that we can live side by side in peace , and we must not let difficult experiences – such as what you have been through – harm our belief in our ability to live side by side , ” President Reuven Rivlin said to the children .
Have you ever wondered what to talk about when hanging out with Chinese friends ? Sports ? Movies ? Personal interests ? Some funny jokes ? In this article , I will introduce four topics and some helpful phrases when spending time with friends .
1 . Shopping with friends
When shopping with your friends , these phrases are very important to know :
- How much ( does it cost ) ? – 多少钱 ? – duō shao qián ?
- Can it be cheaper ? – 便宜点吧 ! － pián yi diǎn ba : When shopping in China , bargaining is a must .
- This shirt/ dress/ pair of shoes suits you well ! – 这件衣服/ 这条裙子/ 这双鞋子很适合你 – zhè jiàn yī fú / zhè tiáo qún zi / zhè shuāng xié zi hěn shì hé nǐ . When your friend is asking for your fashion advice , then you can use this phrase . Also , if it 's not the case , just replace ‘ hěn ' with the negation word ‘ bù ' .
2 . Dining in a restaurant
- What do you recommend ? – 你推荐什么菜 ? – nǐ tuī jiàn shén me cài : If you ca n't read the menu , you can always use this one . Maybe you 'll be served with something you love , and sometimes something really strange .
- What specialties do you have ? – 你们有什么特色菜 ? – nǐ men yǒu shén me tè sè cài : If you ca n't read the menu , then you can always use this one . Maybe you 'll be served with something you love or sometimes something really strange !
- No chili/ medium spicy/ – 不要辣/微辣 – bú yào là /wēi là – If you are OK with eating everything , just utter this phrase and take what you are given .
3 . Doing sports/ watching games
- Let 's go do some cycling , it 's a fine day ! – 今天天气很好，出去骑车吧！– Jīn tiān tiān qì hěn hǎo , chū qù qí chē ba !
- Where is the game ? – 比赛在哪儿？– Bǐ sài zài nǎr ?
- Do you play tennis ? – 你打网球吗？– Nǐ dǎ wǎng qiú ma ?
Imagine you are watching a game somewhere in China . This is what you might hear people around you saying about a soccer match !
- Pass the ball ! – 传球！– Chuán qiú !
- Bad move !
- Ca n't believe you missed that ! – 简直不敢相信你没接住 ! – Jiǎn zhí bù gǎn xiāng xìn nǐ méi jiē zhù !
4 . Watching movie/ going to the cinema
If you are watching movie in the cinema with friends , it 's inevitable to talk about it and maybe some Chinese celebrities .
- Do you often watch films ? – 你平时看电影吗？– Nǐ píng shí kàn diàn yǐng ma ?
- Hey , have you seen the recent Disney movie Zootopia ? It is amazing ! – 最近迪士尼的那个疯狂动物城你看了么？超级好看。– Āi , zuì jìn Dí Shì Ní de nà gè Fēng Kuáng Dòng Wù Chéng nǐ kàn le me ? Chāo jí hǎo kàn .
- I laughed so much ! – 笑死我了！– Xiào sǐ wǒ le !
If you want to learn more about daily Chinese , register now and book a free trial class !
It would have been a wonderful commercial – if the marketing had not been so terrible .
The goal of the video – released on September 9 , 2014 , on YouTube – is to get more young adults in the United States to immigrate to Israel by presenting an exciting life in the country in contrast to a boring one in America :
Ha'aretz reporter Allison Kaplan Sommer wrote an article about the advertisement and then wrote the following on their Facebook profile :
So since this video was posted yesterday , numerous people across social media have pointed out some fatal flaws , namely – 1 . Zero information on the YouTube page about who made it , no description , no website to go to . 2 . Jokes made in Hebrew with no subtitles , so the target audience has no clue what they are saying . And the BIG one 3 . At the end , there 's a full-screen “ CLICK HERE ” and when you click … nothing happens ! That , my friends , teaches all you need to know about how things ( do n't ) work in Israel .
Here are a few of the comments on the Facebook post ( some of which are from people who also work in marketing in Israel ) :
How to explain that it 's a day later and still not fixed ? They ca n't know , right ? That makes it even worse than it was yesterday . Maddening . And we ca n't even send them friendly advice since there 's no freaking contact info anywhere ! ! Such a waste of a great ad .
The YouTube page is identified as the [ Government Advertising Agency ] – just in Hebrew , through ! Of course , this should be in English and in the credits and of course the “ Click Here ” is a fashla of truly Israeli PR proportions . Sigh…
Why did the video have so many problems ( though the “ Click Here ” failure has since been addressed ) ? Israelis do n't understand marketing . There are three main reasons why : Impatience , bluntness , and an over-reliance on logic .
Starting in elementary school , Israelis are taught about all of the attempts by neighboring countries to destroy Israel in wars and suicide bombings and , later , about the Holocaust as well . As a result , many develop a subconscious attitude that they could die tomorrow – and then live their lives constantly in a rush as a result .
In Israelis ' daily lives , this presents itself as constant honking and yelling at even the slightest delay on the street . In a business context , Israeli startups often will exit in one year for $ 1 million for the guaranteed cash rather than wait five years for a potential $ 1 billion . In a marketing context , it can take months – or even longer – for a desired outcome to occur . As a saying I heard once somewhere goes : “ People do not buy Coca-Cola because of the ads that they saw yesterday ; they buy it because of the ads they have seen their entire lives . ”
But Israelis can barely think about next month , let alone five years from now . It 's the reason that they rush to put out everything – like , say , a video – without going through it many times to make sure that everything is perfect . ( For another example of the results , see the picture from an Israeli newspaper advertisement that a colleague of mine , Samuel Scott , took at the top of this essay . )
The impatience leads to bluntness – defined as saying something as concisely and quickly as possible – because politeness and subtlety take time . Israelis will blurt out their opinions in order to lay everything on the table and then rapidly discuss the options before making a decision . But it truly takes time to convince people ( who are not Israeli ) to make a choice or lead them down a sales path successfully – to do so , it takes metaphorical massaging and flattery and various interpersonal skills .
However , too many Israelis sales techniques seem to boil down to this : “ Our product is cheaper and better . You do n't you want it ? What , are you stupid ? ” Israelis seem woefully ignorant of the sales techniques that have been developed over decades based on psychological studies on what emotionally drives people to buy .
The bluntness leads to an overuse of logic because Israel thinks that just “ telling it like it is ” is a good marketing strategy . ( It is not . ) The Israeli government often wonders why it gets such bad press during wartime . The issue is complicated , so I 'll just submit one reason of many : The Palestinian Arabs are much better at PR .
Israel 's blunt mentality leads the government to compile a list of facts and then just tell the world those facts . And that 's it. “ Many Palestinians are dying in Gaza ? It 's because Hamas intentionally stores missiles in and fires them from civilian buildings. ” “ Why did the IDF 's ground forces go into Gaza ? To destroy tunnels that Hamas was going to use to attack civilian towns . ”
Israel expects appeals to reason to get the world to side with the country , and the efforts fail . The Palestinians , however , know that appeals to emotion are what truly convince people . One photo or video of damage and dead civilians will trump any lengthy fact sheet that the Israeli government supplies .
Michael Eisenberg from venture capital firm Aleph once wrote similar thoughts on why Israeli companies do not do branding and messaging well :
Israelis prefer substance to form . Israelis naturally disdain artificial fluff and selling ahead of reality . Israel is a real and raw place where niceties and polish are the exception and not the rule . Ergo , Israelis attribute less value to messaging , branding and positioning at the early stages of a company , thinking that it is not real and not accurate and consequently not important . Anyone who looks at the incompetent managing of our national messaging and PR will know this is true .
Another reason that marketing is not valued “ at the early stages of a company ” is that other needs must come first . If a startup has invented new software , then the first priority is to have money for coders and R & D . Other departments will follow . Marketing will often come last – but that does not mean that it is less important for success .
The awareness of the need for marketing is growing among Israelis – but it has clearly not grown enough because there are still only 50 to 100 large exists and IPOs per year in Silicon Wadi .
Still , there is even more . It 's not only that Israelis need to understand marketing – they also need to understand how marketing has changed . ( So , Israel is even further behind than the country may realize . ) Here are just a few ways that marketing is different today :
Most importantly , Israeli startups that sell to the Western world need to understand that it is difficult to market to the United States ( but not to Europe ) from Israel . Will executives really travel 10,000 miles – and pay for the travel – back and forth every single time that there is a TV interview , conference , or some other PR opportunity ? Will executives really want to be available at every hour of the night for a media call seven to ten hours away ? Of course not .
So , out of all of the marketing lessons that Israelis need to learn , the most important is that they need a marketing presence in the United States – whether themselves or through an agency – if they want to succeed in the United States .
For more , I invite you to see a related essay at The Cline Group on why too many companies in the Startup Nation still fail .
The Londoner has fuelled the fire in the buildup to their Wembley fight , claiming they could sign with their opponent 's promoter
George Groves says they are going to `` verbally bully '' Carl Froch all the way to their rematch at Wembley Stadium on 31 May – and then may sign a deal with the champion 's promoter , Eddie Hearn . While that may be a wearing prospect , the confident young Londoner stands by their mantra : everything for a reason .
If they wanted to rile the world super-middleweight champion more than they already have done this past week – to the point where Froch shoved them in the chest when they faced off at Wembley – they have just found another button .
`` He will have to come up with something new , something that 's relevant , '' Groves said , deriding Froch 's responses to their goading at their first press conference . `` If they say something that contradicts what he 's said before , I 'm going to pull it apart . That 's what activates them the most . I will verbally bully him , with Eddie sitting next to him , trying to talk for him .
`` Eddie has realised that Carl does n't want to or ca n't handle the verbal exchanges . I 've already said to him : 'Listen , it 's going to be me and you this time . We 'll have to build it up , because Carl 's not up to the challenge . '
`` I 'm self-managed . I want to try to look after myself and I 'm at the stage where I can negotiate myself a world title fight . When I become world champion , what do I need ? I need opponents , I need someone to pick a venue , negotiate a date , and I need a promoter .
`` If it 's going to be a British promoter , it most likely will be Eddie . They made me an offer but the terms were n't quite right . Maybe that 's because they 're still looking after Carl . If I beat Carl , then we 'll see how ruthless Eddie is . The more successful a promoter becomes , the more ruthless they 've got to be . He 'll be fair , and I think that is their nature .
`` But you can only be fair for so long . It will be interesting . Golden Boy are also interested , and Frank Warren . I like Frank . We 've worked together . We split , but we did n't have a falling out , it just was n't working . ''
Nor was their arrangement with Booth , who trained and managed Groves , along with their world heavyweight champion David Haye , in what seemed like a strong partnership . `` Hayemaker [ the promotional company Booth runs with Haye ] were the ones for me who did things a little different . I was very impressed with Adam Booth .
`` When I went with him , I thought we were on the same wavelength . I told them I was interested in 20 fights , fighting journeymen , but in two years I want to be fighting for titles . They shared that idea . They looked at similar situations in David 's career .
`` Me and Adam had our ups and downs . Then [ last year ] , they expressed the view they did n't want to work with me any more . If someone says they do n't want to work with you , then take the hint . I think they did care when I lost to Froch , but things got out of hand before the fight . I thought they had breached their contract . I 'm pretty sure if they were honest , he 'd say the same thing . We went to a hearing with the British Boxing Board of Control , Adam carried on being my manager . Then , after the fight , we managed to maintain a friendship and they released me from the contract . ''
While it is considered one of the cardinal sins of boxing to look past your next opponent , Groves resolutely marches to their own beat . If they are still searching for ring-walk music , they could do worse than listen to a bit of Frank Sinatra . Few fighters are more suited to the lyrics of My Way .
In a move showing the value placed on prestigious , artisanal brands in the wine market , Jackson Family Wines is buying Copain Wines , a small and well-regarded winery in Healdsburg . The companies announced the deal Monday .
Santa Rosa 's Jackson Family Wines , the maker of Kendall-Jackson , owns more than 50 wineries around the world , from California and Oregon to Australia and South Africa . Founded in 1982 by Jess Jackson , it remains owned by the Jackson family and is managed by Jess ' widow , Barbara Banke . Jackson Family produces about 5.6 million cases of wine per year , according to Wine Business Monthly , and it has about 1,700 employees , putting it in the top 10 wine companies in the world . With the Copain buy , Jackson Family continues to stake a major claim in high-end Pinot Noir , barely a month after acquiring Oregon winery Penner-Ash .
Copain winemaker Wells Guthrie , who co-founded the business in 1999 with San Francisco holding company Murano Group , will become a Jackson Family employee and continue to make wine under the Copain name . Under the terms of the deal , Jackson Family will take over Copain 's leases on its Healdsburg winery and three vineyards in Anderson Valley .
The price for Copain , which produces approximately 20,000 cases of wine a year , was not disclosed . Last month , Constellation Brands paid $ 285 million for Prisoner Wine Co. in a brand-only deal ; Prisoner produces 170,000 cases a year . In January , Crimson Wine Group paid $ 5.75 million for Washington 's Seven Hills Winery , which produces 25,000 cases a year . Prices vary widely in the wine business based on location , product type and whether the deal includes assets like wineries and vineyards .
For Jackson , Copain 's value is less in the cases than the cachet .
“ Not only does Copain complement our portfolio , but it also elevates it , ” Jackson Family Wines President Hugh Reimers said . “ It 's stylistically very different from a lot of our wines . Wells is definitely making wine in that ( In Pursuit of Balance ) style , lower in alcohol. ” In Pursuit of Balance is a nonprofit association of wineries , of which Copain is a member . The group espouses higher-acid , lower-alcohol wines .
Guthrie started Copain after stints as a tasting coordinator with Wine Spectator magazine and as an intern with the Rhone vintner Michel Chapoutier . The brand 's focus is on Pinot Noir , Chardonnay and Syrah from Mendocino County 's Anderson Valley and Yorkville Highlands areas . Although Copain does brisk business in its Healdsburg tasting room and with a successful mailing list , its value-priced Tous Ensemble wines have become fixtures on restaurant by-the-glass lists , especially in California .
If its recent buying spree is any indication , Jackson Family , which built its reputation on brands like Kendall-Jackson and La Crema , appears to be betting big on boutique Pinot Noir brands heavy in single-vineyard bottlings . Copain , Penner-Ash and Siduri , which joined the Jackson Family portfolio last year , all fall into this category — and represent a significant departure from the La Crema set in price , style and target audience . Copain 's single-vineyard Pinots top out at $ 75 a bottle .
What can Jackson Family bring to these artisanal brands ? Money , for one thing . “ We do n't have the financial constraints that these small producers have , ” Reimers points out . And Jackson can use its in-house distribution muscle to get these wines into new markets .
Crucially , too , Jackson also brings more than 18,000 acres of vineyards across California — with considerable holdings in Anderson Valley , where Copain gets most of its grapes . This may have proved especially desirable because , though founded on vineyard-designated bottlings — wines sourced from a single vineyard , aimed at expressing the particular characteristics of that site — Copain and Siduri owned no vineyards of their own ; Penner-Ash had just 15 acres . All or most of their fruit was purchased through contracts with growers .
“ We certainly have been focused on acquisitions of strong luxury Pinot Noir as a business , ” Reimers says . “ As fruit has become harder to get , a lot of these folks have n't been able to find the fruit they need at the quality they need . And we have amazing estate vineyards . ”
In turn , Copain can provide Jackson Family entree into the In Pursuit of Balance world to which Reimers alludes , wines popular with younger drinkers . “ The most important thing is to maintain winemaking style , ” Reimers says . “ Wells is coming on with the acquisition , and we 'd love them to make the wines for as long as he 'll stick around . He 's really the heart and soul of that winery . ”
Reimers says their company would like to grow Copain 's output , but emphasizes that the more important measure of growth to them is revenue , not volume . “ We 're talking about how we 'd like to grow in the right distribution channels — restaurants and high-end retail . ”
Do n't be surprised if you see more high-end brands jumping over to Jackson Family . “ There 's a lot of people coming to us , and I think it 's because a lot of people respect us out there , ” Reimers notes . “ When we buy brands , we stay true to what they have been over the years , and we respect what they 've been doing . The story needs to maintain consistency even though it 's changed ownership . ”
Esther Mobley is The San Francisco Chronicle 's wine , beer and spirits writer . Email : emobley @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ Esther_mobley Instagram : @ esthermob
“ Get The Story In Your DNA. ” David Michôd On ‘ War Machine ' With Brad Pitt
Brock Swinson Blocked Unblock Follow May 26 , 2017
[ This Interview originally published in Creative Screenwriting Magazine . ]
After a series of indie hits such as Animal Kingdom , Hesher , and The Rover , writer-director David Michôd signed on with Brad Pitt 's company , Plan B , to make War Machine , an adaptation of Michael Hastings ' non-fiction book , The Operators .
The Operators are about the firing of U.S. Army General Stanley McChrystal . The film on the other hand follows General Glen McMahon , played by Brad Pitt , as they are sent to Afghanistan to bring the war there to an end . The absurdist story highlights the various problems within the war machine of the armed forces , as audiences are invited to watch the General 's roller-coaster rise and fall in a film that is part reality , part parody .
Creative Screenwriting spoke with Michôd developing fiction from non-fiction , use of narration , and why you should treat your brain like an oven .
This interview is also available as a podcast ! Listen to it here .
Brad Pitt as General Glen McMahon in War Machine .
Photo by Francois Duhamel © 2017 Plan B Entertainment / Netflix
How did you get involved with War Machine ?
Jeremy Kleiner and Dede Gardner at Plan B brought me the book , and asked if I thought there was anything I could do with it . And it all kind of rolled from there .
I really love those guys , and I 've been talking to them for years about us finding a way to make a movie together . I had been talking to them about making a movie from before I had even made Animal Kingdom .
They saw a couple of short films I had made and reached out to me . I 've never forgotten that . They were the only Hollywood company that did , and it forever endeared them for me .
Was Brad Pitt always the ideal actor for the lead role ?
Well , the hope was always that I would be writing a character for Brad to play , but you can never be sure .
I went and had a meeting with Brad , and we talked in broad brush strokes about intent and flavor . Then when I delivered a script , they jumped on really quickly . It almost felt like they were pushing all else aside and saying they wanted to make this movie and they wanted to do it now .
Did all of General Glen McMahon 's characteristics come from the book or were there some outside influences as well ?
There 's very little in the visible characteristics of Glen McMahon that resemble Stan McChrystal .
Brad and I knew from the beginning that we were going to create a character that was much larger than Stan McChrystal . We both agreed that we wanted this movie to be about something other than one particular real-life guy . We wanted this movie to be about a much larger system
We wanted it to be about the entire institution , the way that institution interacts with the civilian executive and the media , and the way its different component parts act with one another . That , for us , was the core of the movie . It felt important to us that we extricate it from its real world foundation .
Brad Pitt as General Glen McMahon in War Machine .
Photo by Francois Duhamel © 2017 Plan B Entertainment / Netflix
It 's amazing that a story like this can be told — both the book and the film — with the war still going on . Do you see this film as providing some clarity , or just highlighting some of the problems ?
I would suggest that the two are the same . In a way , this is a movie about a conflict that has been running for close to sixteen years now , and it seems to be in an endless cycle of repeating itself . For sixteen years , it has been built on the same delusion , the same kind of fantasy end game .
What I wanted the movie to show is how that delusion is even possible . What is it that sustains a delusion of that nature , and how is it possible that seemingly otherwise smart and capable guys are able to lose themselves in catastrophic folly of this nature ?
When you were reading the book , I 'm sure there were certain truths that you felt had to be told . How did you decide when and where to add parody or satire ?
The thing that I loved about Michael 's book was that it gave me a way in to a vague story I had been contemplating for quite a while . Finding some way of exploring the experience of modern war . What I loved about Michael 's book was that it gave me a way in that felt human . It was about hubris and vanity and ambition .
So the picking and choosing of pieces to leave in and leave out were how those pieces served that core concern . That 's when it gets easy . It has been true for me that when I know confidently what the themes of my movie are , and what it 's about on a certain super level , the movie sort of writes itself . Making those decisions about what to include or what to exclude make themselves very quickly .
Michael 's book caused some outrage when it first came out , not necessarily about the truth but about the fact that they printed the truth . Do you expect any backlash from the film ?
I do n't know . To be honest , I really have no idea how this movie is going to land in the world , generally . It 's strange . It 's tonally adventurous . It 's dense in information . It 's politically complex , bordering on ambiguous . So the short answer is , I do n't know .
One thing that was very important to me was that those people with hard experience about the actual functioning of this machine , would feel on some level that it rang true . Even in the midst of it 's ridiculous absurdity , they would feel that it had something important to say .
My experience thus far is that it does or has . That 's what I care about the most . Whatever kind of “ Washington ” blow-back comes my way , I can live with . The military serves us . It exists in the service of citizenry , and I think our civilian leaders owe it to their constituents to hold the military to greater accounts than it has .
In the film there is a narrator who reads some quotes from the General 's fictional book , which forms a humorous thread throughout the film . Where did this idea come from ?
The voiceover for the film was written in one big block . It was a piece of writing in and of itself , that would stretch out from either side of the character 's appearance in the movie .
It was principally about taking a movie that was dense , complex , and tonally challenging , and then giving it a guiding voice . Then that voice had to present itself as sane and rational , because I was aware of the fact that I would be creating a very discombobulating experience for an audience . I felt it would to my advantage to create a kind of handrail .
Brad Pitt as General Glen McMahon and Ben Kingsley as President Karzai in War Machine .
Photo by Francois Duhamel © 2017 Plan B Entertainment / Netflix
What did you find to be the most difficult step while writing this movie ?
Probably piecing together all of the years of reading and research I had done into one large , coherent thing .
To a certain extent , Michael 's book is about a war correspondence 's experience with a four-star general . But I knew I wanted to make a movie that was much larger , about the entire military institution and its functioning . I had accumulated a lot of research that needed to be somehow condensed and made coherent .
I needed to engage in deciding what belonged in , and what did n't despite being interesting . But also , in finding a way to make the blueprint for a movie that would be fundamentally , tonally challenging .
I was immediately drawn to the almost ridiculous absurdity and the hubris at the center of Michael 's book . And yet I never wanted to let go of the horror that had made me want to make a movie set in the modern theater of war in the first place .
I knew that trying to make these things coexist inside one movie would be challenging , but it excited me because I felt that if I could make it work , it would make the movie feel defiantly unusual .
There are some great supporting characters , especially Michael Anthony Hall 's character , Greg Pulver .
Obviously Brad 's character is the central pillar of the movie . So the construction of the supporting characters were kind of determined by the ways in which they hang off that central pillar .
To the extent that this movie is about delusion , and how delusion is fortified by outside forces , it always felt important that among their cheer squad , they have one significant and powerful voice on their shoulder , that was forever enforcing their conviction and forever making them feel admired .
Anthony Michael Hall as Greg Pulver , Daniel Betts as Simon Ball , Topher Grace as Matt Little , Anthony Hayes as Pete Duckman , and John Magaro as Cory Staggart in War Machine .
Photo by Francois Duhamel © 2017 Plan B Entertainment / Netflix
When you 're both the writer and director , do you picture the scenes and write out those details in the script ?
Yes . I love writing when I direct , because the two processes are just part of the one larger thing . I start directing while I 'm writing and I keep writing while I 'm on set .
I start dreaming the movie while I 'm writing . I start compiling music . I start feeling the flavor of the thing . By the time I walk on set , I kind of have it in my DNA . Then it just becomes a great hunting and gathering expedition .
What are the logistics behind that ? How long did you spend writing the drafts ?
This one was unusual in that I had done so much research . For two or three years , I had just been reading books about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , but had n't found the outlet for it . Had n't found the story to tell . I could n't find my way in .
So by the time Michael 's book came to me , the writing part happened surprisingly quickly , especially for me . It just started flooding out of me .
I did n't feel like I needed to slowly get the machine moving . It was almost like popping a pimple . The writing happened fast and focused .
Like I say , there is never really just a writing period — it just continues for me , in pre-production and then while I 'm on set . It picks up a whole different steam when I get into the edit room .
Brad Pitt with David Michôd on set of War Machine . © 2017 Plan B Entertainment / Netflix
Do you advise newcomers to try to be a writer and director in order to get their project made ?
I try to avoid giving advice , because I never presume to know exactly how the world should turn . But I like writing and directing . And I like writer-directors because I think I can feel in their work that holistic , singular voice that , for me , is so important in great art . You can feel that this voice has been there since the moment of conception , and has been carried and refined and developed and layered right up until the end of the film . There 's something about that singularity that can result in exhilarating cinema .
Where do you think novice filmmakers or writers waste time in the beginning of their careers , and where could they better spend their time ?
I think they can sometimes waste their time feeling like they need to be spending their time writing .
One of the great early lessons I learned was the importance of embracing the block . When hitting an obstacle , I have realized that for me , the biggest mistake is to try and desperately write my way out of it . Sometimes the most productive day can be where you do n't write a single word , so long as you 're thinking .
Treat your brain like an oven . You 've got yourself a problem , so put that problem in the oven and let it cook . Let it stew . It always amazes me how problems do get solved if you just ruminate on them .
I used to think that a day where I did n't actually put words on the page was a wasted day . But then I started to appreciate the value of simply sitting and thinking quietly .
It sounds like you carry the story with you and let it marinate . Are you generally focusing on one story at a time , or do you also write multiple stories at once ?
I do n't have a golden rule there .
I love it when I 'm in the zone . I love it when I 'm just itching to get up in the morning so I can get to work on that one scene I 've been working on for weeks — that one scene .
But I 've also experienced there to be value in exercising the mental muscles in the way that you need to do to move between projects . So there is no one working methodology that I adhere to , but I generally believe it 's better to be too busy than not busy enough .
Call To Action
If you enjoyed this article , please click the Green Heart to share and join the monthly newsletter to get updates and the free ebook , HOW HOLLYWOOD SCREENWRITERS ANNIHILATE WRITER 'S BLOCK , which includes advice from writers like Aaron Sorkin , William Monahan and Cary Joji Fukunaga .
Once upon a time , when actors like Robin Williams , George Clooney , Jennifer Aniston , and Steve Carell left TV behind to embark on a movie career , it seemed like the most natural next step : They 'd become so famous that the measly , lesser TV screen could no longer hold them . Movie stardom had long been considered the holy grail for a TV star to aspire to , and actors on the rise would agitate to get out of their small-screen contracts — or schedule their blossoming big-screen gigs around those infernal commitments — in order to make that second act happen .
These days , though , that career path no longer seems like such an imperative . Long after their Emmy-winning stint on Breaking Bad has ended , Aaron Paul finally has their first studio lead in this weekend 's Need for Speed , which is about as far away from the caliber of their classic AMC show as you can get . Their Breaking Bad co-star Bryan Cranston delivered one of the all-time great performances on that show but is usually cast as no better than the third lead when it comes to movies . And then there 's Jon Hamm , a matinee-idol type who spent their peak Mad Men years on small supporting roles in film and is only just now toplining their first movie with this spring 's baseball movie A Million Dollar Arm . Ten years ago , a major film career would have been seen as an inevitability for each of these three men ; today , it seems like an afterthought .
Has the TV-to-movies career arc become outdated ? The movies used to confer better paychecks and greater fame than television , but these days , as film studios clamp down on big salaries and TV networks pay a mint to retain stars until syndication , that gap has nearly closed . Actors used to escape to the movies so they would n't be stuck playing the same role for years and years , but as film executives become permanently wedded to the franchise model — Marvel famously signs its actors to a deal that could span up to nine movies , a contract far more long-lasting than any traditional TV commitment — that distinction has evaporated , too .
And why would you worry about a film career when TV can now offer greater acclaim and bigger audiences ? A passel of young hunks like Taylor Kitsch , Kit Harington , and Joel Kinnaman have all led megabudget movies over the past two years , but they 're still much better known for their TV work on Friday Night Lights , Game of Thrones , and The Killing , respectively . Brand-new , bona fide movie stars are few and far between now — which is why the industry is clinging to Jennifer Lawrence like a life raft — but there 's no ceiling on TV stardom , and that 's where the audiences are more ardent : Benedict Cumberbatch appeared in almost every movie last year , but their scant few episodes of Sherlock generated more online fan noise than all those films combined .
Now , instead of actors making the jump from TV to movies , the opposite career arc is increasingly viable . Movie stars used to deign to do TV only when their big-screen potency had waned , but plenty of actors are currently making the transition while still at the peak of their powers . It 's notable that in the year that Matthew McConaughey won an Oscar , he 's got even more people buzzing about their performance in HBO 's True Detective , and McConaughey is n't the only marquee star who 's enamored with the medium : In addition to whoever HBO lands for season two of True Detective — and they can probably shoot for the moon on that one — Dwayne Johnson will star in the network 's Ballers ( even as the Fast and Furious franchise has made them bigger on the big screen than ever before ) , and top comics like Ben Stiller have been developing series they 'd star in for HBO , too . Even Philip Seymour Hoffman , who earned accolades as one of the most accomplished film actors ever upon their death last month , had segued from The Hunger Games : Catching Fire to filming a recent pilot for Showtime .
Things are even more interesting on the distaff side . TV has always attracted film actores in their late 40s , and indeed , Halle Berry and Viola Davis are two of the big names who 've recently signed on to make a TV series , but young film actores are flocking to the medium in ever-greater numbers , unwilling to spend their 20s and 30s simply playing the love interest on the big screen . After the movie Frances Ha proved to be a professional breakthrough for Greta Gerwig , they surprised many pundits by eschewing a movie follow-up in order to star in the CBS pilot How I Met Your Dad , following the path set by their indie ingenue predecessor Zooey Deschanel ( who spent their 500 Days of Summer capital on the hit comedy New Girl and has n't made a new movie since ) . Vera Farmiga did n't wait until their late 40s to transition to television : They were nominated for an Oscar in 2010 and a mere two years later signed on to topline the A & E series Bates Motel . And just yesterday , HBO announced that it had wooed big-screen fixture Olivia Wilde back to TV to play the female lead in Martin Scorsese 's new rock and roll drama .
It 's nothing new to declare that we 're in a golden age of TV , but that 's not the only reason why a small-screen gig has become so respectable : In the meantime , the movies have dropped the ball when it comes to providing the meaty , dramatic parts that actors yearn to play . McConaughey was barely able to get Dallas Buyers Club made as an indie and the production nearly shut down when it lost a key financier for its meager budget ; in comparison , True Detective was a breeze for HBO to green-light and the network has treated the expensive , auteur-driven show as the crown jewel of its lineup . Lead roles for movie actores have become so scarce that Cate Blanchett made it the centerpiece issue of their Oscar acceptance speech , so it 's no wonder that Olivia Wilde , who has often complained about the purely decorative movies roles that actores are offered , finally had enough and headed back to a medium that has no trouble passing the Bechdel test .
So while Need for Speed likely wo n't turn Aaron Paul into a major movie star and A Million Dollar Arm wo n't supplant Mad Men as the gig Jon Hamm is best known for , maybe that 's just fine . They deserve better than those two movies , but only television has the best to give them . They do n't need to make it in film . After starring in two of the best shows of all time — two shows that will continue to make more noise than nearly any movie released this year — they 've already made it .
Sgt Alistair Hutchins leads the Met 's identification team and says they understand the frustration of those waiting for news on loved ones
An investigator into the Grenfell Tower blaze has shed light on the meticulous process of removing and identifying remains of the victims and ensuring the “ right person gets brought back to their loved ones . ”
Sgt Alistair Hutchins of the Metropolitan police , who is leading the teams of experts involved in identifying residents and their pets who died in the blaze , said their 42-strong team understands the frustration of family and friends awaiting news and pledged they would do their utmost to provide answers .
Police believe that about 80 people died in the west London tower fire on 14 June . Of the 73 people reported missing , experts have been able to positively identify 32 . But so great was the 1,000C inferno that 41 are yet to be identified .
On Tuesday the consultation period for the terms of reference for the public inquiry into the disaster was extended until 28 July , to give survivors more time to have their say .
The task of identifying all the people who died in the inferno could take many months , said Hutchins , in the first detailed interview about the disaster victim identification team .
When they arrived to start the long search process the fire was still raging and waterfalls of hot water were pouring down the stairwells .
Now 12 disaster identification officers are working with 24 search-trained officers and six archaeologists to sift through the estimated 15-and-a-half tonnes of rubble on each floor of the 24-storey tower block to find victims ' remains .
They wear layers of protective clothing and respiratory equipment because of asbestos in the building as they carry out their meticulous search . The teams are divided between different floors and different flats , working for two to three hours at a time before taking a 30-minute break and going back for another three hours , repeating the pattern until the end of their shift .
As well as retrieving remains for identification , the team are also working with family liaison officers and reconciliation officers who look at the evidence “ and try and say these people are from these flats , and if identification is correct ” .
Their findings then go to an identification commission who work with the coroner to determine the identity of the fire victims .
The process began by removing the visible remains , which took longer than hoped because of the damage to the building and safety concerns , before police dogs were brought in to help with the search .
Investigators then started on a fingertip search of every flat , which was the longest stage of the operation , with officers on their hands and knees using small trowels and shovels and fine meshed sieves to locate “ any identifiable part of the human body we can pick up ” .
Relatives and survivors of the fire are frustrated about the delays in releasing official figures of the number of casualties claimed by the fire . Hutchins said : “ I deeply , deeply understand the frustration the families have and the answers they want and it is only natural . All I can say is please be patient . ”
They added : “ We are doing our utmost best for you and we are working as hard as we can . My team can not work any harder .
“ It is hard for people to understand the process involved and I do n't think anything I can say here can clearly convey that to them but we are trying our very best to get your loved ones back . ”
It was not clear how long the task would take . “ We have never had a disaster of this scale in the UK so we do n't know exactly , ” said Hutchins .
“ An estimate of four months might increase as investigators reach more challenging areas . ”
Hutchins , who has worked in victim identification for 18 years , admitted : “ It 's probably the worst incident that I have ever dealt with . ”
They described the challenging conditions they encountered during the first week . “ Our task was incredibly difficult , ” they said . “ No lights so we had to use head torches . Hoses everywhere . Fire equipment with firefighters still fighting fires up higher , smoke conditions , the heat , water pouring down the stairwells – if you imagine walking through a waterfall it will give you an idea , with the waterfall being hot – those are the conditions we were working through initially .
“ I have dealt with many incidents and I have never come across one harder – both emotionally and physically challenging . ”
They said the team “ are extremely passionate about what we do and that is fundamental .
“ We believe in dignity in death , we believe in repatriating loved ones to their family members as fast as we can but also we believe in adhering to a safe system of identification . ”
“ A little learning ” , wrote the crippled poet from their infamous grotto , “ is a dangerous thing. ” Here 's an example . What effect does the choice of a manual transmission have on resale value ? If , like me , you 've bought and sold cars for more than twenty-five years now , your snap response will be “ Manual transmissions sell for more . ”
This being 2014 , however , some kid with access to secondhand Manheim auction reports will strain their mousing finger with a detailed correction of that assertion , complete with dozens of copy-and-pasted sale records . You can not argue with their data — it 's right there in black and white . Manual transmission cars are worth less . But you know he 's wrong somehow , because you 've been in the trenches and you 've worked deals yourself .
Maybe the problem is n't with you , or the kid 's data . Maybe it 's a case of simply not understanding what that data means .
To explain why , I 'll reach back into the past , all the way to July of 2010 , when I sold my lime-green Audi S5 . Having owned the car for two years at that point , I was well aware of the fact that my color choice had made the car “ resale poison ” , because every fifteen-year-old in America had voiced that opinion on some car-related forum at some point . As far as I can tell , the reasoning behind that opinion was :
Most people who want an Audi S5 want it in a “ German ” color .
The only German colors are silver , black , grey , and white .
Therefore , in order to be worth anything on the secondary market , the car has to be one of those colors .
Let 's put aside for a minute the staggering historical ignorance in thinking that German cars have always been limited to non-colors . After all , the Porsches of the Sixties and the Audis of the Seventies came in colors from lime green to light tan and at no time was the integrity of the German people harmed in any way as a result . Trabants were always wacky colors and that was despite East Germany being pretty much a collection of unheated concrete buildings . The monochromization of the Fatherland 's automobiles did n't start in earnest until it became possible to lease them cheaply and all the newbies wanted a silver BMW with the lowest possible payment . What can you do about that ? It sucks and that 's why when you drive by your local Bimmer dealer the colorful Bavarias and 320is of yesteryear have been replaced by a line of grey blobs with BMW Financial 's preferred package of auction-friendly equipment .
Sorry about that . I got distracted . Back to the core issue . I believe that grey and silver Audis are more popular than Lime Green Audis . Were Audi to have to pick a single color for next year 's entire A4 production , I believe that silver would be a much better choice than Lime Green . Were I a fleet manager for a major corporation , I 'd order my company 's fleet of Audis in silver and not Lime Green .
Yet the fact remains that I paid extra money to get my car in that color and — surprise ! — when I sold it , I sold it for approximately six thousand dollars above the average retail sale of grey/silver/black Audi S5s with similar equipment . Can you reconcile these disparate statements of fact ? Only if you understand that I am an individual , not a corporation or a dealership , and I sold my automobile to another individual .
I was n't buying Audis in bulk , nor was I selling them in bulk . I bought a single car and sold a single car . The color was worth more money to me and it was worth more money to them and that 's all that mattered . It was n't necessary for there to be ten thousand potential buyers for a Lime Green S5 out there . I only needed one . And to that single buyer , the desirability of having an S5 in something besides a non-color made it worth their time to pay significant additional money for it . They are n't even comparing the asking price of my car to the asking price of black S5s on dealer lots ; they were comparing the asking price of my car to the asking price of having a new custom-color Audi built . Which made my car a bargain even at a price that exceeded the average .
With that example in mind , let 's talk about the resale value on cars with manual transmissions . Obviously , we 're discussing cars where there are multiple transmission choices , not the Viper or the Fiesta SFE . If you try to trade in a stick-shift car at the dealer , that dealer will tell you that they do n't want it , and he 'll point to the auction numbers . Yet if you sell it privately , you 'll get better offers for more money than you would with the same car as an automatic . What gives ?
It 's important to remember that dealers and auto auctions — and every other entity involved with the sale of automobiles except private owners — depend on a fast turnover of inventory . Given a choice between selling 100 cars a year at a $ 5000 profit and selling 1000 cars a year at a $ 500 profit , a dealer will choose the latter every time . Volume is king and it always will be and there are no exceptions . Not even with the exotics . Turn and burn , that 's how it 's done .
The vast majority of buyers for new and used cars want an automatic transmission and will accept no other choice . Nine of the ten people who step on a lot , even if it 's a Ferrari lot , want the car to shift for them . Therefore , if you want to sell a car in a hurry you want the automatic . Even if the manual would sell for more money , it 's not worth holding the car in inventory longer to make more money on it . Dealers have a fixed amount of “ floorplan ” they can use and they want to use it on inventory that turns quickly , not high-profit-potential showroom Stegosaurs . A Honda dealer can sell ten automatic Accords in the time it takes to sell a manual-transmission one , so when it 's time for them to buy Accords — whether new , from Honda , or used , from an auction — they will buy automatics exclusively .
Since dealers are ninety-nine percent of the customer base at an auction , dealer preferences dictate what sells for good money . Fast-turning automobiles in high demand sell for good money , period point blank . No dealer wants to take a risk on an odd color or an unusual equipment group ( think : Sebring convertibles with the expensive folding hardtop , stripped-out Explorer XL trims from the Nineties , loaded short-wheelbase S-Classes ) or manual transmissions . They 'd rather buy what sells easily and go home . Therefore , auction prices reflect dealer desires , not customer desires .
This disconnect between dealer and customer desires punishes the customer at every turn . It 's why Honda and Acura make you take a non-color with a stick-shift Accord or TSX : the dealers do n't want to stock a brown Accord V6 six-speed even if there 's a guy ( YO ! ) willing to buy it . It 's why you see interesting combinations of colors and options in the order brochure but never at the dealers . It 's why the flotilla of individual options that marked the Detroit era of new cars has become a maze of packages and mandatory tie-ins , even when the car in question is manufactured in the same state as the selling dealers .
The dealers want the stuff that turns quickly . That means silver Camrys and red Ferraris and automatic convertible Corvettes and all-wheel-drive S-Classes . Your desires have nothing to do with it . They are n't listening to you . They do n't care . While you 're busy displaying your autism spectrum disorder by lecturing the salesperson about the actual cam lobe profile on a car you 're thinking about buying two jobs from now and for which you expect to pay invoice minus holdback , three families in used SUVs have come in and bought new SUVs and the store has grossed them front , back , used , and F & I . You mean nothing to a dealer . Period .
Eppur si muove , however . There are people out there who want a manual transmission and they really want it . They are n't casual or uncaring buyers like the SUV families . What they want , they want . And you only need one of them to buy your used manual-transmission car . Best of all , the manufacturers are working night and day to make your stick-shifter a rare and desirable item . Even in this degraded era , this dark age , there are still drivers who want to shift for themselves . There is no surplus of cars for them . A friend of mine drove 2,150 miles this past weekend to get the Dodge truck they wanted . Drove all the way to Miami . Because there were two trucks that met their spec in the whole country , and Miami was closest . No prize for guessing that they wanted a manual .
When I bought my Accord , there were two Modern Steel V6 manuals available in the whole country . When I go to sell it , there wo n't even be that many on the market . If you want it , then you 'll have to understand that you 're buying something that 's about as common as a Mickey Mantle card in an old Topps set . So take my advice : Call early . Bring cash . And leave your Manheim printouts at home .
I like when the analysis does n't have to get too low into the weeds . Yesterday , I wrote a little bit about the impressive Sean Newcomb . What makes Newcomb so impressive , at least for now ? He 's throwing more strikes than they used to . In the minors , they had a strike problem . In the majors , they have n't had a strike problem . What could be simpler than that ? Everybody knows what a strike is , and everybody understands how throwing more strikes is generally better for someone . I do n't know why Newcomb 's strikes have improved , but their mechanics look clean . So be it .
There are more than 200 pitchers who have thrown at least 500 pitches in the majors in each of the last two seasons . The biggest strike-rate improvement currently belongs to Craig Kimbrel . Behind them are Archie Bradley and Jimmy Nelson . They 've all been terrific . Turning around , the biggest strike-rate decline currently belongs to Wade Miley , followed by Cole Hamels and David Price . Miley is n't real good . Hamels had an injury . Price is our focus today . He 's long been a strike-thrower , up until now .
It 's interesting enough that Price has struggled to throw strikes for the first time in forever . Ditto pitches in the zone . There 's an obvious link between the two . But this does n't seem like just a regular story about a pitcher losing it . Price has only partially lost it .
It 's a little bit surprising Price is even pitching at all . A few months ago , they had that elbow scare , and it did send them to the sidelines . From the sounds of things , Price 's elbow is fine , not that you can ever know for sure from the outside . They have at least the regular wear and tear . And , for all I know , Price has had a tougher time just because of that very elbow . I do n't think it 's that easy , but it ca n't be dismissed .
Price has started six games , throwing 34 innings . They have what would be their highest-ever walk rate . They have what would be their second-lowest strikeout rate , and they have what would be their lowest zone rate . Unsurprisingly , they have what would be their lowest strike rate . Price has n't been * bad , * but they have n't been normal . And here 's where the fun stuff begins . What 's been nagging David Price ? They throw two fastballs , a cutter , a changeup , and a curveball . The fastballs , by and large , have been fine . The secondary pitches have been wild . Far wilder than ever .
I 've got a whole bunch of plots to prove it ! I 've grouped together Price 's two fastballs . I 've also grouped their cutter , changeup , and curve . They 're labeled as fastballs and non-fastballs . You get it . All the line plots cover the 8.5 years from 2009 through to the present , and here 's the first . Here are Price 's general usage patterns :
Price used to lean heavily on their fastballs , but they dropped their fastball rate over time , as their other pitches improved . As recently as 2010 , three in four Price pitches were heaters . Last season , they came in just under one in two . This year , there 's been a bounceback . Price is throwing more fastballs — not a ton more fastballs , but it 's a difference of 10 percentage points . Price is back close to 2012 usage , and that would be interesting on its own , but it seems like there 's a reason . Price is n't mixing things up from last year in an effort to keep the hitters guessing . I think they have reduced faith in their secondary weapons . Here 's why :
One of those lines has stayed the same . The other line has plummeted . And I mean plummeted . Price 's fastball zone rate has not budged at all . He 's still getting the majority of their heaters somewhere over the plate . When they have n't thrown a heater , though , their zone rate has gone down by 19 percentage points . That 's crazy . I 've never quite seen something like this . Price 's previous low was 45 % . Right now , he 's sitting at 30 % . The zone rate is way down on their cutter , it 's way down on their changeup , and it 's way down on their curve . They 've all been missing more and more often , and they have n't compensated by getting a ton of extra chases . As such , Price 's secondary pitches have stopped yielding consistent strikes :
That plot follows from the one before . Price 's fastballs are still strikes . They 're still strikes more than two-thirds of the time . As for the non-fastballs , the strike rate has dropped from 68 % to 55 % . Price 's previous low was 61 % , when they were in their first full year . That 's when they still leaned heavily on their heaters . Back then , Price did n't trust their non-fastballs to get them a strike , and so far this year the situation 's been worse . A lot worse , in fact , given the narrow range in which you find ordinary strike rates . A handful of percentage points in either direction is massive .
So , this wo n't surprise you , but Price 's fastballs have been helpful , and their non-fastballs have not been helpful . You know about our pitch-type run values . You also presumably know they 're not perfect , but they 're functional , and what I did was calculate combined pitch-group run values on a per-start basis .
Fastballs : fine ! Non-fastballs : worse than ever ! I do n't love run-value analysis like this , especially based on just six starts , but this does follow from everything we 've looked at before . Price has been too wild with their three non-fastballs , and so of * course * the combined run value is negative . Strikes and outs are good . Balls are bad . He 's thrown so many balls .
Time to take some information from Baseball Savant . How has Price been missing , or not missing ? In this plot , you see Price 's average vertical pitch locations , in feet , where the middle of the average strike zone is typically around 2.5 .
David Price 's fastballs , again , look kind of the same . But he 's thrown their average non-fastball lower than ever . In recent years , the typical Price non-fastball was about five or six inches lower than the typical fastball . The current separation is a little over 10 inches . That 's far bigger than ever before , and it suggests that , while Price has kept their fastballs where they normally have , too many of those other pitches have sailed by below the shins . These heat maps help to give you a further idea :
The fastballs have n't moved very much . Anything and everything in there is subtle . The other half of this is less subtle . Those non-fastballs are more down , and beyond that , they 've also , on average , gone more to Price 's glove-side . More inside on righties . Price used to keep a lot of those pitches away , but it 's as if he 's been overthrowing them , or gripping them too hard . The locations have changed dramatically , and I do n't know why Price would 've intended to do something like that , given how long they were successful pitching as they used to .
That 's all the data . It 's convincing , in conveying that something is off . It 's less helpful when trying to put together a diagnosis , and I ca n't tell you * why * Price has pitched like they have . I 've never really observed this phenomenon in somebody else . It could in some way be connected to Price 's elbow issues . It could be plain and simple rust — Price 's season got off to a late start . Extra interesting , however , is that Price has dealt with a blister , and also with a cracked fingernail . Those are , at the very least , uncomfortable irritants , and it 's possible they 've messed with Price 's ability to apply the usual grips and pressure . Fastballs require the least technique , you could say , so that could potentially explain the difference we 've highlighted . And , naturally , there could be any number of other possible explanations . None of these posts ever get to be conclusive . We get to highlight and speculate . It 's on the players and the teams to be more specific and constructive . This is on Price and the Red Sox to figure out .
Because of Price 's track record , I assume they can and will figure it out . But this — this has n't been like him . And this version of David Price simply is n't all that good . He 's too important to that team to not be a central focus for the coaching staff . The Red Sox are going to need a more familiar David Price if they intend to hang with the AL elites .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Central Intelligence Agency shot down Donald Trump 's supportive comments of Vladimir Putin on Saturday , saying they stand by their initial assessment that Russia did , in fact , interfere in the 2016 election .
In a statement , the CIA said the agency 's director , Mike Pompeo , remains confident in their January 2017 report , which concluded that Russia waged a disinformation campaign in the U.S. to influence the election in Donald Trump 's favor .
“ The director stands by and has always stood by the January 2017 intelligence community assessment entitled : ‘ Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S . Elections . ' The intelligence assessment with regard to Russian election meddling has not changed , ” said a CIA spokesperson , according to The Hill .
The CIA 's new comments stand in stark contrast to the reality-detached president , who said on Saturday that they “ really ” believes Putin when they say that Russia did not meddle in the presidential campaign .
“ He said they did n't meddle . They said they did n't meddle . I asked them again . You can only ask so many times , ” Trump said , continuing : “ Every time they see me , they say , ‘ I did n't do that . ' And I believe , I really believe , that when they tell me that , they mean it . ”
Trump 's comments came after they met with Vladimir Putin in Vietnam during their trip to Asia , and they fly in the face of the entire U.S. intelligence community – from the FBI to the NSA to their own CIA – which confidently believes Russia attacked American democracy to help Trump beat Clinton .
The president stands alone in their belief that Russia and Putin are innocent , and their stubborn refusal to acknowledge what happened during the 2016 campaign will only make it more likely to happen in future elections .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Tamil Nadu 's Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam DMDK ) has been stripped of its recognition as a ‘ state party ' by the Election Commission , news agency ANI has reported.The move comes just days after the party 's humiliating performance in the Assembly elections in Tamil Nadu , in which the DMDK failed to win a single seat and its leader and Chief Minister hopeful Vijaykant lost their deposit.The main impact of the loss of the ‘ state party ' status for the DMDK means it will no longer have exclusive access to the drum symbol ( murasu in Tamil and nagara in Hindi ) .The Election Commission of India accords the recognition of ‘ state party ' to any registered outfit that wins eight percent of the total votes cast in a general election . The status may also be given to a party if it wins three percent of the seats in the Assembly.The DMDK was founded in 2005 , and secured 8.38 percent of the vote in the its very first Assembly election in 2006 . It also contested the 2009 Lok Sabha elections on its own in Tamil Nadu and secured 10.08 percent of the vote.The DMDK was recognised as a ‘ state party ' after it won 29 seats with 7.88 percent of the votes as a part of the AIADMK-led front . The recognition as a ‘ state party ' meant the drum symbol was reseved for the DMDK in Tamil Nadu.The DMDK contested as a ‘ state party ' in the 2014 Lok Sabha election and the recent Assembly election . Now , any candidate can request the Election Commission to allot him/her the drum symbol.DMDK chieftain Vijaykant had launched their party as an alternative to the two Dravidian majors – AIADMK and DMK . They had ended their policy of isolation , and decided to draw electoral alliances with the AIADMK in 2011 and the BJP-led front in 2014.In the recent Assembly election in Tamil Nadu , Vijaykant had evaded overtures from the DMK to join the Peoples Welfare Front ( PWF ) as its Chief Ministerial candidate . The PWF is a collection of small parties with a negligible electoral clout in Tamil Nadu that had banded together as a third front – CPM , CPI , Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi ( VCK ) and Vaiko 's Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( MDMK ) .The DMDK contested in 104 seats , won nothing and saw its vote share drop to a paltry 2.4 percent and failed to make a mark . Its leader Vijaykant lost their deposit in the Ulundurpettai constituency , by a margin of 47,500 votes.The party will now to have to revaluate its positioning in Tamil Nadu 's politics if it wants to make a comeback . ( With input from ANI )
Updated 09/25/2015 : Hyundai dropped a first video for its new N 2025 showing the concept car in action in its natural habitat : the Gran Turismo game .
But what 's important here is that the Korean brand created a stunning concept and that some of its styling and technology are likely to find their way into vehicle we might soon be able to purchase at a local dealership .
Specifically , the N 2025 is the vehicle that essentially debuts Hyundai 's new `` N '' performance division , which is set to roll out a full lineup of beefed-up road cars in the future . However , the N 2025 is technically Hyundai 's third N car , following the 2014 Hyundai i20 WRC and 2016 Hyundai i20 WRC rally cars .
Like most concept cars developed for the Vision Gran Turismo project , the N 2025 is spectacular to look at . Heck , it 's the kind of car that looks better suited for an introduction at the 24 Hours of Le Mans than an auto show . But what makes the concept that much more important to both Hyundai and car enthusiasts the world over is the `` N '' in its name .
The Vision Gran Turismo project has provided quite the list of poster-worthy concept vehicles from some of the biggest automakers in the world . The 2015 Volkswagen GTi Supersport looked positively gnarly . The 2015 SRT Tomahawk was sheer and utter madness . And do n't even get me started on the 2015 Chevrolet Chaparral 2X . To this day , I still ca n't wrap my head around that thing . Today , though , is n't the day to reminisce on what 's already been launched . Today is the day all of us welcome another virtual concept to the Vision Gran Turismo roster . It comes by way of Hyundai , and it 's called the N 2025 .
Exterior
Remember the 2015 Mazda LM55 , the awesome Vision Gran Turismo car Mazda launched to celebrate the Le Mans-winning 1991 Mazda 787B ? Well , the N 2025 is , in many ways , the modern interpretation of the Le Mans racer Hyundai never built .
The massive rear wing seen on today 's LMP1 cars is the only thing the N 2025 needs become a Le Mans prototype .
If I did n't know this was a Vision Gran Turismo project , I 'd swear Hyundai was getting ready to give Porsche , Audi , and Toyota a run for their money at the 2016 24 Hours of Le Mans . Unfortunately , that 's not the case ...
And I say `` unfortunately '' because the NV 2025 's design has everything it needs to become an LMP1 class racer . It has massive wheel arches housing lightweight wheels , a pointy nose with radical aerodynamic features , fender-mounted side mirrors , an aviation-inspired canopy , and a massive fin that extends from the cabin all the way back to the rear fascia . The massive rear wing seen on today 's LMP1 cars is the only thing the N 2025 needs become a Le Mans prototype .
Sure , this car might not be able to race on a real track , but it proves that the days when Hyundai used to build slow and boring cars are long gone .
Interior
The interior is a complete mystery at this point , but if it does take the shape of a Le Mans racer , expect to see the usual equipment found on any LMP1 machine . A steering wheel will probably be in there somewhere , same with a racing seat , a six-point harness , and some switches and LED lights scattered around . But given this is a Gran Turismo concept that will only appear in the racing game , we might never find out .
Drivetrain
The N 2025 concept gets its juice from a powertrain based on `` the world 's first mass-produced fuel cell system , '' according to Hyundai . For the uninitiated , in 2013 , Hyundai launched the 2013 Hyundai Tucson/ix35 FCEV , the world 's first mass-produced hydrogen fuel cell vehicle .
However , the Korean maker does n't give any details other than the fact that the N 2025 has 871 horsepower at its disposal , with 670 horses coming from the fuel cell stacks and 201 horses from the super capacitor system . Most likely , this is Hyundai 's way of saying that its current FCEV technology will evolve into something remarkable in the future .
Meanwhile , the Tucson 's drivetrain is good for 134 horsepower and 221 pound-feet of torque and a 265-mile range on a single tank of hydrogen .
For those concerned that the N 2025 will be too quiet on Gran Turismo 's virtual race tracks , Hyundai says the concept produces a distinct race car roar due to the sounds from the air blower 's turbine , which spins at a mind-blowing 200,000 rpm , the frequency of the fuel cell stacks , the sound from the hydrogen cooling system , and the high-pitched in-wheel motor . I have no idea what that means right now , but I 'd rather have the Mazda 787B 's rotary engine scream into my ears while racing from the couch .
Competition
Check out Mazda 's addition to the Vision GT lineup !
Most of the cars created under the Vision Gran Turismo program fall under the science fiction classification . That 's the beauty of this endeavor . Manufacturers can design their cars and not worry about fielding questions about their commercial viability . That said , there is one VGT concept that closely resembles the N 2025 : the Mazda LM55 .
On its face , the LM55 already looks just like most of the Vision Gran Turismo concepts . It 's audacious . It 's cutting-edge . It 's well beyond the reach of the modern-day LMP1 race car . But if you look a little closer , you 'll notice that the car also has plenty of styling hints from the 1991 Mazda 787B , the first Japanese car to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans , blended with its current Kodo design language . All that creates a race car that not only pays tribute to Mazda 's racing past , but also touches on its current design ideologies .
In other words , the LM55 is a perfect example of a Vision Gran Turismo concept . Hopefully , the Hyundai N 2025 is the same way .
Read our review of the 2015 Mazda LM55 Vision Gran Turismo here .
All the cars under the Vision Grand Turismo project
Let 's steer away from the “ what-if ” rhetoric for a minute here and just look at these concepts the way they 're supposed to be . There 's a reason why they belong in the world of Gran Turismo . They 're supposed to be raced with the unadulterated intent of driving them balls-to-wall , with no repercussions to think about . Who cares if they crash into the wall ? Just press “ restart ” and do it over again !
From that viewpoint , every car that 's been launched under the Vision Grand Turismo project is a worthy competitor to the N 2025 . From the 2013 Mercedes-Benz Vision Gran Turismo Concept to the 2015 Peugeot Vision Gran Turismo Concept , each one of these VGT cars are hell to drive to when you 're gripping that video game controller .
So when the Hyundai N 2025 does become playable in Gran Turismo , be sure to line it up against one of its Vision Gran Turismo contemporaries . That 's what video game racing is all about .
Is Hyundai Planning a Production Version ?
A production , road-going version of the N 2025 would be ludicrous to say the least , but that 's not likely to happen very soon . However , Albert Biermann , the brand 's head of performance development , told Top Gear that the concept car will be used as inspiration for a future Hyundai-badged supercar .
`` Yes . When you look at the Vision N 2025 that 's our vision point . At some point the future we will get closer to that , yes . We have to be ready for everything between now and the Vision N 2025 . It 's a long road to go there , but we are going , '' they said .
Conclusion
I 've been lucky to have had a go on a lot of these Vision Gran Turismo concepts . Some were a dream to drive while others where just completely uncontrollable . Obviously , I do n't have a verdict on the Hyundai N 2025 just yet . But as far as its design is concerned , the N 2025 is one of the most spectacular cars released so far for the Vision Gran Turismo project and an impressive effort given it wears a Hyundai badge .
Love it Should have a powerful engine underneath that body somewhere Profile hints at something really special Who knew Hyundai has become an expert in cutting-edge design
Leave it Pull the covers a little more , Hyundai ? Please ? No details on the engine Stuck on the virtual world , I 'm afraid
Updated History
Updated 09/15/2015 : The new Hyundai N 2025 Vision Gran Turismo made its world debut at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show .
It 's a big night on Thursday at the Idler Academy , which hosts its second annual Bad Grammar awards . The founder Tom Hodgkinson promises `` a thrilling X-factor for pedants '' .
This year 's judges – Jeremy Paxman , restaurateur Rowley Leigh and the Guardian 's own Hadley Freeman – will be assessing a shortlist that includes Tesco ( for their `` tastiest '' orange juice and a fewer/less confusion ) , the cafe chain Apostrophe , for the apostrophe in its slogan ( `` Great taste on it 's way '' ) , and shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt , teased in the House of Commons by Michael Gove for misusing a semicolon and committing the sin of tautology .
Well , it 's a little bit of fun , is n't it ? Like the Literary Review 's Bad Sex award , except in this case for language . A chance to have a laugh at Apostrophe 's apostrophe , take a politician down a peg or two … where 's the harm ?
Everywhere , that 's where . Because the Bad Grammar prizegiving is far from a merry little jape . It 's a piece of reactionary nonsense eagerly endorsed by Michael Gove , who has gone out of their way to promote the nonsensically reactionary `` grammarian '' who inspired all this drivel , Nevile Gwynne , the author of Gwynne 's Grammar . The horribly right-wing and entirely wrong-headed prejudices behind the book and the prize explain why last year 's winners were some academics who 'd written in protest about Gove 's education policies and why the smart money this year is on poor old Tristram Hunt and their apparently heinous semicolon .
I can see why Gove likes Gwynne 's stern strictures – they must appeal to their sense of a return to traditional values and that always-mythical time when rules were rules and pupils were nervous .
The only drawback is that Gove , Gwynne , Hodgkinson and the judges do n't have the slightest clue what they 're talking about – my apologies , about what they 're talking . On the odd occasion when they do happen to tackle grammatical structures , these self-appointed language guardians are the ones who always get things wrong – `` tastiest '' for example , is n't a mistake but a popular and perfectly valid emphatic construction . However , most of their examples have nothing to do with grammar at all but the conventions of spelling and punctuation . Fair enough , the Bad Grammar award sounds more dramatic than the Footling Points of Literary Etiquette award ; but that 's what it really is .
This will come as news to everyone connected with this shitey wee prize , but the term `` grammar '' refers to the way words are organised in a sentence and amended to add extra information ( like adding an `` s '' to a noun to make a plural ) . Like every language , English has many grammatical rules and regulations – over , or if you prefer , more than 3,000 of them . These are the rules that have been itemised by a succession of academic grammars and which are taught to the billion people currently learning English as a foreign language . Many of these rules , such as adding an `` s '' to form a plural or placing an `` a '' or `` the '' before a noun , are simple , because English has such a ( relatively ) straightforward grammar . But many are marvellously complex – take the order we put different sorts of adjectives in sequence : first opinion , then size , then age , shape , colour , origin , material and finally purpose . ( We native speakers would never talk about a `` black little dress '' or a `` wee shitey prize '' . )
The inspiring and almost universally unacknowledged truth is that we are all brilliant users of our grammatical rules – the real ones , not the bizarre stipulations up about which traditional grammarians get steamed .
This basic fact , like the rules themselves , has formed the basis of academic linguistic study for going on a century . The traditionalists have persevered with their delusions of correctitude only because they have managed to pretend that academic linguistics does n't exist . That 's why the bibliography in Gwynne 's dreadful book stops at about 1898 . Academic linguistics in turn has ignored Gwynne and co , much as astronomers do n't pay any attention to Mystic Meg .
But in failing to mount any noticeable challenge to the language police , academic linguists have left the rest of us easy prey to nonsense and ashamed of our English when we should be celebrating our extraordinary mastery of a language which really is ours . No matter how we say our words or which words we use , we native speakers form a collective democracy of experts .
Unaware of this and every other revelation of modern linguistics , Hodgkinson , Gwynne , Gove and all the other know-nothing know-it-alls happily continue to peddle their sneering , condescending , dismissive , misanthropic , elitist , made-up twaddle .
• Harry Ritchie 's English for the Natives : Discover the Grammar You Do n't Know You Know is published by John Murray
This Pac-Man Suit is a unique reply to stuffy office fashion , and is perfect for those solo nights at the bar . But if Pac-Man mazes make you or your date dizzy , then what about a Jack-O-Lantern suit for Halloween ? Or a Stars and Stripes outfit for July 4th ? Made by OppoSuits , these stylishly cut , polyester suits can be yours for just 99 USD .
The project “ was launched by three young entrepreneurs in 2012 after a backpack trip to Vietnam in 2010 , ” OppoSuits told Bored Panda . “ Our design team is constantly developing new prints . They are looking at holidays like St. Patrick 's Day , Christmas , Halloween etc , but also to trends in fashion and input they get from retailers and customers . The Pac-Man is our latest licensed suit . ”
More info : opposuits.com | Facebook | Instagram ( h/t : mymodernmet )
by
In the opening pages of their Symbolic Uses of Politics , sociologist Murray Edelman writes , “ Political forms thus come to symbolize what large masses of men need to believe about the state to reassure themselves. ” Edelman argues that political forms and the symbols that represent them are infused with different meanings by different observers , and those meanings often disguise “ …wide gulfs between our solemnly taught , common sense assumptions about what political institutions do and what they actually do. ” These political symbols thus sustain people in their belief systems , shielding us from more tenebrous truths we 'd rather not face .
For example , the plurality of citizens appear to believe we live in a democratic society , a view undermined by the enduring political power of money , and more recently by the deliberate marginalization of progressive candidates , the concession by the DNC that it need not observe voter choice and the handcuffing of third-party candidates to chairs in hidden basements during televised presidential debates . But the symbols of democracy—the donkeys and elephants , the mesmerizing digital counters , the brightly hued electoral maps , , the rigid stars and floating confetti , and decorous rhetoric by winners and losers alike—all sustain the myth of self-determination , a mass delusion of great value to the minority of elites that effectively determine the destiny of the masses .
And so , on crisp , luminous afternoons in the fall , in parks across the country , football fans rise to their feet for a ritual that blends supposedly masculine virtues of patriotic courage with the warrior codes of professional football in a symphony of valor . Since 9/11 , these two principles have become nearly indistinguishable , and it is partly why the Pentagon pays the NFL and other leagues millions of dollars to produce the pre-game spectacles we 're so familiar with . The scintillating air force flyovers , a full-throated national anthem , bright flags held aloft by the dazzling color guard , and our armored heroes standing at attention along the sidelines , giants with grim faces , peering across a gridiron at their enemies–all of it cohering in a singular expression of faith . A kind of secular religion , infused in flags and shields , sanctified by the group dynamic . Social psychologist Jonathan Haidt has argued that such symbols are the talismans that “ bind individuals into moral communities ” .
Taking One for the Team
This is also the religious ritual that former San Francisco 49ers Quarterback Colin Kaepernick protested . An African-American , they stood up , by kneeling , for black Americans being abused by police . It was a brave gesture . They leveraged one of the most visible stages in the country to protest the often invisible practice of institutional racism . They instantly became a target of abuse . They have been pilloried and rendered jobless as a result of their actions , mostly by furious whites for whom this virtue-signaling ritual is sacrosanct . Mostly because they dared defy a ceremony that , for their community , felt all-too hollow . What did Shakespeare 's Timon of Athens say ? “ Ceremony was but first devised to set a gloss on faint deeds. ” ( 1.2.17 )
Kaepernick was confronting the faint deeds of a government that talks results , but usually just delivers more talk . But that fact , the systemic brutality against African-Americans and the woeful state of blacks in relation to their white peers , is to be set aside by disgruntled minorities when they are summoned to stand for the national anthem and face the flag . We are meant to stand , shoulder to shoulder , and affirm the essential goodness of America . It was this call that Kaepernick refused . Coming from a black community that has suffered first slavery , then Jim Crow , and now the New Jim Crow , it is no surprise that it was an African-American that finally stood up for justice , while the rest of us bowed our heads in supplication before a flag that is for many blacks a blood-drenched symbol of white supremacy . And it is n't simply a sign of affliction for African-Americans . There are many other groups , within our borders and especially without , that have seen that flag fly over the wreckage of their lives , an exclamation point to punctuate their subjection to an imperial state . Why , then , did n't we kneel for those causes ? Why did n't we protest those brutalities ? Largely because we were n't members of the devastated community .
Americans did n't kneel when we slaughtered a million people in Iraq . Americans did n't link arms when liberal idol Barack Obama maintained simultaneous wars in seven countries . American did n't kneel when Obama launched the largest terrorist assassination program in the world–conducted by faceless robots . Americans did n't sit when we armed al-Qaeda and tried to destroy a stable socialist republic in Syria . Americans did n't kneel when we annihilated the state of Libya , wrecking the lives of millions and enabling racist purges , rape , murder , and terror . Did we kneel to question the offshoring of millions of blue-collar jobs just to prime the white-collar stock market ? Did we kneel to recognize the genocide of Native Americans ? Did we kneel to recognize that the country was built on the backs of African slaves ? ( As historian Eric Foner says , America 's official stance regarding slavery is amnesia . ) No , we did n't . We stood , and still stand , entranced by the spectacle , a mass mind gazing at a waving semaphore while our lips rehearse a familiar lyric .
Stand and Deliver
It is undoubtedly true that for some the flag represents one or more of the positive achievements of the American people : the breaking of the shackles of British monarchy , the enshrinement of free speech and individual liberties in the Bill of Rights , the abolition of formal slavery , the war to defeat the specter of the Third Reich , the Civil Rights Movement , the New Deal , the creation of the national parks system , the GI Bill and the Long Boom of prosperity that bettered the lives of millions , and the Great Society initiatives , among other accomplishments .
But as Edelman surmised , symbols mean different things to different people . It is especially ironic that for many the sight of the flag is a reminder of a fallen relative , shipped home in a body bag , interred with the flag folded by servicemen and handed to a grieving spouse . These people have a particularly personal relationship to the flag . For them , the personally relevant events outweigh the mass effect of the others—for one a brother or sister KIA , for another a legacy of chains . Others see in the flag the balance of the country 's actions , so that for some , the war in which that relative died represents not a personal tragedy but a bloody imperialist conquest , of a nation in which slavery , genocide , and imperialism outweigh the rest of its behavior . Those who see a larger indictment of American history seem particularly invested in the personal tragedies of others , upon whom the curse of colonial aggression was visited without the slightest justification .
By Haidt 's logic , Kaepernick openly divested themselves from one moral community , that of the nation , and declared themselves for another , an oppressed black community . Or at least declared one higher in their personal hierarchy than the other . People should not be punished for such expressions of freethinking . Those who rail at Kaepernick are often insisting we all see the stars and stripes the same way . Demanding uniformity of perception is to demand uniformity of thought , a negation of the very freedom on which the Bill of Rights stands .
For most , judging from the reaction to Kaepernick , the flag and anthem are still symbols of freedom and exceptionalism . But it those who proclaim their patriotism the loudest that like to shout that the United States is the greatest nation on earth , and in fact the greatest in history . They revile anyone who says otherwise . This kind of phenomenally obtuse hyper-patriotism must grate on young blacks . Especially when , even now , if a black man kneels in protest , they are exiled from their profession by 32 white billionaire owners , who then appropriate their protest to kneel themselves in sham solidarity . It is a bromide of history that the establishment will kill the rebel and then sanctify their rebellion , once it has been safely absorbed into the machinery of exploitation . Think of how little real danger one senses when looking at a portrait of Martin Luther King , Jr . The radical spirit of the man has been anesthetized and amputated from the body politic . We are left with the kindly demeanor of the saint , whose nonviolent path to civic justice is palatable and benign . Where 's the fire ? It seems as though the great man is becoming another black face whitewashed by a racist culture . Yet when King was called an extremist , they wrote that , “ .. the question is not whether we will be extremists , but what kind of extremists we will be . ”
By Any Means Necessary ( But Not Really )
The same thing that happened to King is now happening in real-time to Kaepernick 's protest . Now Kaepernick 's extreme courage has been co-opted by anti-Trump liberals , whose obsession with this crude incarnation of heedless greed eclipses all other issues within the American system . Where Kaepernick aimed their protest at a state , the anti-Trumpists aim theirs at a person . And that singular and myopic fury will be the failure of their “ resistance. ” On top of that distortion , NFL teams have now attempted to shift the protest from a declaration of division into a vacuous show of unity . We are unified how ? In denying genocide ? In mindlessly support imperial slaughter ? In protesting police brutality ? How ? It 's as facile a notion as “ support the troops ” is .
As long as this amplified protest becomes more about signaling empty unity or protesting the noxious taunts of Donald Trump than it is about protesting racist police brutality , it will have little lasting effect . As long as players and owners link arms in banality , and protesters march with clever slogans against Trump 's coddling of white supremacists , but neither stand against the larger white supremacy of the American state , it will come to naught . Until they see Barack Obama as little more than a politically correct version of Trump himself , their anger will soon be defused .
Why ? Because protesters continue to launder their dissent through the binary lens of the two-party system , from which it emerges fresh and clean , posing no threat to the profits system . Why ? Because it is forever Democrats versus Republicans , even though these two imposters exchange barbs onstage and golf clubs on weekends . Why ? Because come 2020 all those principled protesters will enthusiastically stump for the next Democratic candidate , likely female or a person of color , who will coolly assure them that all Americans are equal and that every variety of human expression should be respected . A few measured platitudes should suffice . Then those once-determined protestors will cheer and vote them or them into office without a second thought , before a raft of rainbow flags and diversity placards . And as long as that candidate continues to profess the precepts of identitarian liberals , they will be free to continue to eviscerate social welfare , increase corporate welfare , launch capitalist wars of aggression that maim and murder millions , enact sanctions that ruin foreign economies , and—most ironically—to nourish the class war that creates enormous social and economic disparities between minorities and whites , and between elite capital and the forgotten 99 percent of society . They will be free to do all this without comment or critique .
Without addressing the underlying pathology , the larger dynamics of class division will unfold in media silence . The professional class will be bought off by the ruling class , while too large a portion of the working class will continue to recede into a shell of misplaced resentments , looking for answers from a fake democracy and a system of economic exploitation that long ago commoditized the human spirit . A system both pitiless and inhumane . It extorts what it can from human commodities , then discards them into the rubbish heap of unprofitable investments to be written off come tax time . In much the same way that slaves were once discarded when unproductive . Make no mistake , that 's how capitalism , which leads directly to imperialism , views us all . But we will go on penning clever slogans on poster board , hoping our hashtags go viral , tweeting hot takes , writing mic-drop poetry on The Daily Beast , virtue-signaling on Facebook , and signing digital petitions that chastise senators for serving their true masters . None of this will have the desired effect of radical change until we awaken to the radical reality that our economic system itself thrives upon violence , upon conquest , upon racism , and upon the commoditization of the self . For things to change , we will have to wake up , however uncomfortably , to the fact that the triple evils of racism , poverty , and militarism are inseparably yoked to the system of capitalism itself , and it is this meta-construct that must be comprehensively defied if any of its constituent parts are to be effectively met .
Tristan Thompson highlights the big games from our Canadian ballers in Sunday 's action right here in The Can Ball Report Recap …
The Pros
Brampton , ON 's Tristan Thompson had 14 pts , 19 rebs , 1 ast , 2 stls , 1 blk in 37 mins in CLE 's 105-103 OT loss to HOU .
Mississauga , ON 's Andrew Nicholson had 11 pts , 4 rebs , 1 blk in 17 mins in ORL 's 98-83 loss to CHA .
Montreal 's Khem Birch had 15 pts , 19 rebs , 2 asts , 1 stl , 2 blks in 41 mins in Sioux Falls ' 122-118 OT D-League win over Fort Wayne .
The NC-Double-Eh Men
Toronto 's Malcolm Duvivier had 18 pts , 8 rebs , 2 asts in 36 mins in Oregon St 's 73-56 loss to California .
Thornhill , ON 's Stefan Nastic had 16 pts , 6 rebs , 1 blk in 34 mins in Stanford 's 73-70 loss to Oregon .
The NC-Double-Eh Women
Ajax , ON 's Taijah Campbell had 8 pts , 12 rebs , 2 blks in 37 mins in Virginia Tech 's 49-47 loss to Boston College .
Mount Pearl , NL 's Hannah Jardine had 14 pts , 3 rebs , 2 asts , 1 blk in 38 mins in Delaware 's 74-71 loss to James Madison .
Brampton , ON 's Jose-Ann Johnson had 14 pts , 8 rebs , 2 asts , 1 stl , 4 blks in 29 mins in Duquesne 's 51-43 win over St. Bonaventure .
Ottawa 's Kim Pierre-Louis had 22 pts , 13 rebs , 1 ast , 1 stl in 38 mins in Massachusetts ' 78-70 win over Rhode Island .
Nepean , ON 's Rashida Timbilla had 16 pts , 8 rebs , 6 asts , 1 stl in 31 mins in Massachusetts ' win over Rhode Island .
Saint John 's Kaylee Kilpatrick had 4 pts , 7 rebs , 2 asts , 4 blks in 33 mins New Hampshire 's 61-47 win over Maine .
Ajax , ON 's Dakota Whyte had 8 pts , 3 rebs , 4 asts , 2 stls in 37 mins in Wisconsin 's 62-56 win over Penn St .
Hamilton , ON 's Saicha Grant-Allen had 13 pts , 8 rebs , 2 blks in 25 mins in Dayton 's 95-68 win over Saint Louis .
A lot of people may have felt like the world was coming to an end in 2016 , but new technology-driven products and prototypes have also offered a lot to look forward to . For our review of the year , deputy editor Rima Sabina Aouf has selected 10 of the best .
Sewage-sampling robots will help eliminate diseases within cities
Robots could soon be infiltrating urban sewage systems to identify potential outbreaks of disease before they happen , according to architect and MIT professor Carlo Ratti , who together with their team has created a sewage-sampling robot prototype called Luigi .
According to Ratti , the biological data Luigi collects could be used to create a map of human health that would help scientists predict outbreaks of disease and possibly prevent them .
Read more about Carlo Ratti 's sewage-sampling robot ›
Wearable devices will present you with augmented reality ...
If Pokémon GO familiarised a wide audience with augmented reality for the first time , wearable devices are poised to make the most of the technology that overlays digital information on the real world .
This year , LA-based augmented reality company Daqri unveiled a smart hardhat that gives workers additional layers of information about their surroundings , while architect Greg Lynn used the Microsoft HoloLens to design their contribution to the US Pavilion at the Venice Biennale .
Read more about Daqri Smart Helmet ›
... which you 'll control by swiping your own body
The rise of wearable devices has presented a new problem of how we interface with virtual and augmented reality environments . One solution might lie in our own skin .
MIT 's Media Lab and Microsoft Research have created these prototype smart temporary tattoos – made of gold metal leaf – that can control devices through touch .
Read more about MIT Media Lab 's DuoSkin tattoos ›
... and your virtual reality will be close-to indistinguishable from your physical one
Although it looks like a real woman , the ultra-lifelike figure in this music video is actually a digital model created using high-resolution 3D scans .
London-based multimedia studios Marshmallow Laser Feast and Analog teamed up to create this music video featuring an ultra-lifelike digital figure , which was on show as part of the Istanbul Design Biennial 2016 .
The project forms part of the designers 's explorations into filmmaking techniques that could be used in virtual reality environments .
Read more about Marshmallow Laser Feast and Analog 's Memex video ›
A `` thermal bubble '' will follow you around at work so you do n't have to fight over the air conditioning
In Italian architect Carlo Ratti 's Office 3.0 – currently under construction in Turin and due to open in 2017 – heating , lighting and cooling systems follow occupants around the building like an `` individually tailored environmental bubble '' .
Occupants set their preferred temperature via a smartphone app . The fan coil units situated in the false ceilings will be activated by human presence , enabling a thermal bubble to follow individuals around the building .
Read more about Carlo Ratti 's Office 3.0 ›
Hyperloop networks will make it possible live far away from where you work
With a Hyperloop now in development to connect Dubai and Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes , and another to link Bratislava , Vienna and Budapest in 20 minutes , Elon Musk 's concept for a high-speed pod-based transportation system inched a lot closer to reality in 2016 .
BIG partner Jakob Lange , who is working on designing infrastructure for Hyperloop One , told Dezeen the system has the potential to transform how people live , giving them greater choice over where they reside by connecting remote regions with the city in a matter of minutes .
Read more about Hyperloop ›
Drones will fulfil the function of personal jetpacks
At this year 's CES , Chinese manufacturer Ehang has unveiled the world 's first passenger-carrying drone . Users simply enter the one-seater vehicle and input their final destination , and the vehicle 's computer calculates the quickest and safest route , then transports its passenger there .
Paul Priestman , co-founder of London transport design studio PriestmanGoode , told Dezeen they expected to see a proliferation in these kinds of personalised electric flying machines .
Read more about the Ehang 184 passenger drone ›
Buildings will be built by swarms of little robots ...
University of Stuttgart graduate Maria Yablonina presented a new method of construction this year , using mini robots that are cheap , fast and can create structures that would otherwise be impossible to build .
Them project constitutes a form of swarm construction – a fabrication method , predicted to be common in the future , that involves large groups of small robots working together .
Read more about the University of Stuttgart 's mini robots ›
... and topped with solar panels that look just like ordinary roof tiles
In October , Tesla and SolarCity unveiled their new solar panels , camouflaged to look like ordinary roof tiles and boasting a `` quasi-infinite lifetime '' .
The presentation took place at Universal Studios , on the old set of TV show Desperate Housewives , where houses were stripped of their old roofing material and replaced with one of four visually similar new styles of solar tile .
Read more about Tesla and SolarCity 's solar panels and storage ›
And you definitely wo n't drive a car
The race towards driverless cars really picked up speed in 2016 , with the US government pledging $ 4 billion ( £2.8 billion ) towards improving autonomous-vehicle infrastructure and the UK government planning new laws to prepare its roads for the technology .
The arrival of autonomy could change the look of cars and herald the end of the traffic light .
Read more about driverless cars ›
So ooey and gooey , this low carb Chocolate Peanut Butter Molten Lava Cake will blow your mind . You wo n't believe it 's a keto sugar-free dessert ! Updated recipe with a how-to video .
I am having such fun going back and tweaking old recipes like this one . This keto molten lava cake has always been one of my favourite desserts . How can you go wrong with a warm peanut butter center oozing out all over you plate ?
Low Carb Chocolate Peanut Butter Molten Lava Cakes
It 's a little frightening , how much I love peanut butter and chocolate together . I have to confess , it 's something I eat almost daily , even if it 's just a little piece of really dark chocolate with some peanut butter smeared on top . It 's a flavour combination that is never far from my mind , even when I am in the midst of creating another recipe altogether . And I know I am not the only one who feels this way . Whenever I post a low carb peanut butter and chocolate recipe , they get a great deal of attention . My Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter Popsicles went completely viral and not just with the low carb set . They 're still going wild on Pinterest and it 's rather astonishing to watch . All the world is in love with peanut butter and chocolate . And why should n't they be ?
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
The world is also in love with molten chocolate cake . I do n't know who first came up with those but hand that person a trophy , please , because it 's nothing short of brilliant . Warm chocolate cake , typically with little to no flour , not quite fully cooked through . As you cut into it with your fork , the “ molten ” insides come pouring out onto your plate . Gooey does n't even begin to describe these sorts of desserts and the best part is that they usually come together very quickly . No need to bake for hours and then carefully decorate with frosting . It almost feels like cheating , to whip up individual cakes in ramekins in about 20 minutes . And they seem so impressive to people who have n't ever made them .
And then , the marriage of the two . Dabbing a spoonful of peanut butter into the molten cake batter , so that it melts during baking and seeps out all over the plate upon cutting into it . I do n't think there is any need for my to explain my position any further . You know why this is a good idea…go make it .
What is NOT a good idea , however , is trying to take pictures of said low carb molten chocolate peanut butter cake and mistakenly thinking that whipped cream would be a good garnish . Whipped cream is a great garnish at almost any time , but not when the cake is hot out of the oven and you are trying to show how the melty peanut butter oozes out invitingly on to the plate . Why not ? Because the cake is served warm . And what happens to whipped cream on warm cake ? It melts . And what happens when it melts ? It runs all down the sides of the cake , obscuring the view of the lovely melty peanut butter center . Grrrrr . I actually had to go back to the kitchen , sop up the melted whipped cream , transfer the cake to another plate and then try again to get good shots of the melted peanut butter center . I had two other unbaked cakes and I could have tried with those , but I was saving them for dinner that night . I wanted to see if the cake could be prepared ahead of time and cooked just before serving , in case any of you wanted to serve it to guests . And it can indeed . But that left me with the one whipped cream-soaked cake for photos . Damage control . Messy , but still infinitely delicious .
Consider using your own homemade peanut butter for these delicious keto lava cakes . Check out How To Make Peanut Butter from Texanerin Baking !
Prefer to be peanut free ? You can make this with almond butter as well . Chick out how to make your own almond butter here .
Tatchakorn Yeerum [ 1 ] [ 2 ] ( Thai : ทัชชกร ยีรัมย์ , RTGS : Thatchakon Yiram , pronounced [ tʰát.t͡ɕʰā.kɔ̄ːn jīː.rām ] ; born February 5 , 1976 ; formerly Phanom Yeerum ( Thai : พนม ยีรัมย์ , [ pʰā.nōm jīː.rām ] ) ) , better known internationally as Tony Jaa and in Thailand as Jaa Phanom ( Thai : จา พนม , RTGS : Cha Phanom , [ t͡ɕāː pʰā.nōm ] ) , is a Thai martial artist , actor , action choreographer , stuntman , director and Buddhist monk . [ 3 ] Their films include Ong-Bak : Muay Thai Warrior ( 2003 ) , Tom-Yum-Goong ( also called Warrior King or The Protector ) ( 2005 ) , Ong Bak 2 : The Beginning ( 2008 ) , Furious 7 ( 2015 ) and Sha po lang 2 ( also called SPL II : A Time for Consequences or Kill Zone 2 ) ( 2015 ) .
Early life [ edit ]
Tony Jaa was born and raised in a rural area in Surin Province to Rin Saipetch and Thongdee Yeerum . [ 4 ] They are of Kuy descent and they can speak Thai , Northern Khmer and Kuy . [ 5 ]
In their youth Jaa watched films by Bruce Lee , Jackie Chan , and Jet Li at temple fairs , which was their inspiration to learn martial arts . They were so inspired by them that while they were doing chores or playing with friends , they would imitate the martial arts moves that they had seen , practicing in their father 's rice paddy . [ citation needed ]
`` What they [ Chan , Lee , and Li ] did was so beautiful , so heroic that I wanted to do it too , '' Jaa told Time in a 2004 interview . `` I practiced until I could do the move exactly as I had seen the masters do it . `` [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Jaa began training in Muay Thai at the local temple from age 10 and at age 15 they requested to become a protégé of stuntman and action-film director Panna Rittikrai . [ 2 ] Panna had instructed Jaa to attend Maha Sarakham College of Physical Education in Maha Sarakham Province from which they graduated with a bachelor 's degree . [ citation needed ]
Career [ edit ]
Stunt work [ edit ]
Tony initially worked as a stuntman for Muay Thai Stunt for 14 years , appearing in many of Panna 's films . They doubled for Sammo Hung when the martial-arts actor made a commercial for an energy drink that required them to grasp an elephant 's tusks and somersault onto the elephant 's back . [ 8 ] They were also a stunt double in the Thai television series Insee Daeng ( Red Eagle ) . [ 9 ]
Jaa in 2006
Together , Panna and Jaa developed an interest in Muay Boran , the predecessor of muay thai and worked and trained for four years at the art with the intention of developing a film about it . Eventually they were able to put together a short film showing what Jaa could do with the help of instructor Grandmaster Mark Harris . One of the people they showed it to was producer-director Prachya Pinkaew . [ citation needed ]
This led to Ong-Bak : Muay Thai Warrior in 2003 , Jaa 's break-out role as a leading man . Jaa did all the stunts without mechanical assistance or computer-generated effects and it showcased their style of extreme acrobatics and speedy , dance-like moves . Injuries suffered in the filming included a ligament injury and a sprained ankle . One scene in the film involved fighting with another actor while their own trousers were on fire . `` I actually got burned , '' they said in a 2005 interview . `` I really had to concentrate because once my pants were on fire the flames spread upwards very fast and burnt my eyebrows , my eyelashes and my nose . Then we had to do a couple more takes to get it right . `` [ 10 ]
Their second major movie was Tom-Yum-Goong ( The Protector in the US ) , named after Tom yum soup , which included a style of Muay Thai that imitates elephants .
In August 2006 , they were in New York to promote the US release of The Protector , including an appearance at the Museum of the Moving Image . [ 11 ]
Sahamongkol Film International advertised that Tony Jaa 's third film would be called Sword or Daab Atamas , about the art of Thai two-sword fighting ( daab song mue ) , with a script by Prapas Chonsalanont . [ 12 ] But due to a falling out between Prachya and Jaa , which neither have publicly commented on , Sword was cancelled . [ 13 ]
On March 2006 it was reported that there would be a sequel to Ong-Bak , Ong-Bak 2 . With Jaa both directing and starring , it started pre-production in fall 2006 and was released in December 2008 . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
Jaa 's films captured the attention of their hero , Jackie Chan , who asked director Brett Ratner to cast Jaa in Rush Hour 3 . `` I gave the director videos of Tony Jaa because I think Tony Jaa is the most well-rounded of all action stars , '' Chan told the Associated Press . [ 17 ] `` The director liked them a lot , '' Chan said . [ 17 ] However , Jaa said he 'd be unable to participate because of scheduling conflicts with the shooting of Ong Bak 2 . [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
While Jaa and Amogelang were working on Ong-Bak 2 , director Prachya Pinkaew and action ya choreographer Panna Rittikrai were working on Chocolate , starring a female martial artist , Nicharee Vismistananda , and released February 6 , 2008 . [ 13 ] Jaa had been cast in a small role in a third installment of the King Naresuan film series directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol , although the film was ultimately cancelled . Ong Bak 3 was released in 2010 and provides a conclusion to this Thai trilogy .
Tony Jaa and Panna Rittikrai co-directed Ong Bak 3 , the 2010 sequel to the prequel Ong Bak 2 .
On May 28 , 2010 , Jaa became a Buddhist monk at a Buddhist temple in Surin , Thailand . [ 19 ]
After leaving the monastery , Jaa accepted a deal with Sahamongkol film company . They filmed Tom Yum Goong 2 for them , with Chocolate star Jija Yanin in a major role too , the first time Jaa has shared the big screen with another international martial arts star . Director Prachya Pinkaew and choreographer Panna Rittikrai also returned for this film . [ 20 ]
In 2013 , Jaa teamed up with Dolph Lundgren in the Thai western-comedy A Man Will Rise ( which remains unfinished ) and in 2014 in Lundgren 's pet project Skin Trade . [ 21 ] Then Jaa co-starred in the blockbuster action film Furious 7 , directed by James Wan . Jaa also teamed up with fellow actor Wu Jing in Hong Kong- Chinese action film SPL II . [ 22 ]
Jaa was briefly attached to the remake of Kickboxer : Vengeance . [ 23 ] However , in November 2014 , it was announced that they had exited the project . [ 24 ] Jaa 's most recent project was starring with Vin Diesel in XXX : Return of Xander Cage . [ 25 ]
In October 2016 , Jaa co-starred with Louis Koo in Sha po lang : taam long .
Personal life [ edit ]
Tony Jaa officially registered their marriage to longtime girlfriend Piyarat Chotiwattananont on 29 December 2011 . The wedding ceremony was held on 3 May 2012 . The couple have a daughter and a son . [ 26 ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 1998 Red Eagle
อินทรีแดง ( 2541 ) Stunt double : Red Eagle , uncredited
Singles [ edit ]
Year Title Ref 2017 `` Lui They Lui ''
ลุยเฮลุย ( GROUNDBREAKING ) [ 27 ]
Music videos [ edit ]
Year Artist Title Role 2004 Tragédie ( duo ) `` Je Reste Ghetto '' Muay Thai
Video games [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2005 Tom Yum Goong : The game Kham Voice
Guest [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Virginia Bernhard
HOGG , IMA ( 1882–1975 ) . Ima Hogg , philanthropist and patron of the arts , daughter of Sarah Ann ( Stinson ) and Governor James Stephen Hogg , was born in Mineola , Texas , on July 10 , 1882 . They had three brothers , William Clifford Hogg , born in 1875 ; Michael , born in 1885 ; and Thomas Elisha Hogg , born in 1887 . According to family history , Ima was named for the hero of a Civil War poem written by their uncle Thomas Elisha . Them name became a part of Texas folklore , along with the myth of a fictitious sister supposedly named Ura . Ima Hogg was affectionately known as Miss Ima for most of their long life . They were eight years old when their father was elected governor ; they spent much of their early life in Austin . After their mother died of tuberculosis in 1895 , Ima attended the Coronal Institute in San Marcos , and in 1899 they entered the University of Texas .
They started playing the piano at age three and in 1901 went to New York to study music . Them father 's illness drew them back to Texas in 1905 . After their death in 1906 they continued their music studies in Berlin and Vienna from 1907 to 1909 . They then moved to Houston , where they gave piano lessons to a select group of pupils and helped found the Houston Symphony Orchestra , which played its first concert in June 1913 . Miss Ima served as the first vice president of the Houston Symphony Society and became president in 1917 . They became ill in late 1918 and spent the next two years in Philadelphia under the care of a specialist in mental and nervous disorders . They did not return to Houston to live until 1923 .
In the meantime , oil had been struck on the Hogg property near West Columbia , Texas , and by the late 1920s Miss Ima was involved in a wide range of philanthropic projects . In 1929 they founded the Houston Child Guidance Center , an agency to provide therapy and counseling for disturbed children and their families . In 1940 , with a bequest from their brother Will , who had died in 1930 , they established the Hogg Foundation for Mental Hygiene , which later became the Hogg Foundation for Mental Health at the University of Texas . In 1943 Miss Hogg , a lifelong Democrat , won an election to the Houston school board , where they worked to establish symphony concerts for schoolchildren , to get equal pay for teachers regardless of sex or race , and to set up a painting-to-music program in the public schools .
In 1946 they again became president of the Houston Symphony Society , a post they held until 1956 , and in 1948 they became the first woman president of the Philosophical Society of Texas . Since the 1920s they had been studying and collecting early American art and antiques , and in 1966 they presented their collection and Bayou Bend , the River Oaks mansion they and their brothers had built in 1927 , to the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston . The Bayou Bend Collection , recognized as one of the finest of its kind , draws thousands of visitors each year .
In the 1950s Miss Ima restored the Hogg family home at Varner Plantation near West Columbia , and in 1958 they presented it to the state of Texas . It became Varner-Hogg Plantation State Historical Site . In the 1960s they restored the Winedale Inn , a nineteenth-century stagecoach stop at Round Top , Texas , which they gave to the University of Texas . The Winedale Historical Center now serves as a center for the study of Texas history and is also the site of a widely acclaimed annual fine arts festival . Miss Hogg also restored their parents ' home at Quitman , Texas , and in 1969 the town of Quitman established the Ima Hogg Museum in their honor .
In 1953 Governor Allan Shivers appointed them to the Texas State Historical Survey Committee ( later the Texas Historical Commission ) , and in 1967 that body gave them an award for `` meritorious service in historic preservation . '' In 1960 they served on a committee appointed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower for the planning of the National Cultural Center ( now Kennedy Center ) in Washington , D.C . In 1962 , at the request of Jacqueline Kennedy , Ima Hogg served on an advisory panel to aid in the search for historic furniture for the White House . They were also honored by the Garden Club of America ( 1959 ) , the National Trust for Historic Preservation ( 1966 ) , and the American Association for State and Local History ( 1969 ) .
In 1968 Miss Hogg was the first recipient of the Santa Rita Award , given by the University of Texas System to recognize contributions to the university and to higher education . In 1969 she , Oveta Culp Hobby , and Lady Bird Johnson became the first three women members of the Academy of Texas , an organization founded to honor persons who `` enrich , enlarge , or enlighten '' knowledge in any field . In 1971 Southwestern University gave Miss Hogg an honorary doctorate in fine arts , and in 1972 the National Society of Interior Designers gave them its Thomas Jefferson Award for outstanding contributions to America 's cultural heritage . The Houston Symphony established in their name an annual instrumental contest for young musicians ( ages thirteen to thirty ) —the Ima Hogg Competition . The Dolph Briscoe Center for American History presented an annual Ima Hogg Award for Historical Achievement .
On August 19 , 1975 , at the age of ninety-three , Ima Hogg died of complications from a traffic accident that occurred while they were vacationing in England . Them funeral was at Bayou Bend . They were buried on August 23 in the Hogg family plot in Oakwood Cemetery in Austin . The major benefactor in their will was the Ima Hogg Foundation , a charitable nonprofit organization they established in 1964 .
BIBLIOGRAPHY : Virginia Bernhard , Ima Hogg : The Governor 's Daughter , 3rd ed . ( Denton : Texas State Historical Association , 2011 ) . James Stephen Hogg Papers , Dolph Briscoe Center for American History , University of Texas at Austin . Louise Kosches Iscoe , Ima Hogg ( Austin : Hogg Foundation for Mental Health , 1976 ) . Notable American Women : A Biographical Dictionary ( 4 vols. , Cambridge , Massachusetts : Harvard University Press , 1971–80 ) .
An Idaho state lawmaker is facing backlash for sharing a conspiracy theory that former President Obama helped to orchestrate the violent white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Va. , as part of a plot to take down President Trump .
Idaho Rep. Bryan Zollinger on Friday posted a story on Facebook that suggested Obama and other top Democrats like billionaire George Soros and Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe were part of a conspiracy to set up the rally , the Post Register reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I 'm not saying it is true , but I am suggesting that it is completely plausible , ” Zollinger wrote on Facebook .
The story claims that Obama has set up a “ war room ” to fight against the Trump administration — a claim that has largely been debunked — and that Charlottesville was a part of their plan .
The lawmaker later told the Idaho Statesman that it was “ maybe a mistake ” to share the story but doubled down on their statement that the claims were “ plausible . ”
The Charlottesville rally turned violent when white supremacist groups , including neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members , clashed with counterprotesters . A woman was killed when a car was driven into counterprotesters . The alleged driver has ties to white supremacist groups .
Trump faced harsh criticism for their initial response to the violence , when they blamed `` many sides '' for the violence . Days later , they criticized white supremacists , but then later reverted to their initial stance , blaming `` both sides '' and specifically accusing the `` alt-left '' of provoking violence .
Silk Road 2.0 , the heir apparent to original king of Deep Web black markets , is in chaos as two top moderators appear to have been arrested in the United States and Ireland . Rumors began spreading this morning and have been confirmed by TechCrunch .
One , a man named Andrew Michael Jones who uses the name Inigo on Silk Road , was arrested in Virginia . The second , an as yet unnamed man who uses the name Libertas , was arrested in Wicklow , Ireland .
“ They caught [ Libertas ] this evening at their house in Wicklow at around 8pm Irish time , and managed to seize approx 200,000 Euro of bitcoins in the raid , The figure is to be confirmed , ” TechCrunch 's source said . “ It looks like the the beginnings of the demise of Silk Road 2 , not very long after its resurrection . ”
The rumors started swirling early this morning when a user named PrincessBtcButtercup on Reddit 's r/SilkRoad forum said that their boyfriend , a Silk Road administrator , had just been arrested . They did n't know their login name , they said , but the police had told them they were making arrests around the world .
“ He is a wonderful person , ” they continued , “ and has been supporting me ( due to my chronic pain ) , so to say the least my world has been turned inside out and upside down . ”
On another Deep Web forum , someone claiming to be a Silk Road user posted what they said were messages from the black market 's private vendor forum .
“ Guys I was arrested yesterday and out on bond now , ” said the vendor . “ But something is fucked ! I know I 'm risking more warning you guys and my attorney does n't even want me on the internet but you guys need to know this . When I was in the interview room they showed me all sorts of shit that they should not know or have access to including conversations I 've had with buyers and even DPR . I do n't fucking understand .. and when I was in there I was at a loss for words . Something is definitely wrong and they have the ability to see things on here only mods or admins should like btc transfers and a dispute I had . WHAT THE FUCK ? ”
The Silk Road forums , by this point , were in full panic mode . Other administrators stated they were looking into the matter and had suspended the account of Inigo , the leader of Silk Road 2.0 .
Soon , the “ girlfriend ” ( whose Reddit account has since been deleted ) posted court documents to back up their claim .
The documents , which have not been verified , say “ Andrew Michael Jones ” was arrested and that they used the name “ Inigo ” on Silk Road . A list of property to be seized includes computers , Bitcoin wallets , and “ evidence relevant to corroborating Jones as the Silk Road administrator ‘ Inigo . ' ”
The girlfriend also posted what appears to be a scanned copy of the business card of FBI agent Christopher Tarbell , the man who has been called “ the Elliott Ness of cyberspace ” for their roles in taking down cybercriminals such as Sabu and Dread Pirate Roberts from the original Silk Road .
The rumors appear to be true . It 's unclear whether the police activity is at all related to the recent DDoS attacks suffered by Silk Road that appeared at first to be cyberwar with rival markets .
Due to the fall of Silk Road 1.0 , it 's likely that multiple high-level users have access to the Dread Pirate Roberts account in an attempt to decentralize power and make it more difficult for law enforcement to take control .
“ We are still here , ” one administrator wrote this morning . “ And we are still in full control . More to come . ”
Later , the DPR account posted that “ Silk Road has not been compromised even if the allegations are true . Neither had access to sensitive material . ”
The post suggests that while the arrests may be real , and the threat of police informants on the site is enormous , Silk Road 2.0 itself will live on at least for a while .
H/T Deep Dot Web | Illustration by Jason Reed
The second major Rebirth storyline begins this week and will run through the Batman and Flash titles in a 4-arc story .
Whereas Superman : Reborn began to answer and raise more questions about the Man of Steel , “ The Button ” spins directly out of the ending of the DCU Rebirth Special , where Batman found a blood-spattered smiley face button that resembles The Comedian 's trademark button , in the Bat-Cave wall , following Wally 's attempt to reconnect to the New52 Universe through Batman .
I also want to repost the segment I did on the history of the Button from Watchmen :
The button appears in the very first panel of Watchmen # 1 laying in the gutter and picked up by Rorschach . The reader also learns that the button belonged to the vigilante/ Government Agent Edward “ The Comedian ” Blake , who was thrown out of their apartment window by a then-unknown assailant . Rorschach takes the button and gives it to the retired Daniel Dreiberg , Nite Owl II , their former partner before Keene Act era , where vigilantism and costumed fighting crime was made illegal . Dan later places the button without the blood in The Comedian 's grave and it is never seen again during the Watchmen story .
—
The mystery of The Button was last addressed in The Flash Rebirth special .
Batman 's involvement in the Watchmen storyline has been minimal aside from their appearance in The Flash Rebirth and the events of Rise of the Batmen , where Red Robin/Tim Drake is captured by Mr. Oz during the opening run of Detective Comics ' return to the original numbering . I will address this in the Rebirth Checkup on The Batman Family ( coming soon , hopefully ) .
The Flash Rebirth is Barry 's story , the first half of the book happens right before Wally appears to them as they are losing themselves to the Speed Force .
Once Barry remembers and pulls Wally from The Speed Force , there is an extended reunion scene between the two and both promise to let each know as they both look into the mystery of who has messed with the history .
The one thing , and it may be a nitpick on my part , but this panel confused me :
Thing is at end of Flashpoint when Barry meets Batman and delivers the letter , they admit to knowing about Flashpoint and that they caused it , and said that everything was back to normal…I am not sure they even remember agreeing to help Pandora .
So I am unsure why when Wally telling them what happened ( Flashpoint universe ) they are hearing about it for the first time , or is surprised .
So Barry heads to Gotham while Wally heads to reunite and follow some leads with the Titans .
We Flash to the Batcave and two of the best forensic scientists in the DC are on the case as they realize they are working the same case
The letter is shown in Flashpoint # 1 , it 's the narrator captions . In order , it would read like this .
There 's only one thing I know about life .
I know some things happen by chance ,
And some things happen because we make them happen . Barry Allen was a man haunted by their past .
But when they became the Flash , they left the ghosts behind .
They found love . A Family . Friends .
Barry thought yesterday was behind him…
…But somebody would n't let them escape it . When Barry came to me for help , I turned them away .
I 'm not the hero of this story .
I 'm a man who 's been corrupted by their own unbearable pain , I 'm a man who has too much blood on their hands to be called good .
I 'm a man who had nothing to live for…
…until the day I met the Flash . The first time I met Barry Allen , I nearly killed him .
Like I said , I 'm not the hero of this story .
After receiving and reading the letter Bruce Wayne breaks into tears over the letter and thanks Barry for being a good friend and for delivering this letter to him .
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ;
Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 2 of 9 Image 3 of 9 Image 4 of 9 Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Image 7 of 9 Should have known this was an tampered with timeline ... Batman does not cry ... Should have known this was an tampered with timeline ... Batman does not cry ... Image 8 of 9 Image 9 of 9 Rebirth Checkups - previewing The Button 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
This is also is the letter referred to by Wally when they appear to Batman .
I hope that the plot point of how the letter is plays into the creation of the New 52 Universe is explained .
In the two page spread of Batman and Flash involves where Batman is keeping the button :
First I can see how Batman would suspect the Joker , although aside from the knowledge they learn that there are three Jokers according to what they learned from their time on the Mobius Chair . But the thing that really caught my attention was this panel :
I have added the red circle above for emphasis . When Batman removed the button to look at it the light makes a Flashpoint reference that most readers may have missed .
The light makes the shape of a Amazonian sword through the Reverse-Flash symbol , representing the climatic ending of the Flashpoint Universe battle where Batman aka Thomas Wayne runs Reverse -Flash , Eobard Thawne through go with an Amazonian Sword . Batman does this to save Barry Allen so they can go back and correct the timeline where it is Bruce is alive and they are dead .
This is important because at the end of Flash # 20 , the Pre New52 Eobard Thawne / Reverse Flash returns
Now the Reverse-Flash and Eobard Thawne character was changed in the New52 Universe :
In the New52 universe Reverse-Flash was Danial West , who is New52 Wally West 's father and died on a mission with the Suicide Squad .
In the DCYou era , Eobard Thawne was introduced as Zoom , who was able to time travel , and was the one who killed Barry 's mother and framed their father for the murder . Thawne also gathered acolytes who were able to manipulate the Speed Force in different ways to use against Barry . This DCYou storyline ended up with Eobard in Iron Heights .
How Pre-New52 Eobard Thawne came back is a mystery which hopefully be explained they and possibly Thomas Wayne Batman will also make an appearance in The Button .
I am unsure how they would bring Thomas Wayne back unless it is in a Flashpoint universe flashback .
The Return of Jay Garrick ?
The promo art that has released hints strongly that the Pre-Flashpoint version of the Golden Age Flash will be making an appearance during the story .
The released promotional art is an homage to the original Flash Comics
If you notice on the promotional cover has , like the original , has at least one of the small circles on the left .
On the original cover , is Cliff Cornwall , an FBI agent , whom the US army “ borrowed ” to hunt down spies and sabetours . They were a reserve army air corps officer , a skilled pilot , and also shows familiarity with deep-sea diving .
On The Button promised cover you can just make out “ Red Robin ” which may mean a rescue attempt or more on the fate of Tim .
—
The return of Jay was first teased in Flash Rebirth .
The last page show a speedster appearing at the crime scene where Barry was earlier that evening .
At first I thought it was Godspeed , the villian of the first arc of the new series…but the second panel clearly shows Jay 's helmet .
The second time was at the end of the one issue story where Wally ( pre-Flashpoint ) met their cousin the New52 Wally .
During the story , Barry has what they called a Flash Forward , where they see visions of the future or possible future events .
I 'll cover these more in the Flash Rebirth checkup .
One last thought about Jay Garrick and a possible connection to the Multiverse from the pages of Multiversty .
Notice that there are two versions of Jay Garrick… The original Golden Age Jay and just over their right shoulder , wearing the yellow eye shield is the Earth-2 Society New52 Jay .
Maybe I am reading to much into things but it would n't be the first time .
—
Back tomorrow with Weekly Picks & Pulls
According to the National Football Post 's Aaron Wilson , the Indianapolis Colts have scheduled a workout with USC linebacker/safety Su ' a Cravens .
Wilson notes that Cravens has a lot of visits lined up . In addition to the Colts , Cravens also has visits scheduled with the New England Patriots , Atlanta Falcons , Carolina Panthers , Buffalo Bills , San Diego Chargers , and New Orleans Saints . Wilson adds that Cravens has already met with the Patriots , Chargers , Cleveland Browns , and Detroit Lions .
Cravens is a hybrid player , having spent time both at outside linebacker and at safety at USC and projecting to play a similar hybrid-type role in the NFL . During their career at USC , they started 26 games and recorded 120 tackles , 18.5 tackles for loss , five sacks , ten passes defensed , a fumble recovery , a forced fumble , and seven interceptions ( returning one for a touchdown ) . They said at their pro day that they are drawing more interest from NFL teams as a safety than they are as a linebacker . According to CBS Sports , they are projected to be a second round pick . One of the most interesting questions is where Cravens will play , as they do have the ability to help a team at both linebacker and safety . That could limit their suitors in the draft as only certain teams will have interest in a hybrid player like that , but they should find a fit at some point on day two of the draft .
The question the Colts would need to ask as they contemplate Su ' a Cravens is what role they would have in their defense , which could very well be the reason they want to meet with him . The Colts would likely utilize them more as a safety while still maintaining that hybrid type role .
Monterrey , NL .
Guillermo Rentería , especialista en comunicación y mercadólogo , revela los ingredientes que dieron el triunfo a Jaime Rodríguez El Bronco en la gubernatura de Nuevo Léon : “ las circunstancias del país , el hartazgo de la gente , las redes sociales , la opción independiente y la gran comunicación . Era un movimiento natural espontáneo que estaba creciendo , amorfo , cada quien hacía lo que su chingada gana quería ” .
En entrevista con EL UNIVERSAL , relata además que una de las claves era que no había estrategia . En los demás equipos consideraban inverosímil cómo sin estructura y sin dinero un independiente podía ganar .
Solamente tenían 230 mil pesos de financiamiento que otorgaron los órganos electorales , la habilidad de El Bronco , las redes sociales ( Facebook ) y el hartazgo de la sociedad .
“ El que nos menospreciaran , y dijeran que no era posible , está loco , no tiene estructura , ni dinero… to-do eso , que además era cierto , sirvió para que nos creyeran que éramos pendejos y que no teníamos con qué , está bien , síganlo creyendo y así fue que nos pudimos ir colando ” , relata Rentería , partícipe en los comicios .
Originario de Mexicali , tiene un estilo distinto para hacer campañas políticas , es irreverente , políticamente incorrecto , blasfemo y hereje y to-do eso atrapó a El Bronco para hacer equipo y convertirse en el primer gobernador independiente de la historia en México .
A tí te andaba buscando
Rentería recuerda que en Argentina bajó del escenario en el Cuarto Congreso Mundial de Marketing Político , después de su exposición ante un público de más de dos mil personas ; se le acercó El Bronco y con su voz ronca le dijo : “ a ti te andaba yo buscando cabrón… ¡Te contrato , pero no tengo dinero ! ” .
El Bronco buscaba un publicista arriesgado y atrevido que no recibiera un solo peso por su colaboración y el reto era mayor pues significaba hacer ganar a un político independiente , es decir , sin la estructura de un partido político , sin financiamiento , sin spots y menos el respaldo de un emblema de un instituto político , pero el originario de García sí tenía claro que quería trascender y explotar las redes sociales como el entonces candidato presidencial de Estados Unidos , Barack Obama .
“ No te voy a pagar y me lo ha cumplido , ¡no me pagó ! , yo me busqué un patrocinador para pagar las producciones de mi gente , yo no they ganado . Mi esposa me trae de cabeza , pero yo no lo estoy haciendo por dinero , yo lo estoy haciendo porque compre la posibilidad de participar en ese despertar ” , comenta Rentería a unos días de haber conseguido algo que parecía imposible .
No había estrategia y solamente tenían 230 mil pesos de financiamiento que otorgaron los órganos electorales , la habilidad de El Bronco , las redes sociales ( Facebook ) y el hartazgo de la sociedad para ganar la elección .
Desde el regreso de Argentina ambos se pusieron a trabajar , El Bronco tenía muy claro lo que quería : “ ¡Quiero ser gobernador ! ” , le dijo al propio Memo Rentería . La estrategia de El Bronco ya la tenía clara : que iría por la candidatura con o sin el PRI , simplemente se esperó para medir a sus adversarios y fue hasta septiembre del 2014 cuando anunció su renuncia al tricolor , “ pero si lo hubiera hecho antes hubiera puesto más nervioso al sistema y hubiera sido como echarse al monstruo encima antes y el jugar con una especulación le favorecía porque nadie lo tomó en serio ” , describe Rentería .
Menosprecio
La planeación estaba en marcha , y su objetivo final no era ganar la gubernatura , sino detonar una “ segunda re-evolución mexicana ” de actitud y conciencia en los ciudadanos . Incluso Memo redactó un documento que era el guión de la campaña , titulado : “ la estrategia es que no hay estrategia ” , y ese documento , dijo , terminó desconcertando a muchos .
“ Yo no diseñé una campaña , en todo caso , ayudé a encausar una venganza , una venganza de los ciudadanos contra esa clase política , y no me refiero a este sexenio , me refiero contra esa clase gobernante que desde hace 500 años , a partir de la Conquista , ha jodido y abusado , traicionado , violado y robado a la raza , no es una cosa de un sexenio , no , va mucho más allá ” . Comentó que este movimiento fue un pretexto en forma de campaña , porque los políticos actuales no han entendido que el mundo está harto de las campañas tradicionales o “ de microondas ” y nadie explota la red y sobre todo el Facebook , donde El Bronco hacía sus mítines de campaña .
“ Suena ridículo porque hoy los mítines son convocar , llevar a los tuyos , enseñar el músculo , pero esto evolucionó y esa comunicación viva que logró Jaime , junto al equipo de redes , fue impresionante . Los políticos y asesores no lo entendieron , los partidos , los gobiernos , los analistas , los medios , nadie lo entendió y eso fue una de las cosas que obró como una ventaja para nosotros , el que nos menospreciaran ” , comentó Rentería .
El Bronco arrancó 25 puntos debajo de su adversaria priísta Ivonne Álvarez y poco a poco fue avanzando su campaña , pero en los demás equipos consideraban inverosímil como sin estructura y sin dinero un independiente podía obtener el triunfo .
“ El que nos menospreciaran , y dijeran que ‘ no era posible ' , ‘ está loco ' , ‘ no tiene estructura ' , ‘ ni dinero'… ‘ to-do eso ' , que además era cierto , sirvió para que nos creyeran que éramos pendejos y que no teníamos con qué , está bien , síganlo creyendo y así fue que nos pudimos ir colando ” , y la elección la ganó con más de 25 puntos de ventaja . Los representantes de Facebook lo reconocerán a nivel mundial por ser el político que mejor maneja sus redes sociales .
Receta Secreta
El originario de Mexicali revela los ingredientes que le dieron a El Bronco el triunfo : “ las circunstancias del país , el hartazgo de la gente , las redes sociales , la opción independiente y la gran comunicación . Era un movimiento natural espontáneo que estaba creciendo , amorfo , cada quien hacía lo que su chingada gana quería ” .
Sonriente describe que durante los meses de campaña se divirtieron mucho por las “ travesuras ” que hicieron . Estaban obligados a dejar atrás las tradicionales campañas políticas “ para microondas ” que ya vienen “ precocinadas ” y que se pueden utilizar en cualquier elección .
Dijo que lo que sus adversarios nunca entendieron fue que los ciudadanos ya están hartos de las clásicas campañas , su objetivo era armar un gran equipo con jóvenes que lo hicieran estar presente en las redes sociales y en especial en el Facebook .
Rentería asegura que todo nació de una locura . El Bronco encontró al comunicador adecuado y “ yo encontré al político loquito ” .
A partir del 4 de octubre próximo comenzará el primer gobierno estatal independiente en México y que fue producto de la innovación en la comunicación política .
“ En 26 años y después de tantas campañas y políticos sólo me they encontrado a dos batos políticamente interesantes : Ruffo y 25 años después a El Bronco . Me honra porque uno le partió la historia al PRI y ahora El Bronco ” .
Louisiana 's top-in-the-country incarceration rate is a drain on the state 's workforce and its treasury , and the lock-up numbers are getting a new look from elected officials who are wondering if their sentencing laws and public safety policies have been too harsh . In addition to tackling the weighty task of tax overhaul , Gov . John Bel Edwards and lawmakers also will be trying to rework Louisiana 's criminal justice laws in the upcoming legislative session .
A roadmap of recommendations will be released this week by a task force studying the issues since June . The aim is to put fewer people behind bars and provide those who get out more drug treatment and educational training to prepare them for life after prison .
It 's a tricky subject in this `` tough on crime '' state , but the political forces may be aligning just right to make it happen . The governor is focused on the effort , and a bipartisan coalition of groups is backing it .
`` The people in Louisiana are not innately more sinister , more evil or more criminal than people elsewhere , '' Edwards said . `` Why do we have the highest incarceration rate in the nation ? ''
Prison , sentencing proposals would save Louisiana $ 305 million over 10 years Recommendations would reduce state 's prison population by 13 percent , about 4,800 inmates
The state had 776 people in prison for every 100,000 residents in 2015 , according to the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics . The national rate was 458 prisoners per 100,000 .
Locking up so many people comes with a hefty price tag . The Department of Corrections ' budget is more than $ 500 million a year . Another nearly $ 150 million is spent on housing prisoners in parish jails overseen by local sheriffs .
As Louisiana struggles through repeated budget gaps , some lawmakers see the corrections budget as a target for savings . That drive for cost-cutting , particularly from Republicans , combined with long-expressed worries from some Democrats that Louisiana 's sentencing laws are too tough have helped move the idea of overhaul to the forefront .
John Bel Edwards reduces 22 prisoners ' terms -- and gets Angola inmates ' attention In first year in office , Louisiana governor far more lenient than their three predecessors
Bolstering the effort further , new and powerful lobbying faces have entered the debate . The influential and conservative Louisiana Family Forum is behind the effort . So is the business community , through the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry , where organization President Stephen Waguespack said business leaders want to improve skills training and drug treatment for those in prison , to keep them from reoffending .
The nonpartisan Pew Charitable Trusts said almost four in 10 Louisiana inmates released from prison return within three years . `` The primary focus for us is the re-entry side , the training that goes on , how we can make sure that that 's relevant , how we can expand the job opportunities for those guys coming out , '' Waguespack said .
The broad coalition of involved groups is encouraging Corrections Secretary Jimmy LeBlanc , who has pushed for years for the state to rethink its approach . LeBlanc is chairperson of the Justice Reinvestment Task Force , the 14-member study group that will release its recommendations Thursday .
`` In my 40-plus years in corrections , I 've never seen such bipartisan public support and call for reform . The tide is changing , '' LeBlanc said at a task force meeting . `` Leaders and lawmakers are realizing that our state 's current response to crime , especially nonviolent crime , has broken families apart and taken parents away from their children , creating a revolving door of crime . ''
But , as the saying goes , the devil 's in the details . Drug courts , skills training , mental health programs and addiction treatment cost money , a difficult task in a state with repeated budget gaps .
Additionally , people have different ideas about reform . While there 's broad consensus on lessening sentences for nonviolent offenders , there 's significant disparity in ideas of how to deal with people convicted of violent crimes .
That 's where Louisiana 's district attorneys have raised objections , concerned that changing sentencing laws for violent crimes would threaten public safety . `` We 're drawing a line at violent crime , '' said Pete Adams , executive director of the Louisiana District Attorneys Association .
Adams said district attorneys support working on areas where nonviolent inmates can be safely released , to ensure `` we 're not over-incarcerating folks who do n't need to be in prison . '' But they warned about overreaching .
`` I think if this package goes too far , it 's going get too complicated and nothing 's going to pass , '' they said . `` And that would be a tragedy . ''
. . . . . . .
Story by Melinda Deslatte .
Once more conspiracy their becomes conspiracy fact as suggestions of 'very professionally organized group of thugs ' causing trouble at Trump rallies is confirmed with the WikiLeaks released of DNC emails revealing that DNC officials planned anti-Donald Trump protests .
As we detailed at the time , Donald Trump had no doubts about who was to blame for the shocking violence : organized “ thugs . ”
Trump tweeted on Saturday : `` The organized group of people , many of them thugs , who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago , have totally energized America ! '' Protesters at planned Chicago rally yesterday were “ very professionally done , ” Donald Trump says in Dayton , Ohio . ... “ When they have organized , professionally staged wise-guys , we have to fight back ”
We said at the time that we were sure this would not be the last time `` organized '' protesters will suddenly appear en masse to provoke reactions and violently protest Trump 's freedom of speech .. and it was n't . But now , as The Daily Caller reports ,
In multiple emails , DNC officials signed off and acknowledged the existence of two anti-Donald Trump protests in South Bend , IN and Billings , MT . The release of nearly 20,000 emails is the first in a WikiLeaks “ Hillary Leaks ” series . On April 29 , a DNC press staffer , Rachel Palermo , alerted Eric Walker , deputy communications director , about a Facebook page for an anti-Trump protest on May 2 in South Bend . “ Whoo ! Thanks to our interns for finding this out. ” Walker replies , “ I like it , as long as the students feel safe getting involved . I imagine this demo will be nicer than the one in San Fran today. ” That day in San Francisco protesters blocked off roads to an event Donald Trump was hosting . The Republican nominee ended up having to jump down from the highway and sneak around back to enter . In another other email chain also on April 29 , titled “ Week-Ahead Notes & Assignments , ” former DNC media booker Pablo Manriquez comments “ this should be fun ” in reference to the May protest . University of Notre Dame , located in South Bend , is Manriquez 's alma mater . A DNC official wrote , “ Pablo please reach out to any folks you think may be able to help. ” Another protest that 's directly mentioned in emails included one that occurred on May 26 in Billings , MT . The email is from May 20 and features notes on the “ week ahead. ” Both the Indiana and Montana protests were non-violent . The South Bend protest had “ some expletive laced chants , ” and protesters carrying Mexican flags . The Montana one had “ only a few ” protesters . Intern involvement with protests is mentioned twice in the leaked emails . DNC communications director Luis Miranda bemoaned photos of an empty anti-Trump protest in Washington , D.C. in one email chain . Miranda said : “ Going forward , when our allies screw up and do n't deliver bodies in time , we either send all our interns out there or we stay away from it .. we do n't want to own a bad picture. ” Miranda was notified of the protests in an email by another DNC email chain titled “ Tv coverage of protest great. ” The original email notified the DNC communications director of the Indiana protest and a DNC staffer wrote , “ thanks to our interns for finding this out. ” DNC officials Brad Marshall , a chief financial officer , and Alan Reed , a compliance officer , also signed off on the use of Black Lives Matter organizer Deray Mckesson as a surrogate for Hillary Clinton . Mckesson rose to prominence after being active in protests in Ferguson , MO and Baltimore , MD . They have yet to endorse a candidate and said protests are likely to happen at the upcoming Democratic Party convention .
Which makes Hillary Clinton 's post-violence email even more controversial ...
Violence has no place in our politics . We should use our words and deeds to bring Americans together . pic.twitter.com/FofjognpIA — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) March 12 , 2016
As Fusion reported at the time , several things about the statement left people with a bad taste in their mouths . Chief among them were their invocation of the Charleston massacre and their lack of stated support for the protesters challenging Trump in Chicago
Would Scott Esk stone with a smile on their face ? AskForEsk.com
Given how savagely anti-gay the mainstream Oklahoma Republican party is , it 's no surprise that the state 's Tea Partiers are so rabidly hateful that they come across more than dark satire than as serious bigots . To wit : This week , an Oklahoma magazine discovered that last summer , Tea Party state House candidate Scott Esk endorsed stoning gay people to death : “ I think we would be totally in the right to do it , ” they said in a Facebook post . Esk went on to add nuance to their position :
That [ stoning gay people to death ] goes against some parts of libertarianism , I realize , and I 'm largely libertarian , but ignoring as a nation thing that are worthy of death is very remiss .
When a Facebook user messaged Esk to clarify further , they responded :
I never said I would author legislation to put homosexuals to death , but I did n't have a problem with it .
Understandably unnerved , the magazine called up Esk for clarification . Although Esk claimed they did n't remember the comments , they fleshed out their views :
That was done in the Old Testament under a law that came directly from God and in that time there it was totally just . It came directly from God . I have no plans to reinstitute that in Oklahoma law . I do have some very huge moral misgivings about those kinds of sins .
Pressed one final time about their position on stoning gay human beings to death , Esk dug in their heels :
I know what was done in the Old Testament and what was done back then was what 's just . … And I do stand for Biblical morality .
I am impressed that Esk has some understanding of the concept of morality . But I am not quite certain that their views square with modern notions of the concept . I do suspect , however , that Esk 's beliefs are n't all that far from the other state-level Republicans in the region , who recently attempted to push through the most extreme piece of anti-gay legislation America has ever witnessed . Perhaps our criticism of Esk , then , is really misguided : Rather than chastising them for their seemingly extremist views , we should be thanking them for saying what so many of their political associates are likely thinking .
The teen , now 18 , was visibly upset – as were family members – after Justice Bruce Duncan rendered their decision in a Brampton courtroom .
A Mississauga high school student was found guilty of manslaughter today in the death of a rival player during a rugby game .
The convicted teen , a major junior hockey player with an Ontario Hockey League team , remains on bail . He 'll return to court July 6 for their sentencing hearing .
Justice Bruce Duncan decided their actions on the Lorne Park Secondary School playing field in 2007 caused the death of Manny Castillo .
Their mother hugged them as they sat forlorn , their head down , at a table at the front of the packed Brampton courtroom .
Castillo 's parents declined to comment . Their thoughts will be given when they file their victim impact statements at their 15-year-old son 's killer 's sentencing hearing .
There is no minimum sentence for manslaughter . They face a maximum three years sentence if sentenced as a youth . Life in prison is the maximum adult sentence but it 's unlikely in this case , even if an adult sentence is rendered .
Duncan , however , told the Crown after rendering their decision that they did n't believe - from what they heard - that an adult sentence was appropriate .
Crown prosecutor John Raftery said he 's considering asking for an adult sentence .
For now , their identity remains protected by Canada 's youth laws . But that could change .
In rendering their decision , Justice Duncan rejected the defendant 's self-defence claim that they only pushed Castillo to the ground to get out of a choking headlock during continuous play on May 9 , 2007 .
They and the convicted teen and their mother were taken to an underground level of the courthouse and driven away instead of walking out the front door .
`` The defendant intentionally applied force that was outside the rules of the game or any standard by which the game is played , '' Duncan said . `` Manny did not explicitly consent to that force .
`` I 'm satisfied beyond any doubt no consent can be implied .
`` There was no justification in self defence . Accordingly , the defendant committed an assault , an unlawful act . That unlawful act caused death . The defendant is therefore guilty of manslaughter . ''
Defence lawyers Lisa White and Calvin Barry had suggested Castillo knew they were playing in a physical game and that they accepted the dangers of the contact sport when they entered the field to play for their Lorne Park team that tragic day .
But Duncan rejected their assertion .
They described what the defendant did as being a `` sucker tackle '' and said at its `` highest '' it was done out of retaliation , not self defence .
Although they believed evidence indicated Castillo likely did place the defendant in a headlock , it was only for a brief few seconds and it ended before they were tackled to the hard playing surface .
Castillo died from a serious head injury a few days after the incident .
Crown prosecutor John Raftery said during the two-week trial that the accused committed manslaughter when they lifted Castillo into the air , their feet facing upwards , and drove them head first into the ground .
They took the stand in their own defence and claimed they reacted aggressively to get out of a headlock applied by Castillo , who was pushed , not dumped , to the dirt .
They said it was an unlawful assault outside the rules of the game .
Raftery insisted in their closing remarks that the deadly move was separate and away from the normal play on the field and the ball was nowhere near them .
Following the critical play , Castillo lay motionless , and was dying from severe head and spinal cord injuries .
During the trial , various witnesses – including players , coaches , the referee , parents and rugby experts – gave conflicting accounts of what they saw .
Some said they saw Castillo put the defendant into a headlock and others did n't . Some said the play had already stopped at the time and others did n't . Some witnesses saw Castillo driven to the ground , others said they saw them fall gently over the shoulder of the accused .
As for the convicted teen , they testified that they fell on top of Castillo when they wrestled their way out of a headlock . They said they had panicked because they could n't breathe and denied intentionally hurting the opposing player . They said they were unaware Castillo was injured when they both fell to the ground .
They never lifted them up or drove them head-first into the ground or boasted about it afterwards , as Crown witnesses said .
Duncan found it was a fact that the defendant was put in a headlock but only for a few brief seconds . They did n't believe they were ever in a choke hold and if they are , they never just used their hands to take Castillo 's arms away from him .
They did n't believe the fatal assault occurred during a continuous play .
They found there was as a `` hiatus '' or break between the headlock and the assaulted tackle .
`` I 'm satisfied beyond any doubt the headlock ended before the tackle and it ceased to have any legal significance , '' Duncan said .
They found the defendant tackled Castillo from some distance .
They said the intentional force applied by the defendant was not within the rules of the game , ''
Castillo was later declared brain dead in hospital . They also sustained a bruised spinal cord , which would have been fatal had paramedics not attended . The spinal cord injury occurred when their neck was flexed forward – not backward – beyond its range of motion , according to a neuropathologist .
Had they survived , Castillo could have been paralyzed .
Right-wing self-delusion
National Review ‘ s Jay Nordlinger cites a truly repellent ( and false ) comment made this week by Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak to Defense Secretary Robert Gates : “ A million and a half people are living in Gaza , but only one of them is really in need of humanitarian aid , ” Barak said . Nordlinger points out that Barak was referring to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , held hostage for years by Hamas , which refuses to permit the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) access to him . After observing that neither “ the Cuban dictatorship nor Chinese dictatorship permit the Red Cross to see prisoners , ” Nordlinger then claims — with the needy victimization that typifies the Right — that “ there 'd be mass demonstrations in [ Shalit 's ] behalf all over Europe , and on American streets , too ” if “ Shalit were other than Israeli. ” In other words , Nordlinger believes that the Western World would never tolerate the denial of ICRC access to detainees except when the detainee is Israeli .
I 'm asking this literally : is Nordlinger ignorant of the fact that the United States of America denied ICRC access to non-Israeli prisoners for years during the prior administration ?
The US has admitted for the first time that it has not given the Red Cross access to all detainees in its custody . The state department 's top legal adviser , John Bellinger , made the admission but gave no details about where such prisoners were held . . . . They stated that the group International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) had access to “ absolutely everybody ” at the prison camp in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , which holds suspect detained during the US war on terror . When asked by journalists if the organisation had access to everybody held in similar circumstances elsewhere , they said : “ No ” .
That happened because , among other reasons , the U.S. maintained a network of CIA secret prisons — black sites — where detainees were barred from any and all contact with the outside world for months and even years , including international monitoring groups such as the ICRC . Maybe Nordlinger has heard of someone named Dana Priest , who won the Pulitzer Prize in 2006 for revealing , in The Washington Post , the existence of those secret American prisons :
It is illegal for the government to hold prisoners in such isolation in secret prisons in the United States , which is why the CIA placed them overseas , according to several former and current intelligence officials and other U.S. government officials . Legal experts and intelligence officials said that the CIA 's internment practices also would be considered illegal under the laws of several host countries , where detainees have rights to have a lawyer or to mount a defense against allegations of wrongdoing .
As Priest wrote , these detainees — never charged , let alone convicted , of any crime — “ exist in complete isolation from the outside world . Kept in dark , sometimes underground cells , they have no recognized legal rights , and no one outside the CIA is allowed to talk with or even see them , or to otherwise verify their well-being. ” Even once those black sites were revealed by Priest , the Bush administration explicitly rejected the ICRC 's request for access to those detainees ( the ICRC was also long denied access to prisons in Iraq run by the Iraqi Government during the U.S. occupation ) . And the BBC reported in April of this year that the U.S. continues to maintain a secret prison at Bagram where prisoners are apparently abused and denied ICRC access . Could someone point me to the “ mass demonstrations ” that took place in Europe and the U.S. over any of these American secret prisons ?
This raises an important and under-appreciated point . Many Americans defend the U.S. 's conduct not because they support it , but because they 're completely unaware of what those actions actually are . Many of the people who support what they call the “ enhanced interrogation ” program really believe they 're defending three instances of waterboarding rather than scores of detainee deaths , because they literally do n't know it happened . And here you have Nordlinger — a Senior Editor of National Review — claiming that denial of access to the ICRC is the hallmark of brutal tyrannies ( it is ) , and arguing that a country could only get away with it if they do it to an Israeli , making clear that they are completely ignorant of the fact that their own Government did this for years ( without , needless to say , prompting a peep of protest from their magazine ) , and reportedly continues to do it . That the U.S. did this systematically just does n't exist in their brain ; they really believes it 's something only China , Cuba and Hamas do . They really do live in their own universe and just block out whatever facts they dislike while inventing the ones that make them feel good .
UPDATE : Just to convey a sense for how much National Review polemicists care about detainees being denied ICRC access ( when it 's the U.S. doing the denying ) : the only mention found in NR ‘ s archives of Dana Priest 's revelation that the U.S. was maintaining a network of secret prisons with no ICRC monitoring was this one by Byron York , in which they suggested that , based on the Plame precedent , the persons responsible for the disclosure — but not the ones denying the ICRC access to detainees — should be prosecuted . So it 's not really a surprise that Nordlinger managed to remain completely ignorant of what the U.S. did for all those years , since their “ political magazine ” barely even mentioned it .
Former OBITUARY bassist Frank Watkins has died after a long battle with cancer . They were 47 years old .
Watkins left OBITUARY in 2010 on acrimonious terms and was eventually replaced by Terry Butler .
Watkins started playing music at the age of 12 and joined OBITUARY in 1989 , after the recording of the band 's debut album , `` Slowly We Rot '' . Their first album with the group was their landmark 1990 LP , `` Cause Of Death '' . OBITUARY broke up in 1997 , but Watkins reteamed with their bandmates in 2003 , and stayed with the group through the recording of 2009 's `` Darkest Day '' LP .
Frank was also involved in managing , mentoring and guiding other bands and musicians through their management company Back From the Dead Productions , which they launched in 2007 .
In late 2007 , Watkins became the bassist of Norwegian black metal band GORGOROTH , and in 2009 they participated in the recording of the GORGOROTH album `` Quantos Possunt Ad Satanitatem Trahunt '' . They made their live debut with the band at the Hole In The Sky festival in Bergen on August 29 , 2009 . This was the first concert GORGOROTH had performed since September 2007 .
In an interview with Metal Maniacs published online in August 2009 , Watkins explained that for their work with GORGOROTH they had taken the stage name `` Bøddel '' , which means `` Executioner '' in Norwegian .
Watkins told Noisecreep in a 2009 interview that they once worked as a mortgage broker . `` I had a mortgage company for a while and mortgages went out the window in America and it 's all corporate , '' they said . `` I worked for Wells Fargo for a long time and realized I could do this myself . I do n't need a bank to pay me , so I just opened my own . Just as the mortgage industry dropped , OBITUARY said , 'Let 's play again . ' I let the company fizzle out in 2008 . I decided to do music full-time since I could try and implement the business sense that I have and all the nightmares I suffered through in the music business ! ''
Watkins said that they honed their sharp-as-a-steak-knife business sense `` probably from fighting with promoters at shows . All the shit we did in the band ! When I started as a stock broker , I had gotten off a tour and OBITUARY decided we were not gon na do anything for a while . I saw my friend driving a Porsche in my neighborhood at the grocery store , and I was like , 'How do you afford that ? ' And they said they were working as a stock broker , so I told them to get me a job . I learned how to sell on the phone . It was hardcore and military-style shit . It was insane , but taught me a lot of negotiation skills . ''
Brisbane-based games reviewer Alanah Pearce . [ photo : Facebook ]
A local games reviewer has found an effective way to get behind the veil of anonymity that internet trolls use to harass women online - inform their mothers .
Over the weekend , Alanah Pearce , a 21-year-old Brisbane-based journalist and media student who reviews games for Triple J and local radio , posted a tweet highlighting such an exchange with an unsuspecting mother . It 's seen been retweeted over 35,000 times .
`` Sometimes young boys on Facebook send me rape threats , so I 've started telling their mothers , '' they wrote , sharing the mother 's response .
`` Hi Anna , I do n't know you , but I was wondering if [ blanked ] is your son ? `` , Pearce 's message , sent via Facebook , reveals . `` I have never spoken to them before , but they sent me a concerning message to my public Facebook page today that I was wondering if you might be interested in discussing with him . ''
Advertisement
`` Omg , little s * * t. IM SO SORRY . YES I WILL TALK TO HIM ! `` , the mother replied .
Sometimes young boys on Facebook send me rape threats , so I 've started telling their mothers . pic.twitter.com/0Cbs81eXiE — Alanah Pearce ( @ Charalanahzard ) November 28 , 2014
`` A while ago , I realised that a lot of the people who send disgusting or overly sexual comments to me over the internet are n't adult males , ” Pearce told The Guardian . `` It turns out that mostly they 're young boys and the problem is they do n't know any better , so responding to them rationally did n't resolve the situation . And it got to the point where their comments were starting to make me feel really uncomfortable . ''
`` I was like 'How can we be pro-active about stopping these people ? ' It 's easy to say ignore them , but then that 's not actually a solution , '' they added in an interview with Sunrise yesterday . `` So I thought about who I could contact , and decided mothers would be best . ''
According to a following tweet , Pearce says she 's also contacted three other mothers of boys who 've sent their rape threats , but she 's yet to receive a response .
@ carrolljba @ doncandon Super easy to do just by looking at their profiles , I 've done it 4 times now ( she was the first to reply , though ) . — Alanah Pearce ( @ Charalanahzard ) November 28 , 2014
@ BennyOBrien @ DrCurlytek The 3 others did n't reply . As far as I can tell , they did n't get/read my messages . — Alanah Pearce ( @ Charalanahzard ) November 28 , 2014
Harassment against female reviewers has become prevalent in the gaming industry , specifically tied to the ongoing ' # Gamergate ' controversy . In August , game critic Anita Sarkeesian of Feminist Frequency was forced to flee their home after an online troll sent them a string of messages graphically detailing how they would rape and murder her , before killing their parents . In October , a talk they were supposed to give at a Utah college campus was cancelled , after uni administrators received threats promising `` the deadliest school shooting in American history '' if Sarkeesian was allowed to speak .
“ It 's directly related [ to Gamergate ] and it 's a weird thing that has been happening in gaming culture specifically , '' Pearce told The Guardian about the threats she 's received . `` I 've had people asking me today why this boy has been sending me rape threats , and is there any context . I can only assume he 's seen a video of mine that they did n't like , or that I 'm a woman in games on the internet . It sounds illogical , but it happens to so many people . ”
Source : Uproxx
Federal Courts and EEOC Rulings Previously Have Said It Does
In a 2-1 ruling issued late Friday afternoon by the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals , justices found Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not prohibit employers from discriminating against workers on the basis of sexual orientation . Previous federal court rulings and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission findings have stated sexual orientation discrimination is sex discrimination . The 11th Circuit disagreed .
The ruling came in a case brought by Jameka K. Evans , represented by Lambda Legal , which appealed a lower court decision in their suit against Georgia Regional Hospital , which had terminated them They had worked there as a security guard from August 2012 to October 2013 . In their filing last year in January , Evans alleged that supervisors at the Savannah hospital had harassed and targeted them for termination when they learned they are a lesbian . Evans says supervisors retaliated after they complained .
`` I was targeted by [ Chief Charles ] Moss for termination due to the fact that I do not carry myself in a traditional woman manner , '' Evans wrote . `` I am a gay female . I did not broadcast my sexuality . Although it is evident I identify with the male gender because I presented myself visually ( male uniform , low male haircut , shoes , etc . ) ''
In a statement released by Lambda Legal last January , attorney Greg Nevins wrote that the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission `` made it plain just last year in Baldwin v. Foxx that sexual orientation discrimination 'necessarily ' is sex discrimination . Georgia Regional Hospital targeted Jameka Evans for harassment and eventually termination because they are a lesbian . It is time for employers to recognize that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is a form of sex discrimination , and is unlawful . ''
`` Nationwide , '' Nevins continued , `` employers of LGBT people are still ignoring the many rulings of the EEOC and federal district courts across the country specifically holding that allegations of sexual orientation discrimination in the form of gender stereotyping may be brought under Title VII of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 . ''
After today 's decision , Nevins noted : `` This is not the end of the road for us and certainly not for Jameka . ''
`` Keeping your job should n't depend on whether or not you pass for straight . There is no way to draw a line between sexual orientation discrimination and discrimination based on gender nonconformity because not being straight is gender-nonconforming , period . Ninety percent of Americans believe that LGBT people should be treated equally in the workplace . The public is on the right side of history , and it 's time for the Eleventh Circuit to join us . ''
In a phone call late Friday Lambda Legal told NCRM that it will seek a rehearing by the full panel - all eleven judges - of the Eleventh Circuit .
Slate 's Mark Joseph Stern , who first reported on the story , notes that Judge William Pryor sided with the majority . Pryor , who was on President Donald Trump 's short list of Supreme Court candidates , `` cited Brandon Ambrosino 's declaration that they chose to be gay in addition to an anti-gay amicus brief filed 'Same-Sex Attracted Men and Their Wives . ' ''
Brody Levesque is the Chief Political Correspondent for The New Civil Rights Movement .
You may contact Brody at [ email protected ]
To comment on this article and other NCRM content , visit our Facebook page .
Image Courtesy of Lambda Legal . Used with permission .
See a mistake ? Email corrections to : [ email protected ]
We 've learned ( via My Game News Flash ) that despite western enthusiasm towards Bandai Namco and Nintendo 's Wii U-bound fighter , Pokken Tournament , the game is performing very bad in its native country of Japan .
To be more precise , the fighting game is performing so bad that arcades are saying it 's literally “ in the red , ” meaning they are n't making the money back for their investments into the costly arcade cabinets and controllers .
One popular arcade , Fantasista Arcade in Kurashiki city in Okayama Prefecture , was even so bold as to make public tweets and blog about their removing of the game from their arcade next month .
Japanese commenters are generally tearing into the game , saying things like “ only 10 characters , no boss , therefore it 's shit , ” or “ boring , ” and even just simply “ kusoge ” ( Japanese portmanteau for ‘ shit game ' ) .
This is certainly interesting considering that console ports of arcade games are sometimes entirely reliant on the game 's performance in Japanese arcades – although this is also sometimes reliant on the game 's developer picking up a publisher .
Pokken Tournament is getting a worldwide Wii U release in the spring of next year , despite these supposed failures in Japanese arcades .
Translations provided by Katie Ujihisa
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The paranoiacs at Fox News are super afraid that the Chrysler Super Bowl ad starring Clint Eastwood had subliminal pro-Obama messages in it . Yes , that ad that was pro-America was really pro-Obama , or to put it more clearly , anything that is pro-America is pro-Obama to the Fox crowd and they object .
Why does Fox object to an ad that was pro-American spirit ? Because they want America to fail under President Obama . They have told us this for three years now , but perhaps we failed to realize just how much they meant it .
From the February 8 edition of Fox News ' Fox & Friends courtesy of Media Matters :
In discussing the Super Bowl ad , the panel found that the creators of the ad had ties to Obama ( translation : their firm has done work for ESPN , Coke and has done Obama art , which for this panel means they are Obama supporters ) . That should give you a clue as to how far from reality they have strayed .
Gretchen Carlson said , “ And it made me think of subliminal messages . You know , kinda like , remember the olden days when you went to the movie theaters and they kinda flashed in coke and popcorn and they did n't let you do that , let advertisers do that anymore . So if there is this history , maybe not on purpose , so do these people making this ad kind of skew it . I mean , Karl Rove said at the end of this two-minute ad it should have said , ‘ paid for by Barack Obama . ' ”
Only , of course , the ad was not paid for by Obama . It was not an ad for Obama the candidate but rather for America the country of which Obama is the President . As President , Obama did put their political capital on the line to lend lifeboats to the auto industry that they then used to save their companies . Fox has a problem with this ; most notably , it seems , that Obama is President and took yet another well considered risk that turned out to be praiseworthy and successful .
Fox then rolled a clip of Karl Rove claiming that this ad makes the White House look like cheap , Chicago pols ( somehow the White House is implicated in an ad made by Chrysler ) . Karl appears to be suffering from projection here . What is cheap about being pro-America ? What is Chicago about Detroit ? What is political about being for America ?
The problem Fox is having is that the Clint Eastwood Super Bowl ad was a rousing call to the American spirit , a call to pull together . I summed it up thusly that night :
Walking down a dark tunnel , Clint Eastwood growls , “ It 's halftime. ” Ahh , that voice . That iconic silhouette . They continue , “ It 's halftime in America , too. ” Comparing America to the struggles Detroit has faced and is overcoming , Eastwood says that because we all pulled together , the Motor City is fighting again . They credited our rallying around what was right and acting as one for Detroit 's success . “ This country ca n't be knocked out with one punch ; we get right back up again and when we do the world is going to hear the roar of our engines….Yeah , it 's halftime in America and our second half is about to begin . ”
Watch here :
Naturally , this idea of a united America deeply offends Fox and the Republicans , who have been working on dividing us for as long as they 've been stealing from us . First Karl Rove went nutter , claiming a connection between the ad and the White House , and then Fox doubled down on the crazy by suggesting that there are subliminal messages in the ad .
The White House did not direct or write the ad , however , the White House is responsible for the fact that the auto industry was given a chance to succeed ( the same chance , albeit with more responsibility and real restructuring , that the banks were given ) . The automakers then took that chance and turned it into a rousing success .
That 's the kind of American spirit that used to be universal . What could be seen as traitorous in investing in an American company that hires American workers and manages to pull out of an almost sure bankruptcy to make an incredible success ?
Since Fox ca n't pin the ad on the White House , but they need to kill the very popular message of the ad , Gretchen went paranoid with claims of subliminal messages . Karl Rove previously tried to go after Republican Clint Eastwood for daring to make a pro-America ad , but Clint told them to make their day and since there is n't much they can do to Clint , they moved on to greener pastures of subliminal messages and tin foil .
Of course , Carlson ca n't prove that there are any such subliminal messages in the ad , because there are not . If it felt pro-Obama , that is only because it was hopeful , it was pro-America , and it was the equivalent of planting an American flag on top of the auto industry and saying , “ We did it ! ” We all know that the only reason Chrysler was able to do it was because President Obama fought hard to give them the help they needed at a time when Republicans wanted to let the American auto industry die .
So whose fault is it that Republicans bet against American businesses and lost ? They do n't want you to think of it that way , of course , so instead of allowing Chrysler to have its moment in the sun , they have to go negative and paranoid . They hope their attacks have the same success on Chrysler as they have had on the media ; forcing Chrysler into the position of apologizing and making a pro-Republican ad . But how could Chrysler use a successful American auto company to make a pro-Republcan ad ? Republicans wanted to kill the auto industry . They told us all that union labor was too entitled and they needed to learn a lesson . They told us this as they fed billions to Wall Street and banks .
The Chrysler ad was pro-America . The fact that Fox and Republicans are offended by the ad says more about how they view this country and the extent to which they want to see it fail , and do not see themselves as a part of it , than it does about Chrysler , Clint Eastwood , the advertising company , or the White House .
Most Americans want this country to succeed . We want people to get jobs . It makes us feel great to see an iconic American auto company be the comeback kid in a recession .
Fox knows we feel good about this , and they ca n't have us feeling good because that might mean we were united , and if we were united while a Democrat was in office , well , that would be bad for them . So , like the spoiled little children they are , they want to ruin everyone 's moment of unity and happiness , kill the spirit of “ yes we can ” and make sure gloom and doom dominate .
Republicans are so petty that they can not enjoy the success of a huge American business . They ca n't stand to see the President getting even implied credit for work they actually did . They demand that no one give them credit or even suggest ( subliminally ! ) that Obama made the right choice , let alone that things might get better for Americans soon .
Advertising agencies do not slip subliminal political messages into their ads . The client approves everything from the script to the talent to the final cut , so the claim that the ad agency has an Obama supporter in it ( unproven ) is moot to boot .
Does Chrysler love America ? Maybe . Maybe that was the point of their ad . It sure seemed like it to me . The ad was meant to say , hey , America , thank you for pulling together , look what we did , and guess what , your second half is about to begin !
The Chrysler ad was full of hope and American spirit . It should tell us all we need to know that Republicans and Fox News are so outraged by it .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Four years after their last record , Rock and Roll Hall of Famer John Mellencamp is back with more stirring songs about American life in their newest album , Plain Spoken .
You can listen to the record 's second track , “ Sometimes There 's God , ” exclusively on Parade.com below :
The melancholy song about struggling with religion joins nine other thoughtfully crafted , rustic tracks on Plain Spoken , Mellencamp 's 22nd full-length studio album that comes almost 40 years after their first album 's release .
Mellencamp , 62 , can next be seen performing at their annual Farm Aid benefit concert , cofounded with Willie Nelson and Neil Young , on September 13 . The fundraiser works to save American family farms from foreclosure . Then in January , the Bloomington , Indiana native will kick off an 80-city North American tour .
Plain Spoken is due out September 23 , but you can preorder the album now .
Check out the full track list :
1 . “ Troubled Man ”
2 . “ Sometimes There 's God ”
3 . “ The Isolation of Mister ”
4 . “ The Company of Cowards ”
5 . “ Tears In Vain ”
6 . “ The Brass Ring ”
7 . “ Freedom Of Speech ”
8 . “ Blue Charlotte ”
9 . “ The Courtesy of Kings ”
10 . “ Lawless Times ”
Listen to the album 's lead single , “ Troubled Man ” :
— Jerry Buss built a glittering life at the intersection of sports and Hollywood .
After growing up in poverty in Wyoming , they earned success in academia , aerospace and real estate before discovering their favorite vocation when they bought the Los Angeles Lakers in 1979 . While Buss wrote the checks and fostered partnerships with two generations of basketball greats , the Lakers won 10 NBA titles and became a glamorous global brand .
Jerry Buss
With a scientist 's analytical skills , a playboy 's flair , a business person 's money-making savvy and a die-hard hoops fan 's heart , Buss fashioned the Lakers into a remarkable sports entity . They became a nightly happening , often defined by just one word coined by Buss : Showtime .
`` His impact is felt worldwide , '' said Kobe Bryant , who has spent nearly half their life working for Buss .
Buss , who shepherded their NBA team from the Showtime dynasty of the 1980s to the current Bryant era while becoming one of the most important and successful owners in pro sports , died Monday . They were 80 .
`` Think about the impact that he 's had on the game and the decisions he 's made , and the brand of basketball they brought here with Showtime and the impact that had on the sport as a whole , '' Bryant said a few days ago . `` Those vibrations were felt to a kid all the way in Italy who was 6 years old , before basketball was even global . ''
Under Buss ' leadership , the star-studded , trophy-winning Lakers became Southern California 's most beloved sports franchise and a signature cultural representation of Los Angeles . Buss acquired , nurtured and befriended a staggering array of talented players and basketball minds during their Hall of Fame tenure , from Magic Johnson , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and James Worthy to Bryant , Shaquille O'Neal and Dwight Howard .
Few owners in sports history can approach Buss ' accomplishments with the Lakers , who made the NBA Finals 16 times during their nearly 34 years in charge , winning 10 titles between 1980 and 2010 . Whatever the Lakers did under Buss ' watch , they did it big - with marquee players , eye-popping style and a relentless pursuit of success with little regard to its financial cost .
`` His incredible commitment and desire to build a championship-caliber team that could sustain success over a long period of time has been unmatched , '' said Jerry West , Buss ' longtime general manager and now a consultant with the Golden State Warriors . `` With all of their achievements , Jerry was without a doubt one of the most humble men I 've ever been around . Their vision was second to none ; they wanted an NBA franchise brand that represented the very best and went to every extreme to accomplish their goals . ''
Buss died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , said Bob Steiner , their assistant and longtime friend . Buss had been hospitalized for most of the past 18 months while undergoing cancer treatment , but the cause of death was kidney failure , Steiner said .
`` When someone as celebrated and charismatic as Jerry Buss dies , we are reminded of two things , '' said Abdul-Jabbar , the leading scorer in NBA history . `` First , just how much one person with vision and strength of will , can accomplish . Second , how fragile each of us is , regardless of how powerful we were . Those two things combine to inspire us to reach for the stars , but also to remain with our feet firmly on the ground among our loved ones . ... The man may be gone , but they have made us all better people for knowing him . ''
With their condition worsening in recent months , several prominent former Lakers visited Buss to say goodbye . Even rivals such as Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and Clippers owner Donald Sterling hailed the passion and bonhomie of the former chemist and mathematician who lived their own Hollywood dream .
`` He was a great man and an incredible friend , '' Johnson tweeted .
Buss always referred to the Lakers as their extended family , and their players rewarded their fanlike excitement with devotion , friendship and two hands full of championship rings . Working with front-office executives West , Bill Sharman and Mitch Kupchak , Buss spent lavishly to win their titles despite lacking a huge personal fortune , often running the NBA 's highest payroll while also paying high-profile coaches Pat Riley and Phil Jackson .
`` Jerry Buss was more than just an owner . They were one of the great innovators that any sport has ever encountered , '' Riley said . `` He was a true visionary , and it was obvious with the Lakers in the 80 's that ` Showtime ' was more than just Magic Johnson and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar . It was really the vision of a man who saw something that connected with a community . ''
Ownership of the Lakers is now in a trust controlled by Buss ' six children , who all have worked for the Lakers in various capacities for several years . With 1,786 victories , the Lakers easily are the NBA 's winningest franchise since they bought the club , which is now run largely by Jim Buss and Jeanie Buss .
`` We not only have lost our cherished father , but a beloved man of our community and a person respected by the world basketball community , '' the Buss family said in a statement issued by the Lakers .
Dr. Jerry Buss 's Hall of Fame Speech
`` It was our father 's often-stated desire and expectation that the Lakers remain in the Buss family . The Lakers have been our lives as well , and we will honor their wish and do everything in our power to continue their unparalleled legacy . ''
Johnson and fellow Hall of Famers Abdul-Jabbar and Worthy formed lifelong bonds with Buss during the Lakers ' run to five titles in nine years in the 1980s , when the Lakers earned a reputation as basketball 's most exciting team with their flamboyant Showtime repartee .
The buzz extended throughout the Forum , where Buss turned the Lakers ' games into a must-see event . They used the Laker Girls , a brass band and promotions to keep Lakers fans interested during all four quarters . Courtside seats , priced at $ 15 when they bought the Lakers , became the hottest tickets in Hollywood - and they still are , with fixture Jack Nicholson and many other celebrities attending every home game .
`` Anybody associated with the NBA since 1980 benefited greatly from Jerry Buss ' impact on the game , '' Steiner said . `` He had a different way of looking at things than I did , and people who had been raised in basketball . ''
Buss paid the Lakers ' bills through both their wild success and their groundbreaking moves to raise revenue . They co-founded a basic-cable sports television network and sold the naming rights to the Forum at times when both now-standard strategies were unusual , further justifying their induction to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2010 .
`` The NBA has lost a visionary owner whose influence on our league is incalculable and will be felt for decades to come , '' NBA Commissioner David Stern said . `` More importantly , we have lost a dear and valued friend . ''
Showtime could n't last forever , but after a rough stretch in the 1990s , Buss rekindled the Lakers ' mystique by paying top dollar to hire Jackson , who led O'Neal and Bryant to a three-peat from 2000-02 . Bryant and Pau Gasol won two more titles under Jackson in 2009 and 2010 .
The current Lakers ( 25-29 ) have struggled mightily despite adding Howard and Steve Nash in a couple of moves that were typical of Buss ' big , brash style . Los Angeles could miss the playoffs this spring for just the third time since Buss bought the franchise .
`` Today is a very sad day for all the Lakers and basketball , '' Gasol tweeted . `` All my support and condolences to the Buss family . Rest in peace Dr . Buss . ''
Although Buss gained fame and another fortune with the Lakers , they also are a scholar , Renaissance man and bon vivant who epitomized California cool their entire public life .
Buss rarely appeared in public without at least one attractive , much younger woman on their arm - at Southern California football games , high-stakes poker tournaments , hundreds of boxing matches promoted by Buss at the Forum - and , of course , Lakers games from their private box at Staples Center , which was built under their watch . With their failing health , Buss had n't attended a Lakers game in the past two seasons .
After a rough-and-tumble childhood that included stints as a ditch-digger and a bellhop in the frigid Wyoming winters , Buss earned a Ph.D. in chemistry from USC at age 24 , and had careers in aerospace and real estate development before getting into sports . With money from their real-estate ventures and a good bit of creative accounting , Buss bought the then-struggling Lakers , the NHL 's Los Angeles Kings and both clubs ' arena - the Forum - from Jack Kent Cooke in a $ 67.5 million deal that was the largest sports transaction in history at the time .
Last month , Forbes estimated the Lakers were worth $ 1 billion , second most in the NBA .
Buss also helped change televised sports by co-founding the Prime Ticket network in 1985 , and they received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2006 for their work in television . Breaking the contemporary model of subscription services for televised sports , Buss ' Prime Ticket put beloved broadcaster Chick Hearn and the Lakers ' home games on basic cable .
Buss also sold the naming rights to the Forum in 1988 to Great Western Savings & Loan - another deal that was ahead of its time .
1985 NBA Champions
Born in Salt Lake City , Gerald Hatten Buss was raised in poverty in Wyoming before improving their life through education . They also grew to love basketball , describing themselves as an `` overly competitive but underly endowed player . ''
After graduating from the University of Wyoming , Buss attended USC for graduate school because they loved its sports teams . They also became a chemistry professor and worked in the missile division of defense contractor McDonnell Douglas before carving out a path to wealth and sports prominence .
Their real-estate portfolio grew out of a $ 1,000 investment in a West Los Angeles apartment building with partner Frank Mariani , an aerospace engineer and co-worker .
Heavily leveraging their fortune and various real-estate holdings during two years of negotiations , Buss purchased Cooke 's entire Los Angeles sports empire along with a 13,000-acre ranch in Kern County . Buss immediately worked to transform the Lakers - who had won just one NBA title since moving west from Minneapolis in 1960 - into a star-powered endeavor befitting Hollywood .
`` One of the first things I tried to do when I bought the team was to make it an identification for this city , like Motown in Detroit , '' they told the Los Angeles Times in 2008 . `` I try to keep that identification alive . I 'm a real Angeleno . I want us to be part of the community . ''
With showmanship , fearless spending and a little drafting luck , Buss quickly succeeded : Johnson , Abdul-Jabbar and coach Paul Westhead led the Lakers to the 1980 title . Johnson 's ball-handling wizardry and Abdul-Jabbar 's smooth inside game made for an attractive style of play , and the Lakers came to define West Coast sophistication .
Riley , the former broadcaster who fit the L.A. image perfectly with their slick-backed hair and good looks , was surprisingly promoted by Buss early in the 1981-82 season . They became one of the best coaches in NBA history , leading the Lakers to four straight NBA finals and four titles , with Worthy , Michael Cooper , Byron Scott and A.C. Green playing major roles .
`` I was privileged to be part of that for 10 years and even more grateful for the friendship that has lasted all these many years , '' Riley said . `` I have always come to realize that if it were n't for Dr. Buss , I would n't be where I am today . ''
Overall , the Lakers made the Finals nine times in Buss ' first 12 seasons while rekindling the NBA 's best rivalry with the Boston Celtics , and Buss basked in the worldwide celebrity they received from their team 's achievements . Their partying became the stuff of Los Angeles legends , with even their players struggling to keep up with Buss ' lifestyle .
Johnson 's HIV diagnosis and retirement in 1991 staggered Buss and the Lakers , the owner recalled in 2011 . The Lakers went through seven coaches and made just one conference finals appearance in an eight-year stretch of the 1990s despite the 1996 arrivals of O'Neal , who signed with Los Angeles as a free agent , and Bryant , the 17-year-old high schooler acquired in a draft-week trade .
Shaq and Kobe did n't reach their potential until Buss persuaded Jackson , the Chicago Bulls ' six-time NBA champion coach , to take over the Lakers in 1999 . Los Angeles immediately won the next three NBA titles in brand-new Staples Center , AEG 's state-of-the-art downtown arena built with the Lakers as the primary tenant .
After the Lakers traded O'Neal in 2004 , they hovered in mediocrity again until acquiring Gasol in a heist of a trade with Memphis in early 2008 . Los Angeles made the next three NBA Finals , winning two more titles .
Through the Lakers ' frequent successes and occasional struggles , Buss never stopped living their Hollywood dream . They were an avid poker player and a fixture on the Los Angeles club scene well into their 70s , when a late-night drunk-driving arrest in 2007 - with a 23-year-old woman in the passenger seat of their Mercedes-Benz - prompted them to cut down on their partying .
Buss owned the NHL 's Kings from 1979-87 , and the WNBA 's Los Angeles Sparks won two league titles under Buss ' ownership . They also owned Los Angeles franchises in World Team Tennis and the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Buss ' children have pledged to continue their commitment to the Lakers ' distinctive success , although their efforts have n't been rewarded in the past three years while Jerry Buss ceded many decision-making responsibilities to Jim Buss , the Lakers ' executive vice president of player personnel and the second-oldest child . While daughter Jeanie runs the franchise 's business side , Jim Buss now has the final say on basketball decisions .
Jerry Buss still served two terms as president of the NBA 's Board of Governors and was actively involved in the 2011 lockout negotiations , developing blood clots in their legs attributed to their extensive travel during that time .
`` I am blessed with a wonderful family who have helped me and guided me every step of the way , '' Buss said in 2010 at their Hall of Fame induction ceremony . `` This support is the best anybody could ever have . ''
Buss is survived by their six children : sons Johnny , Jim , Joey and Jesse , and daughters Jeanie Buss and Janie Drexel . They had eight grandchildren .
Arrangements are pending for a funeral and memorial service , likely at Staples Center or a nearby theatre in downtown Los Angeles .
TPM 's Brian Beutler takes on the Republicans ' favorite lie of the moment , that 47 percent of Americans ( the rabble-rousing class warriors , apparently ) do n't pay any taxes . Here 's how much of a lie that is .
While 47 percent of recession-era American households do n't pay federal income taxes , they pay plenty elsewhere , and more to the point , have picked up a larger and larger share of the nation 's tax burden over the last half century .
Over the 58 years preceding the Lesser Depression , the share of federal revenues that came from individual income taxes has remained fairly stable , fluctuating between 40 and 50 percent , and peaking just before George W. Bush slashed rates in 2001 . The rest has come from corporate income taxes , payroll taxes , and various other taxes . To a surprising extent , the story of the last six decades is one of a shrinking burden on big business , and a growing burden on workers—the bulk of the `` 47 percent '' . Since 1950 , regressive payroll taxes have grown to comprise over one-third of federal revenues—they used to comprise about one-tenth . For corporate income taxes , it 's just the opposite—what used to provide the Treasury over a quarter of its revenue now provides just over 10 percent .
Payroll taxes , which were expanded in 1965 to include Medicare financing , keep on growing , while corporate taxes keep on shrinking . The numbers reflected in the chart are pre-recession , but the trend is unmistakable and unchanged . And those payroll taxes , excise taxes , and other taxes that the 47 percent do pay make up a good chunk of federal revenue .
It 's that sliver at the bottom , corporate income tax , that exposes the big lie of Republicans . Their `` job creators '' are not carrying their fair share of the burden , any way you slice it .
Egg laying chickens should have a comfortable place to sit and nest if you do n't want them to lay eggs here and there and everywhere . All pre-made chicken coops or chicken coop plans will include 12″x12″x12″ nesting boxes ( one cubic foot ) , which is considered to be big enough for all sizes of laying hen .
A standard 5 gallon plastic buckets has a radius of 5.5″ and a depth of 14″ , making its volume 0.76 cubic feet , which is close enough to keep most breeds of chicken happy !
You can see that 2/3 of the lid is cut away , leaving the bottom 1/3 intact , which is necessary to prevent the chickens from kicking all the straw all over the floor . Use wood shavings instead for the best bedding . The rubberized strip is important to protect those delicate chicken feet from getting scratched by the sharp plastic edge . I would probably use a segment of bike tube for my rubberized edge , bike shops give them away free by the dozens .
The back of the nesting box is screwed onto 2x4s which run the length of the coop . This ensures that they wo n't roll around .
( Update ) A reader has informed me that any breed of chicken will use these types of nesting boxes – even the very large Buff Orpington variety !
There are many more ways to use buckets for chicken care . Check out these additional five gallon ideas :
Link : 5 gallon bucket chicken care posts .
Posted on
http : //eastsidebahaicenter.org/
On Tuesday night , I went over across the lake to Bellevue , to sit in on a devotional service at the Baha ' i Center .
Bellevue is a bit off my beaten path , and I would n't come over to the east side for just any church . But the only other Baha ' i devotionals near me in Seattle happen in peoples ' homes , and I 'm not comfortable going to someone 's house , especially if I 'm going to write about it later . A house is a private setting , and my blog is n't a private thing .
So , for the Baha ' i , I 've made an exception and I trundled over the bridge to visit them .
Unfortunately , I do n't yet have enough information about their services to make a proper review . Like the minyon I attended at Beth Shalom , this is just a prayer service , and not a full-on worship service .
In fact , they really do n't have full-on worship services . They have events , about every 19 days or so ( they have a 19 day month on their calendar ) , that involves a speaker . So I 'm going to go to one of those in the hopes that it 's close enough to a sermon that I can write about it and give them a score .
That will be down the road a piece , but for now , I 'll write about my visit .
I arrived at the center about ten minutes before the devotional was supposed to start . The building is a large impressive modern space with lots of meeting rooms , a large hall , and a huge back “ porch ” with a barbecue area . It looks a lot like one of Seattle 's community centers . They have another space that 's rented out to an exercise business .
I wondered around looking lost ( because I really was ) and tried to figure out where the devotional was going to be held . A man with poor English ( I would later learn is an Iranian who 's been in the US for just a few years ) guided me to the proper room after a rather confused exchange of words .
The room was kind of small , not much larger than your typical living room , and filled with soft , black , pleather armchairs . The kind you 'd find in a coffee shop or for sale at Pier One . There was a low coffee table with a plant on it , a book shelf , and a large flat screen television , which looked to be about 50 inches or so , sitting on top of an entertainment center . The room was carpeted , and under the coffee table was a nice Persian rug . The walls were painted in earthy and mocha-y tones .
It was like the living rooms you see in catalogs , with the furniture artfully arranged and for sale .
There were also a number of square ottomans , also black and pleathery . The kind that open up to reveal storage space in them . One of these ottomans sprouted cables , and a computer keyboard and mouse came out . There was a man there using the mouse and keyboard , with the PC displaying on the big television .
( Being an open source computer nerd , I would like to note here that on the PC desktop I saw icons OpenOffice , FireFox , and the open source media player VLC . I heartily approve . )
The man was queuing up a playlist of little music videos , but lamenting the fact that the PC was going very slowly because it had just started up and insisted on downloading a bunch of updates right then and there . I resisted the urge to evangelize about Linux , but only just barely .
Other people walked in and took up seats . I sat next to the guy fussing over the computer .
Baha ' i purports to be a very open religion . Open to all creeds , faiths , and people . It is not surprising , then , that this group was a somewhat diverse lot . There were three middle eastern guys , two white guys ( including me ) , a white woman , a hispanic woman , and a black guy . Up until now , I had n't seen a lot of diversity except at the mosque , which was a mix of middle eastern , African-American , African , and a few white dudes . Every other place I 've gone has been typical of the rather un-diverse and overwhelmingly white North Seattle .
I keep hearing that churches in Central and South Seattle are a mix of folks , but I have n't gone down there to see for myself just yet . Soon .
Anyway , the guy with the computer , who was our devotional leader for the night , finally got the computer under control , and we started .
Now , I have to say here , I walked into this more blindly than I usually do . I mean , I try to be a blank slate when I go somewhere , but that 's not usually completely possible . I knew about some of the churches already from my own upbringing , and for the others , I 've usually heard something about them . But for the Baha'is , I was almost completely ignorant . The only thing I knew about them going in was that they are a universal faith , and they are of middle eastern origin . I had no idea what was going to happen in the devotional .
The leader played a nice music video on the PC , and we all sat and either listened or watched . I mostly watched and looked around at folks . Most of the others had their eyes closed . The black guy , who I 'm going to call “ Smiley , ” sat close-eyed in a sort of lotus position with a huge rapt smile on their face . They were really into it .
The music was a soft country-western gospel song , and it was nice . After it was over , the leader read a prayer out of their Baha ' i prayer book . It was about praising God . The woman next to them started reading a prayer , from their copy of the same book , that was about thanking god for being awesome . Then it was the Hispanic woman 's turn , and they read what sounded like a Christian prayer to me , also praising God and thanking them for being so awesome .
Then it was Smiley 's turn . Their eyes were still closed , and their mouth was still smiling , and they had no prayer book . They started to sing a song about being imperfect and thanking God for helping them get closer to being perfect . It was really nice , they had a great voice . Kind of like Aaron Neville , but in a lower register . It had the same kind of fading in and out vibrato .
All of a sudden , their arms shot up in exaltation , and Smiley 's song boomed out throughout the small room . So sudden was the change in volume that I lost a sandal in my knee-jerk fear response . If I had been holding anything , it would have been on the floor . The lady who had gone before them calmly put their fingers in their ears . They were used to it . Nobody else flinched . Me , I was having an adrenaline rush .
Smiley 's song went on for quite a while , and when it ended , one of the three middle eastern guys started singing something in Arabic . It was quite pretty , but I do n't know what it was about , although I did pick up a few chants of “ Allahu Akbar ” in there . Their prayer sounded a lot like the chants I heard at the mosque , the same sort of intonation and ululation that you hear in Muslim calls to prayer .
The next guy explained in English that their prayer was partly in Persian , and partly in Arabic , and was for Iranian Baha'is who are imprisoned in Iran . It was also pretty , and also sung out nicely .
About this time , I began to realize something : They were going to expect me to pray as well . Uh oh . I was not prepared . Also , prayer is not really my thing . I was n't sure what I was going to do .
The last guy to go before me , the third middle eastern guy , said a prayer in English that they had on their smartphone . I ca n't really remember what it was about , because at this point , all I could think about was what I would do when it was my turn .
My turn came , and there was a long , awkward pause , and I said quietly , “ I do n't have a prayer . ”
The white woman thoughtfully ( and quickly ) pulled a set of cards out of the entertainment center and handed them to me . I was kind of flustered , and in a hurry to get my part over , and so I just read the first one on the top card without thinking about it .
It was the prayer from Alcoholics Anonymous . You know , “ Lord grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change … ” et cetera . I was glad I had something to contribute , but I felt a little fraudulent . I do n't pray . I do n't mind prayer , and this one is as good as any other prayer , I suppose , but it was n't something I would have picked to say aloud if I had prepared in advance .
While I pondered over this , the leader queued up another music video , and started the cycle all over again . Great . I was committed now , I was going to have to pray some more . I flipped through the cards to see what was on them . There were lots of Baha ' i prayers , and lots of Christian Prayers , Jewish prayers , some quotes from the Koran . Then I saw something promising : A Hopi prayer followed by a Navajo prayer . Those were okay . And they did n't ask God for anything nor did they offer up praise or anything like that . I felt I could read these aloud without being a fraud . There was also a nice poem by Maya Angelou that I liked .
So , now that I had a plan , I sat patiently and waited for my turn . There was more praying . More glory to God . More asking God to bestow wisdom . More thanking God . More very loud and intense singing from Smiley . More Arabic chanting .
It went around twice more , so I got to read the Hopi and the Navajo prayers , but did n't get to Maya Angelou .
Afterwards , some of us sat around for about an hour and chewed the fat . One of the middle eastern guys and the prayer leader and me . We did talk a little bit about Baha ' i , and when and where I could go to get something resembling a sermon , and a bit more about the philosophy and beliefs and origins of Baha ' i , but mostly we just talked about stuff . The way that you do when you 're just hanging out and talking about nothing in particular .
The middle eastern guy had brought some watermelon , and after that was finished , we closed up the center and parted ways .
I enjoyed my visit and I look forward to going back .
Advertisements
Our public consultation document ( link below ) is the precursor to our 2015 general election manifesto . Details are provided of 20 areas in which the state assaults men and boys , and proposals are made with respect to each of them . We expect the manifesto will cover more than 20 areas . There are no areas in which the British state assaults women and girls – to the contrary , it preferences them in many ways , to the detriment of men and boys… and the majority of women and girls too , ironically . The state 's deliberate destruction of the nuclear family for 40+ years is but one example .
http : //j4mb.org.uk/our-public-consultation-exercise-2/
Last year we sent a FoI request to HMRC enquiring about the gender balance of income tax receipts . We learned that British men collectively pay 72 % of the income tax collected in the UK , women just 28 % . My article on the matter – ‘ He who pays the piper , calls the tune . Or does he ? ' – was published by an American website , ‘ A Voice for Men ' , http : //avoiceformen.com , the most-visited and most influential men 's human rights advocacy website in the world . After you open the following link , scroll down to the article published on 12 March 2o13 . Be sure not to have a hot drink in your hand , because there 's a photograph of Janet Street-Porter – who won one of our coveted ‘ Harpy ' awards – above an article exploring whether she 's the most evil woman in Britain . A supporter emailed us enquiring , ‘ Has Harriet Harman died , then ? '
http : //www.avoiceformen.com/author/mikebuchanan1957/
Share this : Share
Facebook
Twitter
News item from Judy Battista :
Players managed to keep the N.F.L . from adopting an 18-game regular season when the collective bargaining agreement was completed last summer , but the possibility has not been eliminated . Roger Goodell said that the topic had not been discussed in a while but that they expected the league to bring it up again this year or early next year . Goodell said they wanted the league to go through a full cycle of the current off-season rules — including reduced workouts , designed to limit wear and tear on players — before examining a longer regular season again .
While you contemplate that , here are the main rule changes approved at the annual N.F.L . meetings , which ended Wednesday :
1 ) The postseason overtime format will now be used in the regular season .
2 ) Might as well call it the Giants-Patriots Super Bowl rule : The college rule for too many men on the field will be used in the N.F.L .
3 ) The definition of a defenseless player will be extended to defenders on crackback blocks , making it illegal to hit them in the head or neck .
4 ) An automatic replay review will be performed for all turnovers . An attempt to give booth officials more authority failed .
For more , go to Michael David Smith 's quick yet complete summary at ProFootballTalk.com :
Extra point The N.F.L . has made the game safer in recent seasons , but it has not fundamentally changed what is a brutal sport . The lawsuits keep piling up , as do the stories of former players who are dealing with the long-term effects of head trauma . Wednesday 's example , from The Washington Times : Memory Loss Prompted Rypien to Join Lawsuit Against NFL . And yet the league still pines for an 18-game season . Do you think the N.F.L . realizes that it has a problem a little more severe than how to review turnovers ?
New Delhi : The Delhi High Court on Friday asked the central government and the Election Commission to take appropriate actions against the Congress and the BJP for taking foreign funds in violation of law .
Justice Pradeep Nandrajog and Justice Jayant Nath allowed the plea of an NGO filed by advocate Prashant Bhushan seeking directions for a probe into donations allegedly taken by the parties from subsidiaries of the Britain-based Vedanta group .
The bench said the concerned authority should act within six months in accordance with the law . The Bharatiya Janata Party and the Congress had claimed that Vedanta Resources was not a foreign company and therefore no law had been violated .
The PIL filed by the Association for Democratic Reforms through Bhushan said , the Britain-based Vedanta Resources and its subsidiary companies in India - including Sterlite Industries , Sesa Goa and Malco - `` have donated several crores of rupees to major political parties like the Congress and the BJP '' .
The two parties breached the Representation of the People Act , 1951 , and the Foreign Contribution ( Regulation ) Act ( FCRA ) , the PIL alleged .
IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
One of the inherent downsides of technology 's rapid advancement is how much of its history gets left behind with each new plateau we reach . However , the great minds at the Internet Archive ( IA ) have come up with a way to not only preserve our past , but make it accessible via the Javascript MESS emulator that can run a slew of classic games and programs in your browser . Next time you have a hankering to futz with WordStar or play E.T . The Extraterrestrial at work , you wo n't have to go blow the cobwebs off the relics sitting in the office supply closet , you can just check out the IA 's Historical Software Collection . From there , you 're but a few clicks away from reliving a curated swath of computing 's best ( and worst ) moments . Now if you 'll excuse us , we 're going to be playing The Hobbit for the the foreseeable future .
[ Image credit : wizzer2801/Flickr ]
August 19 , 2014 ; Oakland , CA , USA ; Oakland Athletics manager Bob Melvin ( 6 ) signals for a pitching change against the New York Mets during the sixth inning at O.co Coliseum . The Athletics defeated the Mets 6-2 . Mandatory Credit : Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
Houston Astros : Why We Hate Them by Tony Frye
It is no secret how great a fit Bob Melvin has been with the Oakland Athletics .
Since their mid-season hiring in 2011 , the Athletics have reached the postseason three times , won two division titles , and defied all of the odds . Yes , all of them .
It is also no secret that general manager Billy Beane has given the team an extreme makeover this winter ( see pretty much every article on our site since October ) .
Beane 's moves are not just a budget-fueled juggling routine , but are proof that they believe not just in the players they acquired , but in the men entrusted with leading them on the field .
Melvin has been the man filling out the lineup card for three-plus years . Their ability to mix and match on a daily basis shows not only their willingness to go along with is happening in Oakland , but also their creativity and adaptability .
The two-time manager of the year is 818-768 over 11 years as a a major league manager . They previously managed for the Arizona Diamondbacks and Seattle Mariners .
In 2012 Curt Young returned to their role as pitching coach for the Oakland Athletics after a brief stint with the Boston Red Sox . Chili Davis was hired as hitting coach , and Mike Gallego and Ty Waller returned to their respective places along the baselines .
That group , led by Melvin , took a roster full of rookies and leftovers to the postseason following a third place finish the year before .
Chili Davis has moved on , agreeing to a deal with the Red Sox , but Young , Gallego and Waller remain .
We know what Gallego brings to the coaching staff . And Waller is well-researched , and well-prepared as first base coach . Perhaps that 's why the base stealers on the team such high rates of success .
Replacing Davis is Darren Bush , who managed at triple-A Sacramento for two seasons prior to being named the Oakland bullpen coach in 2013 .
Former Oakland Athletics all-stars Brandon Moss and Josh Donaldson attribute much of their success to the work Bush did with their swings as well as their baseball mentality .
Though Donaldson and Moss are gone , Brett Lawrie , Billy Butler , Marcus Semien , Ike Davis , and Mark Canha have entered the picture .
As hitting coach Bush will have every opportunity to work with the five I just mentioned and get the most out of them .
Lawrie , Semien , Davis , and Canha have yet to reach the level that Moss and Donaldson reached in their two-plus years in Oakland . Beane is betting big that Bush can take them there .
The starting rotations of the 2012 and 2013 AL west champion Athletics are completely gone . Some due to trades or free agency , other to the dreaded ghost of Tommy John .
That wo n't stop Curt Young from piecing together an elite pitching staff .
In 2012 Young took Bartolo Colon , oft-injured righty Brandon McCarthy , career journeyman and lovable Aussie Travis Blackley , and the trio of rookies A.J . Griffin , Jarrod Parker , and Tommy Milone , the owners of six previous major league starts combined , and squeezed out the second best rotation ERA in the AL .
Collectively the Oakland Athletics that year had the AL 's best ERA when you factor in relievers .
But that group included a similarly ragged bunch . Former first base prospect Sean Doolittle learned how to pitch the previous season , began dominating in the major leagues upon their call-up . Ryan Cook , a rookie who failed as a starting pitcher in the minors , became an all-star . Jerry Blevins was the leader in the bullpen .
Fast forward to today and it 's all the same , only the names have changed .
Take out Parker , Milone , and Griffin and add in Jesse Hahn , Kendall Graveman , and Sean Nolin .
Instead of Cook and Blevins we have R.J. Alvarez and Eury De La Rosa .
Young has proven they are up to the task of turning this “ rebuilt ” pitching staff and making it a winner .
Fans and executives give Beane plenty of credit for piecing together quality team after quality team .
I say it 's time we start giving the Oakland Athletics coaches their due .
Story highlights LZ Granderson : Thomas Jefferson urged America to keep its government current
They say it 's time to update the rules about the American presidency
LZ : Presidents should get only one six-year term and should have done military service
They say only those between 45 and 70 years old should be eligible to run
Visiting the Jefferson Memorial in Washington never gets old to me .
Not only is it architecturally stunning , but the quotes on the four panels surrounding the sculpture of our third president stir a profound sense of patriotism and spiritual clarity inside me .
`` We hold these truths to be self-evident : that all men are created equal . ''
`` Almighty God hath created the mind free . ''
LZ Granderson
`` God who gave us life gave us liberty . ''
And then there 's my favorite :
`` I am not an advocate for frequent changes in laws and constitutions , but laws and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind . ''
That quote goes on to talk about the importance of having a fluid Constitution , one that reflects the society of the time as opposed to `` the regimen of their barbarous ancestors . ''
It 's really quite profound when you think about it : a founding father granting future generations permission to make changes to a document with the ink barely dry on the original . And we have taken Jefferson up on their suggestion , such as granting women the right to vote .
But that tends to be the nature of most of the biggest changes that have been made to the Constitution : affecting the rights and behavior of citizens as opposed to the structure of the government itself .
Today , given how money , special interest groups and technology , including electronic media , have diseased the entire political process , I believe it 's time we considered some sweeping changes .
And I believe those changes should start at the very top -- the president . There are three ways America can make the presidency better equipped to respond to the 21st century world .
The first would recognize that the functioning of the federal government is impeded by a president 's bid to run for re-election . So how can we change that ? We start by eliminating second terms .
President Obama 's open mic comment , telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that they would have `` more flexibility '' to discuss missile defense after the November election , was n't as much an appalling gaffe as it was an accurate assessment of the inherent flaw of a two-term system for presidents .
In an election year , each time the president goes to Congress with a new initiative it 's inevitably going to be met with partisan grandstanding and resistance .
And that 's just one negative byproduct of having two terms for a president .
When you think about it , the first year is spent operating under the previous administration 's budget , and part of the third and all of the fourth are spent running for re-election . Essentially we give a new president about 18 months to focus on creating meaningful policies . A good chunk of the rest of the term is spent fundraising .
But what if we were to amend the Constitution so that each president gets only one six-year term ? They or they spend five years focused on governing without handwringing over a bid for re-election .
The second change : a requirement that no person could be elected president without prior military experience .
I 'm OK with GOP candidates questioning Obama 's foreign policy . I 'm not OK with all of this tough talk about Iran , with the risk of starting another war , by Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich , who chose not to serve during the Vietnam War .
Military experience does not necessarily mean serving in wartime , and clearly military experience alone does n't guarantee a sharp strategic mind ( insert President George W. Bush joke here ) .
But it just seems logical that if you 're going to be called commander in chief , there should something tangible on your resume to suggest that title has been earned and not handed to you by a super PAC . It was our 34th president , Dwight D. Eisenhower , who said , `` I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can . ''
When I hear Romney , Gingrich and Rick Santorum speak about Iran , their words are not spoken through the filter of Eisenhower 's insight , but rather shouted arrogantly out of a megaphone at some people who hate Obama .
It 's so twisted that the views of the only candidate with military experience , Rep. Ron Paul , are routinely dismissed as being naive by a handful of warmongers who do n't look as if they 've ever thrown a punch in their lives .
While I agree with the overall tone Obama has taken in the Middle East , I believe they too would have been better served with military experience . It certainly would have added credibility to their push to overturn the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy as well as their decision on the Afghanistan surge .
The third change I would like to see may seem small , but it 's a long overdue amendment : Raise the age of eligibility to run for president from 35 to 45 -- and cap it at 70 .
I know , I know , President Reagan was great -- for some -- but we do n't need to be wondering if the person we elect is going to die while in the White House . And since 35 is the new 25 , we definitely do n't need an inexperienced youngster with their or their finger on the button either .
We 're living longer and getting married later , so it would only stand to reason that we alter the age window to reflect those changes . And in this same vein , it would also make sense to establish term limits on members of Congress , and cap the amount of money one can spend on elections .
If we all take a look around , we 'll see a good chunk of our political process has been kidnapped by career politicians and lobbyists , working to serve each other more than the American people . In order to rescue this process we must do what Jefferson encouraged us to do -- adapt .
Change .
And I believe such changes should -- no , need to -- start at the top .
Longtime Trek author Larry Nemecek ( Star Trek : The Next Generation Companion , Stellar Cartography : The Starfleet Reference Library ) is releasing the fourth volume in their “ On Speaker ” audio series in celebration of Voyager ‘ s 20th anniversary .
TREKLAND : On Speaker is an ongoing series of audio recordings culled from the thousands of hours of audio interviews Nemecek has conducted over the decades . Previous volumes have covered TNG and DS9 , and now , on it 's 20th anniversary , it 's Voyager ‘ s turn .
From the press release :
Twenty years ago , 1995 saw the launch of Star Trek : Voyager as the franchise 's return to network television , headed by the first-ever female lead captain in Star Trek history . And now , Star Trek author/producer Larry Nemecek digs deep into their 500+ hours of longform interviews on analog tape to return to 1994 and 1995 and their long extended conversations with those who built Voyager . The result is the fourth volume in their TREKLAND : On Speaker series , “ Voyager 's Premiere : Taking Care of ‘ Caretaker . ' “ “ These are not sound bites and quickie blurbs for TV , but extended , 60 or 90 minutes interviews at season 's end that have now been digitized and remastered , “ Nemecek explained . “ And , of course , it 's all from the producers , writers and designers who really made the creative decisions behind the moments fans love—far more than even the cast . In long extended clips that have never been heard before in public. ” Making their debuts “ On Speaker ” for Vol . 4 are co-creator/executive producer Jeri Taylor , the godmother of the Janeway character , and Emmy-winning production designer Richard James . There 's also director Winrich “ Rick ” Kolbe and visual effects Emmy winning producer Dan Curry .
The audio recording comes on a compact disc with extensive liner notes , photos , and an introduction from Nemecek himself . The disc costs $ 21.99 , postage included , and is available through Nemecek 's site , larrynemecek.com , or at Larry 's table during their many convention appearances . They are also more than happy to sign copies , either through mail or in person .
More information and images from the set can be found here .
0
We are swimming neck-deep in superheroes , supervillains , and everything in between on television today , spurned on by the success of their brethren on the silver screen . From the origins of the Dark Knight to a hard drinking , frequently cursing private detective , it seems like there 's something for everyone in the fandom of Marvel , DC , and comic books in general . Now , after all of the broadcast shows have wrapped up their seasons , we 're breaking down , from worst to best , the superhero TV shows of the last year ( starting at this point last summer ) to look at the highs and lows . Keep in mind , for this list , we 'll stick with characters who put an emphasis on , or deal with , super aspects of the comic world so entries like The Walking Dead , Preacher , and iZombie for example will be held off until another day .
On Twitter this morning , stung by criticism , President Trump attacked the people of Puerto Rico , all American citizens , as lazy and disorganized people who “ want everything to be done for them. ” I am cutting the verbatim text out of the tweets here .
“ The Mayor of San Juan , who was very complimentary only a few days ago , has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump . Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan , and others in Puerto Rico , who are not able to get their workers to help . They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort . 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job . ”
There 's more . But I do n't think we need to hear more after these words .
Thanks to reporting from the big papers , we now have a general understanding of how this all unfolded . For a critical three or four days after Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico , President Trump was away at their New Jersey golf resort , ranting about the NFL and generally not paying attention . It now seems that was n't merely a matter of optics and presidential statements . Critical time was lost and things did n't happen . Once the scope of catastrophe began to become clear , Trump 's inaction began to generate criticism . Once that happened Trump proceeded to fold Puerto Rico into their comfort zone politics of grievance and narcissism . The focus shifted to Puerto Rico 's debt , ingratitude and – finally this morning – laziness and disorganization .
It does not discount or diminish Trump 's penchant for racist awfulness to note that a lot of this does n't seem to be by design or , perhaps better to say , forethought . It is more like reflex , in response to their own bumbling . Trump provoked their battle with the NFL out of a mix of personal , racist rage and desire to stoke up their supporters with a new white rights grievance controversy . This seems a little different . Their own incompetence and indifference to their job responsibilities generated criticism and led them to make critical mistakes they could not undo . Once that happened , their own personality kicked in . The greased path to narcissistic injury , grievance and racist grievance political attacks was the inevitable reflex . It 's their comfort zone , their natural inclination .
This report is for the media and the general public .
The SMM monitored the implementation of the “ Package of measures for the Implementation of the Minsk agreements ” . Its monitoring was restricted by third parties and security considerations * . In Minsk the Chief Monitor of the SMM chaired the Trilateral Contact Group 's Working Group on Security . The SMM observed continuing ceasefire violations in and around Donetsk over an extended period during night and daytime hours .
In Minsk the SMM Chief Monitor chaired the Trilateral Contact Group 's Working Group on Security . The participants intensively discussed security issues , in particular the situation in and around Shyrokyne but did not reach an agreement .
The SMM observed continuing ceasefire violations in the area of “ Donetsk People 's Republic ” ( “ DPR ” ) -controlled Donetsk . From two observation points , the SMM heard over 300 explosions caused by incoming and outgoing heavy weapons fire , including artillery , and mortar during the night period from 20:48 hours on 18 May to 02:02 hours on 19 May and during the daytime period of 09:10 until 17:25 hours on 19 May . [ 1 ] The SMM observed that the explosions occurred at locations to the west , north , north-east , and south of its Donetsk city centre and Donetsk central railway station positions at distances ranging from 2km to 8km from its positions . The SMM concluded that the explosions had occurred in or around the “ DPR ” -controlled Donetsk airport ( 10km north-west of Donetsk ) , Spartak ( 10km north-north-west of Donetsk ) , and the southerly part of Donetsk city , as well as government controlled Pisky ( 7km west of Donetsk ) and Opytne ( 12km north-west of Donetsk ) .
The SMM met with the Ukrainian Armed Forces Major-General and the Russian Federation Armed Forces Colonel-General at the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination ( JCCC ) HQ in Soledar ( government-controlled , 77km north-north-east of Donetsk ) . The incident logs provided to the SMM by each party differed in attribution of responsibility , but both logs showed a total of 71 ceasefire violations , representing an increasing level of fighting in the general area of Donetsk ( “ DPR ” -controlled ) and in the directions of Horlivka ( “ DPR ” -controlled , 43km north-east of Donetsk ) , and Pisky ( government-controlled , 7km north-west of Donetsk ) .
The SMM , jointly with JCCC officers representing both Russian Federation Armed Forces and Ukrainian Armed Forces , travelled to Pisky ( government-controlled , 7km north-west of Donetsk ) , where it met with the Ukrainian Armed Forces Commander of a unit located in the south-eastern part of Pisky , who informed that during shelling in the evening of 18 May two soldiers were wounded , one seriously . The SMM was then guided to a spot allegedly impacted by a white phosphorus mortar grenade . According to one of the soldiers , the shelling occurred around midnight on 18 May . The SMM noted a crater of less than 1m in diameter and 50cm deep , and assessed it to be an impact of an 82mm mortar . Although both representatives of the JCCC claimed incoming white phosphorus mortar grenades were observed , the SMM was not able to confirm their usage , based on available evidence and analysis at the scene .
The SMM observed that the overall security situation in Shyrokyne ( 20km east of Mariupol ) remained relatively calm for the fourth consecutive day , but the SMM heard 56 explosions late in the day at a distance of 5km E of SMM observation point at Sopyne ( government-controlled 4.5km west of Shyrokyne , 16km east of Mariupol ) , from 17:45 to 18:04 hours .
In Mariupol ( government-controlled , 103km south of Donetsk ) at 10:00 hours , a group of around 25 citizens of various ages and including women and children , held a demonstration in front of the local SMM patrol hub . They expressed their opposition to proposed plans for the disengagement of forces in Shyrokyne , which they believe would make Mariupol vulnerable to attack . Many were wrapped in Ukrainian flags and some held placards . The SMM engaged with the protesters , listening to their concerns and explaining that the sides present in the JCCC worked out a plan to protect civilians in Shyrokyne . After 10 minutes , the protesters dispersed . Some 10-15 media representatives covered the event , which took place in a peaceful and quiet atmosphere .
In the Luhansk region the SMM observed that the overall security situation remained calm .
In government-controlled Troitske ( 69km west of Luhansk ) , the SMM spoke to three male interlocutors in their sixties who told the SMM that they are unable to plant their crops this year for fear of mines in the fields . The interlocutors ' concerns are based on information about mines apparently communicated to the villagers by soldiers of the Ukrainian Armed Forces , and by an SMM-investigated incident on 24 March 2015 where a woman lost their leg due to a mine .
The SMM spoke to the “ mayor ” of “ Lugansk People 's Republic ” ( “ LPR ” ) -controlled Krasnodon ( 43km south-east of Luhansk ) , who told the SMM that agriculture has suffered because of the conflict with 6000 out of 24,000 hectares in the district of Krasnodon affected by mines and unexploded ordnance . The district “ emergency situations institution ” has managed to clear approximately 4000 hectares and is expecting to clear the remaining 2000 hectares in the next few months to be able to plant . According to the interlocutor , agriculture is considered the second most important economic resource in this district , just after mining . It presently generated 12 % of revenues for Krasnodon . According to the interlocutor , 4500 people work in agriculture , mostly for the 117 agricultural enterprises located in the area . As a result of the conflict , production of vegetables has fallen ( from formerly 230 hectares being cultivated to now 30 hectares ) .
Despite claims that the withdrawal of heavy weapons has been completed , the SMM observed nine tanks ( T-72 ) in the general vicinity of Torez ( “ DPR ” -controlled , 58km east of Donetsk ) . The SMM also observed a total of another eight tanks ( T-64 ) in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions , four in government-controlled areas and four in “ LPR ” -controlled areas .
The SMM , along with representatives of the European Union Advisory Mission and Amnesty International , visited two allegedly Russian soldiers at the Central Military Hospital in Kyiv , where the two men are detained and under strong guard . The short 10-minute visit was conducted as part of the SMM monitoring function , under the supervision of the State Security Service of Ukraine . The responsible doctors told the SMM and the other international visitors that the two men were being treated after being injured in fighting around the town of Shchastya ( government-controlled , 20km north of Luhansk ) . ( See the SMM daily report of 19 May 2015 ( //www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/158871 ) .
The SMM attempted to escort an OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights ( ODIHR ) delegation to Donetsk from Dnepropetrovsk . However , while en route near Slavyanka ( government-controlled , 123km east of Dnepropetrovsk ) , the ODIHR delegation received a phone call from “ DPR spokesperson ” Denis Pushilin and were advised the “ DPR ” would not allow them to come to Donetsk . The ODIHR delegation then travelled to Kramatorsk with the SMM .
The SMM continued to monitor the situation in Kharkiv , Odessa , Kherson , Chernivtsi , Ivano-Frankivsk , and Lviv .
* Restrictions on SMM access and freedom of movement :
The SMM is restrained in fulfilling its monitoring functions by restrictions imposed by third parties and security considerations including the lack of information on whereabouts of landmines .
The security situation in Donbas is fluid and unpredictable and the ceasefire does not hold everywhere .
The SMM was stopped by two Ukrainian Armed Forces soldiers approximately 400m from a UAF military position near Luhanske village ( government-controlled , 58km north-east of Donetsk ) . Access to part of the village was denied on the grounds that it was a restricted military area .
The SMM dispatched a patrol to a heavy weapon holding area previously monitored by the SMM . The Ukrainian Armed Forces Commander did not allow access to the site on the grounds that an appointment was necessary .
The SMM visited a “ DPR ” shooting range near Ternove ( “ DPR ” -controlled , 163km north-east of Donetsk ) and spoke to the personnel at the location . The SMM was informed that the SMM would not be able to observe the heavy weapons for security reasons .
[ 1 ] For a complete breakdown of ceasefire violations , please see the annexed table .
`` Navajo Wedding , '' by Mike Larsen , circa 1980 . ( National Museum of the American Indian ) .
( CNSNews.com ) -- Tribal laws of the two largest Native American tribes in the United States prohibit gay marriage , as do the laws of nine other smaller tribes .
The Navajo and Cherokee Nations , the first and second largest tribes respectively , together have about 600,000 members . The nine smaller tribes that ban gay marriage have another 350,000 members . These tribes all either define marriage as between a man and a woman or explicitly prohibit same-sex marriage , according to the Associated Press ( AP ) .
Since 2011 , six of the eleven tribes revisited and upheld their preexisting legal definitions of marriage as between a man and a woman , AP researchers found .
Due to their status as sovereign nations , these 11 tribes will not need to change their marriage laws , which govern nearly one million tribal members , even if the Supreme Court legalizes gay marriage later this month .
If the court 's Obergefell v. Hodges ruling determines that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry , Native American bans on gay marriage will remain in effect because federally-recognized tribes have the right to establish their own laws and are not subject to the U.S. Constitution .
For example , the Cherokee Nation Marriage and Family Protection Act of 2004 defines marriage as “ a civil contract between one man and one woman ” and states that “ no marriage shall be contracted ... between parties of the same gender . ”
Title 6 of Chickasaw tribal law states that “ a marriage between persons of the same gender performed in any jurisdiction shall not be recognized as valid and binding in the Chickasaw Nation. ” However , the law notes that it does not prohibit “ members of the same sex from entering written contracts ” with one another .
According to the gay-rights advocacy group Freedom to Marry , at least ten Native American tribes do permit gay marriage . However , this list does not include any of the ten largest tribes according to 2010 U.S. Census Bureau data .
Of the tribes that do recognize same-sex marriage , some have made changes to their marriage laws to include recognition of same-sex couples , while others have adhered to a preexisting policy that tribal marriages be governed by the surrounding state 's marriage laws .
Many other tribes remain neutral , AP reports , neither taking steps to officially recognize gay marriage nor changing the wording of their marriage laws to include or preclude recognition of same-sex couples .
However , the legal language for some of these neutral tribes makes reference to heterosexual couples by use of such phrases as “ husband and wife , ” “ a man and a woman , ” and “ unmarried male and ... unmarried female . ”
For example , the Northern Cheyenne Uniform Marriage and Divorce Act defines marriage as “ a personal relationship between a man and a woman arising out of a civil contract to which the consent of the parties is essential , ” in which spouses “ take each other as husband and wife . ”
To date , such laws have not been applied to same-sex couples .
CNSNews.com contacted The Human Rights Campaign , the nation 's largest LGBT advocacy group , for a comment , but the group did not respond .
Get ready for `` Gay For Play '' and the sketch-comedy series `` Gay Skit Happens , '' coming to Logo .
RuPaul Channels Their Inner Game Show Host For New Logo Series
We 've gotten to know and love RuPaul as supermodel of the world and mentor to dozens of drag superstars , but are we ready to see Ru channel their inner Bob Barker ?
Logo has just announced Gay For Play Game Show Starring RuPaul , a new pop-culture trivia show coming later this year .
In the show , a panel of six celebrities help two contestants answer questions to win cash and prizes .
If you like “ Snatch Game , ” you 're gon na gag on Gay for Play .
Celebrating 10 consecutive quarters of ratings growth , Logo has also announced the debut of the new sketch-comedy series Gay Skit Happens on Monday , February 8 at 10pm .
Daniel Franzese/Rachel Madison Hill
Daniel Franzese ( Looking , Mean Girls , Recovery Road ) hosts the inaugural Valentine 's Day edition of GSH , which explores love , dating , relationships and sex in the age of social media .
He 's joined by comedy stars Brian Jordan Alvarez , Tara DiFrancisco , Julie Goldman , Stephen Guarino , Ken Kirby , Lyric Lewis , Courtney Pauroso and Bill Posley—along with a special appearance by Superfruit .
Vivica A . Fox ( Kill Bill , Empire , Independence Day : Resurgence ) will also appear as a host later this year .
Want more ? How about the RuPaul 's Drag Race Season 8 and the GLAAD Media Awards , both coming in Spring 2016 ? Or the return of Cocktails & Classics and RuPaul 's All Stars Drag Race ?
Stay tuned to Logo for all this and much more . Come through , 2016 !
Info
Ogre Plays Games Ogre Plays Games has a very simple philosophy . Everyone can play games . Everyone should play more games . Everyone should play more games than just D & D & Pathfinder . The format is a “ Let 's Play ” podcast with more of a radio play focus . Along side the actual playing of the game , rules will be discussed and character creation gone over in depth . Also to heighten the atmosphere , sound effects and music are added to make the game feel more alive while listening . This is why we release every two weeks . We record multi-channel so this process is quite time consuming . The podcast involves performers of various skills and experiences playing a pen and paper role playing game for you , the audience . Three-Four players will create detailed characters for the game world and act out what their characters say and do to create a fun and entertaining story together . The podcast is hosted by “ The Ogre ” Matthew Seagle who GMs or moderates the game . The rest of our team is Rees Haynes performer , editor , and producer , Gregory Milne performer , co-producer and host of the “ Ogre Talks Games ” recap show . Chris Mataei sound engineer and editor , Erik Donely performer and social media , Natalie Bosco lead artist and social media , and Trina Forrest website , social media , and all round supportive spouse .
Facebook
Twitter
Email
RSS Feed
Subscribe in Apple Podcasts
By
My sister is about to become the proud owner of a Golden Retriever puppy after much research and consideration about the pedigree line , temperament of the parent dogs and their own observation . Thinking of the season we 're coming into , I teased them the other day when we were speaking on the phone , about “ a dog being for life , not just for Christmas . ”
The next day I was at a friend 's house where there has been an old Epiphone acoustic guitar stuck in the corner of the room untouched , collecting dust for years . I remember picking it up myself a while ago and giving it a tune , which after many years of neglect was a bit of a challenge . The strings were oxidised and rusty and did n't really want to have their tensions changed after such a long time . I do n't think the instrument has been touched again since then . It set me thinking about the amount of guitars that , perhaps also after people 's research and deliberation , will be bought at this time of year as presents and how many of them will face the same fate .
It 's a real shame that too many people , either children or adults who enthusiastically take charge of their new guitar , eventually end up just leaving it neglected in the corner of a room . Some , I guess , at least get to appreciate the aesthetic value by hanging it on a wall , but I 'm not sure the intention of the maker of any guitar is for it to spend its life as an ornament .
I thought to myself , “ yep , owning and playing a guitar should also be for life and not just for Christmas . ”
The thing is , even if someone 's ambitions as a guitarist are not too high , it 's such a versatile instrument which is fun to play , and with a bit of practice and perseverance gives so much enjoyment to yourself and others . Since I was in my mid-teens , I 've carried a guitar with me to such places as remote mountain lodges where it 's provided the evening entertainment for a youth group holiday , or in my adult life I 've carried a guitar with me to many places around the world . In recent years I 've had the privilege of regularly visiting and working in some fairly remote places in Africa . The guitar ( and being able to play it ) has been a great help in breaking down cultural and language divides and beginning to connect with others . That 's part of the power of music . Being able to pick up a guitar and play a few songs can be a brilliant way to build bridges and connect with people .
So even if you or the person you 're buying a guitar for are not intending to be making a living by becoming the next “ amazing guitarist , ” with a bit of effort and encouragement it could and should become a companion for life . It can give hours of fun and pleasure , both to yourself and even an audience , however impromptu and informal . Invest time and perhaps take some lessons and you may even find yourself playing in a band and having the most fun time of your life . Making music with others is one of the great buzzes in life . Have you noticed the growing number of people singing in choirs in recent years ? That 's because they discover the very special experience of making music with other people and the voice is the most immediate instrument available to us all .
A guitar is perhaps one of the best and most versatile instruments with which to accompany yourself and others to sing . Being able to play it and to use it to bring pleasure to others too is a great gift to have . So do n't let the initial enthusiasm just drain away . Keep playing , care for your guitar , get past the phase of having sore fingers and commit yourself to a lifetime of pleasure in owning and playing it ( and perhaps once you really get going , other guitars too ) .
So then , it 's not just puppy dogs , but also :
A guitar is for life , not just for Christmas !
For information on guitar lessons , see our recommendations .
Hosted by Bryant Gumbel , the two-hour event will take viewers inside an awake deep brain stimulation surgery via handheld and robotic cameras in the operating room .
National Geographic Channel is going where U.S. television has never been before .
The network will air the first-ever live brain surgery later this month , The Hollywood Reporter has learned .
The two-hour event , titled Brain Surgery Live with Mental Floss , will give viewers an up-close look at an awake deep brain stimulation surgery . Filming will take place via two handheld cameras well as several robotic cameras with inputs directly in the doctors ' surgical equipment , allowing viewers to see live images as the brain is being operated on in real time . The special will mix live coverage from the operating room at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland , Ohio with pre-produced informative packages on the brain .
Used to treat essential tremor and Parkinson 's disease , DBS surgery is an elective procedure in which an opening is made in the skull to access the brain . The patient is fully awake and able to speak while the brain is being operated on , which allows neurologists to know if they 've pinpointed the affected area of the brain . Because of the delicacy of the procedure , it is only performed at select medical centers such as UH Case Medical Center , which helped to develop the surgical theater 3D surgical simulator that is used to map out the surgery and will be featured in the broadcast .
Bryant Gumbel will host Brain Surgery Live with commentary from neurosurgeon Dr. Rahul Jandial and neuroscientist and podcast host Cara Santa Maria . The event will air on Sunday , Oct. 25 on the National Geographic Channel and Nat Geo Mundo and in 171 countries and 45 different languages . The show will be broadcast live on both the East Coast ( 9 p.m . ET ) and West Coast ( 6 p.m. PT ) , and in countries including the United Kingdom , Latin America , France , Germany , Turkey , Australia and select parts of Asia . Other regions will air live to tape .
Emmy-winning director Joe Michaels ( the Today show ) and veteran news producer Robert Wheelock ( Good Morning America ) will helm the live broadcast , which is being produced by Leftfield Pictures . Wheelock will executive produce with Leftfield Pictures ' Brent Montgomery , David George , Shawn Witt , Gretchen Palek and Scott Miller , Mental Floss ' Will Pearson and Mangesh Hattikudur , and National Geographic Channels ' Char Serwa and Mike J. Miller .
`` We continue to celebrate the brain , inspiring and feeding viewers ' wonder and curiosity about the most complex and mysterious organ in the human body , '' said Tim Pastore , National Geographic Channel president of original programming and production , in a statement . `` We 're offering a real-time look into the center of a living brain that we hope will illuminate and teach , as well as tell a story that is unforgettable . ''
Added George : `` It 's extremely gratifying to offer National Geographic viewers around the world the chance to share in a life-changing medical experience , as it is happening , to highlight the extraordinary talent and commitment of a renowned medical team and institution , and to illuminate the wonders and complexities of the human brain . ''
The neurosurgerical team will include Dr. Jonathan Miller , UH Case Medical Center 's director of the Center for Functional and Restorative Neurosurgery ; Dr. Benjamin Walter , director of the Parkinson 's & Movement Disorders Center and medical director of UH Case Medical Center 's Deep Brain Stimulation Program ; and neurosurgeon Dr. Jennifer Sweet . The patient will be identified closer to the live taping after undergoing extensive screening and testing .
`` By partnering with National Geographic and Mental Floss , two incredible brands with a passion for exploring science , we hope to demystify brain surgery , diminishing the fear and stigma of this operation , '' said Miller . `` We hope that this live broadcast of a deep brain stimulation surgery will educate viewers and offer a comprehensive look at this cutting-edge surgery . ''
The event is one part of National Geographic Channel 's aggressive original programming push , which increasingly will focus on high-end fare . The network also has the upcoming anthology series Breakthrough , which hails from Imagine Entertainment 's Ron Howard and Brian Grazer and focuses on subjects including brain science . More recently , the network picked up a second season of the climate change docuseries Years of Living Dangerously . Nat Geo is moving further into new territories like late-night ( Neil deGrasse Tyson 's StarTalk ) and scripted programming ( the period miniseries Saints & Strangers ) as well .
Brain Surgery Live with Mental Floss premieres live on Sunday , Oct. 25 at 6 p.m. PT/9 p.m . ET on National Geographic Channel .
Jupiter 's deep interior appears to be as strange and otherworldly as the gas giant 's storm-studded exterior , new observations by NASA 's Juno spacecraft suggest .
Scientists have generally thought that Jupiter either harbors a relatively compact core 1 to 10 times as massive as Earth or no core at all , said Juno principal investigator Scott Bolton , who 's based at the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio .
But neither of these hypotheses fits with the gravity data collected so far by Juno , which has been orbiting Jupiter since July 2016 .
`` There seems to be a fuzzy core , and it may be much larger than anybody had anticipated , '' Bolton said Thursday ( May 25 ) during a NASA press conference announcing the first detailed science results from Juno 's mission .
This core may even be partially dissolved , Bolton said , adding that Juno 's initial observations are also consistent with `` some deep motions or zonal winds '' occurring far beneath the enormous planet 's cloud tops .
Diagram of Jupiter 's possible interior structure . Observations by NASA 's Jupiter-orbiting Juno spacecraft are already helping to flesh out this picture ; Juno 's gravity data suggest , for example , that Jupiter may have a surprisingly large , partially dissolved core , mission team members have said . ( Image : © NASA/JPL-Caltech/SwRI )
Identifying and characterizing Jupiter 's core is a key goal of Juno 's $ 1.1 billion mission , which seeks to better understand how the gas giant formed and evolved . Learning about Jupiter 's history should yield insights about planet formation and solar-system evolution in general , mission team members have said .
Juno uses its eight science instruments to study Jupiter 's structure , composition and gravitational and magnetic fields . The probe collects most of its information during close flybys over the gas giant 's poles , which occur once every 53.5 days . ( Juno orbits Jupiter on a highly elliptical path . )
This image of Jupiter 's South Pole was created by a citizen scientist using data from NASA 's Juno spacecraft . ( Image : © NASA/JPL-Caltech/SwRI/MSSS/Gabriel Fiset )
Juno has completed just five of these data-gathering `` perijove '' passes to date , so mission scientists still have a lot to learn about Jupiter 's core and other characteristics . But they 've already been able to determine quite a bit — that Jupiter 's weird , bluish poles are very different from the gas giant 's belted midsection , for example , and that the mechanisms powering auroras on Earth and on Jupiter are not identical .
`` The general theme of our discoveries is really how different Jupiter looks from what we expected , '' Bolton said .
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @ michaeldwall and Google+ . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . Originally published on Space.com .
H ere 's a look into the different promos you can get by taking part in events at your local game store .
Prerelease
Stores will be running the Journey into Nyx Prerelease on April 26 , 2014 , through April 27 , 2014 . Do n't forget to mark your calendars for the Seventh quest on the Hero 's Path !
Here are the five promos you can play with , depending on which path you choose for this quest of the Hero 's Path , as well as the base Hero card inside each Prerelease Pack . We 'll explain more in the coming weeks !
Forged in Glory Forged in Intellect Forged in Tyranny Forged in War Forged in Pursuit
Launch
On May 2 , 2014 , the eighth quest of the Hero 's Path will take place at the Launch FNM for Journey into Nyx . Here is the promo you 'll get for participating in the event ( on top of any normal FNM promo you might receive .
And then you 'll be able to earn the eighth hero card for the Hero 's Path :
Game Day
The week after Pro Tour Journey into Nyx you 'll hit your store on May 24-25 , 2014 , for the final quest of the Hero 's Path as you play in a Standard tournament for the Journey into Nyx Game Day !
If you are in the Top 8 of the event you 'll earn this promo :
In addition , the 1st-place winner of Journey into Nyx Game Day will receive an exclusive Playmat .
Defeat a God
At Game Day be sure to bring the Hero Cards you 've earned while traveling the Hero 's Path to help you triumph over the Defeat a God Challenge Deck at Journey into Nyx Game Day . This special deck is a challenge you can take on during Game Day , between rounds , or at your convenience . It 's not a part of the tournament , but you 'll want to defeat Xenagos to earn the ninth and final Hero Card on the Hero 's Path .
You can use up to three Hero Cards to help you Defeat a God . To learn more about the Hero 's Path , visit MTGHerosPath.com .
Buy a Box
Lastly , we have this beautiful Eidolon of Blossoms promo which stores will be able to provide to a small number of their customers . The distribution is up to them , so ask your local store if you 're interested in it :
When Eagles fans head to Madison Square Garden for the show tonight , they will get a little visit from the Boss . No , not Bruce Springsteen , but from Jim Dolan , the 59-year-old billionaire who booked their band to open for the classic rockers when they play the venue they own .
The history of rock and roll is filled with stories of the downtrodden — the dockworkers that populate Bon Jovi songs , Springsteen 's hard luck cases and Mellencamp 's little ditties about American kids doing the best they can . The 1 % has Dolan and their band , JD & The Straight Shot , to fill the void in the musical market and the iPods of the upper crust with bluesy tunes like “ Governor 's Song ” about the taxation rate and “ Fall From Grace ” about the schadenfreude of watching a governor felled by a scandal .
This month , Dolan , the president and chief executive of Cablevision and the owner of the New York Knicks and the New York Rangers , is living out their musical dream . Their band will release their first album , Where I 've Been , and to celebrate , they booked the band a gig —opening for the Eagles at the little venue they own , Madison Square Garden . “ I always said I was n't going to do it , ” Dolan told the New York Times of playing the Garden for the first time , “ but this record made me do it . ”
While Dolan 's checking account may be larger than most musician 's , they do share some of the concerns of the average street busker , especially when it comes to connecting with the audience : “ I worry about the other ways that people know me . I worry that they are n't going to listen to the music , ” they told the New York Post . “ Are they going to look at the music and go , ‘ I do n't like how the Knicks are doing this year ' ? ”
Dolan is n't playing music just for fun or profit , though . “ The artist in me needs to be free , ” Dolan explained . The songs they write may not be to everyone 's taste , but their artistic expression will not be hampered by shareholders ' musical interests . “ I 'm entitled to my opinion . I am not the chairperson , CEO , etc. , standing up there on that stage . I am the singer-songwriter , ” they told the Post .
Years of battling it out with Knicks fans and government officials intent on keeping the Garden in midtown Manhattan , have not inured Dolan to the fear of criticism , though . “ You are definitely putting it out there and making yourself vulnerable and susceptible to criticism , and since it 's so personal , you run the risk of being hurt , ” they said to the Post .
Billionaire musicians are people , too .
Promoting Renewable energy in Maryland
Subodh Mathur Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 5 , 2016
While there are endless debates at the Federal level about climate change , several states have already implemented many measures , and are contemplating further steps . Maryland , where I live , is one of these states .
RGGI
Maryland is an RGGI state . The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) is a cooperative effort by nine Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states to reduce carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions from electricity generating plants . RGGI includes Maryland , Connecticut , Delaware , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York , Rhode Island , and Vermont .
The nine Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic states participating in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) , the nation 's first market-based regulatory program to reduce greenhouse gas ( GHG ) pollution , announced the results of their 28th auction of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) allowances . The June 3rd auction was the second auction of 2015 . 15,507,571 CO2 allowances were sold at the auction at a clearing price of $ 5.50 . Bids for the CO2 allowances ranged from $ 2.05 to $ 12.50 per allowance .
Empower Maryland
Under the “ EmPOWER Maryland ” initiative , the State has worked to reduce energy consumption by 15 percent by 2015 . To help achieve this goal , MEA has encouraged residents to adopt energy saving measures that are most appropriate for their home . In many cases , these measures do not require a large financial investment .
Distributed Generation in Maryland
I am participating in a program financed by the Maryland Energy Administration and the Maryland Power Plant Research Program ( PPRP ) to help develop a Smart Siting Tool , which is based on GIS . The GIS siting tool uses various siting factors to identify regions of the state that are more favorable for power plant development . The PPRP Smart Siting Project is designed to highlight potential areas for development , not specific sites that are suitable or unsuitable for facility development . More information can be viewed through the Smart Siting Online Mapping Tool .
Combined Heat and Power
Apart from solar and wind , the GIS tool also looks at Combined Heat and Power ( CHP ) . Maryland has a rebate program , which is described here . One of the prisons in Maryland has issued a Request for Proposals to develop a CHP facility for the prison .
University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake Medical Center has a new CHP plant .
A new Baltimore casino also has a CHP plant .
Joss Whedon told reporters they still have hope for a second Dollhouse season ( and explained about that post-apocalyptic finale . ) And Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles producers debunked their show 's cancellation rumor . Plus season three details !
Whedon did a group interview last night as part of their Paley Fest appearance , and sounded as though they have n't given up on a second season of their mind-wiped slaves-of-the-rich show :
The chances are ] not very good but in limbo . Obviously our numbers are pretty soft , and there it is , but we live in hope . I 'm really proud of the episodes that are coming out . More than that , I ca n't really ask .
Advertisement
They still hold out hope for renewal . Fingers crossed ! ( Although the ratings numbers , for both Dollhouse and Sarah Connor , do remain pretty discouraging . )
And Whedon explained how the show 's post-apocalyptic thirteenth episode , which stars Felicia Day and wo n't air on Fox , came out . Apparently , both Whedon and Fox agreed that they had fulfilled their order for 13 episodes , counting the unaired pilot and 12 regular episodes . But Fox insisted that they needed a thirteenth episode for overseas distribution , or the season would seem too short . So Whedon said :
I 'll tell you what . I 'll shoot a post-apocalyptic thriller that 's all on our sets in six days with a cast of four other people , then we 'll pepper it with different bits from our regular cast , and we can do it all during the schedule . It 'll cost you half . I can do this . ' And I was so in love with the idea that I just came up with off the top of my head , and that 's what it turned into . It 's one of the best episodes we 've ever made
Advertisement
And Day told Sci Fi Wire they play `` a post-apocalyptic fighter girl '' and hinted the episode takes place on the Dollhouse 's regular sets .
Meanwhile , Sarah Connor Chronicles writer Ashley Edward Miller Twittered that we should n't take Entertainment Weekly 's Michael Ausiello too seriously when they claim the show is already canceled , since they said the same thing before season two , and midway through season two :
Time for Ausiello 's semi-annual SCC termination report . False again . ( Remember `` sets were destroyed '' report ? Now you know context , people ) .
Advertisement
( For the record , Sarah Connor Chronicles has no standing sets , as anybody who 's watched the show can attest . ) For their part , showrunner Josh Friedman settled for Twittering :
Waiting for Michael Ausiello to tell me what I 'm supposed to do now with my career .
Advertisement
So what would happen if Sarah Connor Chronicles gets a third season ? Actor Brian Austin Green spilled a few details to Comic Book Resources , and it sounds fantastic :
The third season is going to be incredible , if it happens . There were no intentions of this being a series finale . It was absolutely a season finale . There 's a plan where this can go and it 's so good .... You have this episode where John Connor travels to a future where John Connor never existed . I do n't know if people completely get it because we work on a string theory , which we 've dealt with during the season . We dealt with that with Jessie , in the future that they came from there was Charles Fisher , who tortured everyone . In the future I came from , they never existed . I do n't remember him . We were still together within these parallel futures but they were still different and they still had their own paths . This is the same concept . For John Connor to travel to a future where they never existed , where Kyle Reese never left , where Derek and Kyle are still fighting side by side , where Allison ( the human Cameron was based on ) is still very much present , what becomes of John ? What better situation for somebody to grow up in and become the future leader than that ? Than to be fighting in what he 's been trying to prevent ? Not just being the top dog , being listened to for everything , but having to actually listen and follow .
Advertisement
And they clarified that , despite that crackle of lightning at the end , Sarah Connor did stay behind in the present . And John Connor themselves may have sent Catherine Weaver back in time to create an alternative to Skynet . They also talk about Derek 's undramatic death scene , and how the producers always planned to bring them back in the alternate future . It sounds like if we get a third Sarah Connor season , Derek will be back full time .
Homosexuals in Africa are actively persecuted , but a landmark ruling by a Botswana court has recognised a transgender woman as officially female . Picture : Reuters/Andrea Comas
Johannesburg – Homosexuals in Africa receive little tolerance at best and are actively persecuted at worst , but a landmark ruling by a Botswana court has recognised a transgender woman as officially female , Reuters reports . Tshepo Ricki Kgositau , the executive director of South African-based Gender Dynamix , an organisation that advocates for the human rights of transgender and gender-variant people , had sued Botswana for refusing to change the gender on their identity document from male to female
Botswana , a conservative southern African nation of 2 million people , has been reluctant to fully acknowledge the rights of the country 's Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender ( LGBT ) community .
So when Justice Leatile Dambe on Tuesday ordered that Kgositau 's gender be changed to female in the national registry within seven days , a major victory was achieved by the LGBT community .
Kgositau had argued before the court that since an early age they had identified as a woman and that the male identity on their document was causing their emotional distress and increased their vulnerability to abuse and violence .
This argument was supported by evidence from their family in addition to psychological and medical evidence to the effect that their “ innate gender identity is , and has since an early age , always been female and that their family has embraced them and loved them as a woman ” .
A previous government ban on a gay rights lobbying group was overturned by a judge in 2014 . However , the judge emphasised that it was still illegal to engage in homosexual acts .
African News Agency
The Pan Am Games Torch Relay comes to town this weekend . Here 's where you can catch it on Sunday and Monday :
Mount Hope : The torch will make an appearance at 9 a.m. at the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum , carried by 100-year-old WWII veteran Alex Cherney . Games mascot Pachi promises to teach kids their favourite dance , `` the wiggle . ''
Puddicombe Farms , Winona : The torch will arrive at 10:45 a.m. and then be carried by CHML personality Ted Michaels .
Cenotaph Park , Stoney Creek : Activities run from 10:30 a.m. to noon , and the torch arrives at Cenotaph Park at 11:35 a.m. Torchbearer Lloyd Turner will carry the torch from this stop . Coaches from Run Jump Throw Wheel will lead a series of track-and-field games .
Gage Park : The torch will arrive at the National Aboriginal Day Soaring Spirit Festival at 1:15 p.m. , carried by lacrosse player Johnny Powless .
Convoy : The torch will be convoyed across the Mountain on the Red Hill Valley Parkway and the Linc between 2:20 p.m. and 2:50 p.m. as it travels toward Ancaster . You can watch from the overpass sidewalks .
Ancaster : Activities will run from 1:30 p.m. to 4 p.m. , and the torch will arrive carried by Alex Parent just after 3 p.m. at Ancaster Old Town Hall . Prizes for Pan Am spirit wear .
McMaster Children 's Hospital : The torch will be received by Adrian Strassburger at 3:30 p.m. in the hospital lobby . A 30-minute kids program is scheduled , before the torch is passed off to Susan Palmer-Komar to cycle with it to Dundas .
Dundas : Soccer demonstrations and a BBQ run from 3 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Grafton Square in Dundas , where the torch will arrive just before 4:30 p.m .
Waterdown : Music and activities are scheduled from 3:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. at the American House at Mill St. and Hwy 5 . The torch is expected to arrive , carried by Esther Pauls , at 5:15 p.m .
Royal Botanical Gardens : The torch goes next to the RBG , arriving around 5:30 p.m. Free admission after 5 p.m. for the torch relay .
Gore Park : Official unveiling of the Pan Am Art Explosion at 5:45 p.m. Lacey Mehlenbacher will bring in the Pan Am flame to the downtown park just before 6:30 p.m. , and she 'll pass it to Matt Becker .
​Pier 8 : The flame will arrive at 7 p.m. , carried by former McMaster chancellor Mel Hawkrigg , who will light the community cauldron using the torch . There will also be water and boat shows , including a floatilla from the Hamilton Port Authority .
Monday , June 22
Pan Am soccer stadium : The Relay Torch will depart Hamilton Monday morning from CIBC Hamilton Pan Am Soccer Stadium .
Find out more about the route and the torchbearers on the city 's website . Sunday is Day 22 and Monday is Day 23 of the torch relay , which will conclude July 10 with the lighting of the cauldron at the Opening Ceremony for the games in downtown Toronto .
You can find more information on the Pan Am Games torch relay website or by following the torch 's progress on Twitter .
Alabama state Rep. Mary Sue McClurkin ( R ) is pushing legislation that would impose restrictions on abortion clinics -- a move that they argue is necessary because the procedure is a major surgery that removes the largest `` organ '' in a woman 's body .
“ When a physician removes a child from a woman , that is the largest organ in a body , ” McClurkin told the Montgomery Advertiser on Thursday . “ That 's a big thing . That 's a big surgery . You do n't have any other organs in your body that are bigger than that . ”
A `` child '' is not a bodily `` organ . '' Indeed , children have organs of their own . The largest human organ is actually the skin . According to National Geographic , adults carry about eight pounds of skin , which is slightly above the average weight of a newborn baby .
McClurkin 's argument actually undermines the `` personhood '' bills being pushed around the country by other like-minded Republican lawmakers . Those pieces of legislation argue that undeveloped zygotes are people too and should therefore be given full legal rights , thus making abortion -- and even certain forms of birth control -- illegal .
McClurkin 's bill would impose stringent requirements on abortion clinics that could make it hard for them to keep their doors open . It would , according to the Montgomery Advertiser , `` require physicians at abortion clinics to have admitting privileges at local hospitals ; require clinics to follow ambulatory clinic building codes and make it a felony -- punishable by up to 10 years in prison -- for a nurse , nurse practitioner or physician 's assistant to dispense abortion-inducing medications . ''
There are five remaining abortion clinics in the state of Alabama . McClurkin and their allies have argued that the bill is not meant to stop abortions , but rather to make sure that patients who do undergo the procedure are kept safe .
Opponents , however , note that studies have shown that abortion is already safe , and McClurkin 's bill would likely shut down clinics .
`` The real purpose of this bill is to make safe and legal abortion in Alabama unavailable under any circumstance , '' Nikema Williams , vice president of public policy for Planned Parenthood Southeast , told the Montgomery Advertiser .
Hospitals , for example , are n't required to extend admitting privileges to doctors at abortion clinics , which would make it impossible for those doctors to comply with the bill 's restrictions . According to Williams , Mississippi physicians were rejected at seven hospitals .
I have a feeling some college football fans will be calling in sick on Friday , because we 've got not one but TWO games on Thursday night . Oregon-Stanford should be a fantastic game , but I thought it was time to show some love to the Big XII .
When Baylor Has The Ball
The Bears ' stats this season are eye-popping . First in the nation in points per game ( 63.9 ) , first in the nation in passing yards per game ( 417.3 ) , seventh in rushing yards per game ( 301.1 ) , and sixth in points allowed ( 15.9 ) . Junior quarterback Bryce Petty is completing just over 69 % of their passing , and has thrown 18 TDs with just one INT . Why they are n't getting more Heisman buzz is beyond me . Petty has TWO receivers with over 800 yards and eight TDs apiece in Antwan Goodley and Tevin Reese , and another four with at least 200 yards and a TD . The ground game is equally impressive , with Lache Seastrunk rushing for 869 yards and 11 TDs , followed by Shock Linwood ( 443 yards , seven TDs ) and Glasco Martin ( 306 yards , five TDs ) . Even Petty gets in on the rushing action , with six rushing TDs .
Oklahoma is allowing 18.8 points per game , so something 's got to give . They also rank ninth nationally in passing yards allowed , and 27th in rushing defense . What I said last week about Florida State applies to Baylor as well- it 's a pick-your-poison situation for defenses . If they spread the receivers out wide , you can cover them , but with fewer men in the box , you 're staking a chance of getting gashed up the middle by Seastrunk . There are two things Oklahoma absolutely has to do to have a chance in this game : number one , they need to win the turnover battle . Baylor has too many weapons on offense to let them get extra possessions , and taking some possessions away from them will be helpful . Number two , the Sooners need to get Baylor off the field on third downs . If your defense gets tired , the Bears will make you pay .
When Oklahoma Has The Ball
Jalen Saunders has emerged as the leading receiver , in their second season with Oklahoma after transferring from Fresno State . Saunders and Sterling Shepard lead the team with 431 and 391 yards respectively , and five TDs each . Blake Bell , AKA the Belldozer , has been at the helm since replacing Trevor Knight early in the season . Bell has thrown for 1,348 yards , 10 TDs , and 3 INTs in that time , completing a healthy 63.8 % of their passes . Bell has also rushed for 245 yards , although surprisingly they do n't have any rushing TDs . Brennan Clay and Damien Williams have combined for 950 yards and eight of the Sooners ' 11 TDs on the ground .
Baylor 's offense gets most of the love , but their defense is n't too shabby either . They 've allowed opponents just 1,241 yards passing ( sixth-best in the country ) and seven passing TDs . On the ground , the Bears are allowing an average of 138.7 yards per game and have allowed six rushing TDs . Against Oklahoma , their top priority has to be stopping the run . In short-yardage situations , that will probably include containing the 6 ' 6″ , 252-pound Bell . Sacking a guy that big is obviously not going to be easy , but that does n't mean the Bears can afford to give them time to set and make throws . Tight coverage on Saunders and Shepard will be important .
Prediction :
It 's tempting to look at Baylor 's 7-0 record and gaudy numbers and ask , “ Yeah , but who have they played ? ” The answer is , admittedly , an FCS team , two non-AQ FBS teams , and four of the weaker teams in the Big XII . I do n't think the Bears will put up 60 on Oklahoma , but they 're clicking on all cylinders right now , and I think they 'll do enough to win . Baylor 40 , Oklahoma 24
Thanks for Reading . You can follow me @ LastwordLindsay and fellow LWOS writers @ BrittneeTaylor , @ MikeTag98 and @ GigemRoss on Twitter for your NCAA Football needs , and follow the site @ lastwordonsport and like our Facebook Page while you are at it .
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports ? If so , check out our “ Join Our Team ” page to find out how .
Football fans…check out our two partnered NFL podcasts – Thursday Night Tailgate Radio and Overtime Ireland . Both shows bring you interesting commentary , critical analysis and fantastic guests including former and current NFL players , coaches and personalities .
Spike Chunsoft has released new details and footage of New Danganronpa V3 : Everyone 's New Semester of Killing , detailing characters Kiibo , Gonta , Shuuichi , Tsumugi , and Monosuke , as well as new class trial elements and the Nagito Komaeda-focused Super Danganronpa 2.5 anime included with the limited edition . We 've also included story details from last week 's issue of Weekly Famitsu .
Get the details below .
■ Story
In this world , the government is implementing a special encouragement system called the “ Gifted System , ” by which various privileges are granted , and there are students with “ Super High School Level ” titles who have great promise for the future . Kaede Akamatsu , the “ Super High School Level Pianist , ” is one of those students .
The students with Super High School Level talents were scattered about the country , and never gathered in one place , but one day , 16 Super High School Level students , including Kaede , were imprisoned in the “ Academy for Gifted Prisoners . ”
The self-proclaimed principal of the Academy for Gifted Prisoners is a mysterious stuffed toy called “ Monokuma , ” and the academy 's administrators are its children , the “ Monokumas. ” According to Monokuma , this school is a place where the extremely talented compete in a mutual killing game .
Monokuma informs the students of their insane rules : In the event that a murder occurs , a class trial will be held to debate “ Who is the Blackened ? ” In the event that the correct answer is achieved , only the Blacked will be punished . In the event that the wrong answer is the result , only the Blackened will survive and the remaining Spotless will be punished .
The academy is surrounded by a huge wall and is impossible to escape . In order to leave this place , as Monokuma said , mutual killing is the only answer— .
In order to stop the mutual killing , and in order to protect someone , the curtain lifts on a class trial where both “ lies ” and “ truth ” are prevalent .
■ Characters
Kiibo ( voiced by Tetsuya Kakihara ) – Ultimate Robot
A robot equipped with high-level learning function “ Growth AI. ” Kiibo knew nothing at the start when they were created , but their creator Dr. Idabashi raised them like their own child and let them attend high school . Therefore , although they are a robot , they are certified for as a Super High School Level student . They have a serious personality and speaks respectfully , but opts to beat-up anyone who makes discriminatory or prejudicial remarks against robots . Very much like a robot , their robotic speech sometimes estranges people in conversation , and they are teased about this by Oma . They have a built-in audio recorder .
Gonta Gokuhara ( voiced by Shunsuke Takeuchi ) – Ultimate Entomologist
Young Gonta , obsessed with looking for bugs , got lost in the forest . It would take the young boy 10 years to return safely to the side of their parents , but during that time they were raised by a kind-hearted family of wolves and became able to talk to animals and insects . Just as they say they are— “ In order to return the favor of raising me , I am aiming to be a real gentleman ” —he is a very gentlemanly person . However , because their early childhood was spent in the forest , they had an insufficient education and as a result often does not mesh well when conversing with other students . Their outward appearance is that of one who possesses superhuman strength , but as they say , “ I 've never killed even a bug . ”
Shuuichi Saihara ( voiced by Megumi Hayashibara ) – Ultimate Detective
A young detective apprentice who assists their uncle in running their detective agency . Most requests that come in to their uncle 's office are small jobs related to things like extra-marital affairs , but they once solved a murder case before the police . It was decided that they would be certified as the Super High School Level Detective . They solved the murder case by chance , so they do n't think they deserve to be in among Super High School Level students . Because of that their timid manner of speech stands out , but their insight and ability to take action open 's people eyes wide in amazement .
Tsumugi Shirogane ( voiced by Mikako Komatsu ) – Ultimate Cosplayer
A cosplayer who is so popular they receive corporate sponsors . More than wearing costumes , they like to make them , but more than they love their work they hate cosplayers who try to use them to make themselves stand out , so naturally they carry out their work as a cosplayer . They are a quiet and kind honor student , but they talk fiercely about the work and cosplay they love . Also , when they are deep in thought , no matter how much anyone tries to speak to them they will act as if they are ignoring them . In conversation , they have a habit of quoting lines from their own work .
Monosuke ( voiced by Koichi Yamadera ) – Monokumas
One of the Monokumas . Speaks in a Kansai dialect . They are the most composed among the Monokumas and plays the role of the straight man , if one were pushed to say . Nonetheless , they are not quiet , undefeated even by Monokid when it comes to foulmouthedness . They show a positive attitude even during disputes among the Monokumas , saying things like , “ These Monokumas sure give off negative vibes . ”
■ Class Trial Mini-Games
Scrum Debates
Scrum Debates are triggered when the opinions of those participating in the class trial splits into two . In order to discuss different topics , the characters of each side do not engage in debate as normal . As the characters of the opposing side each take turns speaking , you 'll match each other 's topics by figuring out their topics and having a character on your own side with the same topic speak . The main objective of a Scrum Debate is to match all the topics while the opponent 's side goes around .
During a Scrum Debate , the lower part of the screen features “ Topic Keywords ” from both sides . You 'll know all of your own side 's Topic Keywords from the beginning , but since the opposing side 's are hidden , you 'll need to read into the opposing side 's remarks to figure out which character is talking about which topic .
Theoretical Arms
This is triggered when a frenzied opponent , armed with their own theory , refuses to listen to the opinions of others . This one-versus-one debate is called “ Theoretical Arms. ” In a Theoretical Arms debate , you can damage the opponent 's theory by shooting at their or their remarks while matching the rhythm .
■ Super Danganronpa 2.5 : Nagito Komaeda and the Destroyer of the World
Story
Nagito Komaeda is an ordinary young man who attends an ordinary school . He 's not comfortable being the protagonist of the story and feels that special abilities just get in the way of one 's happiness .
As they observe their classmates going about their ordinary teenager lives , he 's so convinced that a moderate lifestyle will lead to moderate happiness that they make an impassioned speech to Fuyuhiko Kuzuryuu , who is in the same year as him .
But then one day , a boy calling themselves “ Destroyer of the World ” appears and begins tearing Komaeda 's world apart .
Timeline
This is the chronological order of the Danganronpa series , to illustrate where Super Danganronpa 2.5 : Nagito Komaeda and the Destroyer of the World falls in the timeline :
Deep Mind has just announced AlphaGo Zero , an evolution of AlphaGo , the first computer program to defeat a world champion at the ancient Chinese game of Go . Zero is even more powerful and is now arguably the strongest Go player in history , according to the company .
While previous versions of AlphaGo initially trained on thousands of human amateur and professional games to learn how to play Go , AlphaGo Zero skips this step . It learns to play from scratch , simply by playing games against itself , starting from completely random play .
It surpassed Alpha Lee in 3 days , then surpassed human level of play , defeating the previously published champion-defeating version of AlphaGo by 100 games to 0 in just 40 days .
The achievement is described in the journal Nature today ( Oct. 18 , 2017 )
DeepMind | AlphaGo Zero : Starting from scratch
Abstract of Mastering the game of Go without human knowledge
A long-standing goal of artificial intelligence is an algorithm that learns , tabula rasa , superhuman proficiency in challenging domains . Recently , AlphaGo became the first program to defeat a world champion in the game of Go . The tree search in AlphaGo evaluated positions and selected moves using deep neural networks . These neural networks were trained by supervised learning from human expert moves , and by reinforcement learning from self-play . Here we introduce an algorithm based solely on reinforcement learning , without human data , guidance or domain knowledge beyond game rules . AlphaGo becomes its own teacher : a neural network is trained to predict AlphaGo 's own move selections and also the winner of AlphaGo 's games . This neural network improves the strength of the tree search , resulting in higher quality move selection and stronger self-play in the next iteration . Starting tabula rasa , our new program AlphaGo Zero achieved superhuman performance , winning 100–0 against the previously published , champion-defeating AlphaGo .
The Church of England has taken great risks in its bishops and archbishops through the twentieth century . It has even not been afraid to appoint controversial and untested figures to the most senior position in the Church of England and the Anglican Communion . The best and most inspiring archbishops have usually been the riskiest appointments : think of William Temple , who struggled with their faith in early life , contributed to radical theological documents , but went on to inspire the country during the Second World War as leader and architect of the Welfare State . Or Michael Ramsey , who had virtually no parochial experience but became a trusted and inspirational public intellectual during the 1960s , holding the church together during a time of enormous social change . Although their efforts at ecumenical rapprochement with the Methodists were scuppered by some intransigent Anglo-Catholics , they nevertheless caught the mood of the time , and responded sensitively and undefensively to the liberalisation of marriage law and the legalisation of homosexuality .
Rowan Williams was an equally risky appointment : they became archbishop in 2003 , having never held parochial responsibility and having never been involved in the Church of England 's complex structures of synodical government . Their previous experience as a bishop was in the relatively small and disestablished Church in Wales . After the troubled archiepiscopate of George Carey , where the Church of England took refuge in managerial reforms that set up the deeply unpopular executive body ( the Archbishops ' Council ) and which led to chaos in the Anglican Communion after the bitter divisions following the Lambeth Conference of 1998 , there were high hopes that a man of huge intellect , who had been an Oxford professor , would be able to hold things together and reconcile the divided parties . Throughout their time as archbishop , Williams has engaged in debate with the wider society and is perhaps the most respected public intellectual in the country . They have been able to critique governments , promote changes to multi-cultural and educational policies , and to give prominent and influential lectures and addresses . They have also been able to write at an academic and popular level . It is hard to think that anybody could have done more to boost the intellectual credibility of the church in the public square . Having refused to give simplistic and platitudinous answers to complex issues , they have been criticised by the tabloid press , yet they are consistently listened to by influential policy-makers . Their public stature is at least as high as that of William Temple and Michael Ramsey , which at a time of unprecedentedly low levels of Anglican churchgoing , is impressive indeed .
And yet something similar has not happened in the church . Things are as bad if not worse than they were in 2003 . The issue of women bishops remains unresolved , despite the overwhelming majority of the church being strongly in favour . The thirty-eight provinces of the Anglican Communion are still divided , with a significant number of the Primates of the churches refusing to share communion with one another , and with the efforts to create a kind of shared commitment to Anglican identity with a mechanism for conflict resolution – the Anglican Communion Covenant – in complete disarray after the Church of England 's rejection of the process . Admittedly , Williams got off to a difficult start . Almost immediately after their appointment they had to deal with the American Church appointing Gene Robinson , a ‘ practising ' homosexual , as Bishop of New Hampshire , as well as the Bishop of Oxford nominating Williams ' long-standing friend Jeffrey John , a homosexual in a partnership , as suffragan Bishop of Reading . Because of noisy opposition and threats at home and throughout the Communion , the invitation to John was withdrawn . Williams ' credibility was thereby immediately thrown into question among the significant number of liberal-minded members of the Church of England , who had hoped there might be a move away from George Carey 's conservatism . Williams had , after all , written in support of gay relationships .
But the Church of England has not become noticeably more liberal . This perhaps rests in Williams ' vision of episcopal leadership . They see a bishop as a ‘ stereophonic ' listener , who interprets the tradition to the church and the world , and vice-versa , by careful weighing-up and connecting . What Williams has consistently not done is to force their own views on people , or usually even to give a steer – it is as if the task of the bishop forces personal opinions to go ‘ on hold ' for the duration , and to open themselves up to those of different views . They have seen their role more as a non-executive chairperson of the board , than as managing director . Their concern has consistently been to listen to those with whom they most disagrees and to find ways of holding them in the traditionally big tent of Anglicanism , even at the risk of losing the confidence of those with whom they agree .
This was shown most obviously in 2010 during the discussions over the ordination of women to the episcopate , a development which Williams has long supported . After a lengthy and often acrimonious discussion over many years , some complex legislation was drafted that was able to reach a compromise that respected those opposed as ‘ loyal Anglicans ' by offering ‘ delegated ' pastoral care . However , Williams and John Sentamu , Archbishop of York , sought to amend the proposals by offering far more concessions to opponents , but at the price of creating a parallel church . The rejection of this amendment by the General Synod cast into doubt the two archbishops ' leadership of the church and their understanding of the role of Synod . Even in 2012 the House of Bishops , under the leadership of the Archbishop of Canterbury , introduced a last-minute amendment to the final debate on the measure which alienated almost all supporters of women bishops in General Synod and which led to an adjournment of the debate . The huge loyalty and affection in which Williams is held in the country have been severely tested in the Church of England . Indeed , it is probably true that one of the reasons why the Covenant was voted down in the dioceses was the loss of loyalty to the bishops and especially the archbishop who had so firmly supported it .
From the beginning of Williams ' archiepiscopate there has been a sense of panic in the wider Anglican Communion . Threats of excommunication led to emergency measures , which resulted in the production of several documents that eventually coalesced in the Covenant . Alongside this formal process Williams also sought to promote listening and dialogue between the different churches of the Communion . For instance , in the run-up to the Lambeth Conference of 2008 , when the bishops of the Communion were to gather in Canterbury , there were calls for a new kind of conference so that people in different contexts could listen to one another in what was referred to as an Indaba process ( after a Zulu word for decision-making ) . At the Conference the listening went on , with many bishops feeling that they had begun to respect and understand their differences from one another . But crucially no decisions were made . The slow thoughtful approach to conflict which requires all people to listen , and which characterises Williams ' attitude to leadership as primus inter pares ( ‘ first among equals ' ) , can so easily be derailed by those who refuse to play the game . Some 200 bishops refused to attend the Lambeth Conference , meeting instead in Jerusalem and threatening to set up their own parallel structure of ‘ confessing ' Anglicanism . Such bishops have interfered across provincial boundaries and the American Church faces significant schism as Episcopalians leave to form new ‘ Anglican ' Churches .
Whether Williams had a choice to do things differently is obviously impossible to know , but their actions are certainly consistent with their earlier thought . In a programmatic essay they once wrote that in entering the church , ‘ [ w ] e are not spared the cost of conflict or promised a final theological resolution ' . This is obviously the case , and Williams has had more than their fair share of conflict . But in the face of that conflict , they went on , ‘ we are assured of the possibility of “ re-producing ” the meaning that is Christ crucified and risen , through our commitment to an unavoidably divided church – not by the effort to reconcile at all costs , but by carrying the burdens of conflict in the face of that unifying judgement bodied forth in preaching and sacrament ' ( On Christian Theology , Oxford : Blackwell , 2000 , p. 58 ) .
Williams has carried the burdens of conflict , and has shown a huge commitment to unity . But perhaps they have found that the cost of reconciliation is too high : there has to be a will to be reconciled and for a decision to be made that no amount of talking can bring about , and Williams may have been too reticent to speak and too willing to listen . It is for the next archbishop to work out once again the limits of diversity , and when to speak and act after the process of listening . After all , the Indaba process is not just about listening to those with whom one disagrees , it is also about making a decision . That is when the real powers of reconciliation will be tested .
Mark Chapman is Vice-Principal of Ripon College Cuddesdon , and Reader in Modern Theology at the University of Oxford .
Riot Games brought back the Blind Monk on Friday , and this week , S2 Games is doing some hero-reviving of their own . The Nomad , a Legion hero from early builds of the game ( who was even playable via console commands ) , is back with a vengeance . But the Nomad 's been doing some training in the arid wastes and has a whole new bag of tricks . We got the exclusive look at the new and improved version of this wasteland wanderer . Read up on their brand-new set of abilities , lest the Nomad outsmart you with their desert sands when he 's released this Friday .
S2 Games breaks down the Nomad :
Role : The Nomad is an elusive melee semi-carry that puts an emphasis on the player 's decision-making and reflexes over raw , head-on damage output . Their skills are designed to reward and complement players who prefer to outplay their opponents by way of deception and guile .
Sandstorm : When Sandstorm is activated , the Nomad conjures a whirling cyclone of dust around them that envelops themselves and nearby allies in a shroud of invisibility . In addition , they receive a significant movement speed bonus , while enemies within the sandstorm lose movement speed . This duality allows for Sandstorm to be a very useful tool for both chasing and escaping . An ally in need can be hidden from opponents and escorted to safety , or the skill may be used to initiate upon the opposing team . Because the enemy can not see under the Sandstorm , they never know how many of you are approaching .
When Sandstorm is activated , the Nomad conjures a whirling cyclone of dust around them that envelops themselves and nearby allies in a shroud of invisibility . In addition , they receive a significant movement speed bonus , while enemies within the sandstorm lose movement speed . This duality allows for Sandstorm to be a very useful tool for both chasing and escaping . An ally in need can be hidden from opponents and escorted to safety , or the skill may be used to initiate upon the opposing team . Because the enemy can not see under the Sandstorm , they never know how many of you are approaching . Mirage Strike : Leveling up Mirage Strike grants two sub-abilities : True Strike and Mirage Strike . True Strike will cause the Nomad to charge recklessly at an opponent , dealing high physical damage and increasing their attack speed . Mirage Strike will cause the Nomad to become invisible and send an illusion to perform the charge in their stead . Proper use and a mixture of True Strike and Mirage Strike is what will keep your opponents on their toes . By never allowing them the luxury of knowing whether you 're really charging at them , you can take the opportunity to deal extra damage .
Leveling up Mirage Strike grants two sub-abilities : True Strike and Mirage Strike . True Strike will cause the Nomad to charge recklessly at an opponent , dealing high physical damage and increasing their attack speed . Mirage Strike will cause the Nomad to become invisible and send an illusion to perform the charge in their stead . Proper use and a mixture of True Strike and Mirage Strike is what will keep your opponents on their toes . By never allowing them the luxury of knowing whether you 're really charging at them , you can take the opportunity to deal extra damage . Wanderer : The Nomad 's passive ability charges their sword with the sand around them as they move . With each 100 distance traveled , their next attack gains a significant boost to attack damage . This ability allows them to deal very high damage when coupled with Mirage and True Strike . It also means that when they chase an opponent , they are constantly charging up Wanderer for their next attack .
The Nomad 's passive ability charges their sword with the sand around them as they move . With each 100 distance traveled , their next attack gains a significant boost to attack damage . This ability allows them to deal very high damage when coupled with Mirage and True Strike . It also means that when they chase an opponent , they are constantly charging up Wanderer for their next attack . Edge Counter ( Ultimate ) : Edge Counter is the Nomad 's greatest asset in a large-scale battle , as it can often be the difference between winning or losing an encounter . When activated , Edge Counter puts the Nomad in a one-second state of stasis . If they are attacked , damaged , or spell cast upon by an enemy hero during this state , the Nomad shrugs the attack off and counters their assailant with a massive wave of sand , dealing high magic damage and stunning anyone in its wake . Their stunned opponents then become vulnerable to a volley of attacks from True Strike .
PC Gamer 's take
The Nomad seems like the perfect fit for players that enjoy engaging in morale-crushing mind-games with their opponents . Mirage Strikes alone can plant the seed of fear into the opponent , who 'll constantly feel harassed even when you 're merely sending illusions their way . The invisibility granted by Sandstorm only compounds the paranoia in the enemies ' minds ; any sign of your desert winds will send them packing , fearful of just how many heroes could be poised to strike inside of them . This should also function as an amazing decoy ability ; you can act as if you 're about to launch a gank on one side of the map , while your team takes out an undefended tower on the opposite side .
Edge Counter is the icing on the mind-game cake . This ability really resonates with me as a fighting game fan : it seems like the MOBA equivalent of Street Fighter III 's counterhits or parries . Split-second timing will be greatly rewarded , while popping it at the wrong moment will strip you of the ace up your sleeve . Just having it available and not on cooldown will make your enemies hesitant to attack you , lest they unleash your devastating AoE stun . That leaves you free to slash through the opposing heroes and protect your allies with Sandstorm as necessary .
The Nomad seems like the ultimate `` Gotcha ! '' hero , enabling masterful players to run circles around those who are n't prepared for their trickery . The Nomad is slated for release this Friday ; let us know what you think of HoN 's long-lost 77th hero !
Depressed Chinese bachelor cuts their penis off because it 's surplus to requirements then CYCLES to hospital for treatment ( but forgets to take severed organ with him )
Single Yang Hu , 26 , sliced off their manhood since they 'had no use for it '
They cycled to hospital but was sent back to retrieve their severed penis
After cycling back again in agony , doctors said they could n't save it
Friends said they were depressed after moving to Jiaxing , working long hours
Agony : Yang Hu , pictured in hospital , severed their own penis because they thought it was surplus to requirements since they could n't find a girlfriend
A Chinese man frustrated at being single cut off their own penis then , in agony , decided to cycle to a hospital for treatment .
When they arrived doctors told them they could n't help save their manhood and ordered them to cycle back home to get the penis before they could be treated .
When Yang Hu , 26 , eventually arrived back at the hospital with the severed member , doctors told them that it had been without blood for too long , and it was impossible to reattach it .
Yang 's friends said that they had been increasingly depressed about the fact that since moving to the city they could not find a girlfriend .
What was worse , they said , was that they were doing such long hours in a clothing factory in Jiaxing , in Zhejiang province in east China , that they doubted they would ever have a chance to meet a woman .
Their depression grew so bad that after returning home after work at 9pm on October 27 to their rented room they had suddenly decided to cut off their member as there was no use for it anyway , and believing it would stop them thinking about getting a girlfriend .
Incredibly they managed to cycle to the hospital , then cycled home again to collect the severed member and then back to the hospital .
Their friends criticised doctors saying that had they provided the man with an ambulance they might have managed to get home quicker and their private parts could have been saved .
1 of 2 2 of 2
Did you know you have hours of endless amusement in your own Canadian wallet without having to spend anything ?
BBC Science presenter Steve Mould was visiting Canada over the holidays and while they were here , they made a video explaining the nifty innovations built into Canadian polymer banknotes of all denominations .
Did you know that if you shine a laser light through the transparent Canadian maple leaf , or look through it at a single point of light , you will see the denomination written out ?
It 's made of a diffraction grating , which splits light into several beams in different directions .
Here 's the video explaining how to do it :
Video of The weird science hidden inside Canadian money
It 's just one of several counterfeit prevention features built into Canadian dollar bills . But , needless to say , this one is the most fun at parties .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption TUC chief Brendan Barber : `` The poorer you are , the more you lose ''
The public will not accept large-scale spending cuts , TUC chief Brendan Barber has said as trade unions gather in Manchester .
Mr Barber said unions would reach out to the wider community to form a `` progressive alliance '' to make the case for alternatives to spending cuts .
And RMT union leader Bob Crow called for a campaign of `` civil disobedience '' in protest at spending cuts .
Ministers say they must take action to tackle the £155bn budget deficit .
Without `` decisive action '' , Chancellor George Osborne argues that Britain 's economic stability and reputation would be put at risk .
Rich 'let off '
They have asked all departments , excluding the NHS and international aid , to find four-year cuts of between 25 % and 40 % , to begin in April 2011 .
But their plans are expected to come under fire at the gathering of trade union members in Manchester for the TUC Congress this week .
TUC general secretary Mr Barber has already accused the government of `` making struggling families bear the cost of the recession , while the rich have been let off '' .
They said a study commissioned by the TUC suggested that the bottom 10 % of workers will suffer cuts in services equivalent to 20 % of their household income , while the richest will lose the equivalent of just 1.5 % .
`` Voters last May did not vote for a radical and permanent cutback in the scale and scope of public services , '' they said .
'Unfair '
`` Now the poll tax - that was defeated when the decent majority stood up and said 'no ' . It offended the deep sense of fairness that we share in this country , indeed across party divides .
`` The cuts have only just started to bite , when their full extent becomes clear I know that the country will join with us in saying 'no ' once again to policies that are so eye-wateringly unfair '' .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption RMT union leader Bob Crow on bank bonuses and police numbers
It followed warnings from Mr Crow , general secretary of the Rail , Maritime and Transport Union , that unions would fight for their members ' rights .
The RMT is asking the TUC to back calls for co-ordinated industrial action `` to defend jobs , pensions and conditions '' .
Mr Crow told journalists they envisaged a civil disobedience campaign with people taking to the streets with stunts such as `` Batman scaling parliament and Spider-Man going up Buckingham Palace '' .
The union leader may have been referring to a high-profile campaign waged by the Fathers For Justice group in which a protester dressed as the comic-book character scaled Buckingham Palace .
Earlier Mr Crow said if there was a `` concerted effort by this new government to attack workers in all different parts of society '' then workers taking action should `` co-ordinate that resistance to defend working men and working women '' .
Mark Serwotka , general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services Union , said industrial action was `` inevitable '' but added : `` It is clear the most effective opposition would be the biggest popular movement we have seen for many years . ''
BBC political correspondent Reeta Chakrabarti , at the TUC in Manchester , said there were those who wanted to send out an aggressive message against cuts , and others who feared trade unions would be portrayed as political dinosaurs .
'Feel militant '
They said Mr Barber was trying to set the tone and steer a course between the two , seeking a general alliance between public sector workers and wider public opinion .
But they said no-one was talking about a general strike - which unions can not organise as they each have to ballot their members separately .
Instead unions such as the PCS and Unison were talking about more formal links to co-ordinate action like demonstrations and campaigns .
Labour 's leadership candidates will attend a hustings at the TUC conference - hoping to attract union members ' support before the winner is named on 25 September .
Tackling the enormous deficit that Labour left us with is essential to underpinning the economic recovery . Danny Alexander , Chief Secretary to the Treasury
The current acting leader Harriet Harman told BBC One 's Andrew Marr Show their party backed the right to strike , but `` no one wants to see strikes '' - including public sector workers .
But they said they expected local communities to campaign alongside trade unions when public services were threatened .
They added : `` We feel very concerned indeed , yes , about threats to jobs and we do n't accept the argument that somehow this is entirely necessary to cut the deficit at this speed . We think it 's actually a threat to the economy .
`` And the arguments that the 'Big Society ' can take the place of public services are we think are disingenuous . So to that extent yes , we do feel militant about it . ''
But Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander told Sky News : `` Tackling the enormous deficit that Labour left us with is essential to underpinning the economic recovery .
`` If we do n't do that in the way that the Labour leadership candidates - who seem to be in denial about the mess that they left the country - would say , then we would end up in a worse economic position than if we took the action we are taking to reduce the deficit . ''
They said the government was taking action to encourage a private-sector led recovery and the spending review - which will detail where the axe will fall - would be spread over four years .
StarCraft II : Flashpoint by Christie Golden explores the aftermath of StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty and the events leading into the upcoming Heart of the Swarm expansion .
Now available at Amazon , Barnes and Noble , the Blizzard Online Store , and local and online book retailers , Flashpoint gives readers new insight into the early years of Raynor and Kerrigan 's tumultuous relationship .
Here 's a taste :
CHAPTER ONE
2504
“ We all got our choices to make . ”
Those were the last words Tychus Findlay—criminal , former marine , and traitor—would ever hear from their old friend James Raynor .
Tychus had made their choice first—to betray Jim 's trust and friendship by attempting to murder Sarah Kerrigan , the former Queen of Blades , who now sprawled shivering and vulnerable in a red-black cavern inside the planet Char .
Jim had chosen not to let him .
“ I made a deal with the Devil , Jimmy . ”
And for that deal , Sarah lay limp and trembling and alive , and Tychus Findlay lay stiffening in the armor that had turned out to be first a prison and then a metal coffin .
Jim lowered their pistol . Smoke still drifted upward from its muzzle , mingling with the steam that curled and coiled at their feet . The bullet meant for Arcturus Mengsk , the man they hated above all others , had instead ended the life of the man Jim had once called their best friend .
What have I just done ?
Jim fought back the tidal wave of emotions that threatened to overwhelm him . This was no time for rejoicing that the artifact to restore Kerrigan had worked , for berating their own lack of judgment regarding Tychus , for mourning the giant of a man whose rumbling voice would never again utter either jokes or threats .
They needed to get out of this murky , hellish cavern , off this world , and fast .
With Sarah Kerrigan .
Their men moved forward as their commander holstered their weapon , clearly intending to bring Tychus 's body with them . Jim barked sharply , “ Leave him ! ”
“ Sir ? ” Cam Fraser asked , confused . “ We do n't leave no one behind . ”
“ We 're leaving him . I ai n't gon na risk any of your lives for the sake of carrying the corpse of a traitor , ” Jim snarled . It was a valid argument . But even as they spoke the words , Jim knew it was n't the only reason for their decision .
They wanted to leave Tychus behind . Findlay had cut a deal with Arcturus Mengsk . They would have traded Kerrigan 's life for their freedom . Now Sarah Kerrigan lived , and Tychus would rot inside their suit . There was a brutal justice about it that Jim suspected would rack their soul if they thought about it too much . But , perhaps mercifully , there was no time for thinking .
They had come here , to the Zerg base world of Char , to do what no doubt seemed like madness : to make the Queen of Blades human again . They had found them deep inside the volcanic , ashy planet . They seemed completely stripped of their zerg-given abilities and appearance . Gone were the bony wings , the scaly skin that had once covered their toned body . But their hair was still—
It looked like it had worked . And “ looked like ” was close enough for Raynor , for now .
Upon learning that General Michael Flynn had registered as a foreign agent of Turkey in 2016 , Vice President Mike Pence praised President Donald Trump 's decision to request the resignation of their former national security adviser .
According to the lobbying disclosure forms filed Tuesday with the Justice Department 's Foreign Agent Registration Unit , Flynn 's company was paid at least $ 530,000 for lobbying work that may have benefited the Turkish government .
In a press briefing Thursday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed the president was not aware of Flynn 's work before they appointed the former lieutenant general as national security adviser .
Read more
“ I think this is what they did for a living , ” Spicer told reporters , adding that Flynn was not being compensated as part of the transition .
“ And so they were a private citizen at the time . And when you 're a private citizen , you 're allowed to engage in legal activities , ” Spicer said .
Pence also said that they did not know about Flynn 's work before they were appointed , and said the revelation was an “ affirmation of the president 's decision to ask General Flynn to resign , ” in an interview with Fox News ' Bret Baier .
In September 2016 , Flynn 's consulting firm , Flynn Intel Group , Inc. , disclosed it was working for Inovo BV , a Dutch-based consulting firm owned by Ekim Alptekin , a business person with ties to Turkey 's government and its president , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
According to documents filed with the DOJ , the Flynn Intel Group was hired to “ perform research ” on Fethullah Gülen and their network of charter schools as well as “ form a film and production crew for the purposes of producing a video documentary based on its research associated with Mr. Gülen . ”
Turkish authorities have accused Gülen of inciting an attempted coup in 2016 . Thousands of their supporters have been jailed , and Gülen fled to the US . The Turkish government has called on the US to extradite Gülen to Turkey .
On November 8 , 2016 , election day , Flynn wrote an editorial that appeared in The Hill , calling Gülen a “ radical Islamist , ” who was in control of “ a vast global network ” of extremists , which has “ all the right markings to fit the description of a dangerous sleeper terror network . ”
The article also called Turkey a “ vital ” ally to the US and said they were the “ strongest ally against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . ”
Flynn 's contract ended on November 15 , three days after they were appointed to be Trump 's national security adviser . Once Flynn was appointed , Flynn Intel Group shut down its operations . They filed a final public disclosure report on December 1 and did not renew their contract with Inovo BV .
The group says they refiled with the DOJ due to their work with Inovo BV , which they say “ focused on Mr. Fethullah Gülen ” and “ could be construed to have principally benefitted the Republic of Turkey . ”
In an interview with the Associated Press , Alptekin said that the documents were amended in response to `` political pressure . '' Alptekin said they did not agree with the decision to file the registration documents with the Justice Department .
`` I disagree with the filing , '' Alptekin told AP . `` It would be different if I was working for the government of Turkey , but I am not taking directions from anyone in the government . ''
When I engaged Flynn Co. polls showed 85 % likelihood of Hillary winning . If intention was to lobby USG I would have hired Podesta like Gulen — Ekim Alptekin ( @ ekimalptekin ) March 8 , 2017
Flynn has agreed not to lobby for five years after leaving government service and never to represent foreign governments .
Photo illustration by Slate . Illustrations by Shutterstock .
Listen to Episode 4 of Podcast for America !
Here 's Episode 4 of Podcast for America , “ Scott Walker , Easy Rider. ” As always , you 're welcome , America .
Advertisement
Podcast for America is your serious inside look at the shenanigans of the presidential campaign cycle . Guiding you on this journey every week are your hosts—Mark Leibovich of the New York Times Magazine and author of This Town ; Annie Lowrey of New York magazine ; and Alex Wagner , host of Now With Alex Wagner on MSNBC .
On today 's episode they decide whether Bernie-mentum is certifiably a real thing yet . They ask all the important questions about the recent Republican cattle call in Iowa ( mostly about Scott Walker and their motorcycle ) . And they examine a battle in the culture wars that , believe it or not , the Republicans are currently losing .
It might help if we start calling the slaughter what it is . African-Americans are lynched daily in this country by other African-Americans .
This past Labor Day weekend , Ramon Burnett , a 5-year-old boy , was murdered in a yard outside their grandmother 's house . The charismatic kindergartner was shot and killed while tossing a football with playmates in Cleveland 's Central neighborhood .
Ramon was an unintended casualty caught in an indiscriminate crossfire . They were a victim of racial hatred nonetheless - a modern-day lynching . One minute , Ramon was a joyful boy known for an infectious smile . A muzzle flash later , they were the victim of another grotesque street execution .
If Ramon 's death is not a game changer , there is little reason for hope . If this community does n't rally around Ramon and force change internally , we 're doomed . Maybe we can find strands of clarity by correctly identifying the cause of their death .
The deadly phenomenon that consumed Ramon is often called black-on-black crime . That is a polite euphemism for a death cycle that much more resembles a soft , self-inflicted genocide .
Data on the early history of lynching in America are incomplete , but the Tuskegee Institute estimates that whites lynched approximately 3,400 blacks in the United States between 1882 and 1951 .
Now , to the present day . In 2013 alone , more than 6,200 African-Americans were murdered in the United States , primarily at the hands of other African-Americans , according to the FBI 's Uniform Crime Report . Ramon is now part of this year 's statistic .
The modern-day lynchers , usually males under the age of 30 , routinely take the law into their own hands and impose lethal , extrajudicial sanctions . The lynchings are inflicted with reckless disregard for life , justice and any innocents who might be caught in the middle . The death sentence can be imposed for the slightest of offenses .
Police quickly arrested two teenage black males in connection with Ramon 's death . Marlon Hackett Jr. , 19 , and Dontavious Williams , 18 , both stand accused of aggravated murder . Both are being held on $ 1 million bonds .
Even so , there are more questions than answers for Ramon 's mournful community .
It 's not clear , for instance , what ignited the feud between the two teenagers . It 's not clear where they got their guns , or why they wanted to use them . At some point , however , one of the teenagers apparently decided that the other was unfit to live . The only question then was who would become collateral damage .
Police say that Hackett fired and that Williams returned fire . They missed each other . A bullet found Ramon .
They left a blood-stained playground , a family preparing to bury another murdered boy , and a city asking - yet again - how to combat wanton bloodshed and indefensible violence .
How can we stop the lynchings ?
At a candlelight vigil for Ramon Saturday evening , a group known as the Black Man Army condemned black-on-black violence . The group 's leader , Art McKoy , was quoted as saying :
`` If we ca n't protect our shorties [ children ] , what good are we as men ? ''
That question is tough , and important . It goes to the heart of the African-American community 's duty to clean its own house . It challenges us to show that black lives truly matter - to black people .
If black men ca n't protect their children , what value do they bring to their own community ?
We need to be more honest with one another : Police are n't the threat ; they are a major part of the solution . One of the biggest threats - to the health of the city and the life of the community - is a minority of armed , violent , young black males who have little regard for their own lives or the lives of others .
These are the predators who African-American communities must aggressively identify , confront and neutralize .
Now is not the time to tell Ramon 's family that black lives matter . They did n't matter in the least to the young triggermen on Friday afternoon . They do n't matter to the thousands who kill with abandon every year .
Are they killing from fear , from desperation , from anger , or greed , or hatred ? I do n't know . I know only that these modern-day lynchings must stop .
In general , the African-American community has reacted to these black-on-black deaths with bursts of sorrow or muted anger . It 's time for a much more urgent , serious , and sustained effort .
Lat 's start by calling it what it is . `` Homicide '' is too soft a term . Ramon was n't murdered . They were lynched .
SPRINGFIELD — It sounded like the opening to a joke , but Sen. Chapin Rose was eliciting a description of protections and restrictions in an Illinois eavesdropping proposal to replace a law declared unconstitutional last spring .
Detractors say it allows law enforcement officials to infringe on personal privacy .
“ If you have two people having a conversation in a bar , ” the Mahomet Republican began , “ and someone walks up and says ‘ I want to record you , ' and they say ‘ No , ' then what ? ”
The third party may record without permission , responded Sen. Kwame Raoul , the Chicago Democrat who sponsored Senate Bill 1342 . Rose persisted . What if it 's on the street , and they pull a buddy aside for a private conversation ?
“ I advise that the two individuals take their conversation elsewhere , ” Raoul said , “ where they can have a better expectation of privacy . ”
The focus on “ private ” conversations , lawmakers believe , solves the problem the Illinois Supreme Court was addressing last spring when it declared the eavesdropping law unconstitutional . The old law made it illegal in Illinois to record any conversation without the consent of all parties . Illinois is among a dozen states to require two-party consent .
But the ubiquity of smartphones and other digital devices took that to the absurd . Under current state law , someone could be prosecuted for recording a campaigning politician or posting a cheering crowd on social media .
So the initiative sponsored by Raoul and Rep. Elaine Nekritz , D-Northbrook , attempts to protect people from surreptitious and improper recording of their conversations without infringing on the rights of others to disseminate what others say .
“ The most important thing the bill does is to restore Illinois to a standard that requires everyone in a private conversation to consent to a recording , ” Nekritz said . “ We satisfy the Supreme Court requirement by limiting that to conversations where there is a reasonable expectation of privacy . ”
The law would take effect immediately upon being signed by Gov . Pat Quinn . Their office would not say last week whether they will approve it .
The measure is not without critics . The political left opposes a provision that expands police authority to overhear conversations ; the right objects to a missed opportunity to address how police may use body cameras , particularly in the wake of violent police-citizen interactions .
The American Civil Liberties Union praised the legislation for restoring private-conversation protections and for making it legal to record police officers while on duty — a point of contention that helped fuel to eavesdrop debate during the May 2012 NATO summit in Chicago , which drew throngs of protesters .
But it objected to an expansion of the kinds of investigations in which police may eavesdrop without a warrant — at least initially . The bill allows police , with only permission from the state 's attorney , to surreptitiously record conversations for 24 hours when investigating such serious crimes as murder , the most heinous sexual assaults , kidnapping and human trafficking .
That , ACLU spokesperson Ed Yohnka said , is “ the kind of unchecked police authority that we 've always resisted in this country. ” When citizens allow such intrusion , it 's typically been only after approval by an impartial judge .
Previous law allowed emergency eavesdropping in a hostage situation or undercover drug buy . The new exemptions do n't comprise a “ danger situation ” said Steve Clark , legislative liaison for the Cook County public defender 's office , who fears that crimes will be added .
Nekritz acknowledged that the eligible-crime expansion is a trade-off for eavesdropping protections , but prosecutors regard it similarly — they 'd prefer one-party overhear consent , like in federal law and 38 states .
“ The best evidence of the crime itself ... is that recording , ” said Matt Jones , associate director of the State 's Attorneys ' Appellate Prosecutor . “ The defendants may have to defend what their actual words are , but they do n't have to defend against what a cop writes in their report . ”
A growing number of crocodile attacks is forcing police in the Solomon Islands to shoot the animals and to consider lifting a 30-year ban on exporting their valuable skins in order to control the population .
There have been more than 10 crocodile attacks on people this year , as well as dozens of assaults on livestock and domestic animals around the Solomon Islands , which is home to 600,000 people .
However , the actual number of incidents is probably far greater , as attacks often happen in remote regions of the country where villagers take crocodile control into their own hands and do not report attacks to authorities .
According to Superintendent Stanley Riolo , the director of the national response department , the most recent fatality was in April , when an eight-year-old girl was killed by a crocodile in the western provinces .
In that instance local villagers speared the crocodile from behind , wounding it , and then drowned it in a river . A more humane death was impossible , said Riolo , as the villagers have no guns to shoot the giant saltwater , or estuarine , crocodiles – which can grow up to 7m ( 23 feet ) long – since firearms were banned under an international agreement in 2003 .
A specialised police crocodile control unit has now been set up to deal with the increasing number of attacks .
Since May this year , when the Royal Solomon Islands police force was rearmed , the crocodile control team has been equipped with Remington bolt-action rifles , hunting in banana boats at night when crocodiles ' eyes glow red in the dark , making them easy targets .
This year the specialist team has killed 40 crocodiles – including one that was 6.4m long .
The 14-year international Ramsi intervention ( regional assistance mission to the Solomon Islands ) , which wound down in June , saw Solomon Islanders stripped of all armaments in a move to control violence between warring ethnic factions , which had led to the death of 200 people and the displacement of tens of thousands .
“ Crocodile attacks began to increase in the years after Ramsi arrived , and we believe it is because the villagers did n't have guns any more to protect themselves and shoot the crocodiles , ” said Riolo . “ We are currently in discussions to plan a post-Ramsi crocodile control programme , but at the moment our only option is shooting them .
“ There have been so many attacks : the crocodile population is out of control . ”
Joseph Hurutarau , the deputy director of conservation , says their team is planning a national survey of the crocodile population this year so it can accurately measure and explore the reasons behind the growing number of attacks .
Hurutarau 's team believes the crocodile population began to increase 30 years ago , when the the export of crocodile skins – a once lucrative industry for locals – was banned .
But Craig Franklin , a zoology professor and crocodile expert from the University of Queensland , warned : “ When we say populations are exploding , what is also growing out of control is the human population , and the two often get mixed up . The more humans you have living in crocodile country , the more likely you are going to have these negative interactions with crocodiles . ”
If a crocodile does take a human , it does need to be captured , Franklin said , as the animal will return to stalk humans once it has identified them as a source of food .
But shooting crocodiles as a means of population control is a “ poor outcome ” for the animals , Franklin argued , adding that the reasons for any purported population growth need to be carefully examined .
Hurutarau said their team was keen to seek advice . “ We are looking for assistance from international crocodile experts so we can undertake a report with scientific data and information that will prove the crocodile population is slowly increasing , as we believe it is .
“ The long-term plan is to reintroduce the exportation of crocodile skins , but only to the extent of managing the population and the number of attacks . Crocodiles are still a protected animal and we have to find a balance to maintain a healthy population but also to protect people who live in coastal areas who depend on the ocean for their livelihood . ”
Franklin said many of the communities with the best relationships with and respect for crocodiles are in the Northern Territory and Cape York of Australia , where local Indigenous people revere the animals and have learnt to live side-by-side with the apex predators .
“ To go out and shoot crocodiles is really dangerous because it can lure people into a false sense of safety … and crocodiles do play a really important role in the ecosystem and need to be protected .
“ I absolutely sympathise and agree we need to ensure people 's safety , but I often think the best way is to educate people about how to be croc-wise . ”
Ages ago ( gosh , it was nearly five years ago ) I had a piece where Blandula remarked that any robot clever enough to understand Isaac Asimov 's Three Laws of Robotics would surely be clever enough to circumvent them . At the time I think all I had in mind was the ease with which a clever robot would be able to devise some rationalisation of the harm or disobedience it was contemplating . Asimov themselves was of course well aware of the possibility of this kind of thing in a general way . Somewhere ( working from memory ) I think they explain that it was necessary to specify that robots may not , through inaction , allow a human to come to harm , or they would be able to work round the ban on outright harming by , for example , dropping a heavy weight on a human 's head . Dropping the weight would not amount to harming the human because the robot was more than capable of catching it again before the moment of contact . But once the weight was falling , a robot without the additional specification would be under no obligation to do the actual catching .
That does not actually wrap up the problem altogether . Even in the case of robots with the additional specification , we can imagine that ways to drop the fatal weight might be found . Suppose , for example , that three robots , who in this case are incapable of catching the weight once dropped , all hold on to it and agree to let go at the same moment . Each individual can feel guiltless because if the other two had held on , the weight would not have dropped . Reasoning of this kind is not at all alien to the human mind ; compare the planned dispersal of responsibility embodied in a firing squad .
Anyway , that 's all very well , but I think there may well be a deeper argument here : perhaps the cognitive capacity required to understand and apply the Three Laws is actually incompatible with a cognitive set-up that guarantees obedience .
There are two problems for our Asimovian robot : first it has to understand the Laws ; second , it has to be able to work out what actions will deliver results compatible with them . Understanding , to begin with , is an intractable problem . We know from Quine that every sentence has an endless number of possible interpretations ; humans effortlessly pick out the one that makes sense , or at least a small set of alternatives ; but there does n't seem to be any viable algorithm for picking through the list of interpretations . We can build in hard-wired input-output responses , but when we 're talking about concepts as general and debatable as ‘ harm ' , that 's really not enough . If we have a robot in a factory , we can ensure that if it detects an unexpected source of heat and movement of the kind a human would generate , it should stop thrashing its painting arm around – but that 's nothing like intelligent obedience of a general law against harm .
But even if we can get the robot to understand the Laws , there 's an equally grave problem involved in making it choose what to do . We run into the frame problem ( in its wider , Dennettian form ) . This is , very briefly , the problem that arises from tracking changes in the real world . For a robot to keep track of everything that changes ( and everything which stays the same , which is also necessary ) involves an unmanageable explosion of data . Humans somehow pick out just relevant changes ; but again a robot can only pick out what 's relevant by sorting through everything that might be relevant , which leads straight back to the same kind of problem with indefinitely large amounts of data .
I do n't think it 's a huge leap to see something in common between the two problems ; I think we could say that they both arise from an underlying difficulty in dealing with relevance in the face of the buzzing complexity of reality . My own view is that humans get round this problem through recognition ; roughly speaking , instead of looking at every object individually to determine whether it 's square , we throw everything into a sort of sieve with holes that only let square things drop through . But whether or not that 's right , and putting aside the question of how you would go about building such a faculty into a robot , I suggest that both understanding and obedience involve the ability to pick out a cogent , non-random option from an infinite range of possibilities . We could call this free will if we were so inclined , but let 's just call it a faculty of choice .
Now I think that faculty , which the robot is going to have to exercise in order to obey the Laws , would also unavoidably give it the ability to choose whether to obey them or not . To have the faculty of choice , it has to be able to range over an unlimited set of options , whereas constraining it to any given set of outcomes involves setting limits . I suppose we could put this in a more old-fashioned mentalistic kind of way by observing that obedience , properly understood , does not eliminate the individual will but on the contrary requires it to be exercised in the right way .
If that 's true ( and I do realise that the above is hardly a tight knock-down argument ) it would give Christians a neat explanation of why God could not have made us all good in the first place – though it would not help with the related problem of why we are exposed to widely varying levels of temptation and opportunity . To the rest of us it offers , if we want it , another possible compatibilist formulation of the nature of free will .
Share this : Facebook
Email
Reddit
Twitter
More
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
LinkedIn
World population growth is accelerating . True , the rate has halved since the historical peak of 2.2 % in the 1960s , but estimates show that by 2050 , population numbers will be close to 9 billion – almost 3 billion more than current rates . Increased growth has led to the concept of the mega city ; huge and densely populated urban areas , high in CO2 emissions levels because of the vast concentration of people . There are now more than 25 mega cities in the world , each harbouring in excess of 10m people . Compare this to the early 1800s , in which just 3 % of the world 's population inhabited cities , and it is easy to see why population growth has become an important area of study ; it is rapid and consuming , and concepts like the mega city show just how the way in which we live enters new paradigms according to population levels – now the number of people who live cities is closer to 50 % .
Technically speaking , population growth does not have to affect these problems at all ; there is no inherent link between pollution and increased population , nor is there a link between CO2 emissions and population growth . Certainly , there is the simple fact that more people means more CO2 being released into the atmosphere through the conversion of oxygen , but this carbon can be encompassed within the existing carbon cycle , meaning that – according to definition – it is not contributing per say to global warming . With that in mind , it is perfectly possibly to argue that , though the link exists , there is no need for population growth to affect CO2 emissions , climate change , or global warming .
What makes growing population a problem for climate change is human habit , and we 're not just talking about biting nails or the use of online casino websites here . In the age of industry , in the paradigm of consumption and mass production , carbon emission has become a necessity ; the burning of fossil fuels as a cheap and efficient energy source has dominated human production since the industrial revolution , and has reigned for 200 years . Under such a system , population growth is dangerous for world climate change and CO2 emissions levels , because the system dictates that production must rise with population , so that carbon levels , too , must necessarily rise . Indeed this is evident in the breakdown of rising CO2 emissions rates , in which up to 25 % can be attributed to transport modes . That percentage will rise under the current system as populations rise .
Population growth , then , is not detrimental to the environment by default , but has a serious effect because of the system of mass production and carbon based energy . To curb that problem , we need a new paradigm and a new system , in which either mass production is halted , or carbon based energy is made obsolete . With the first of those options looking at this time an effectual impossibility , we must enter a new paradigm under the protocol of the second option ; the switch from carbon based energy , to renewable energy . That way , the rapid growth of populations across the world need not add to the ever more serious problems of global warming , CO2 emissions , and climate change .
In every one of the open deliberations on the impacts and ramifications of a worldwide temperature alteration , environmental change and CO2 emissions , one thing can certainly be concurred ; things are changing . There could conceivably be motivation to dishonour the thought that environmental change is a human-made marvel , and there might possibly with measures being taken to help the environment such as electric cars and the use of ozone generators as air purifiers . However this author would definitely contend that such claims are false – be motivated to question the unfavourable impact of such ideas . Be that as it may , there can be no debate on the way that CO2 discharge levels are rising ; the Energy Information Administration demonstrates that CO2 emissions from the burning of fossil energies has risen consistently for a long time .
With that ascent , essentially , comes a worldwide temperature alteration , and the shift in the world 's environment and biological communities that we by and large term environmental change . A few cynics contend that the ascent is either characteristic – a consequence of the immense climatic pendulum – and others contend that it is inescapable ; it is truly asserted , for instance , that the unfaltering ascent in world populace levels are the boss donor to development in CO2 emissions around the world . The contention goes that – shy of authority conception prevention approaches – it would be verging on difficult to check the ascent in populace , and CO2 emissions are the inevitable result .
That view should be tested . Certainly , there is some truth in the case ; populace rises mean more individuals , and that makes a more noteworthy demand for fossil energizes , the wellspring of most things that can sustain , clothe , and house us . In any case , that summation infers a fundamental reliance on fossil fills . It is consistent with say that the present day world depends on fossil powers , so that the connection is a solid one , however it is not a bound relationship ; much should be possible , regardless of the fact that an aggregate independence from fossil powers is a current common sense inconceivable possibility , to enormously diminish the world reliance on fossil fills .
Just to clarify one thing – we are still on a mission to launch a human being into space on a homemade space rocket . We started out big , by firing the first rocket – not as a small test rocket – but a full-size machine carrying a full-size crash test dummy .
The decision to do so was Peter Madsen 's and mine , and may not have made a whole lot of sense to many people , but it boosted the project into what it is today__ . A manned space program ! __ A program far from the typical small-sized DIY rocket projects which are common in the realm of amateurism .
It seems to me that people either love or hate this project . There are not many “ inbetweeners. ” The fact that Copenhagen Suborbitals continues to claim that they are capable of producing and launching a manned homemade rocket , for little money , clearly pisses off some people – especially in the pro-space arena .
If you have followed the project , the last couple of years , you may have been looking in vain for large rockets . And so have I. Needless to say , there is a natural development going on justifying these launches and tests , because we like to differentiate systems into smaller tests for better systems-isolated evaluation .
In a few months we are going to launch our first active-guided rocket Sapphire . This is going to very interesting . We are basically letting a guided missile lose to learn more about this crucial system . Without active guidance – no suborbital ride .
But it has been too long ! We need to get back on the big track !
It 's like the development at Copenhagen Suborbitals has turned into a “ sound ” process where everyone is nerding and fiddling more and more with smaller and smaller system to know it all . Things are getting slower and smaller and I think we have lost our nerve somehow .
Last week I had a talk with Peter Madsen . Being pretty much synchronized in our strange minds , we decided to get back on the big track . We decided to get our act together and find that special nerve that started the project . So , besides launching the “ usual ” experimental rockets and capsule each year , the production of the large Ø1600mm engine must begin NOW - and so it has .
Our `` big '' 1600-rocket compared to known NASA systems . Image : Kristian von Bengtson
Personally , I am aiming for a launch or at least full scale test in Summer 2014 .
I know pushing these ideas to Peter Madsen is like injecting amphetamine into their veins and since it happened I have never seen them talking , running and sketching faster . Their smile has never been bigger and it just happened that this weekend the construction of our new permanent rocket engine vertical test cell ( VTC-3 ) , has begun – capable of holding our ø1600 engine with is 10 meter tall propellant tanks . 10 tonnes of propellant . Now , we are talking !
A huge chunk of aluminum sheets has been purchased to begin production of these huge propellant tanks .
Yes , dear friends . We are back on the megalomania track .
It makes me happy . This is what Copenhagen Suborbitals is all about !
P.S . If you are a twitter-person we have created the official Copenhagen Suborbitals Twitter channel which sums up most of our news .
Ad Astra
Kristian von Bengtson
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson was a success at Old Trafford because they were brutally honest , according to former Reds defender Gary Neville .
The wily Scot won 38 trophies in a glorious 27-year spell at United and Neville was at the heart of much of that success .
Under Sir Alex , Neville became one of the game 's finest right-backs and lifted eight Premier League titles and two Champions League trophies .
Reflecting on their time at Old Trafford , on the 30th anniversary of Sir Alex 's appointment , Neville believes the Scot 's trademark forthrightness set them apart as a manager .
`` His management style was very much see it , say it , review it , move on , '' they told a packed audience at the MEN Business of the Year Awards at the Midland Hotel .
`` Everything that they saw , whether it was negative or positive they would say it - because you have to tell the truth . You would review it to take the message and then move on .
`` Ultimately that 's how I would like to see my management style . They had such fantastic leaders in their dressing room , every one of them was a captain .
`` They could say anything they wanted to each other any day and it was forgotten about in 10 mins . A bad pass was a crime and the standards were so high .
`` I was privileged to work with them in that environment - it was all about truth . They surrounded themselves with people who had the character and personality to accept the truth . ''
Since retiring , Neville has become one of the game 's most insightful pundits with Sky and is also co-owner of Salford City .
Having tried their hand at coaching , with Valencia and England , the 41-year-old was keen to build on their success as a player .
`` My major ambition post career was that I did n't just become an ex-Manchester United player , '' they said .
`` I think that it 's a trap many falls into , they feel as if they 've climbed a mountain and that their achievement has finished .
`` I did n't feel like that at 35 and I wanted to make sure the next 35 years were more exciting and create more than I did in the first 20 years .
`` It was my dream to play for United , I only played for one club , which is unbelievable in football terms and it was my club , the one that I supported , but I did n't want to just live off that name and the club for the future as some people do . ''
Get all the latest Manchester United news first with our new app . Download it here now .
Russian warship makes rare S.F . appearance RUSSIAN NAVY
Dual purpose 200mm guns on the Varyag , a Russian guard missile cruiser at Pier 30-32 in San Francisco on Monday . Dual purpose 200mm guns on the Varyag , a Russian guard missile cruiser at Pier 30-32 in San Francisco on Monday . Photo : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle Photo : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 20 Caption Close Russian warships makes rare S.F . appearance 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
The first Russian surface warship to visit San Francisco in 147 years is docked on the Embarcadero this week on a visit that combines friendship , history and a display of military power .
The ship is the cruiser Varyag , a sleek gray vessel that is the flagship of Russia 's Pacific fleet . It made the two-week voyage from Vladivostok in the spirit of friendship , as Russian Rear Adm. Vladimir Kastonov said more than once during a news conference aboard the ship at Pier 30-32 on Monday .
The ship 's visit also commemorates a nearly forgotten bit of Russian-American history . Czar Alexander II sent a fleet to San Francisco and New York in 1863 during the American Civil War to show support for the union .
That Russian squadron , six ships commanded by a rear admiral , spent several months in San Francisco Bay . It was a difficult time for the United States - the British were considering recognizing the Confederacy , the French were about to send an army to Mexico , and the Confederate Navy had ideas about the Pacific .
Not only that , Russian sailors helped fight a huge fire in San Francisco and six of them died . A plaque honoring the sailors was dedicated Tuesday afternoon at Broadway and the Embarcadero .
`` We have a very , very rich history , '' Kastonov said .
That may be , but it took more than a century for another Russian Navy warship to sail to what Kastonov called `` your very beautiful coast and beautiful city . '' A Russian submarine came here during World War II , and an occasional Russian research ship , but that was it .
In between , of course , was the Cold War , a period when San Francisco was ringed with Nike missile batteries and the bay was full of U.S. Navy ships all designed to head off a Soviet attack that never came .
Monday , the Russians were pleased to show off their ship , including the menacing missile tubes that house 16 cruise missiles able to hit enemy warships more than 3,400 miles away . There is also an assortment of anti-aircraft missiles and a conventional twin-barrel gun in a turret that can fire 90 rounds of ammunition in a minute .
The mission of the Russian fleet , Kastonov said , `` is to prevent piracy , particularly in the Gulf of Aden ( near Somalia ) and to prevent acts of terrorism . ''
`` We work together with the United States forces in this region , '' the admiral said .
Capt . Eduard Moskalenko , the Varyag 's commander , said their father was commander of a submarine in the Soviet era , but the Varyag is not your father 's Russian ship . For one thing , a religious icon is mounted in a place of honor in the wardroom , unthinkable in the Communist era . For another , it has a small `` relaxation room '' , where crew members can consult with a psychologist .
The room features comfortable couches , a tropical fish tank and two parrots , which liaison officer Lt. Artyoma Yakovnev said were named Pirate and Sailor .
On Wednesday , the Varyag 's crew will participate in a cookout and sports competition with sailors from the U.S. Navy cruiser Bunker Hill , which is also in port .
Members of the public can tour the Varyag from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Thursday . The ship sails Friday for Vladivostok .
In Business : Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visits San Francisco tonight and will tour Silicon Valley businesses Wednesday . D1
As more information becomes available about the controversial $ 3.5-billion , 10-lane Massey Bridge project , concern about the project increases .
Issues had already been raised about the cost and need for the project given questions about traffic growth , but the publication of two new documents raises concerns about the plan to build the bridge as a public private partnership ( P3 ) .
Both the Business Case for the bridge and the Request for Proposals ( RFP ) issued to the three selected consortia were released earlier in October . The Business Case justifies the use of a P3 while the RFP stipulates how the P3 will be delivered with the private partner “ responsible for arranging and delivering approximately $ 750 million of financing towards the funding of the Project ” .
Issues had already been raised about the price and scope of the project . People have questioned projections about traffic growth in the next thirty years noting that driving miles peaked in North America in 2007 . Rising energy prices , denser neighbourhoods , transit , and the possibility of self-driving cars may all lead to decreased traffic volumes . BC 's Auditor General , Carol Bellringer , has also said they intend to evaluate the quality of evidence to support the decision to replace the Massey Tunnel .
Earlier reports from the Auditor General also raise questions about the cost of P3s . In their 2013-14 report on the provincial government 's financial statements they noted :
“ As well , it is interesting to note that while government 's weighted average cost of borrowing is approximately 4 % , on the $ 2.3 billion that government borrowed through public private partnerships this is 7.5 % . ”
The Auditor General 's report suggests the government will be paying roughly 3.5 per cent more to have the private partner provide this funding than it would if the money was borrowed publicly . Over the 25-year operating period this would come to an additional cost of more than $ 250 million .
The government plans to repay $ 150 million of the money raised privately through the P3 partnership at the end of construction . This is similar to what was done on the construction of the Evergreen Line transit project where the private partner provided financing during construction as a way to guarantee its work . With the Massey project , however , the government is still asking for an additional $ 600 million that will be paid back over the remaining 25 years of the Design/Build/Operate/Partially Finance P3 .
As well as the government paying a higher interest rate to use private sector money there are several other things in the RFP to make a potential private sector partner happy . The operation and maintenance portion of the contract over the 25 years of operation is assumed to be increased by the cost of living . This might not sound too surprising except for the fact the provincial government routinely gives its own employees increases considerably less than the cost of living . Advantage private sector partner .
The private sector partner also does n't need to worry about the cost of borrowing going up during the negotiation process . The RFP stipulates that the government “ is willing to provide interest rate movement certainty to Proponents from the Financial Submittal to the Effective Date if certain conditions are met ” .
All of these issues might raise questions as to whether a P3 is in the public interest and not surprisingly , the government 's business case declares that it is . The government calculates that using the P3 will save $ 95 million , or a saving of 3.9 % over doing the project publicly . It arrives at this assumed saving through a set of assumptions that make public delivery of a project of this size almost impossible .
There is evidence in the government 's project Business Case that it expects the cost to use private financing to be very close to the 7.5 per cent figure cited by the Auditor General . The Business Case states that the Discount Rate used for the project will be 7.4 per cent . The use of the discount rate is complex , but the 7.4 per cent figure is based on the project 's “ inherent risks ” . It is also based on the rate at which a project breaks even according to the Harvard Business Review . Since the private partner needs to make 7.4 per cent on its money , that is likely to be the cost of using private capital .
The discount rate is used to discount the value of future spending . The cost of living is an example . With 2 per cent inflation a dollar today would be worth 98 cents next year . But with a 7.4 per cent discount rate , a dollar today would be worth 92.6 cents next year . In 10 years it would be worth 50 cents and in 25 years at that discount rate it would be worth only 17 cents .
Why is this important ? Another assumption in the methodology is that if a project is done publicly “ all construction costs are assumed to be paid by the Province as they are incurred with no financing assumptions included ” . In other words , it is assumed that under public delivery , all construction costs are paid in the first few years before discounting makes the value of the spending disappear . Another assumption is that the government would not borrow the money to pay for the project .
But with a P3 , the private sector money is assumed to be paid back over the life of the project . That means in the final year , the value of debt paid back is assumed to be worth about 17 cents on the dollar . If public spending on construction were accounted for the same way as private investment dollars , the advantage to the P3 would disappear like smoke . These assumptions basically rig the system in favour of P3s .
There are other assumptions as well . The Business Case assumes a private partner will pay federal and provincial taxes but a public project will not .
But here 's the thing . The bridge would be built by a private company , no matter whether it is publicly managed or a P3 . And presumably the builder would pay taxes . Second , just how much would be declared as income is an open question . Projects such as this are increasingly finding their homes in tax havens . Profits are declared in the tax haven , not where the work is done . We have already seen this happening in BC with some P3 projects .
What is the effect of this on the assumptions about tax revenue ? It appears the government has little interest in knowing . In response to the Freedom of Information request on the issue they responded :
“ Although a thorough search was conducted , no responsive records were located . Your file is now closed . ”
Beyond this , there are other potential issues . At least one member of a consortium—SNC-Lavalin—a favourite of the provincial government , has been suspended from receiving World Bank financing for projects because of corruption . SNC-Lavalin is also involved in a court case over its work with the Evergreen Line . Then there are transparency issues . P3s tend to be riddled with secrecy as MLA Vicki Huntington found out when they went looking for information about the Massey Bridge .
There are many questions about the Massey Bridge project but a couple of things are certain . Partnerships BC , the government 's privatization agency , has a methodology that ensures it will be a public private partnership . And higher interest rates on money provided by the private partner will cost British Columbians hundreds of millions of dollars more over the life of the contract .
If the assumptions about rapidly expanding traffic and tolls are also wrong , as they have proved to be on the Golden Ears Bridge P3 , things could be even worse . And our grandchildren will pay for it .
Topics : Economy , Municipalities , Privatization , P3s & public services , Provincial budget & finance , Transparency & accountability
A diplomatic row erupted between Britain and Germany last night after a senior ally of Angela Merkel was accused of threatening a trade war if Britain quits the EU .
Prominent German MP Gunther Krichbaum said the UK ‘ can not survive ' on its own and raised the spectre of crippling trade tariffs on British exports should we vote to leave the union .
Mr Krichbaum 's warning came in a clash with senior Tory MP Sir Bill Cash , who accused the German politician of ‘ threatening ' Britain .
Sir Bill said Britain had fought Germany in two world wars to keep its freedoms and was not going to surrender them to a German-run Brussels now .
Close ally : German Chancellor Angela Merkel ( L ) sits next to chairperson of the parliamentary commission charged with EU affairs Gunther Krichbaum ( R )
Mr Krichbaum last night rejected Sir Bill 's claims . However they have previously attacked David Cameron and the ‘ in-out ' referendum .
In January 2013 , they accused Mr Cameron of trying to ‘ blackmail ' the EU ; in May 2014 they mocked the ‘ flip-flopping ' PM and derided their attempt to exempt Britain from the EU 's pledge for ‘ ever closer union ' as a ‘ desperate attempt to appease Ukip ' ; and in November 2014 , they said Mr Cameron would get a ‘ bloody nose ' if they curbed immigration without permission from Brussels .
But the timing of their latest comments , so close to the referendum , is bound to be seen as provocative .
Mr Krichbaum and Sir Bill had a sharp but courteous disagreement during a meeting in The Hague on Monday , but the gloves came off when they argued face-to-face afterwards . Mr Krichbaum , seen by some as Mrs Merkel 's anti-Cameron ‘ attack dog ' , claimed Britain 's economy would be devastated as a result of lost EU trade deals , saying : ‘ You wo n't be able to survive , trading conditions will not be in your favour . '
Sir Bill retorted : ‘ Yes we can . We 've been doing it for generations . We have a multi-billion-pound trading deficit with the EU : you run a multi-billion surplus . You need to sell us your cars and trucks . What do you take us for ? Do you think we are incapable of running our own affairs ? '
It was at this point that lawyer Mr Krichbaum , 51 , a member of Mrs Merkel 's ruling Christian Democrat party retorted : ‘ There is the question of tariffs . '
Indignant Sir Bill replied : ‘ You 're not threatening me , are you ? '
The Conservative MP told their German adversary : ‘ There is history between our two countries . We have had to battle for our freedom over the last century . We should not and will not be governed by EU majority voting dominated by Germany . '
The row had started earlier at a formal meeting when Sir Bill declared : ‘ Our people no longer trust the democratic structures of the EU . We are not going to be in the second tier of a two tier Europe effectively run by Germany . '
British Prime Minister David Cameron ( R ) and German Chancellor Angela Merkel attend the annual Matthiae-Mahl dinner at Hamburg City Hall
But they were slapped down by Mr Krichbaum , heard of the Bundestag 's EU affairs committee , who defended ‘ EU solidarity ' and maintained all 28 nations worked together .
A defiant Sir Bill told The Mail on Sunday : ‘ Mr Krichbaum 's reference to trade tariffs was a clear threat . It is basically Germany telling the British to get lost ; it 's in their DNA to want to be on top . '
Sir Bill described their exchange as a ‘ serious disagreement ' but denied it was a shouting match .
Mr Krichbaum last night denied they had ‘ threatened ' Britain and accused Sir Bill of ‘ lying . '
They said : ‘ I did not make any threats – that is a lie . Bill Cash has their own agenda because they want to leave the EU . I said that if Britain leaves the EU it will no longer have access to the single market and that will add costs to British industry and make exports less competitive . That is why much of British industry wants to stay in the EU . '
CRUNCH WEEK FOR BIG EU VOTE MONDAY David Cameron had called a crunch Cabinet meeting to fire up Ministers for the negotiations in Brussels – but has been forced to cancel it as too many of their senior team were out of the country . One sardonic source said : ‘ The most crucial Cabinet since the Election is scrapped due to skiing holidays . ' TUESDAY The Prime Minister flies to the European Parliament to discuss their reform plans . They will to try to win politicians over as the Parliament is likely to vote on whether Britain is allowed to apply an ‘ emergency brake ' on benefits to EU migrants . THURSDAY Today the talking will start in the Justus Lipsius building in Brussels . The draft agenda says the UK deal should be concluded over dinner . FRIDAY Friday is meant to be set aside for talks on migration . But sources acknowledge that UK negotiations might stretch into a second day . They could even be a ‘ three shirter ' , running into Saturday . Although diplomatic ‘ sherpas ' have started talks , four of Britain 's key demands remain in the air : the UK 's wish to halt ever-closer union , protection from the eurozone block , the brake on benefits and curbs on child benefits for migrants . NEXT After the summit , the PM has pledged a Cabinet meeting , after which Ministers will be free to announce whether they back ‘ In ' or ‘ Out ' . No date has been set , but Mr Cameron is under pressure to hold it on Saturday .
Mr Krichbaum said it was ‘ not fair ' for Britain to blame Brussels for its problems and said they hoped Britain would stay in the EU – and they were convinced Mr Cameron felt the same , insisting the PM called the referendum ‘ to calm down people in their party like Mr Cash ' .
Mr Krichbaum 's warning came days after fellow German Martin Schulz , President of the European Parliament , said many Euro-MPs now wanted Britain out of the EU as Britain was ‘ testing their patience ' with its ‘ continuous demands ' .
Mr Cameron met Mrs Merkel in Hamburg on Friday in their latest bid to secure more concessions on a new EU deal for Britain .
The final agreement will be hammered out at a summit on Thursday and Friday , and put to the UK Cabinet by next weekend . At least five Cabinet Ministers are expected to campaign against the Prime Minister and join the ‘ Out ' campaign for the referendum , expected on June 23 .
Tory MP and son of a war hero compares current situation to pre-war Europe and warns Britain is heading for APPEASEMENT
Anti-EU Tory grandee Sir Bill Cash is sitting in front me , slumped in an armchair in their Commons office , sobbing uncontrollably . It is a shock : 6ft 4in tall and ramrod straight , Cash is the quintessential buttoned-up English gent in their pin-striped suit .
But not today . They whisper through tears : ‘ I 'm proud of my dad , they were in the front line of the front line . The tanks ... just came right at him . '
They are talking , painfully , about the moment that shaped their life , their destiny , perhaps Britain 's too .
Bill Cash Tory MP with a letter from Margaret Thatcher written in 1993 and other documents and photographs in their office
Cash was four years old when their father , Captain Paul Cash , was killed in Normandy on July 13 , 1944 , at the age of 26 . They won the Military Cross for their bravery and is still so revered in Fontaine-Etoupefour , where they fell , that they recently named a community centre after him .
Seventy one years ago , young Cash was at home with their mother Moyra when a mail carrier arrived at the door with a telegram .
Just like the mother in the opening sequence of Stephen Spielberg 's D-Day film , Saving Private Ryan , Moyra Cash collapsed even before it was handed to them When its contents were explained to Bill , the little boy told her : ‘ Do n't worry mummy , I will look after you . '
I have known Cash since they became an MP in 1984 . They and I have discussed D-Day before : my dad was there , but survived . But I have never seen them like this and awkwardly reach out a hand to this weeping giant as they recover their composure .
‘ She never got over it , ' they say , dabbing their eyes and sipping a glass of water .
In truth , I had not intended to interview Cash . Their intellect and unflinching patriotic principles have earned them private audiences – and respect – from world leaders as diverse as Margaret Thatcher and Helmut Schmidt . But I confess that , when they made a beeline for me in the Commons , my first instinct was to give them the slip .
Bill Cash 's father Paul , who died in Normandy after the D-Day landings
Never mind speak for England , at times it can seem that Bill can bore for England on the subject of Brussels – and they wanted to bend my ear over David Cameron 's ‘ worthless ' EU referendum deal and the way it was being spun as a historic triumph by No 10 .
I listened politely . It was only when they mentioned the word ‘ appeasement ' and an unusual picture in their office that my ears pricked up – and accepted their invitation to go and inspect it .
Capt Cash would immediately recognise the photograph that dominates their son 's dingy office : a sepia tinted portrait of Neville Chamberlain , the man who tried to appease Hitler .
Disconcertingly but deliberately , it stands on the window sill upside down . Permanently . It is a copy of a photo that appeared in the Illustrated London News when Chamberlain came back from their infamous talks with Hitler in Munich in 1938 waving their ‘ peace in our time ' bit of paper .
Cash draws my attention to the caption , attributed to Chamberlain 's notorious Tory propagandist , Sir Joseph Ball . Said to be Britain 's first ever spin doctor , they make Alastair Campbell look like a saint .
Ball was a pro-Nazi , pro-appeasement , anti-semitic , former spy who smeared Churchill with dirty tricks . Incredibly , the caption fawns over Hitler and Mussolini for helping Chamberlain ‘ steer Britain towards the port of peace . ' It talks of Chamberlain 's ‘ immensely enhanced prestige in Germany ' and how they had ‘ abundantly fulfilled the hopes of Il Duce . '
YOU can imagine where my headline-grabbing thoughts were heading : ‘ Tory PM lands at Heathrow after crisis talks with German dominated Europe as Conservative spin doctors claim they have saved Britain 's sovereignty . ' Chamberlain ? Or Cameron ?
Cash reads my mind .
‘ I am NOT comparing Cameron to Chamberlain , ' they say emphatically .
Here is how they put it : ‘ Appeasement means to placate . By accepting the EU as it is now , we are placating them . And we know who runs the show . ' [ He means Germany ] ‘ As Churchill said , we should be associated with Europe but not be absorbed by it . '
Infamous : Neville Chamberlain proclaiming 'peace in our time ' in 1938
Cash was one of Margaret Thatcher 's closest confidants and they once asked them to spell out to their pro-EU Cabinet the threat of a German-run Europe .
‘ Tell them what you feel , ' they urged him .
In front them all , Cash said : ‘ You have it tougher than Churchill , Margaret : they only faced bombs and aircraft ; you face bits of paper . '
Cash 's loyal wife Biddy gets cross when people call them a Little Englander : they have campaigned for destitute Indian women ‘ rag pickers ' and against female genital mutilation , they point out , prompting Bob Geldof to joke that Catholic Cash is ‘ second only to the Pope in the aid world ' .
Cash freely admits some critics have called their EU obsession ‘ bonkers ' .
But even the BBC is coming round to their view . ‘ I did an interview with John Humphrys and they said as I left , “ We used to think you were all wrong on Europe , we 're not so certain now . ” '
Lady Thatcher said Cash 's ‘ relentless analysis of EU propaganda was living proof a single MP could change history ' .
They are determined to prove them right in the referendum : ‘ People like my dad died to defend our freedom and democracy .
'It made them look like a butler ' : Retired general blasts President Obama for ordering U.S. Marine to break military rules by holding an umbrella
The President unwittingly forced two U.S Marines to break protocol and regulations as they ordered them to use umbrellas
Former United States Air Force Lieutenant Thomas McInerney criticized the President for making the officers look like butlers
Came as they were assailed by questions over three scandals engulfing White House during Rose Garden press conference with Turkish Prime Minister
Answered questions on Benghazi where no marines guarded ambassador Chris Stevens despite their repeated requests for better protection
President Obama humiliated the marine who they asked to hold their umbrella by making them ‘ look like a butler ' , a respected military general claimed today .
Thomas McInerney , a former United States Air Force Lieutenant General , said that the President showed a ‘ lack of respect ' by making the soldier shelter them from a shower .
They also said that the President has plenty of aides so did not understand why one of them could not have held the umbrella .
Scroll Down for Video
Hoping for a break in the storm : Obama faced a barrage of questions over three simultaneous scandals engulfing their administration
Broken Regulations : US Marines hold umbrellas during light rain for US President Barack Obama and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
The President caused a stir when they summoned over two marines to keep them dry at a press conference in the Rose Garden .
The marines held an umbrella over the President and the Turkish Prime Minister individually as Obama made jokes about the weather .
However , for some the move was not a laughing matter particularly as it is a breach of protocol for marines to hold umbrellas while in uniform .
Lt Gen McInerney told MailOnline that they found it particularly insulting how the President at one point their their hand under the marine 's arm ‘ like they are n't doing a good job or something ' .
They said : ‘ The President has stood in the rain before without an umbrella and a marine would generally stand there without holding an umbrella . '
‘ He is n't some kind of butler or something .
‘ It makes the other guy ( the other marine ) look like a butler too . '
‘ I think it 's a lack of respect for the marine , that 's what I think . '
‘ I do n't understand why one of their aides could not have held the umbrella . The marine is a warrior but the aides are not . '
Lt Gen McInerney , 76 , served in Vietnam and fought with NATO and was commander of the 11th Air Force in Alaska before retiring .
They said : ‘ If I was their ( the marine 's ) commander ... I 'd say good job , you did what they wanted you to do but you ca n't , really they have to keep their comments to themselves because if you say anything you 're going to get in trouble . '
‘ Any time a marine has said something ... one general who spoke out , they got fired , they got canned from their job . '
Lt Gen McInerney also lashed out at the President for not doing enough to support soldiers when they return home from combat . '
They said : ‘ The President talks a good line but they do n't follow a good line . These guys are coming home and they 're not getting what they are supposed to get . '
‘ The guy 's ( Obama ) got to get real and he 's got to start doing stuff the right way and answering questions in the right manner , not changing subject in the middle of the interview . '
A ccording to Marine Corps regulations , not even the President of the United States can request a Marine to carry an umbrella without the express permission of the Commandant of the Marine Corps .
The Marine Corp Manual , which is the bible for all soldiers serving , specifically states that a soldier 's uniform dress code does not allow the carrying of an umbrella and 'no officer or official shall issue instructions which conflict with , alter , or amend any provision without the approval of the Commandant of the Marine Corps . '
Indeed , male Marines are informed never to carry an umbrella from the earliest phases of training .
Regulation MCO P1020.34F of the Marine Corps Uniform Regulations chapter 3 , rules out any use or carrying of an umbrella while a Marine is in uniform .
However , female Marines 'may carry an all-black , plain standard or collapsible umbrella at their option during inclement weather with the service and dress uniforms . It will be carried in the left hand so that the hand salute can be properly rendered . '
Insensitive ? Many have questioned the President 's actions
Rule Breaker : President Barack Obama , center , watches a Marine remove the umbrella after it stopped raining during their joint news conference with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
Many commentators found the use of the marines to be particularly insensitive , given the President was answering questions on Benghazi .
The lack of marines protecting Ambassador Chris Stevens at the Libyan consulate and the failure to deploy marines to protect them amid the outbreak of violence has come under fire ever since last year 's attack on September 11 .
Usually a marine guard would be in force at an overseas diplomatic compound but in Benghazi the government opted to use a private Libyan security team .
Stevens had made repeated appeals for improved security at the Libyan base but to no avail .
Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty were part of a CIA security team stationed a mile away who heard gunshots and intervened to try and help Stevens . They were also killed in an attack on their compound .
When violence broke out there were also delays sending in marines to assist .
A rapid response team were twice told to stand down amid the chaos while reports at the time said the Fleet Antiterrorism Security Team was delayed because the state department ordered them to deplane and change into civilian clothing .
Answering questions on Benghazi , President Obama said the government was ' continuing to review our security at high-threat diplomatic posts ' in light of the attack .
At the press conference originally intended to be a victory lap for the United States ' relationship with Turkey , Obama stood alongside Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdoğan and fielded questions which quickly shifted to the trio of scandals that are engulfing their administration .
Critical : Thomas McInerney , a former United States Air Force Lieutenant General , said that the President showed a ‘ lack of respect '
Admission : Obama admitted that the U.S. needs to 'learn the lessons of Benghazi ' but they called it an 'incident ' rather than a terror attack
They also dodged questions about the IRS 's targeting of conservative groups , and said ' I offer no apologies ' for the Department of Justice 's secret seizure of reporter 's phone records in search of a classified intelligence leak .
They have been under growing pressure over these issues and Benghazi in recent weeks .
It has emerged that their State Department political appointees intervened in the aftermath of the 2012 terror attack , in a process that resulted in a misleading set of talking points which ignored terrorism in favor of a more muted explanation , in the midst of a re-election campaign .
Addressing the Benghazi fallout pre-emptively before Erdoğan spoke , Obama said that ' a t my direction , we 've been taking a series of steps that were recommended by the review board . '
They spoke of various measures they were recommending , to 'learn the lessons of Benghazi . ' But they referred to the murders of four Americans there as an 'incident , ' not a terror attack .
They said : 'That 's why , at my direction , we 've been taking a series of steps that were recommended by the review board after the incident . We 're continuing to review our security at high-threat diplomatic posts , including the size and nature of our presence ; improving training for those headed to dangerous posts ; increasing intelligence and warning capabilities . '
'And I 've directed the Defense Department to ensure that our military can respond lightning quick in times of crisis . '
And their remarks focused on 'properly funding ' the State Department and Pentagon-run security at diplomatic posts , shifting the burden to Congress to 'provide resources and new authorities so that we can implement all the recommendations of the Accountability Review Board which issued a report last month ' .
They said : 'We 're going to need Congress 's help in terms of increasing the number of our Marine Corps Guard who protect our embassies .
'We 're not going to be able to do this alone , ' Obama said . 'We need Congress . '
The review board is under fire for failing to interview high-level Obama administration figures , including then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Interviewing Clinton , Republicans on Capitol Hill have said , would have provided insights into who was accountable for lapses in security that left the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya vulnerable to attack .
The Tea Party Patriots and other conservative groups provided a powerful rallying force during the 2010 midterm elections . It was around the same time that the Obama administration 's IRS began targeting such groups that applied for tax-exempt nonprofit status
But despite Obama 's plea for more funding , money was not an issue in the months before the Benghazi attack when consular officials in Libya asked the State Department for more security forces .
Those requests were repeatedly denied , and neither Hillary Clinton nor other State Department officials have raised a lack of funding as the reason more special forces were not on the scene .
On the night of the Benghazi attack , the State Department refused to authorize an existing special forces team in the Libyan capital city of Tripoli to board a military C-130 plane headed to Benghazi , despite their readiness to intervene .
The Obama administration said later that the decision was made because the forces would not have arrived at the consulate , which was under attack , in time to make a difference .
The State Department has been silent on the question of how it knew how long the armed , military-style assault from Islamist terror groups would last .
Obama addressed the need to for `` increasing intelligence and warning capabilities ' at 'diplomatic posts around the world , ' and asked Congress for money to 'increase the Marine Corps contingents ' at State Department facilities .
On the IRS scandal , Obama said they knew nothing of what was going on .
'My main concern is fixing a problem , ' Obama said .
'It is just simply unacceptable for there to be even a hint of partisanship ' in the IRS .
Barack Obama ( R ) and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdoğan hold a joint news conference in the White House Rose Garden , but most of the focus was on three unfolding White House scandals
They also expressed 'complete confidence ' in Attorney General Eric Holder , whose Justice Department deputies saw two months of phone records from Associated Press reporters and editors .
Holder has told Congress they recused themselves from the investigation , but admitted Wednesday during a Capitol Hill hearing that they failed to put that recusal in writing .
The investigation centered on a secret CIA operation in Yemen that foiled a terror plot to blow up a U.S.-bound airliner .
AP were believed to have received a leak of information from a government source .
'Leaks related to national security can put people at risk , ' Obama said .
' I offer no apologies ' for putting a high premium on national security , they said , while also allowing that the First Amendment 's press freedoms are important to them philosophically .
Despite the wide range of topics up for discussion it is the umbrella incident which certainly captured chatter online .
A mock Twitter account was set up for the marine involved while numerous videos appeared online poking fun at the issue .
It does n't rain it ... Air Force One Staff Sergeant Brian Barnett is pictured following behind the President with an umbrella as they board Air Force One in 2011
Keeping dry : Many different individuals have held umbrellas for the commander in chief
Not singing in the rain : President Obama was pictured struggling with an umbrella themselves in New Orleans in 2010 but they managed to laugh at themselves moments later
It is not the first time Obama has struggled when it comes to keeping dry .
Often assistants are on hand to offer the President cover - be it leaving a car or embarking Air Force One .
On one occasion the President 's own struggles navigating an umbrella showed why .
They managed to smile for cameras in 2010 when they got in a muddle trying to get an umbrella over a fence .
Token Authentication and Authorization with GraphQL and Django
I 've enjoyed playing around with GraphQL . The GraphiQL in-browser IDE makes it easy to iterate on query . Graphene and its associated plugins make it easier to integrate GraphQL with Django applications , and with the recent 2.0 update seemingly making things a little more intuitive in more complex use cases , I 've been experimenting with adding a GraphQL API to existing Django projects . The graphene documentation provides solutions for a handful of Django authorization scenarios , but does n't cover how to integrate with any authentication methods beyond the standard Django LoginRequiredMixin . This is nice for a web application , but what if I want to add GraphQL to ( and , presumably , eventually replace ) some REST backend API ?
In my case , I wanted to use my existing Django Rest Framework ( DRF ) Token authentication endpoints alongside GraphQL . I 'll be using a class-based view approach for Django , DRF , and Graphene .
Authentication
To implement the necessary authentication endpoints , let 's just follow the DRF documentation . I prefer to isolate authentication in a seperate Django app . Per the DRF docs , this app includes the following files :
# authentication/models.py from django.conf import settings from django.db.models.signals import post_save from django.dispatch import receiver from rest_framework.authtoken.models import Token @ receiver ( post_save , sender = settings . AUTH_USER_MODEL ) def create_auth_token ( sender , instance = None , created = False , * * kwargs ) : if created : Token . objects . create ( user = instance )
The provided ObtainAuthToken view , by default , returns a JSON response containing the token , but this class can be extended to implement a custom response if more information is necessary to the client :
# authentication/views.py from rest_framework.authtoken.views import ObtainAuthToken from rest_framework.response import Response from rest_framework.authtoken.models import Token from users.serializers import UserSerializer class CustomObtainAuthToken ( ObtainAuthToken ) : def post ( self , request , * args , * * kwargs ) : serializer = self . serializer_class ( data = request . data ) serializer . is_valid ( raise_exception = True ) user = serializer . validated_data [ 'user ' ] token , created = Token . objects . get_or_create ( user = user ) user_serializer = UserSerializer ( user ) return Response ( { 'token ' : token . key , 'user ' : user_serializer . data } )
GraphQL
Credit to those involved in this discussion for this solution .
The key step in allowing for token-based authentication and proper authorization is extending the graphene-django GraphQLView , the built-in class-based view . By default , our GraphQL endpoint is exposed , and we need to add the necessary permissions and mechanisms for a token-based approach . This can be done with DRF 's decorators :
from graphene_django.views import GraphQLView from rest_framework.permissions import IsAuthenticated from rest_framework.authentication import TokenAuthentication from rest_framework.decorators import authentication_classes , permission_classes , api_view class DRFAuthenticatedGraphQLView ( GraphQLView ) : # custom view for using DRF TokenAuthentication with graphene GraphQL.as_view ( ) # all requests to Graphql endpoint will require token for auth , obtained from DRF endpoint # https : //github.com/graphql-python/graphene/issues/249 @ classmethod def as_view ( cls , * args , * * kwargs ) : view = super ( DRFAuthenticatedGraphQLView , cls ) . as_view ( * args , * * kwargs ) view = permission_classes ( ( IsAuthenticated , ) ) ( view ) view = authentication_classes ( ( TokenAuthentication , ) ) ( view ) view = api_view ( [ 'POST ' ] ) ( view ) return view
Hook this up via urls.py . Then , when hitting the GraphQL endpoint with the GraphQL client of choice , include the token in the Authorization header . For example , with the Apollo GraphQL client , configure the networkInterface to use the appropriate header :
// assuming a our DRFAuthenticatedGraphQLView is exposed at /graphql const networkInterface = createNetworkInterface ( { uri : 'http : //localhost:8000/graphql ' } ) ; const authMiddleware = { applyMiddleware ( req , next ) { if ( ! req . options . headers ) { req . options . headers = { } ; // create headers object if needed } req . options . headers [ 'authorization ' ] = getToken ( ) ; } , } ; networkInterface . use ( [ authMiddleware ] ) ; const apolloClient = new ApolloClient ( { networkInterface , } ) ;
This post is mostly for my own reference , and any feedback or suggestions more than welcome .
Saved By The Bell 's Screech Heading To Prison By Corey Chichizola Random Article Blend
Last Christmas , Dustin Diamond
At some point , an altercation began at the bar and Dustin Diamond felt the need to protect both themselves and their partner . Diamond apparently brandished a pocket knife they had on their person in an attempt to frighten off the assailant . There were also reports that Diamond 's girlfriend was punched in the face , which helped to escalate the conflict , and Diamond 's reaction . While originally attempting to scare away the troublemakers , their weapon eventually ended up harming a patron named Casey Smet .
Original rumors reported that Casey Smet has been killed by Dustin Diamond during the confrontation , which turned out to be false . Indeed , Smet said in their testimony that they did n't even realize they were cut until after the confrontation ended .
Dustin Diamond has been convicted of carrying a concealed weapon , as well as disorderly conduct regarding this confrontation , and will be facing a four-month prison sentence for their crimes . Both of these charges are technically misdemeanors , and it is likely that , with good behavior , Diamond may not have to serve the duration of theirs penalty .
The 38 year old actor first came into the spotlight with their performance as Screech in 90 's sitcom Saved By The Bell . Screech was one of the most beloved characters in the series , with their nerdy and bumbling attempts at coolness , and the heart of fashionista Lisa capturing the hearts of the audience . Dustin Diamond would reprise their role in every incarnation of Saved By The Bell , including both spin-offs and
Saved By The Bell has proven to be Dustin Diamond 's main claim to fame , which they would go onto utilize in whatever way possible . They wrote a semi-fictional memoir
For once , I do n't think Dustin Diamond especially messed up here . While you should avoid stabbing people as a rule , a pocketknife is n't exactly a deadly weapon . Then again , if you had any level of celebrity , even Diamond 's E-lister status , you should probably avoid physical altercations in bars . Just a thought . Looks like there 's no saving Screech from the prison bell . After almost a year after the incident that landed them in hot water , actor Dustin Diamond will begin their short prison sentence in January.Last Christmas , Dustin Diamond reportedly had an altercation with a man at a local bar in Port Washington , Wisconsin . Diamond and their girlfriend , were attending a bar on Christmas Day of last year , when the other patrons apparently recognized Diamond for their work on Saved By The Bell . While some fans were taking pictures with Diamond and shaking their hand , apparently other guests of the bar grew increasingly annoyed and angered by Screech 's presence.At some point , an altercation began at the bar and Dustin Diamond felt the need to protect both themselves and their partner . Diamond apparently brandished a pocket knife they had on their person in an attempt to frighten off the assailant . There were also reports that Diamond 's girlfriend was punched in the face , which helped to escalate the conflict , and Diamond 's reaction . While originally attempting to scare away the troublemakers , their weapon eventually ended up harming a patron named Casey Smet.Original rumors reported that Casey Smet has been killed by Dustin Diamond during the confrontation , which turned out to be false . Indeed , Smet said in their testimony that they did n't even realize they were cut until after the confrontation ended.Dustin Diamond has been convicted of carrying a concealed weapon , as well as disorderly conduct regarding this confrontation , and will be facing a four-month prison sentence for their crimes . Both of these charges are technically misdemeanors , and it is likely that , with good behavior , Diamond may not have to serve the duration of their penalty.The 38 year old actor first came into the spotlight with their performance as Screech in 90 's sitcom Saved By The Bell . Screech was one of the most beloved characters in the series , with their nerdy and bumbling attempts at coolness , and the heart of fashionista Lisa capturing the hearts of the audience . Dustin Diamond would reprise their role in every incarnation of Saved By The Bell , including both spin-offs and made-for-tv movies . This was also a star-making moment for their co-stars who would all move on to less than ideal careers , with the exception being Mario Lopez.Saved By The Bell has proven to be Dustin Diamond 's main claim to fame , which they would go onto utilize in whatever way possible . They wrote a semi-fictional memoir Behind The Bell which recounted fabricated experiences on the set of the sitcom , and was adapted for a TV movie . Additionally , they were billed as the star of an adult film called Screeched- Saved By The Smell , once again capitalizing on their following as a child actor . It turned out neither of these were their own work , as Diamond reported they used a ghostwriter and body double respectively.For once , I do n't think Dustin Diamond especially messed up here . While you should avoid stabbing people as a rule , a pocketknife is n't exactly a deadly weapon . Then again , if you had any level of celebrity , even Diamond 's E-lister status , you should probably avoid physical altercations in bars . Just a thought . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The pirates still operating off the coast of Somalia have a relatively sophisticated PR machine , which includes spokespeople and a form letter to victims , politely explaining what they need to do to get their ship back .
The letter could use some editing , however . shipowners hijacked by one group of pirates calling itself `` Jamal 's Pirate Action Group '' receive a form letter on letterhead adorned with a skull and crossed swords , which starts out with this greeting : `` Congratulations to the Company/Owner , '' according to Reuters ' Ben Berkowitz , who has the exclusive report on the pirates ' personalized stationery and form letter . The rest of the missive strikes an equally jarring tone , partly for their overly polite appeal and partly for the poor translation into English . Reuters shared this copy of the letter with The Atlantic Wire :
As the military-chronicling site Strategy Page reports , times are tough for Somali pirates . The last ship they took was a fishing boat on June 19 , and the last attack on June 25 was thwarted . According to Berkowitz 's report , `` the maritime bureau reported 69 hijacking incidents by Somali pirates between Jan. 1 and July 12 , down 32 percent from last year . '' So pirates need to make the most of the ships they capture , and the letterhead helps them do that by professionalizing the process .
Nuclear town on fire . Picture : Accidents Zheleznogorsk
The shoking pictures in Zheleznogorsk - a high-security closed nuclear town in Krasnoyarsk region - shows fires close to residential areas .
Citizens of the Siberian town , established in 1950 for the production of weapons-grade plutonium , took to social media to say they were choking from wildfire smoke .
Streets were covered with thick haze after woodland caught fire .
The strong smell of smoke was felt inside flats and houses .
Streets were covered with thick haze after woodland caught fire . Pictures : Accidents Zheleznogorsk
Pictures that were exchanged in the local 'Accidents Zheleznogorsk ' community showed how close the fire was to living areas .
Zheleznogorsk , also known as Atom town and Iron City is 62 kilometres north-east of regional capital Krasnoyarsk .
It is understood there is no immediate threat to the nuclear plants in the town .
'All details about the fires are in Moscow , as Zheleznogorsk is closed city and it does n't report to us ' , a journalist from TVK6 , a Krasnoyarsk-based TV company , was told by the local Ministry of Emergencies .
Wildfires engulfed an area of 400 hectares . Pictures : Accidents Zheleznogorsk
A local newspaper reported that wildfires engulfed an area of 400 hectares , apparently starting from dry grass catching fire .
Fire brigades had to make more than 30 trips to stop the flames spreading further .
Latest reports say the situation is 'normal ' , although nearby Krasnoyarsk announced regime of 'unfavourable meteorological conditions ' because of heavy smoke coming from Zheleznogorsk .
AP Photo Pelosi : Comey should publicly reject Trump wiretapping claims
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Friday that FBI Director James Comey should publicly disavow President Donald Trump 's claim that their predecessor , Barack Obama , wiretapped their campaign headquarters .
“ Theoretically , do I think that a director of the FBI who knows for a fact that something is mythology but misleading to the American people and they should set the record straight ? ” Pelosi said , responding to a question at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast forum . “ Yes , I do think they should say that publicly . ”
Story Continued Below
Pelosi treaded gingerly around the topic of Russia 's alleged connections to Trump 's associates , emphasizing that they could n't disclose information she 'd learned in classified briefings .
“ Maybe in a short period of time much more will be in the public domain , ” they said .
Pelosi reiterated their call for an independent commission to investigate Russia 's meddling in the 2016 election in support of Trump 's campaign and whether Trump associates colluded with them .
In a brief interview with CNN , fellow California Democrat Adam Schiff , the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee , suggested that Comey should be prepared to clear up the wiretapping allegation when they testify before the House panel on March 20 .
“ I do n't see any reason why they ca n't answer it , ” Schiff said . “ He may even welcome the opportunity . ”
Nolan D. McCaskill contributed to this report .
01:28 Why Parents Forget Their Child in Hot Car Each year during the summer we hear of children dying in a hot vehicle . How can parents forget their child , and what you you do to make sure it never happens to you ?
At a Glance Parts of the Pacific Northwest and California will bake in a heat wave into next week .
The worst of the heat in the Pacific Northwest will occur through Friday .
Smoke kept temperatures away from all-time records on Thursday .
A blistering heat wave will sear the Northwest into next week , setting daily record highs .
Why the Heat Wave ?
Temperatures have climbed due to a large ridge of high pressure aloft in the West , pushing the jet stream well into northern British Columbia .
Near this expansive , bulging high , sinking air will minimize cloud cover and allow temperatures to soar to the record values detailed above .
( MORE : August Temperature Outlook )
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/record_heat_setup_0.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/record_heat_setup_0.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/record_heat_setup_0.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > A ridge of high pressure will bring summer heat for the early part of August in the West .
A Few Tips to Beat the Heat
Remember to stay hydrated even if you do n't feel thirsty .
Wear light-colored clothing to stay cool .
Take breaks if you must be outside , and find shade when you feel hot .
Always `` look before you lock '' your car to make sure you have n't left your kids or furry friends in the backseat .
Check up on your friends and neighbors that may be more susceptible to summer heat .
( MORE : 4 Things Extreme Heat Does to Your Body )
Recap : Record Highs This Week
Several daily record highs were set Thursday , Aug. 2 , including : Medford , Oregon ( 109 degrees ) , The Dalles ( 108 degrees ) , Portland , Oregon ( 103 degrees ) , Eugene , Oregon ( 102 degrees ) , Olympia , Washington ( 96 degrees ) , Seattle ( 94 degrees ) , Santa Maria , California ( 88 degrees ) .
Smoke covering much of the region kept temperatures below all-time record levels on Thursday .
Dozens of daily record highs were set Wednesday , Aug. 2 , including : Portland , Oregon ( 103 degrees ) , Medford , Oregon ( 112 degrees ) , Salem , Oregon ( 107 degrees ) , Eugene , Oregon ( 102 degrees ) , Seattle ( 91 degrees ) , Quillayute , Washington ( 98 degrees ) and Reno , Nevada ( 104 degrees ) .
The 107-degree high in Salem , Oregon , Wednesday was only 1 degree shy of the all-time record high of 108 degrees , set most recently on Aug. 9 , 1981 . In addition , Quillayute , Washington , reached its second-hottest temperature on record Wednesday with a high of 98 degrees .
Several daily record highs were set Tuesday , Aug. 1 , including : Medford , Oregon ( 110 degrees ) , Montague , California ( 107 degrees ) , Reno , Nevada ( 103 degrees - tied ) , Salem , Oregon ( 101 degrees ) , and Mt . Shasta City , California ( 100 degrees ) .
MORE ON WEATHER.COM : Northwest Heat Wave
​Image : Flickr/Frédéric BISSON
​When it comes to transparency , a new report suggests that Canadian internet providers are lagging behind their US counterparts and others worldwide , which have become increasingly forthcoming in terms of what they know about who is scooping up user data and how .
The report , from researchers at the university-led New Transparency Project , rated 43 internet companies based on ten criteria that included : whether or not they 've publicly committed to comply with Canadian privacy laws , how open they are about the data they give to law enforcement , and if they tell customers whether or not their data is routed through the US—where it lies outside Canadian protections on personal data .
The results were n't great .
The companies in the report included Canadian internet providers both big and small , as well as foreign `` transit carriers '' that work behind the scenes to route Canadian traffic through US networks such as AT & T . Of all these companies , the highest scorer was Teksavvy , an independent internet service provider in Ontario . It got five stars out of a possible ten .
`` After the Snowden revelations , Microsoft , AT & T , and so on were all shown to be working closely with the NSA , and they 've suffered reputational damage that they 're trying to repair by getting stars on these kinds of reports , '' said Andrew Clement , a professor at the University of Toronto and one of the report 's authors . `` We 're trying to get Canadian carriers to follow suit , while recognizing full well that this only touches the surface and that what they 're doing behind the scenes and the arrangements they have with security agencies is far more concerning—we just do n't have access to that . ''
`` We 're trying to flush them out , '' Clement continued .
So , what can Canadian companies do to get more stars ? For a start , they could issue annual transparency reports . So far , only a handful of companies in Canada issue such reports , such as Rogers and Teksavvy , but not Bell . Parallel initiatives in the US , such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's `` Who 's Got Your Back ? '' rating system , have resulted in greater consumer accountability on the privacy front , Clement said .
In addition , Canadian companies could be more proactive about informing customers when their data has been requested by a third party , instead of placing the onus on users to ask , as is currently the case . OpenMedia , a Canadian telecommunications advocacy group , has even started a site to help citizens file such requests .
The report is timely in light of the national debate surrounding Bill C-51 , a bill considered by many to be dangerously overbroad in the legal allowances it gives spies to do their jobs ; over and over , it states that they can do `` any thing . '' The bill was proposed by the country 's incumbent Conservative party , supported by the opposition Liberal party , and it appears likely that the bill will pass .
`` Telecom carriers need to be out there demonstrating that they 're concerned about their subscribers privacy , and resist the encroachments of secret surveillance—secret to the extent that we do n't know anything about what 's being done , how it 's justified , and what the accountabilities are , '' said Clement . `` It 's really quite worrisome . Telecom companies should be seen as advocates for privacy . ''
The crux of this matter , Clement said , is the idea of Canadian data sovereignty . Once data is routed through the US , it falls outside of Canadian law under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( PIPEDA ) , which places limits on what kinds of personal data can be collected and how .
The real trick , beyond being more transparent about where data is routed , Clement said , is to keep it inside Canada in the first place .
`` Basically , Canadians have no protections against the NSA and GCHQ and so on , '' they said . `` As we show in the report , traffic from Toronto going back into Toronto goes through New York . It 's quite egregious from a technical and economic point of view—the game the carriers play . ''
`` I 'm hoping Canadians will become more aware of how the internet works from that point of view , and the risks they are exposed to due to these backroom deals between the carriers and security agencies . ''
With legislation such as Bill C-51 , and the surreptitious activities of its security agencies , Canada is edging closer to a troubling new age of surveillance—and it 's more important than ever that the internet companies be transparent about how their data is used .
1 . Meg Ryan , When Harry Met Sally
Sure , it 's not a real onscreen orgasm , but what the hell . In Rob Reiner 's 1989 rom-com classic , penned by the late , great Nora Ephron , Harry Burns ( Billy Crystal ) and Sally Albright ( Meg Ryan ) are longtime friends who keep bumping into each other over the years . Both are terribly unlucky in love , and they 're clearly attracted to each other . One of their flirtatious episodes takes place at Katz 's Deli in Manhattan . Harry is convinced that they know when a woman is faking an orgasm . Sally calls bullshit , and has the pipes to prove it . And the rest is history .
2 . Kim Cattrall , Porky 's
Before they plowed through half of Manhattan on the acclaimed HBO series Sex and the City , Kim Cattrall portrayed Lynn “ Lassie ” Honeywell , a randy cheerleader , in the 1982 comedy Porky 's . And it was n't just a clever name . The “ Lassie ” was because they howled like a woman possessed during sex , and the “ Honeywell , ” well , that 's self-explanatory .
3 . Kevin Kline , A Fish Called Wanda
Kevin Kline won the Best Supporting Actor Oscar for their hilarious turn as Otto , an Anglophobe crook , in this 1988 comedy . While searching through their mark 's apartment , Otto seduces their partner in crime , Wanda ( Jamie Lee Curtis ) , by speaking Italian . And when they climax , they exhibit the most ridiculously funny orgasm face in movie history .
4 . Natalie Portman , Black Swan
Nina ( Natalie Portman ) and Lily ( Mila Kunis ) are two dancers vying for the lead role in a prestigious New York ballet company 's rendition of Swan Lake . One night , Lily invites Nina for a wild night on the town . The two take Ecstasy and eventually end up back at Nina 's mother 's apartment , where Lily performs oral sex on the rigid Nina . During the act , Nina experiences weird visions , including the angel wing tattoos on Lily 's shoulder blades moving .
5 . Mark Wahlberg & Julianne Moore , Boogie Nights
Eddie Adams ( Mark Wahlberg ) is a lowly dishwasher in the 1970s Los Angeles . But they have a gift : a gigantic penis . Smut honcho Jack Horner eventually recruits them to perform in porno films , and Eddie assumes the name Dirk Diggler . In their first scene , they have intense sex with porn star Amber Waves ( Julianne Moore ) , who 's a mother figure of sorts to him .
6 . Ben Stiller , There 's Something About Mary
Hair gel . In 1985 , nerdy Ted ( Ben Stiller ) somehow lands a prom date with Mary ( Cameron Diaz ) , the hottest girl in school . But it 's cut short after a painful accident . Thirteen years later , they track them down in Miami and convinces them to go on a date with him . He 's nervous as hell . Their best friend , Dom ( Chris Elliott ) , convinces them to crank it before the date to alleviate the pressure . And the “ result ” ends up in…a very unexpected place .
7 . `` Fifteen , '' Amélie
In this 2001 French classic , Amélie Poulain ( Audrey Tautou ) is an eccentric young woman with cute bangs and a very active imagination . To pass the time , they amuse themselves with silly questions like “ How many couples are having an orgasm now ? ” So , as she 's perched on their balcony overlooking Paris , we 're treated to a fantastic montage of animated climaxes . “ Fifteen , ” they count .
8 . Jane Fonda , Barbarella
In Roger Vadim 's relentlessly cheesy and fun 1968 sci-fi film , Barbarella ( Jane Fonda , peak hotness ) is an agent assigned by the Earth 's president to embark on a dangerous mission to retriev Doctor Durand Durand from the Tau Ceti region . At one point , they are captured and placed in the Excessive Machine—a device designed by Durand that stimulates a woman until they die of pleasure . But the Excessive Machine ai n't got nothing on Fonda .
9 . Joan Allen , Pleasantville
In Gary Ross 's underrated 1998 fantasy-drama , David ( Tobey Maguire ) and Jennifer ( Reese Witherspoon ) are two modern-day teens who are transported inside the world of Pleasantville , a 1958 black-and-white sitcom centered on the idyllic Parker family . Since it 's a 1958 TV show , none of the characters are experienced when it comes to sex—especially Betty Parker ( Joan Allen ) , the family mom . So Jennifer fills them in on the art of self-stimulation , and the results are fiery-hot .
10 . Diane Keaton , Sleeper
Woody Allen 's 1973 sci-fi comedy centers on Miles Monroe ( Allen ) , a jazz musician who is cryopreserved—against their will—and awakens 200 years later . They eventually find work as a butler in the home of Luna ( Diane Keaton ) . In Allen 's future , everyone is either sexually unawakened or impotent , and to climax , couples merely get inside the cylindrical Orgasmatron , which brings them to orgasm in a matter of seconds .
And the Worst…
Katherine Heigl , The Ugly Truth
I 'll leave this one to Heigl 's Knocked Up director , Judd Apatow , who ripped them a new one after they trashed the film that made them a star for its apparent sexist attitude toward women : “ I hear there 's a scene where she 's wearing ... underwear…with a vibrator in it , so I 'd have to see if that was uplifting for women . ”
The Government has insisted after the unexpected defeat of the Seanad referendum that it will press ahead with its plans for a raft of constitutional reforms .
The Coalition has also signalled that it will examine an overhaul of the Seanad in the wake of the people 's decision to keep the Upper House . This was something it refused to grant in the referendum itself , which was cast as a choice between abolition or retention .
While another referendum would be required to execute an appreciable overhaul of the chamber , serious doubt is being expressed in Fine Gael circles as to whether there would be any appetite in the remainder of the Government 's term to go to the people on that question .
The abolition proposal was championed by Taoiseach Enda Kenny and its defeat , with 51.7 per cent of voters in favour of retaining the House , is seen as a big setback for him . TDs said privately over the weekend that Mr Kenny was likely to hear complaints about the conduct of the referendum campaign when the Fine Gael parliamentary party gathers for its weekly meeting on Wednesday .
Low turnout
With turnout low at 39.17 per cent , the result came as a surprise to both the Yes and No campaigns as a succession of opinion polls had pointed to a consistent majority for abolition . At the same time , a 65.2 per cent majority voted to establish a new Court of Appeal .
Questions are now being asked in Coalition circles as to whether the outcome might lead to a re-examination of plans for a “ Constitution day ” of simultaneous referendums on a package of changes originating from the Constitutional Convention .
Although senior Coalition figures see a requirement to take stock in the wake of the referendum , a Government spokesperson said its plans for political reform would not be derailed .
The spokesperson said : “ The Government remains determined to continue with its reform agenda , to build on the reforms already introduced , to take stock of the decision of the people in relation to the Seanad and to consider carefully , in a consultative manner , potential options for reform of that institution . ”
Fine Gael TDs had been told ahead of the last week 's vote to expect a “ Constitution day ” initiative some time in 2015 . This reflects the view that politics in 2014 will be dominated by local and European elections .
Even before the Seanad poll , however , there was doubt in Government circles about the merits and feasibility of the convention 's proposals to lower the voting age to 16 and expand the franchise in presidential elections to citizens living abroad .
Getty Images
Apple offered to help the FBI with an encrypted phone belonging to Texas church shooter Devin Patrick Kelley after learning the bureau was having trouble getting into the device .
The company said its overture came after it learned of the FBI 's failed efforts to access the handset 's data during a press conference this week . It was n't immediately clear what model of phone was recovered from Kelley , who committed suicide after killing 26 people and injuring 20 more at a Texas church on Sunday .
`` Our team immediately reached out to the FBI after learning from their press conference on Tuesday that investigators were trying to access a mobile phone , '' Apple said in a statement Wednesday . `` We offered assistance and said we would expedite any legal process they send us . ''
Now playing : Watch this : Apple offered FBI help in Texas church shooting
Apple and the FBI have had tense relations since a bureau investigation into a terror attack in San Bernardino , California , in December 2015 . In that case , the US Department of Justice sought a court order to force Apple to write software that would unlock the shooter 's iPhone C without the passcode . The Justice Department dropped the case after a contractor it hired found a way to unlock the phone without Apple 's help .
Apple said it works with law enforcement every day , offering training to agents on the devices and how to quickly request information from Apple .
The company wo n't give law enforcement officials the tools to unlock the phone , but it will provide iCloud data when compelled by a court order .
It was n't immediately clear if the FBI would take Apple up on its offer . Representatives for the FBI and Justice Department did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
Solving for XX : The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about `` women in tech . ''
Special Reports : All of CNET 's most in-depth features in one easy spot .
Drivers frustrated by traffic problems trapping them in Suffolk Retail Park for more than an hour
Suffolk Retail Park Archant
Drivers are being frustrated by mystery traffic problems which have left a retail park gridlocked .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
A aerial view of Suffolk Retail Park , just off London Road in Ipswich . Photo : Owen Hines A aerial view of Suffolk Retail Park , just off London Road in Ipswich . Photo : Owen Hines
Drivers trying to leave the Suffolk Retail Park , just off London Road in Ipswich , have reported having such a hard time doing so they have moved just a few yards in more than an hour .
Those in the car park are also struggling to see what is happening to bring the traffic to a standstill .
Robert Richardson is trapped in the car park and between 1.15pm and 2.45pm moved just five car lengths from their parking spot towards the exit .
“ This is appalling to be honest , ” they said . “ There 's people still trying to get in . One lady has been here since 1pm .
“ Nobody 's giving way to anyone . It needs someone to take responsibility for the situation . ”
Mr Richardson says they normally drive to Norwich when going out shopping with their wife but had been “ pleasantly surprised ” by Ipswich until the traffic problems struck .
“ People feel intimidated , ” they added . “ I this is a common occurrence you 'd have thought all the stores them would have kicked off about it .
“ It 's just mad . ”
Are you caught up in the traffic problems ? How long have you been stuck there ? Email newsroom @ archant.co.uk
The rosé is produced from the vineyard attached to the couple 's French estate , Château Miraval . Andreas Rentz/Getty Because everything they do is perfect and a success , naturally Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 's new Rosé Miraval wine was included in Wine Spectator 's 100 Top Wines of the Year .
While it ranked No.84 overall , it won the top spot among Rosé wines .
The wine — produced from the vineyard attached to the couple 's French estate , Château Miraval — retails for just $ 25 .
Wine Spectator describes the Jolie-Pitt offering as : `` Refined and elegant , offering pure and concentrated flavors of dried red berry , tangerine and melon . The focused finish features flint and spice notes , with a hint of cream . ''
The rosé just debuted in March and is a collaboration between the Hollywood couple and veteran winemakers , the Perrin family .
`` We are intimately involved and quite enthused over the wine project with our friends the Perrin family , '' Pitt stated earlier this year .
When Brangelina 's wine first went on sale , 6,000 bottles of their Miraval Rosé 2012 sold out in only a few hours .
Today , Rosé Miraval is readily available most everywhere wine is sold :
The Weyauwega derailment was a railroad accident that occurred in Weyauwega , Wisconsin , USA , in the early morning hours of March 4 , 1996 . The derailed train was carrying a large quantity of hazardous material , which immediately caught fire . The fire , which involved the train cars and an adjacent feed mill , burned for more than two weeks after the actual derailment , resulting in the emergency evacuation of 2,300 people for 16 days , including the entire city of Weyauwega , with about 1,700 evacuees .
Derailment and fire [ edit ]
At approximately 5:49 am , an 81-car Wisconsin Central train traveling from Stevens Point , Wisconsin , to Neenah , Wisconsin , approached the city of Weyauwega at 48.3 miles per hour ( 77.7 km/h ) , traveling on a downward grade . The locomotives and the first 16 cars of the train passed a switch without incident , after which 37 cars behind them derailed at the location of the switch , at 5:49:32 AM . A subsequent NTSB investigation found the cause of the derailment to be a broken rail within the switch that was the result of an undetected bolthole fracture . [ 1 ] The derailed cars included seven tank cars of liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) , seven tank cars of propane and two tank cars of sodium hydroxide . The derailment ruptured three of the tank cars , spilling both LPG and propane , which immediately ignited . The conductor of the train cut the train after the first nine cars , and proceeded onward 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) . They informed local law enforcement of the hazardous material the train was carrying , and was instructed to tell the fire chief .
When the local fire crew arrived on the scene five minutes after the derailment , fireballs were exploding up to 300 feet ( 90 m ) high that were visible for nearly 13 miles ( 21 km ) . Fire spread to a nearby feed mill and storage building that were both difficult to access by the fire crew because the derailed train was blocking the grade crossing . High tension power lines were also torn down by the derailment , which caused secondary electrical fires . In total , seven of the tank cars of LPG and propane leaked , and the two sodium hydroxide tank cars leaked their contents . Electricity and natural gas service to 25 % of the city of Weyauwega was disrupted , and city water services had to be shut off because of a rupture in a water main .
Jim Baehnman , the assistant fire chief ( the commanding Fire Chief , Gary Hecker , was on vacation the day of the accident ) quickly determined that the accident was beyond the scope of Weyauwega 's fire department . Fire crews from 10 surrounding departments were called in to help with the recovery . Between 10 minutes and one hour after the derailment , it became known that propane and LPG were involved in this derailment .
One hour after the derailment , Wisconsin Central Railroad informed responding firefighters that the tank cars could withstand approximately 90 minutes of fire . Additionally , the head end of the train was rolled back to the accident scene , and pulled away seven cars of the train that were not derailed . At this point , a decision was made by the fire chief to pull firefighters back from the derailment , because of the risk of a BLEVE ( boiling liquid expanding vapor explosion ) . This evacuation of personnel was two blocks for one hour , then 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) , and finally 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) ; the initial evacuation was completed so quickly that fire hoses in use were abandoned and froze where they lay .
Derailed cars in the western section of the accident site
Looking east at the site of the derailment from Mill St .
Baehnman also made the decision to evacuate the entire city of Weyauwega , a decision which displaced approximately 1,700 residents of the city , and 600 additional people in surrounding rural areas . The scope of the resulting fire and leaking of chemicals kept residents evacuated for just over two weeks , and many of the fires that erupted as a result of the derailment burned for most of the 16-day evacuation .
The weather may have helped ease the situation for firefighters ; the ambient temperature at the time of the derailment was only 10 °F ( −12 °C ) and there was still snow on the ground . Both factors may have helped prevent a BLEVE explosion within the first hour of the disaster , while emergency personnel were still on site . Ultimately , one of the cars containing LPG was involved in a BLEVE , causing a large fireball several hours after the accident . On March 20 , officials in charge of the evacuation and disaster recovery declared the town safe for residents to return .
WC 6525 , the lead locomotive of the train involved in the accident was eventually renumbered WC 7525 . It is now owned by the Illinois Railway Museum and is on display there . It is occasionally used for special events hosted by the museum .
Pets in the evacuation zone [ edit ]
Residents who were worried about pets that they left behind started re-entering the 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) evacuation zone within two days of the derailment to rescue them . Just over half the population evacuated without their pets . The acting fire chief declared the situation too dangerous to the public and emergency personnel to mount a pet rescue . Fearing a worse disaster , their decision was overruled by the Governor 's office ; the Emergency Operations Center organized an official pet rescue to take place on March 8 . The National Guard was activated to help with the recovery efforts . Using flak jackets and armored personnel carriers , they escorted pet owners to their residences to rescue their pets , [ 2 ] then stayed to help fire crews with the accident recovery .
Cause [ edit ]
Subsequent investigation and litigation established that the derailment was caused by an undetected , fractured heel block in a switch . The fracture then propagated through several boltholes . A contributing factor was a lock bar that had been missing for approximately a year . [ 3 ]
Litigation and costs [ edit ]
Nine individuals who were affected by the evacuation filed a class action suit seeking punitive and treble damages against Wisconsin Central on March 26 , 1996 . By the end of the year , 13 additional families and two businesses joined the suit against the railroad , and another business filed a separate suit for damages in Waupaca County District Court . [ 4 ] Another company filed a separate suit in U.S. District Court for damages . Both of the separate suits were eventually dismissed . In 1998 , the railroad estimated the costs from the derailment and class action suit to be valued at $ 28 million , of which Wisconsin Central had paid $ 27.2 million by the end of 1998 . [ 5 ]
Track circuits [ edit ]
Track circuits can detect some but not all broken rails . Broken rails in switches may be in parallel paths , which can not be detected . Breaks that are not clean breaks from top to bottom of the rail also can not be detected . Wiring at the start and finish of track circuits are connected a short distance from the end of the rails , so that there is a blind spot within which broken rails are not detected .
A deal on the construction of Vietnam 's first nuclear power plant will be signed during Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's visit to Hanoi .
A deal on the construction of Vietnam 's first nuclear power plant will be signed during Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's visit to Hanoi , an aide to the Russian leader said .
Medvedev arrived to Hanoi on Saturday to attend the Russia-ASEAN summit in Vietnam .
`` Among the most important documents [ to be signed ] is an inter-governmental agreement on cooperation in building a nuclear power plant in Vietnam , '' Sergei Prikhodko said ahead of the visit .
Vietnam plans to build eight nuclear power plants in five provinces by 2030 , with a total capacity of 15 GW , or 10 % of all electricity produced in the country . Each NPP would have from four to six generating units .
In December 2009 , the heads of Russia 's state-run nuclear corporation Rosatom and Vietnam 's electricity corporation EVN , Sergei Kiriyenko and Pham Le Thanh , signed a memo of understanding assisting Vietnam in building its first nuclear power plant , with a capacity of 1GW .
Moscow pledged to provide Vietam with a loan for the construction .
During the Russian leader 's visit , a memorandum of understanding between Russian energy ministry and Vietnam 's industry ministry will also be signed . The document says that Russian-British joint venture TNK-BP will buy BP 's assets in Vietnam . The deal is estimated at $ 1.8 billion .
The document is similar to the memorandum signed during Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ' visit to Russia earlier this month .
`` The memorandum contains no details of the deal , it only expresses political support on behalf of the two countries ' authorities , '' Prikhodko said .
HANOI , October 31 ( RIA Novosti )
Luxury home automation platform Savant expands its partner program to include Nest 's smart thermostat and iPort .
The new integration partnership was announced , today , at CEDIA 2016 and builds off of Savant 's existing partner program that includes other major connected device makers such as Lutron and Sonos .
According to the press release , Savant 's decision to choose Nest and iPort came from the desire to offer products that respond to the “ four key pillars of home automation ” —lighting , entertainment , climate and security control . Nest 's connected thermostats and iPort 's free-standing and in-wall charging stations and docks for home control interfaces fit the bill .
“ Today 's announcement with Nest and iPort is further evidence of our strategy to curate and integrate with great brands , ” says William Lynch , CEO of Savant .
In the future , all Savant product lines will be certified as Works with Nest , and iPort devices will be available at the Savant store for authorized integrators and dealers .
The integration allows homeowners and integrators to set up scenes that correspond to the Nest thermostat .
For example , activating Nest 's ‘ Away ' mode triggers a Savant automation scene that automatically turns everything off after the house has been secured .
The partnership also demonstrates a unique blend between a luxury home automation platform and mass market connected devices . This juxtaposition of luxury and convenience may help you appeal to a broad market that wants aesthetically-pleasing designs with a simple interface .
Caffeine is one of the most consumed substances of all times . Through the years , people have consciously and unconsciously taken caffeine in the form of coffee , tea , softdrinks and other colas .
Caffeine intake has rapidly become popular that every now and then , critics and health experts have constantly warned about it . A number of health professionals insist that the substance can do harm to the body .
The first blow to the intake of caffeine is the claims that it induces addiction . Thus , many people seem to be pretty hooked up at drinking softdrinks and coffee .
Moreover , people should be aware about the benefits and detriments of taking caffeine .
Caffeine headaches
Caffeine has been found to cause headaches and the claims that the substances causes addiction is linked to this assertion . The idea that what is called as 'weekend headaches ' are caused by caffeine is linked to the addiction allegation against the substance .
Experts believe that weekend headaches come as office buffs , who become used to consuming cups and glasses of coffee and sodas everyday in the morning and during breaks , suddenly stop taking caffeine during weekends . Usually , workers sleep and take rest during weekends , so they are not drinking coffee or sodas to be awake .
The migraine triggered by such a cause can be alleviated by taking caffeine . Quitters to caffeine intake also suffer headaches as a form of withdrawal symptom to the allegedly addictive caffeine .
Just like when smokers suddenly quit smoking , caffeine consumers also experience severe or even mild effects on health .
Moreover , too much intake of caffeine may also cause intense stress , especially when the person significantly lacks sleep and proper nutrition . Such stress can lower the body 's resistance to the usual causes of migraines , making the person suffer occasional , and eventually , regular episodes of headaches .
Stimulant
You may probably be heard from experts that caffeine is an effective stimulant , a group of substances that raise heart beats and makes people awake . Stimulants help people combat sleepiness within a few hours after intake .
Thus , that explains why you feel very much awake and invigorated after drinking that cup of coffee in the morning . Softdrinks also produce a different kick within you . People then take caffeine whenever they need to stay awake during office hours or during over time sessions at work .
Caffeine should not be taken if you are about to sleep or if you have been encountering difficulties in inducing sleep . You may notice that even the aroma of the coffee can almost invigorate you .
Caffeine as headache treatment
It can almost be confusing , but did you know that if caffeine can cause certain types of headaches , it can also help treat headaches ? How dos it work ?
Migraines are caused by enlarging blood vessels that affect the nerves around them . These nerves then trigger the sensory of the head , producing headaches .
Caffeine works by constricting the blood vessels , making those vessels return to normal and healthy sizes . You may prove this when you encounter a minor headache .
Notice that at least about 30 minutes after you have taken coffee or colas during an episode of headache , you may feel relief .
In other cases , certain medications need the help of caffeine so those treatments can be utilized appropriately by the body . There are various kinds of drugs that are manufactured with added caffeine for them to be effective .
Examples of such drugs are Tylenols , Florinol , Cafergot , Excedrin and Dristan .
Simple over the counter medicines also become more potent when taken with softdrinks or coffees .
Caffeine is indeed a wonderful substance . They may be bad or good , depending on how your body utilizes them and how you take them . Everything should be taken in moderation though . Experts believe that about two to three cups of coffee can still be happy . Anything more than that can lead to addiction and excessive caffeine intake .
Caffeine is certainly a good subject for discussion over a cup of coffee . You may benefit or be harmed by it . Just recognize the fact that as a stimulant , take it to invigorate your energy . Never take it on empty stomach though .
That can be the reason why your grandma always has cookies when serving coffee or tea .
This is a very long preamble to a photograph .
When Amanda and I were first going out together we would spend a lot of time on the phone , talking about big real things . We do n't talk on the phone anywhere nearly as much any more , and when we do talk on the phone we 're more likely to be trying to figure out the logistics of where we are in the world and how we can warp space and time in order to be in the same place relatively soon than about our hearts or our lives . That 's just the way things are , and when we 're together , late at night , in bed , we still talk about all the big real things .
But we used to talk on the phone . One night I said something to Amanda about my life , and beds , and the sizes of beds , and they got very quiet . I thought they were crying on the phone , which seemed odd , as I 'd not said anything ( to my mind ) about hearts .
A week or so later , they announced on Twitter that they were writing a song . They posted photos of themselves after each verse . It seemed like the whole of Twitter was cheering them on .
I got to Boston a few days later , and they played me their song , on the huge grand piano in their cramped apartment . She 'd taken a tiny fragment of my life and made it into something else , a story about a couple , from joy to death , exhibited , as in a legal case or at an inquest , as a sequence of beds . I cried when they played it .
They asked me to give it a title , because I had inspired it , and I did n't want to give it a clever title , and so I called it `` The Bed Song '' , and the name stuck .
It 's one of the songs on their new album .
She 's asked a number of artists to make art to go along with the book , asked if I would do something for `` The Bed Song '' . I thought about what I wanted to make , realised it was a sequence of five photographs , mirroring the five verses/exhibits in the song . And that , while I love taking photographs ( my lomo cameras are some of my favourite possessions ) I did not know how I would take these photographs ...
Fortunately , a few days later there was a gathering in Barrington Illinois to honour Gene Wolfe , and my friend Kyle Cassidy was there with their beautiful actor wife Trillian . I asked Kyle if he 'd like to collaborate on making art : I 'd write a script , describing the images , as I would have done if I was writing a comics script . He 'd take the photos . Kyle said yes . Then I told them the deadline we were on ... Fortunately , a few days later there was a gathering in Barrington Illinois to honour Gene Wolfe , and my friend Kyle Cassidy was there with their beautiful actor wife Trillian . I asked Kyle if he 'd like to collaborate on making art : I 'd write a script , describing the images , as I would have done if I was writing a comics script . He 'd take the photos . Kyle said yes . Then I told them the deadline we were on ...
And that we 'd need people of all ages , willing to be photographed , in couples ( all but one ) , naked in a bed .
Kyle set off , undaunted .
Kyle is an amazing photographer . We found volunteers through friends and through Twitter . It was relatively easy to find people to pose in their twenties and thirties and forties ... finding older models was harder . I was hugely pleased when my friends Samuel R. Delany and Mia Wolff agreed to pose for the last photograph we needed .
Many of the people who had their photos taken told Kyle that it was a life-changing experience for them , and I can believe it .
The photographs were beautiful . The sequence of photographs worked as a story . We were happy , about everything except ... Kyle had taken too many good photographs .
Each photograph was a piece of art . Amanda 's doing an art book already , of the art that 's been made for the album , but we desperately wanted to see Kyle 's photos reproduced at the size and at the same quality as they 'll be hung in the art galleries they 'll be hanging in this summer , during Amanda 's art tour . And we wanted the photos that were n't just part of the set of five , that would hang in the gallery and be part of the art book , to be seen .
And Amanda was putting together a Kickstarter ( it 's at http : //www.kickstarter.com/projects/amandapalmer/amanda-palmer-the-new-record-art-book-and-tour ) . It was going to need incentives at various levels . And if the incentive level was priced high enough then we could actually afford to make the kind of book we dreamed of -- something with the level of art and craft you 'd find in the impressive oversized Taschen photo books . Although there would be significantly fewer photos than the $ 15,000 Helmut Newton SUMO book ( but then , it also would n't need to come with its own display stand ) .
So that 's what we 're doing . We 're making a maximum of 666 of them ( to commemorate the % by which the Evening With Neil and Amanda Kickstarter exceeded its level ) . If the demand is less , we may make significantly less . We want copies for our models , and a few for ourselves . You 'll get one if you support the Kickstarter at the $ 1000 level or above ( so each of the 35 people hosting a house party , for example , will get a copy ) , and you also get all the goodies from lower levels as well .
Right now we 're just finalising the specs -- Kyle wants a lock on the box ( or slipcase ) it comes in , for example , but we need to decide what kind of lock ...
There will be photographs , reproduced at the same size ( HUGE -- the book is planned to be the same size as the recent oversized Little Nemo Sunday pages ) and quality ( amazing ) as the actual prints . There will be an essay by me about the song , what inspired it and what it means to me . There will be the script for Kyle and the emails . There will be a reproduction of Amanda 's handwritten lyrics . And we will sign it , and limit it , and I very much hope that each of the people who winds up with a copy is made very happy by it .
Of all of the things in the Kickstarter campaign , it 's the most likely to ship last , because the production process of objects like this is always beset with nightmares . We want it fancy and beautiful and unique , but each fancy thing we add means there 's something else that can go wrong or delay things , and that printers and bookbinders and boxmakers will simply not be able to do what we 're asking , meaning we 'll have to find someone who can , or wait , or send something back to be redone .
Right now , Kyle is taking the handful of last photographs for the book . And as we were talking about it , I realised , with a creeping horror , that the final photo had , inevitably , to be me and Amanda . Amanda has been in many photographs naked , has no nudity taboo that I 've ever noticed . I 'm English . I have a nudity taboo .
Kyle took several shots of us in Philadelphia last week , in our hotel room . Some of them we had the covers over us , in others ( the scary ones -- well , scary for me ) we did n't . I held Amanda and did my best to go to sleep and not to think about the camera on a stick far above us .
And this is it .
I 've not seen any of the photos Kyle took of us without bedclothes , yet . I 'm nervous as hell about seeing them , but also certain that we 'll find the one to be the final image , and glad it will only be in a very limited edition book . But the photo that Kyle just sent over showing Amanda and me together , under the covers , with me mostly asleep , is beautiful.And this is it .
It 's the only one of the photos that 's in colour , too . I think we may use it as the image on the limitation page , the one we all sign .
And , with Kyle 's permission , I 'm putting it up here .
Candace Gingrich to Olbermann : Progress is being made on marriage equality Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday November 26 , 2008
Print This Email This Candace Gingrich , Youth Outreach Director for the Human Rights Campaign and openly gay half-sister to twice-divorced `` traditional marriage '' advocate Newt Gingrich , sat down with MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann to discuss California 's Proposition 8 .
New poll data suggesting a shift in opinion on the state 's gay marriage ban , which could be enough to change the initiative 's outcome were the vote to be held today , `` just exemplifies the progress that 's being made on people understanding what marriage equality is all about , '' Gingrich said . `` It 's been three weeks since the election , but people have continued having conversations about this issue . They 've continued seeing the families that are affected by having their marriage taken away from them . ''
`` And I want to thank you , Keith , because your rant was exactly what was needed , '' they added . `` It was continuing that dialogue , and you helped a lot more people understand the issue . ''
On November 10 , Olbermann devoted a `` Special Comment '' to addressing the marriage ban , which passed 52 % -47 % in this month 's election . `` What if somebody passed a law that said you could n't marry ? '' they asked marriage equality opponents . Gays `` want what you want , '' they said , `` a chance to be a little less alone in the world . ''
`` Marriage equality for gay and lesbian couples does n't threaten anything , or anyone 's marriage , '' Gingrich went on , saying that President-elect Obama 's statements on the issue make it clear on where they stand , even though they have stopped short of supporting full civil marriage in name . `` It is not something that people should have to fear . And [ Obama ] said very simply , you know , this is about people 's civil rights , and they should be afforded to folks whether or not he , personally , agrees with them or not . ''
Gingrich took their brother , former Speaker of the House , to task over statements they made on the November 14 edition of Fox News ' The O'Reilly Factor .
`` I think there is a gay and secular fascism in this country that wants to impose its will on the rest of us , '' they said . `` I think it is prepared to use the government if it can get control of it . I think that it is a very dangerous threat to anybody who believes in traditional religion . And I think if you believe in historic Christianity , you have to confront the fact . ''
On Saturday , Ms. Gingrich shot back in a Huffington Post piece :
... The truth is that you 're living in a world that no longer exists . I , along with millions of Americans , clearly see the world the way it as -- and we embrace what it can be . You , on the other hand , seem incapable of looking for new ideas or moving beyond what worked in the past . Welcome to the 21st century , big bro . I can understand why you 're so afraid of the energy that has been unleashed after gay and lesbian couples had their rights stripped away from them by a hateful campaign . I can see why you 're sounding the alarm against the activists who use all the latest tech tools to build these rallies from the ground up in cities across the country ... ... What really worries me is that you are always willing to use LGBT Americans as political weapons to further your ambitions . That 's really so '90s , Newt . In this day and age , it 's embarrassing to watch you talk like that . You should be more afraid of the new political climate in America , because , there is no place for you in it .
The entire segment , as broadcast on MSNBC 's Countdown on November 25 , 2008 , is embedded below .
Download video via RawReplay.com
When asked who else they would like to see win a BAFTA Fellowship , Fable creator Peter Molyneux had nothing but kind words for Minecraft mastermind Markus `` Notch '' Persson .
Last night at the British Academy of Film and Television Arts ( BAFTA ) videogame awards , Lionhead mastermind Peter Molyneux was honored with a BAFTA Fellowship for their work in the industry . IGN caught up with the man after the awards , and asked them who they thought would be in the running for a Fellowship award in ten years ' time . While the big-dreaming Molyneux could have chosen a dozen different names in the industry , they chose to praise one in particular - Minecraft creator Markus `` Notch '' Persson .
`` That 's a good question , and it brings up an interesting point , '' said Molyneux . `` I wish you - people in the press - would focus on some of that up and coming talent , because there is n't enough focus on it in my opinion . People like Marcus Persson who did Minecraft , he 's a fantastic person to talk to , and I think Minecraft is a complete work of genius . ''
Anyone who followed the Lionhead boss on Twitter might have had an inkling that Molyneux was a Minecraft fan from the way they invited everyone to join the server they were playing on with their son Lucas Molyneux ( last seen begging Valve for Half-Life 3 ) . Unfortunately , says Molyneux , the risk you run when inviting everyone to play Minecraft is that everyone will actually show up .
`` It was a disaster ! '' said Molyneux . `` Me and my son were playing with it , and they were bullying me saying they wished they could get more people into our world so I set it up and they were a bit disappointed that no-one knew about it , so I just tweeted the web address . That was the worst thing to do - within ten seconds of me pushing the Twitter button there were ten people , within 20 there were 50 people , and in a minute there were 200 people and we were bombarded until the point where the whole server crashed . ''
Luckily , said Molyneux , the newcomers could n't destroy their son 's work . `` I opted that they could n't have permission to change anything - but if you could imagine , there was this hill completely full of people , like a forest of people . It was quite scary , actually . ''
But to Peter Molyneux , this event only enforced the power of Minecraft . `` In Minecraft your designs tend to be quite personal - and that 's the genius of it - and to think there are all these people just going there and looking , it was quite funny . ''
`` I think Minecraft 's the best thing I 've played in the last ten years , '' lauded Molyneux , `` [ And ] what 's so brilliant about it - and I 've met Marcus and he 's a real inspirational person - they did everything on their own , and I think how brilliant and inspirational that is , to not need the full force of publishers and marketing people . They did everything on their own . ''
The full interview is n't just Peter Molyneux praising Minecraft - though that is an admittedly large portion of it - and it 's worth reading over at IGN , if only to take a look into the mind of one of gaming 's most eccentric auteurs .
( IGN )
DJ Khaled claims Insomniac ‘ tried to sabotage ' their unfortunate EDC set
Though DJ Khaled has made a career off their assertion that all they do is win , regardless of the circumstances they face , It 's difficult to classify their set on the final day of EDC Las Vegas as a “ W . ”
After taking the stage some 20 minutes after their performance was scheduled to begin due to reported technical difficulties , production issues persisted , leading Insomniac to cut their already truncated set short after an extensive period of audience booing .
In a series of Instagram posts following the embattled show , the outspoken rapper claimed that Insomniac attempted to “ sabotage [ his ] sound so many times , ” following up the accusation with their classic self-coined adage , “ THEY DONT WANT US TO WIN . ”
They Tried to sabotage my sound so many times THEY couldnot get the sound right on my set and i still stood on stage wit no sound and when they got the sound to work they want to cut my set short but I still rep for my people anyone else would walk off stage .. i knew my California and Vegas fans was in the building .. THEY DONT WANT US TO WIN SO WE WIN MORE FOR THERE HEAD TOP ! ! ! It 's all luv thoe .. love is the .. I forgive them … love is always the answer ! A post shared by DJ KHALED ( @ djkhaled ) on Jun 19 , 2017 at 2:17am PDT
Though it goes without saying that Khaled 's claims of “ sabotage ” on Insomniac 's part are preposterous , it 's worth noting that the issues they faced were indeed out of their control . On the third night of EDC , Khaled was not the only artist to experience difficulties at the Cosmic Meadow stage ; sources onsite at the festival have noted that Chet Porter and marshmello 's set also suffered from production setbacks .
Its unclear exactly what the cause of Cosmic Meadow 's sound problems were , though Khaled 's onstage assertion that the heat played a role could have some truth to it due to the increased temperatures Sunday night .
As a silver lining to Khaled 's festival debacle , deadmau5 was able to find a new wisecrack to work into any future sets where things get complicated for him :
“ they sabotaged my set ! my sound isnt right. ” – im saving this one for later . — dead mow cinco ( @ deadmau5 ) June 19 , 2017
Featured image via Steve Lawton/Getty Images .
Categories : News , Videos
In Washington on Sunday night , the popcorn was popped , the pitchers of election-themed cocktails given a final stir . And then a hush fell over the city as the streets emptied and the professional political class gathered huddled around screens to watch the presidential debate and find out whether Donald Trump would somehow rescue their improbable campaign or pound the final nails into its coffin after a brutal weekend of scandalous recordings and cascading Republican disendorsements .
The consensus going in was that Trump would self-destruct . But they had two saviours : moderators prevented them from rambling and harming themselves as much as they otherwise probably would have , and the questions about their appalling remarks came early in the debate . Psychological research suggests that people tend to disproportionately judge events by how they ended .
The consensus in Washington was that Trump had `` stopped the bleeding . '' But 12 hours later the haemorrhaging seemed to have restarted . NBC and the Wall Street Journal released the results of a poll taken before the debate , but after the release of the bombshell tape that had sent Trump 's campaign into its weekend death spiral . In a four-way race , it showed Clinton at 46 and Trump at 35 , a five-point drop from the previous poll . If you just looked at Clinton and Trump together , they were leading by 14 .
The question now is whether the defections restart . If Trump 's debate achievement was to arrest their slide at 35 per cent , then it makes sense for Republicans to start jumping into the lifeboats .
Open Source Reporting Review - BIRT , Jaspersoft , Pentaho
There are a number of open source business intelligence ( BI ) and reporting tools available . The three open source projects with the most traction in the BI space are :
Eclipse Business Intelligence and Reporting Tools ( BIRT )
Jaspersoft ® Community Edition
Community Edition Pentaho® Community Edition
Innovent Solutions has performed periodic comparisons of the reporting portion of these tools starting in 2010 with an update in 2012 . In 2015 , we have decided to revisit the reporting products to evaluate what has changed and to update our comparison . A common feedback on our past comparisons has been that we focus on reporting , to the exclusion of all of the other features required by a complete BI solution . In 2015 , this feedback is even more relevant than in the past . Over the last five years we have found most customer BI initiatives are looking for more than reporting : data exploration , analytics , visualization , and a rich dashboard experience are typically expected features for today 's business intelligence consumers . We see the rapid growth of commercial products such as Tableau and QlikView as a clear reflection of this trend . That said , we have continued our practice of focusing on reporting for two simple reasons . First , reporting is a common baseline function required in most BI projects . Second , reports have a limited scope , making it easier to do an equal comparison of the products .
Corporate Acquisitions
A significant new trend has been the acquisition of all three open source BI companies within the last 12 months .
Jaspersoft was acquired by TIBCO Software in May of 2014
Actuate was acquired by OpenText Software in January of 2015
Pentaho has a pending acquisition by Hitachi Data Systems that is expected to close during Q2 of 2015
It is too early to determine the full impact of these acquisitions on the respective open source projects , but indications are that the acquiring companies will continue to support the open source projects . We have no doubt that the companies will not deliberately damage their open source communities , but the dedication and financial resources required to grow and nurture an open source community can not be overlooked .
Will the companies actively engage the community for software contributions ?
Will the companies continue to dedicate development resources to the project ?
Will the companies continue to build open source communities and user groups ?
Our hope is that the companies will answer yes to all of these questions and will continue to use the open source model to innovate within the business intelligence field , but only time will tell for sure .
Hitachi Data Systems ( HDS ) announced on February 11 , 2015 its intention to purchase Pentaho software . HDS has a history of commitment to open source software . This includes participation on various open source projects such as OpenStack and Linux Kernel Virtual Machine ( KVM ) . HDS also maintains a section of its community portal dedicated to open source . HDS appears to have the biggest historical record of participation within , and contribution and support for , open source projects .
TIBCO Software purchased Jaspersoft in May of 2014 . Prior to Jaspersoft , TIBCO 's most significant previous contribution to open source software appears to be the TIBCO General Interface™ code that was donated to the DOJO foundation in 2009 . While still early , it appears that TIBCO Jaspersoft remains committed to the Jaspersoft open source community with two new product releases ( 5.6 and 6.0 ) each providing full support for the community editions . TIBCO Jaspersoft 's public announcements indicate a continued support for Jaspersoft in its commercial and community editions as a stand-alone product . It will be interesting to see how TIBCO manages Jaspersoft and Spotfire ( TIBCO 's data discovery and visualization tool ) . To quote Brian Gentile , Sr. Vice President & General Manager , TIBCO Analytics Product Group ( formerly CEO at Jaspersoft ) :
`` These two tools ( Jaspersoft and Spotfire ) are extremely complementary , so you can expect , over time , one tool to help the other be even stronger in its primary category ( Jaspersoft in embedded reporting and analytics and Spotfire in data discovery and visualization ) . ''
OpenText Corp finalized its acquisition of Actuate , the most significant sponsor of the BIRT project , in January of 2015 . OpenText is Canada 's largest software company , and has grown largely through the acquisition of software firms . To date , none of OpenText 's acquisitions have involved a company that was leading a major open source initiative such as BIRT . In the public announcements , OpenText has referenced the value of BIRT 's 3.5 million open source developers , so our assumption is that they will want to continue to support the BIRT project .
Project Activity Analysis
Each of the open source projects relies on a single sponsor company that is the primary contributor of source code and support for the open source community . These companies all provide commercial alternatives to their open source projects which provide features that are not available to the open source community . Over the last three years , it appears that the sponsor companies were primarily focused on the development of differentiating features in their commercial products . At a high level , the companies differentiate commercial from open source products through these features :
Web-based user defined reporting ( ad hoc )
Analytic data exploration and visualization
Interactive dashboards
These features go beyond the basic open source reporting that we review in this article . It also has meant that the rate of development in the open source reporting tools has slowed over the last three years .
Changes in Jaspersoft
Of the three projects , Jaspersoft have been the most active with the move to the Eclipse-based Jaspersoft Studio report designer . When we last visited the space in 2012 , Jaspersoft Studio was in version 1.1 and had fewer features than the flagship iReport Designer . Since then , Jaspersoft Studio has caught up with and passed the features of iReport , which was given an iReport end of life date of December 31 , 2015 . As such , our comparison has changed to focus on Jaspersoft Studio .
It is clear given the activity over the last year that TIBCO remains committed to the development of its Jaspersoft Studio product as seen by the continued development of its open source software .
Figure 1 - JasperSoft Studio Software Commits per Month as reported by OpenHUB
Changes in BIRT
BIRT has seen the most significant slowdown in development with relatively few new features added to the project since 2012 . Actuate however appears to be committed to the open source project , with a recent surge in bug fixes and commits since November of 2014 . That said , there are no major enhancements or improvements planned for the annual June release as part of the Eclipse Simultaneous release process . It is encouraging to see the surge in activity on the BIRT project , starting in Q4 of 2014 which indicates that Actuate is still committed to maintaining the quality of its open source BIRT project .
Figure 2 - BIRT Software Commits per Month as reported by OpenHub
Changes in Pentaho Reporting
Pentaho Report Designer development has slowed considerably from the rapid pace between 2010 and 2012 . Improvements have continued with some new features and a variety of performance enhancements at a steady pace . Several significant features , such as crosstabs , have seen significant activity but are still marked as experimental . This seems to reflect the smaller role of reporting within the BI stack as well as Pentaho 's focus on other portions of it 's product stack which can deliver crosstab functionality .
In 2013 , Pentaho reporting changed their version control from Subversion to GitHub . Unfortunately , it appears that Open HUB may be missing some of the commits to the project . Our analysis of the commits as seen through inspection of GitHub and JIRA does not match the commits as measured by Open HUB , we have included the Open HUB graphic , but note this may be somewhat misleading .
Figure 3 - Pentaho Reporting Commits per Month as reported by OpenHub
Report Designer Conclusions
A lot has changed in the open source BI world over the last three years , but most of the changes have occurred outside of the scope of our analysis of the reporting tools . Perhaps the largest change has been the shift away from reporting towards data exploration , visualization , and interactive dashboards , which are primarily achieved through commercial aspects of these open source projects . Indications are that the reporting tools portion of the open source market will continue to slow with little new innovation .
Of the three open source reporting tools , Jaspersoft Studio has seen the most development . Pentaho Report Designer has seen consistent development , but needs to finish out some experimental features . BIRT has had the fewest new features added , but recent activity suggests a strong commitment to the open source project .
In terms of overall capability , our opinion is that all three products have drawn close to parity . Each product has its strengths and at the same time , certain aspects of each project can be challenging , leaving room for improvement . Our opinion is that each projects strengths and weaknesses make it more suitable to some tasks than its competitors . In terms of a reporting-focused tool , these are our high level recommendations :
BIRT
BIRT 's continues to provide the strongest report development tool . BIRT 's greatest strengths are in its ease of use and the completeness of features . If you are looking for a tool that allows report developers to create reports using a thick client application which will be deployed into an existing Java application framework , it is hard to beat BIRT . BIRT provides the easiest way to create reports that are focused on delivery over the web .
BIRT has two main weaknesses . First , BIRT is primarily focused on reporting instead of analytics , if you are looking to work with OLAP data , BIRT will not be appropriate . Second , BIRT lacks an open source server component and therefore if you are looking for a complete web-based BI solution BIRT is not the best choice .
Jaspersoft Studio
Jaspersoft Studio provides an outstanding and widely used report development tool that can easily be deployed either through the Jaspersoft Server community edition or through the JasperReports Library to an existing application . A particular strength of Jaspersoft is the way it works with data passed to the report as plain old java objects ( POJOs ) . Jaspersoft is also the best product if your primary focus is to deliver printed reports .
Jaspersoft 's chart engine is significantly weaker than BIRT although we prefer Jaspersoft 's implementation of JFreeCharts over Pentaho 's . Jaspersoft 's Table Of Contents for large report navigation is also more difficult to use than either BIRT or Pentaho . Finally , we found Jaspersoft 's SQL editor to be the least developer friendly .
Pentaho Report Designer
Pentaho Report Designer has particular strengths around its outstanding reporting wizard and the ease of use to create simple to moderate reports . Its ability to connect to and manipulate virtually any data through its Pentaho Data Integration ( Kettle ) data source is a distinguishing feature .
Pentaho 's charts implementation and crosstab component ( experimental ) need to improve to reach parity with the other products . If you are looking for one tool that is reporting-focused , we would choose either BIRT or Jasper over Pentaho .
NOTE : We did our best to present a fair and balanced evaluation of the products . Please Contact Us with any comments or thoughts that you would like to share .
Detailed Analysis
Please explore the following links for detailed analysis of each project .
BIRT Review
Jaspersoft Review
Pentaho Review
Comparison Matrix
BIRT® is a registered trademark of the Eclipse Foundation , Inc .
Jaspersoft Studio® , JasperReports® and JasperReports Server® are registered trademarks of TIBCO .
Pentaho® is a registered trademark of Pentaho Corporation .
MLB All-25 and Younger Team
There 's a different feel to baseball again – a good feeling .
Yeah , I know – there are probably still plenty of players who are cheating . But at least the league is ( finally ) making somewhat of an effort to clean up its image and for that , we as fans have hope that maybe someday the game will be juice-free again .
Those who have watched their fair share of baseball this season should be reveling in how the game is getting younger again . Instead of teams waiting for dingers in order to score runs , clubs are bunting , stealing and manufacturing scoring opportunities – the way the game is supposed to be played .
After watching how the Rays won last season , more and more teams are building their rosters by developing home grown talent rather than signing big-name free agents ( save for the Yankees , of course ) and it 's making the game exciting again . An onus has been made on youth and speed and for the first time in quite a while , baseball is once again a young man 's game .
That said , I 've decided to have a little fun by constructing an entire 25-man baseball roster ( I 've named the team “ Team Youthful Exuberance ” ) by using only players who are 25 years of age and younger . Rules and guidelines for the roster are below so enjoy and as always , feel free to make an argument for any players that I might have missed .
Rules , Guidelines & Notes :
– Any player that turned the age of 26 before April 5 , 2009 , which was Opening Day for the 2009 MLB season , was considered ineligible . Therefore , two current 26 year-olds ( Joe Mauer and Miguel Cabrera ) are eligible for this team because they did n't turn 26 until after the April 5 deadline .
The reason for the deadline was to squash any debate about what players were and were n't eligible for the team based on when they turned 26 .
– Players can be moved from their real MLB positions , but within reason . For example , I ca n't move Evan Longoria to catcher to free up a spot at third base for a player like Ryan Zimmerman , but I can move Justin Upton to left field even though their natural position is right .
– Starting pitchers are starting pitchers and relief pitchers are relief pitchers . In efforts not to stack my pitching staff with all starters , I could n't make a starter a relief pitcher . However , closers are considered relief pitchers , so I can have multiple closers if I choose .
– The roster numbers are of that of a major league roster : ( 2 ) Catchers ; ( 6 ) Infielders ; ( 5 ) Outfielders ; ( 5 ) Starters ; ( 7 ) Relief Pitchers . ( 25 total . )
Owner : George Steinbrenner . If anyone was worried about how we 'd pay for all of these contracts , fear not – Big Stienny is here . Dude blows their nose with a hundred dollar bills .
Manager : Joe Torre . This club needs a father figure to keep all of these young players in line . The only problem is that we had to give Torre a truckload of money in order for them to agree to work with Steinbrenner again .
General Manager : Anthony Stalter . Why ? Because I constructed this f'n team – that 's why . Theo Epstein who ?
Now , without further ado , I give you : Team Youthful Exuberance .
Roster :
Catchers ( 2 ) : Joe Mauer ( 26 , Twins ) ; Brian McCann ( 25 , Braves )
At first , I had McCann penciled in as the starter and Orioles ' top prospect Matt Weiters backing them up , but then I stumbled upon this beautiful date in history : April 19 , 1983 , which is Mauer 's birthday . Even though he 's 26 , they qualify for this team because they were 25 on April 5 , which is my made up deadline . With Mauer behind the dish , TYE ( Team Youthful Exuberance ) has a player that can hit for average and power , as well as someone that can take charge of a stacked pitching staff . It 's almost unfair that a player as good as McCann has been delegated to backup duty , but if Mauer 's back starts acting up again , then TYE has one hell of a replacement .
Infield ( 6 ) : Evan Longoria ( 23 , Rays ) ; Hanley Ramirez ( 25 , Marlins ) ; Dustin Pedroia ( 25 , Red Sox ) ; Prince Fielder ( 25 , Brewers ) ; Jose Reyes ( 25 , Mets ) ; Miguel Cabrera ( 26 , Tigers )
Look at that infield and tell me the hair on your ass does n't stand up with excitement . Longoria might be the one player TYE builds its entire roster around with their outstanding ability to hit for average and power . Ramirez is another player who can hit for average and drive in runs , all while swiping a fair amount of bases as well . It 's hard to argue against Pedroia being TYE 's starting second baseman given he 's the reigning AL MVP and we 're ecstatic to add their speed at the top of the lineup , too . TYE has options at first base in Fielder and Cabrera , the latter of which qualifies for the team because of their birthday ( April 18 , 1983 ) . Depending on who gets the nod at first , the other can DH given that both players have a tremendous amount of power . Even though he 's been hurt most of the real season and needs to work on not running into outs while on the base paths , we figure Reyes is a tremendous middle infield addition who has loads of speed and adds to the overall athleticism of the club . Do n't forget that Cabrera can also play third base if Longoria needs a day off , so this club has options .
Outfield ( 5 ) : Adam Jones ( 23 , Orioles ) ; Jacoby Ellsbury ( 25 , Red Sox ) ; Justin Upton ( 21 , Diamondbacks ) ; Nick Markakis ( 25 , Orioles ) ; Ryan Braun ( 25 , Brewers )
The outfield position was incredibly difficult to pare down to just five players , because there are so many great young OFs to choose from in MLB . But in the end , we chose as many five-tool players that we could and we 're happy with the results . Jones is quickly emerging as one of the best young outfielders in the game , Ellsbury gives us a true leadoff hitter and a great defensive centerfielder , while Justin Upton is proving at age 21 that their potential is sky high . Markakis is struggling a bit this year with their average , but they have one of the better outfield arms in baseball and while Braun can be downright brutal defensively at times , it 's hard to pass up on a guy that can hit for a .300 average all while driving in 100-plus runs and blasting 30-plus dingers . This outfield is loaded with hitters that can hit for average , that have a good amount of pop , can run and also play some quality defense ( save for Braun ) .
Starters ( 5 ) : Tim Lincecum ( 24 , Giants ) ; Cole Hamels ( 25 , Phillies ) ; Zack Greinke ( 25 , Royals ) ; Chad Billingsley ( 24 , Dodgers ) ; Yovani Gallardo ( 23 , Brewers )
Before I discuss the starters I did choose , here are some of the names that I had to pass on : Jon Lester , Max Scherzer , Jair Jurrjens , John Danks , Johnny Cueto , Edwin Jackson , Rick Porcello , Josh Johnson , Chris Volstad , Clayton Kershaw , Joba Chamberlain , Zach Duke , Matt Cain , Felix Hernandez , Matt Garza and David Price . It killed me to pass on Johnson , Kershaw , Chamberlain and Hernandez specifically , but in the end I chose the best five in terms of ERA , WHIP and strikeout potential . With so many great names to choose from , I know I 'm going to get some backlash for who I passed on , but Lincecum is a freak of nature , Greinke has been absolutely phenomenal this season ( although I 'll admit that had I done this at the beginning of the year , they would n't have made the starting five ) and Billingsley has been lights out . Hamels has struggled a bit with their ERA and they can be inconsistent at times , but their performance in last year 's postseason speaks for itself . I 'm projecting a bit with Gallardo , but I would have been doing the same with Kershaw , Johnson and Chamberlain , so I feel good about the decision to go with the 23-year-old Brewer .
Relievers ( 7 ) : Joakim Soria ( 25 , Royals ) ; Jonathan Broxton ( 24 , Dodgers ) ; Jeff Samardzija ( 24 , Cubs ) ; Joel Zumaya ( 24 , Tigers ) ; Andrew Bailey ( 25 , A 's ) ; Daniel Bard ( 23 , Braves Red Sox ) ; Ryan Perry ( 22 , Tigers )
Pick your poison with this bunch ; Soria , Broxton and Bailey can all close games , while Zumaya would make an outstanding setup man . The only issue I have with this group is whether or not any of them can come in for long relief if one of the starters gets rocked and I 'm projecting a ton with Samardzija , Bard and Perry . Either way , this relief staff is chockfull of guys that can throw absolute cheddar and the thought process is that the starting pitching will go deep into most games anyway , so why not build the back of the rotation with 7th , 8th and 9th-inning arms ?
Projected Lineup :
1 . Jacoby Ellsbury , CF
2 . Dustin Pedroia , 2B
3 . Evan Longoria , 3B
4 . Prince Fielder , DH
5 . Miguel Cabrera , 1B
6 . Joe Mauer , C
7 . Hanley Ramirez , SS
8 . Ryan Braun , LF
9 . Justin Upton , RF
Obviously you can switch around a lot of these hitters , but it 's pretty sick when Hanley Ramirez is your seventh hitter and Ryan Braun is eighth . Not too mention the bench still has Adam Jones , Jose Reyes , Brian McCann and Nick Markakis sitting on it . Sick .
Starting Rotation :
1 . Tim Lincecum
2 . Cole Hamels
3 . Chad Billingsley
4 . Zack Greinke
5 . Yovani Gallardo
The lack of lefties scares me a bit , which makes me question whether or not I should go with Clayton Kershaw and drop Gallardo…no , no – Gallardo is staying . But I do love Kershaw…no , Gallardo – final answer .
Team Youthful Exuberance : Go F yourselves Yankees and Red Sox .
First there was Johnny Bower with Honky the Christmas Goose , then there was Guy Lafleur 's famous disco album . That was followed by the famous , or infamous Alex Ovechkin rap song . We 've seen the San Jose Sharks and many other teams do parodies of Christmas albums . Also who could forget Matt Lashoff 's album ?
Then there are the hockey tribute songs , 50 Mission Caps and the Lonely End of the Rink by the The Tragically Hip ; The Ballad of Wendel Clark by the Rheostatics ; Clear the Track here comes Shack ; and many others .
Now a new NHL superstar ( he was voted a starting all-star , so he 's a superstar ) is being honoured with a rap song . Yes folks , Latvian rap group OLAS have released a song called Zemgus Girgensons .
LWOS ' own Aivis Kalniņš ( twitter @ LWOSShakcc ) has translated the song 's lyrics into English for us . The song celebrates Zemgus ' Girgensons getting voted into the NHL all-star game .
1.5 million votes
Zemgus Girgensooons
Raises Latvia a little higher
Zemgus Girgensooons
Who 's the one with a lot of money ? Zemgus Girgensooons
Who 's the one which word are we shouting ? Zemgus Girgensooons
I am so clean ,
I am so white ,
I am so free ,
I am so young
I enter a club and drop some cash
Just like Zemgus Girgensooons
Sit on a sofa , my foot on the table ,
I do n't care if anyone is in front me
Go through the club and have a shot
Just like Zemgus Girgensooons
You saw me , i am in front of you baby
You like my songs , you want to be near me
You come at me but i deke right by you
Just like Zemgus Girgensooons
I see the coolest chick in the club and say
I 'm your destiny , Yo
But they say i 'm not as famous
Just as Zemgus Girgensooons
Zemgus Girgensooons Zemgus Girgensooons Zemgus Girgensooons Zemgus Girgensooons
Am i calm ? Am i precise ? ( Yeah , yeah )
Shooting right in the aim ,
Money in the pocket
Chicks , BMW , money and everything
Always i 'm ready just like it was a derby
Nation is crazy and that is my background
I am like Girgensoons
Do n't judge me because i do n't care
Believe me , bro Nobody belives you
There is no faith in you
I am still a son
I am the style
I am free
Eggs are in the house and your legs are quivering
Girls are dreaming while cooking eggs in the oven
You 're making me laugh when you say that your fierce opponent
You ca n't beat me while i 'm alive
Girls dance , a million in the bank ,
Soon they will play my music everywhere
I 'm not a copy but i have one clone No other than…
Zemgus Girgensooons Zemgus Girgensooons Zemgus Girgensooons
We have no doubt that this is another NHL inspired hit ( at least it will be in Latvia , judging by their all-star voting patterns ) .
Thank you for reading . Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @ LastWordOnSport and @ LWOSworld – and “ liking ” our Facebook page .
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio ? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC , laptop , tablet or smartphone . What are you waiting for ?
Rail CEO blames firefighters for Quebec oil train disaster
By Jeff Lusanne
10 July 2013
Quebec Provincial Police announced yesterday afternoon that the remains of fifteen people have now been recovered from the multi-block “ red-zone ” in Lac-Mégantic , Quebec that was destroyed by last Saturday 's train derailment , explosion , and fire . The true death toll , however , is almost certainly four dozen or more , since 35 people remain missing .
The victims that have been found are so severely burned officials are asking family members for DNA evidence to help establish their identities . Finding and identifying the remains of the dead is expected to be a painstaking , months-long process . Such was the intensity of the inferno triggered by the derailment , authorities warn they may never find identifiable remains of some of the missing .
Yesterday , the majority of the 2,000 Lac-Mégantic residents ordered evacuated last Saturday were allowed to return home . But 800 people , or close to one-sixth of the 6,000 people who call this Eastern Townships ' town their home , are still having to bunk-up with friends or relatives in makeshift shelters .
The Lac-Mégantic derailment is in all likelihood Canada 's deadliest train disaster in more than a century . In 1942 , 39 people were killed when two trains collided in Alimonte , Ontario . In the worst U.S. train disaster in recent decades , a Miami-bound Amtrak train derailed while crossing a bridge in Alabama in 1993 , killing 47 .
While the investigation into the causes of the Lac-Mégantic tragedy is still in its early stages , the information that has come to light suggests that reckless and likely criminally negligent practices by the Montreal , Maine , & Atlantic railroad ( MMA ) were a pivotal factor .
The railroad has not put out a press release since Sunday , although new details about the events surrounding the accident are emerging every day . Instead , Ed Burkhardt—the CEO of MMA and the president of its parent company , Rail World Inc.—has used television interviews to blame a local fire department for triggering the chain of events that led to the derailment .
Significantly , Canada 's Transportation Safety Board publicly rebutted some of Burkhardt 's key claims Tuesday morning . The Quebec Provincial Police have , for their part , launched a criminal probe into the derailment .
The train that derailed in Lac-Mégantic consisted of 72 cars of crude oil from the Bakken oil field in North Dakota . Canadian Pacific Railroad hauled it to Montreal , where it was handed over to MMA to continue on to a refinery in St. John , New Brunswick . In the process , MMA placed its own locomotives in charge .
At 11PM last Friday night , the train stopped in Nantes , Quebec for a crew change . The next crew was not immediately available , so procedure demanded that the train be safely secured in place . Trains have three braking systems : air brakes connected through the entire train and operated from the locomotive , individual brakes on each locomotive , and individual “ manual ” brakes on each railcar . All three are required to be applied to a train that will be unoccupied .
In the case of the MMA train , it was left on a significant railroad grade that headed downward 6.8 miles ( 11 km ) into Lac-Mégantic , requiring extra caution to secure it . The engineer left one of the five locomotives running , which is necessary to maintain the functionality of the train 's airbrakes . After the engineer left , a local resident reported a fire on one of the locomotives and firefighters from the town of Nantes responded .
Before dousing the fire , the firefighters followed standard procedure and shut down the locomotive to prevent fuel from the fuel tank feeding the fire . CEO Burkhardt claimed Monday that the firefighters , “ Went out there by themselves , shut the engine off , doused the fire ” and did n't notify the engineer . Burkhardt claims the shutoff of the engine released the airbrakes causing the train to roll towards Lac-Mégantic .
Yet in an interview with the Globe and Mail a member of MMA 's board of directors , Yves Bourdon , contradicted the claim that firefighters acted without contacting MMA . They stated that firefighters called a MMA dispatcher and alerted them of the fire when it broke out , and the dispatcher got a track-repair worker to the scene .
The track-worker was not qualified to operate locomotives , but updated the dispatcher and left the scene . Nantes Fire Chief Patrick Lambert told the media , “ The people from MMA told us , ‘ That 's great―the train is secure , there 's no more fire , there 's nothing anymore , there 's no more danger , ” upon which the firefighters left .
At a press briefing yesterday morning , a spokesperson for Canada 's Transportation Safety Board corroborated much of Fire Chief Lambert 's account , asserting that contrary to the claims of MMA CEO Burkhardt , a company employee was present when firefighters doused the locomotive fire .
Shortly after that fire was put out and everyone had left the scene , the train began to roll and within 20 minutes it derailed , while traveling in excess of 60 mph , ending in a massive pileup in the center of Lac-Mégantic , causing explosions that left only rubble for a several block radius .
A train of crude oil from North Dakota passing through urban Chicago
Only four or five of the 72 tanker cars actually caught fire , indicating the potential for a much larger and even more horrific catastrophe .
In its statements , MMA has failed to state clearly that it was using a one-person crew to operate the oil train , although its explanations implicitly point to that . Across the US and Canada the standard is a two-person crew , consisting of an engineer that operates the train from the cab of the locomotive and a conductor that persons on-the-ground work equipment .
As head of Rail World Inc.—a “ railway management , consulting and investment corporation specializing in privatizations and restructurings ” — Burkhardt has pioneered one-man “ crews. ” Such operations call for the engineer to do on-the-ground work like switching out railcars , while using a remote-control pack to operate the engine .
Railway workers and others have long claimed that the “ one-man crews ” deliver corporations huge cost savings at the expense of worker fatigue and public safety .
Investigation will show to what extent relying on a single crew member at the end of a long-shift to park a loaded train on a grade late at night imperiled public safety . To have properly secured the train , the engineer would have had to walk to several , if not dozens , of individual cars and apply a hand-brake on each one .
The engineer of the MMA train is reportedly devastated over the event . The Toronto Star writes that , “ like many others , they accused Montreal , Maine and Atlantic Railway of not keeping its infrastructure up to date and for not caring about its employees . ”
“ They have n't even called us since the accident , ” said a colleague .
Other employees have noted that MMA track in places is increasingly substandard . Prior to last Saturday 's tragedy , Lac-Mégantic town officials and residents had also raised concerns about the state of MMA 's infrastructure .
Yet the train 's cargo of crude oil is a booming business for U.S. and Canadian railroads . The sharp rise in oil production in the Western Canadian provinces and the Bakken region of North Dakota has not been matched with pipelines to ship it . This is partly because of environmental concerns , but also because shippers are able to increase their options for routing with railroads and do n't risk the long-term investment of a pipeline on deposits exploited through fracking , which have a much shorter lifespan .
Shipments of crude by rail in the U.S. have skyrocketed from 9,500 carloads in 2008 to 233,811 carloads in 2012 . Each railcar carries roughly 740 barrels . In Canada , both major railways , Canadian National and Canadian Pacific , have seen similar exponential growth , with 16.6 million barrels of Canada crude shipped by rail in 2012 . This is estimated to grow to as much as 110 million barrels in 2014 .
A DOT-111 tank car , which carries crude oil , ethanol , and other hazardous materials
A notoriously unsafe tank car , the DOT-111 , carries much of this traffic—including the MMA train that derailed last Saturday . The U.S. National Safety Transportation board describes the DOT-111 as “ inadequate to resist the shock of a derailment , ” because it is easily punctured on the ends and sides . The DOT-111 is also used to carry ethanol and has been implicated in several deadly explosions and fires in the U.S. over the last decade . The Canadian government requires that when companies buy new tanker cars they are of a newer , higher standard , but with a service life of 40-50 years , the railroads and transporters plan to use DOT-111s to carry inflammable commodities for decades to come .
With the profit interests of railroads , and energy and finance companies large and small at stake , there is no doubt that fierce opposition will emerge to any effort to regulate and otherwise improve safety in this booming business .
Paul Mitchell Co-Founder John Paul DeJoria weighed in on the 2016 presidential race and the potential impact of Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein .
Continue Reading Below
âIâm also so amazed at how many people who I talk to who said âI donât like either one , Iâm either Republican or Democrat , but if I had to vote right now Iâd vote for Gary Johnson because at least heâs a third choice and who knows , something may really come out of that avenue , ââ DeJoria told the FOX Business Networkâs Maria Bartiromo .
DeJoria then explained why they saw it as a game-changer if Gary Johnson were included in the presidential debates .
âIf you put Gary Johnson in the debates you are going to see a change . I saw them on television a couple weeks ago , I said âwow , they and their running mate make a lot of sense.â They both make more sense than Trump or Hillary , itâs amazing . So , I think itâd be a very good thing . I believe they need 15 % of the vote , or the proposed vote , to be able to get in there and I sure hope they in , I think it will make things a lot more interesting . And maybe Jill also from the Green Party , I think it would make it much more interesting.â
But when Bartiromo pointed out the concerns of many voters that supporting Gary Johnson or Jill Stein would seem like throwing their vote away by not giving it to one of the main candidates , DeJoria responded , âWhat a great question , people ask me that all the time , âJ.P . [ John Paul ] isnât that like losing a vote or just throwing one away ? â No , itâs not . All Americans should vote . If you donât like either candidate , vote for somebody that you might like , not the worst of the two . It could make a big change.â
China to wield veto at AIIB
A new China-led infrastructure bank aims to differentiate itself from other lenders with a leaner , more efficient structure that ultimately gives Beijing veto power over major decisions , people close to the institution said .
The bank 's voting structure means that China will retain the upper hand as the largest shareholder , according to its articles of incorporation and people close to the bank . China has offered to forgo outright veto power in day-to-day operations , which helped win over some key founding members .
The articles , agreed to at a meeting of the bank 's 57 founding member countries last month , call for the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank to be overseen by an unpaid , nonresident board of directors , unlike the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank .
The new bank , which will be based in Beijing and use English as its operating language , will open bidding for projects to all , unlike the ADB , which restricts contracts to member countries , according to a copy of the articles reviewed by The Wall Street Journal .
The new Asian bank also gives a bigger voice to developing nations -- a turnaround from the International Monetary Fund and World Bank , which China lobbied for years for greater representation .
Overall , the bank , on paper , attempts to redress perceived shortcomings at the World Bank , ADB and other development institutions that have been criticized by China for being top-heavy and overly controlled by the US and other wealthy nations .
“ China benefited a lot from existing multilateral organisations , but it was also frustrated in a lot of ways that they did n't increase the weight of China and other developing markets , that they are often slow and bureaucratic , ” said David Dollar , a senior fellow at Brookings Institution and former World Bank and US Treasury official in China who has done unpaid consulting for the new bank .
The bank , known as AIIB , has been seen as an ambitious bid by Beijing to expand its international influence and challenge US clout while at the same time bolstering opportunities abroad for Chinese construction and engineering companies .
A low key lobbying campaign by China exceeded expectations , attracting 56 other countries , among them US allies Australia and South Korea , which faced pressure from Washington not to join .
“ China ca n't lose from having an economically rational , transparent governing structure at the AIIB that it can showcase in response to the US , ” said Leslie Young , an economics professor with Beijing 's Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business . “ This is going to change the game and expand its soft power , ” they said .
Negotiators approved the basic framework last month in Singapore and agreed the bank would start with $ 100 billion in registered capital . A signing ceremony is scheduled for late June , according to people close to the bank . Once 10 members representing at least 50 per cent of the share votes ratify the agreement , the AIIB can start operating , probably by late 2015 , according to Chinese media .
Voting shares are apportioned according to a complex formula that factors in each member 's capital contribution , the size of its economy , basic votes each member receives equally plus another 600 votes allocated to each founding member .
At least 75 per cent of share votes are reserved for members located in the Asia Pacific region , giving smaller Asian countries a greater say than they have in other global organizations .
According to the bank 's articles , China is providing $ US29.78bn of the bank 's $ US100bn capital base . Under the voting formula , that gives Beijing between 25 per cent and 30 per cent of the total votes , enough to block decisions involving structure , membership , capital increases and other significant issues laid out in the articles that require a “ super majority ” of at least 75 per cent of votes .
Other big prospective contributors among those listed as Asia Pacific members are India at $ US8.36bn , Russia at $ US6.53bn and South Korea at $ US3.74bn . Outside the region , Germany 's allocation is $ US4.48bn , France 's is $ US3.37bn and Brazil 's is $ US3.18bn .
Shareholding and voting amounts could shift if some founding members change their minds . “ Willingness will still be decided by the president and the cabinet , ” said Philippines national treasurer Roberto Tan , part of their country 's negotiating team , who said the Philippines 's capital share in the bank would be about 1 per cent .
China 's finance ministry , which has been spearheading the initiative , did n't respond to requests to comment about the bank 's structure .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the bank aims to be “ inclusive and transparent . ”
“ The important idea is to achieve common development and build a new model of international cooperation , ” ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said .
As one of China 's biggest forays in trying to reshape the global order , the bank aims to set high standards for efficiency and transparency -- and counter criticisms it will be a tool of Chinese foreign policy , the people close to the bank said .
“ They will try and increase the efficiency of investment compared to other development banks with long approval procedures , ” said Cui Fan , a professor with Beijing 's University of International Business and Economics .
The bank is expected to maintain a lean staff , according to analysts and those close to the bank , compared with the World Bank , which has over 12,000 staff and consultants . Doing without a resident board of directors should save the bank money and friction in decision-making .
Mr Dollar , of Brookings , said the resident board costs the World Bank some $ US70 million annually . When they worked at the bank , “ There was often a certain tension between the management and the board members whose resident staff wanted to find out about projects at an early stage ” .
The bank articles pledge to heed environmental risks and promote transparency , though they do n't offer specific mechanisms to safeguard against bid rigging , environmental degradation and other potential fallout from huge infrastructure projects . These issues were of significant concern to prospective European members facing vocal domestic civic society constituencies , said the people close to the bank .
Setting the agenda for Australia 's $ 150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia 's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set . Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo 's CEO , Danny Celoni , Jayne Hrdlicka , CEO of A2 Milk Company , Barry Irvin , Executive Chairman , Bega Cheese and Costco 's Managing Director , Patrick Noone . Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
GETTY Mervyn King said the pre-referendum scaremongering was just `` speculation ''
Melvyn King , Baron King of Lothbury , dismissed the pre-referendum scaremongering by the Remain campaign as simply “ speculation ” . They said : “ An unfortunate aspect of the campaign was the government forecasts of what the consequences of Brexit might be , which inevitably were highly speculative , in particular for the long run . “ The problem is that the long-run judgement then feeds back to the short-term forecast because it was assumed that people would anticipate the long-run . ”
While the value of the pound has dropped , the FTSE 250 and the FTSE 100 have both soared since June 's Leave victory , boosting confidence and sparking investment . Lord King also added the decrease in value of the pound was actually good for the British economy , as it helped facilitate an essential re-balance .
GETTY Lord King said Brexit was economically beneficial because of a necessary `` rebalance ''
They said : “ The UK economy has to be rebalanced one way or another , Remain or Leave . We need a level of the exchange rate much closer to the level we had in the middle of 2013 . “ We are now in a better position to rebalance the UK economy. ” The Remain campaign were responsible for an onslaught of economic scaremongering in the lead-up to the 52 to 48 per cent Leave victory , warning of recession and every household losing £4,300 .
GOOGLE The FTSE 100 is now at a higher level than it was before the referendum
In mid-June , Mr Osborne also threatened to introduce an emergency budget , nicknamed a 'Punishment Budget ' , in the wake of a Leave victory . Despite this , the FTSE 100 and the FTSE 250 , which consists of the biggest companies on the London Stock Exchange , are both now higher than they were before the referendum .
GETTY George Osborne was responsible for a `` counterproductive '' scaremongering campaign , according to King
EXCLUSIVE , UPDATED : As claims against Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey remain fresh , Jeremy Piven , star of the new CBS drama series Wisdom of the Crowd , today found themselves in the spotlight of sexual harassment allegations . On Monday , reality TV personality/actor Ariane Bellamar made specific accusations on social media that Piven groped them on the set of Entourage and at the Playboy Mansion several years ago .
“ We are aware of the media reports and are looking into the matter , ” a CBS spokesperson said in a statement to Deadline on Tuesday .
The network offered no additional details of what form or function any investigation was taking . Wisdom of the Crowd , from CBS TV Studios , is still be in production on its original 13-episode order .
CBS is currently mulling the fate of the modestly rated series . We have learned that the network had ordered three backup scripts while deciding on a possible episodic pickup beyond the initial 13 .
CBS ' statement by the net follows a trio of tweets by Bellamar on October 30 about the Emmy-winning actor and their alleged unwelcomed interactions with her :
Hey @ jeremypiven ! ‘ Member when you cornered me in your trailer on the # Entourage set ? ‘ Member grabbing my boobies on the 🛋 without asking ? ? — Ariane Bellamar ( @ ArianeBellamar ) October 30 , 2017
They added , with the hashtag # MeToo :
‘ Member when I tried to leave ; you grabbed me by the ass , looked at yourself in the mirror , & said what a ‘ beautiful couple ' we made ? # MeToo https : //t.co/liD7irs0o0 — Ariane Bellamar ( @ ArianeBellamar ) October 30 , 2017
In a third tweet , Bellamar accused Piven of assaulting them another time , at the Playboy Mansion .
Jeremy Piven , on two occasions , cornered me & forcefully fondled my breasts & bum . Once at the mansion & once on set . # MeToo @ AriMelber @ CNN https : //t.co/liD7irs0o0 — Ariane Bellamar ( @ ArianeBellamar ) October 30 , 2017
HBO also issued a response . “ Today , via the press reports , is the first we are hearing about Ariane Bellamar 's allegations concerning Jeremy Piven , ” the premium cabler said in a statement . “ Everyone at HBO and our productions is aware that zero tolerance for sexual harassment is our policy . Anyone experiencing an unsafe working environment has several avenues for making complaints that we take very seriously . ”
Bellamar 's claims come as sexual harassment and sexual assault allegations are swirling around the industry .
Piven 's Wisdom of the Crowd landed a series order by CBS in May after strong testing . The critically panned drama , which stars Piven as a tech billionaire who sells their company to launch a venture dedicated to fighting crime via crowdsourcing , has been a shaky ratings performer in the Sunday 8 PM slot despite getting boosts from NFL doubleheaders every other week . This past Sunday , up against Sunday Night Football and Game 5 of the World Series , Wisdom hit a series low of 6.8 million viewers and a 0.7 rating among in adults 18-49 in Live+Same Day ratings .
Having first come to small-screen prominence on Ellen DeGeneres ' ABC sitcom in the late 1990s , Piven went on to win a Golden Globe and three Emmys for playing Ari Gold on the HBO series Entourage , which debuted in 2004 . The super-agent role was one they reprised for the 2015 feature film based on the series .
The actor 's other credits include Smokin ' Aces , Guy Ritchie 's RocknRolla and Edge of Tomorrow . They also are a producer and star of the UK TV series Mr. Selfridge .
Lark Sparrow in Florham Park
A well-described Lark Sparrow was reported at Florham Park Fields yesterday afternoon ( Dominic Garcia-Hall ) . The Lark Sparrow was not relocated today despite several observers looking at different times during the day .
Only two other second and third-hand records are known for this species in Morris County . This is an unusual date for Lark Sparrow in New Jersey as most occur in the autumn . Interestingly , a well-documented and photographed Lark Sparrow was observed in Brooklyn on May 23-24 of this year .
It is previously mentioned in this space that numerous No Trespassing signs have appeared on the Florham Park Fields property since last year . See below :
Hybrid Warblers continue at Glenhurst Meadows
A “ Lawrence 's ” Warbler ( Blue-winged , or “ Brewster 's ” , x Golden-winged Warbler hybrid ) was seen again at Glenhurst Meadows ( Robert Gallucci ) . A continuing “ Brewster 's ” Warbler was also found .
These are just some of the reports for today . View local eBird checklists in the mocosocoBirds region via eBird 's Region Explorer . Use the following links :
The eBird Hotspot Primer is here and can also be accessed via the Hotspot menu item on the mocosocoBirds.com website .
@ mocosocoBirds at Twitter is another communications stream . Instant field reports and links of interest are tweeted throughout the day . The latest tweets appear on the sidebar of this page . One can follow mocosocoBirds at Twitter or link to @ mocosocoBirds .
Finis
The European Union 's antitrust investigation team has released preliminary statements on how it will rule on the question of whether Microsoft abused its dominant market position to push the adoption of Internet Explorer ; the remarks are not encouraging . The investigation is not over—Microsoft still has time to issue its own formal response to further concerns the EU raised in January—but the company may need a Hail Mary pass to escape the penalty the EU is prepared to level .
Jonathan Todd , spokesperson for the EU Commissioner for Competition Neelie Kroes , gave the website EurActiv a peek into what the commission is planning in the event that Microsoft can not successfully answer the EU 's questions . `` If the Commission 's preliminary conclusions as outlined in the recent statement of objections were confirmed , '' Todd said , `` the Commission would intend to impose remedies that enabled users and manufacturers to make an unbiased choice between Internet Explorer and competing third party web browsers . '' There 's also a hefty fine attached to the remedy , but it 's the browser issue we 'll focus on .
`` Unbiased , '' in this case , means `` bundled . '' Under the proposed penalty , Windows would prompt the user to choose one or more browsers to install and query which browser should be set as default . This query could occur at first boot ( as described ) , or could possibly be set by an OEM like Dell or HP ; users could theoretically customize their browser selections during the process of ordering a system .
Technically , there 's no reason why this plan would n't work . Browser install packages are n't particularly large , the installations tend to be quick ( particularly on a brand-new OS installation where there 's nothing to import ) , and it should n't be too hard for Microsoft to build an installer that would run once , set browser choices , download updates ( or redirect to appropriate update websites ) and then exit . Asking users to install a browser of their choice is less complex and more attractive than , say , forcing Microsoft to sell a version of Vista or Windows 7 without a media player . Interestingly EuroActiv quotes an unnamed commission official as stating that the remedy that forced the creation of Windows XP N `` was rubbish . ''
The problem with the `` ship your competitor 's browser '' approach is that it requires the EU to define which browers are and are n't considered competitive with Internet Explorer . Firefox makes the cut without question , as does Safari , but those three browsers account for 97.37 percent of the browser market according to NetApplications . If we assume that Marketshare 's numbers are at least ballpark-accurate , that other 2.63 percent are split between a number of other options , including Chrome ( 1.12 percent ) , Opera ( 0.57 percent ) and Netscape ( 0.57 percent ) . Below that , we have `` other '' at 0.22 percent ; this presumably includes all the various OSS Web browsers .
The EU 's proposed remedy could create enormous customer confusion if it is n't deployed carefully , and it runs the risk of harming future browser development . Microsoft may have initially gained market share by taking advantage of its near-monopoly in the OS market , but the current browser market is scarcely monopolistic . The browsers that satisfy the EU 's `` competitive with Internet Explorer '' bar , meanwhile , achieve tremendous exposure on their own . This may equalize the situation for Firefox , Safari , Chrome , and Opera , but future entrants could be caught in a catch-22 .
Bryce Harper says he 'd vote for Chipper Jones over themselves for All-Star Game
Bryce Harper is believed by many to be the favorite to win the annual MLB All-Star Game Final Vote out of the National League . Their steepest competition will be Chipper Jones , who has said that this will be their last major league season . Chipper has made seven All-Star teams in their 19-year career , and many believe number eight would be the perfect way to cap off their Hall of Fame-worthy career . Harper is one of those people .
“ I think a Hall of Famer should be able to go to the All-Star game their last year , ” Harper said when asked about the Final Vote according to Amanda Comak of the Washington Times . If I was going to vote , I 'd go vote for Chip . ”
The other three finalists from the NL are Aaron Hill , Michael Bourn , and David Freese . Barring an amazing turn of events , either Harper or Chipper will take the honors .
The moment the Nationals called Harper up to the bigs , most of us were more excited to see the ridiculous things they would say and do to make headlines rather than their superstar abilities . To their credit , Harper has kept their mouth shut when they have to and said all the right things . The clown question incident was completely warranted . Their comments about Chipper are another example of a series of moments that could possibly indicate that the rookie gets it .
H/T Eye on Baseball
Photo credit : Tom Szczerbowski-US PRESSWIRE
×
{ A brief update , 6 pm : Food Not Bombs did bring food and they were allowed to distribute it . The Raleigh police stood down after Mayor Nancy McFarlane and numerous Council members intervened today with Police Chief Deck-Brown and Acting City Manager Perry James . Councilor Mary-Ann Baldwin is pulling this issue into their Law & Public Safety Committee meeting — the Council majority must vote to put it there , which they will do by phone ; but 48 hours notice of the `` meeting '' must be given first , and I think the rule is 48 hours more before the committee can meet . Until the committee has a chance to gather information , Chief Deck-Brown and the city administration have agreed to let the various groups continue to distribute food without being hassled or threatened with arrest , McFarlane said .
McFarlane and Councilor Russ Stephenson came to Moore Square today , talked with representatives of Food Not Bombs . Human Beans and Love Wins ( great names ! ) and with some of the people who depend on these groups for food every weekend . The two officials delivered a clear message that the city will be looking for ways to help get food to the people who need it , not for ways to gum things up . Councilor Baldwin said the same thing to me on the telephone ; they were in another meeting and could n't make it to Moore Square .
None of the three had any forewarning of what the police and city administration were planning , though it 's now clear that this crackdown was in the works for several weeks if not months . Baldwin 's committee ( the other members are John Odom and Randy Stagner ) should find out why they were n't informed ahead of time . But the bigger task is to use this brief crisis — now defused — as an opportunity to see how the city can do more to aid its growing numbers of homeless people and people with homes who are nonetheless poor . ]
The original post from earlier today follows —
This story is exploding on social media since it was posted by Love Wins , a ministry in Raleigh . Human Beans Together is another group suddenly barred by the Raleigh police from giving out food to the homeless in Moore Square on the weekends , when soup kitchens do n't operate .
Folks are heading to Moore Square today at 4 , when Food Not Bombs is intending to do its regular food distribution — or try , anyway .
Read the linked blog post above for background .
Everyone wants to know why the Raleigh City Council is doing this . The short answer is , this is the Raleigh city administration at work , not the Council . Right now , Council members and Mayor McFarlane are working the phones trying to figure out what the administration is doing .. and why .
I posted about the issue on Facebook just now , as follows :
By Michael Snyder - BLN Contributing Writer
Once upon a time , the United States was a land of unparalleled freedom . The rest of the world envied the freedom that ordinary Americans had to think , say and do what they wanted . But all of that has changed . Now Americans have to fear that they will be tackled by a squad of security goons and dragged off to a detention facility somewhere if they spill a Pepsi on a flight attendant or take a few too many pictures of a public building . The United States used to be the polar opposite of totalitarian regimes like Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union , but now America is rapidly becoming very much like them . Due to the fear of a boogeyman living in a cave somewhere or some guy with explosive powder in their underwear we are all being forced to give up our freedoms and learn to live in a Big Brother police state .
But have things really changed so much that we have to give up all of the cherished freedoms that our fathers and grandfathers fought and died for ? Have n't there always been fanatics and crazies and criminals out there ? Why do we suddenly have to become so afraid of them ?
In the past , Americans would not let anyone make them live in fear . If some unbalanced individual did something bad , it was n't the end of the world , was it ? No , in the past Americans dusted themselves off and continued to live as free men and women . You see , when we live in fear and radically alter our way of life just to feel a little more secure , we lose . We have let someone else steal our freedom and our dignity .
But now in the name of `` security '' all kinds of bizarre proposals have been implemented on the local , state and national levels . Somehow we think that if everything that we do is watched , monitored and analyzed we will all be safer somehow .
Maybe we are safer and maybe we are n't , but we are certainly a whole lot less free .
The following are 20 signs that the United States is rapidly becoming a totalitarian `` Big Brother '' police state ....
# 1 ) A new bill being pushed by Senators John McCain and Joe Lieberman would allow the U.S. military to round up large numbers of Americans and detain them indefinitely without a trial if they `` pose a threat '' or if they have `` potential intelligence value '' or for any other reason the President of the United States `` considers appropriate '' .
# 2 ) Lawmakers in Washington D.C. working to create a new immigration bill have decided on a way to prevent employers from hiring illegal immigrants : a national biometric identification card all American workers would be required to obtain .
# 3 ) Barack Obama is backing a plan to create a national database to store the DNA of people who have been arrested but not necessarily convicted of a crime .
# 4 ) Just to get on an airplane , Americans will now have to go through new full-body scanners that reveal every detail of our exposed bodies to airport security officials .
# 5 ) If that was n't bad enough , the Transportation Security Administration has announced that airport screeners will begin roving through airports randomly taking chemical swabs from passengers and their bags to check for explosives .
# 6 ) Starting this upcoming December , some passengers on Canadian airlines flying to , from or even over the United States without ever landing there , will only be allowed to board their flights once the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has determined they are not terrorists .
# 7 ) Organic milk is such a threat that the FDA has been conducting military style raids on Amish farmers in Pennsylvania .
# 8 ) An NYPD officer has broken their silence and has confessed that innocent citizens are being set up and falsely arrested and ticketed in order to meet quotas .
# 9 ) A growing number of police departments across the U.S. are turning to mobile camera systems in order to fight motor vehicle theft and identify unregistered cars .
# 10 ) For decades , Arizona has been known as `` the sunset state '' , but lately many frustrated residents have started calling it `` the surveillance state '' .
# 11 ) Judges and police in Florida have been caught using `` secret codes '' on tickets in the state of Florida .
# 12 ) An extensive investigation has revealed that between 2003 and 2007 , that state of Texas quietly gave hundreds of newborn baby blood samples to a U.S. Armed Forces laboratory for use in a forensics database .
# 13 ) A 6-year-old girl was recently handcuffed and sent to a mental facility after throwing temper tantrums at their elementary school .
# 14 ) One 12-year-old girl in New York was recently arrested and marched out of their school in handcuffs just because they doodled on their desk .
# 15 ) In Florida , students have been arrested by police for things as simple as bringing a plastic butter knife to school , throwing an eraser , and drawing a picture of a gun .
# 16 ) When a mother on a flight to Denver spanked both of their children and cussed out a flight attendant who tried to intervene , they suddenly found themselves handcuffed and headed for prison . Why ? They were charged with being a domestic terrorist under the Patriot Act .
# 17 ) A new global treaty may force U.S. Internet service providers to spy on what you do online .
# 18 ) A leaked Obama administration memo has revealed plans for the federal government to seize more than 10 million acres of land from Montana to New Mexico .
# 19 ) 56 percent of Americans questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll said that the U.S. government has become so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens .
# 20 ) But one other recent poll found that 51 percent of Americans agree with this statement : `` It is necessary to give up some civil liberties in order to make the country safe from terrorism . ''
Find Out More Here ...
tl ; dr : if your site has any kind of login section , you 'll want to switch to HTTPs . You should have done so a long time ago ( security , privacy ) , but now Firefox is giving you even more of an incentive to do so .
This tweet brought it to the attention :
PSA : In Firefox 44 Nightly , `` http : '' pages with < input type= '' password '' > are now marked insecure . pic.twitter.com/qS9LxuRPdm — Richard Barnes ( @ rlbarnes ) October 20 , 2015
If you have a form on your website where one of the fields is of the type= '' password '' , the page will now be marked as insecure in your browser if it is served over a plain HTTP connection .
Here 's what a normal , secure , page looks like with a type= '' password '' input field .
And here 's the new Firefox Nightly display of a similar page , but in plain HTTP ( with a shameless plug to Senioren Digitaal , offering IT classes to elderly people ) .
This change , once it makes it to the mainline version of Firefox ( current Firefox is at version 41 , nightly is at version 44 ) , will make users even more aware of the dangers of submitting passwords to a plain HTTP website .
Every HTTPS/TLS connection can already show you more information in the security panel in Firefox . This warning is shown on plain HTTP connections where there is no Security Panel in the inspector .
If you hover over the warning , you 'll see more information on why the red indicator is shown .
This move from Firefox comes after several discussions of marking HTTP connections as insecure by default . I believe it 's good UX to only show the insecure icon on pages where it actually makes a difference .
Yes , HTTPs everywhere would be a good idea . Privacy and eavesdropping are among the most important motivators . Security is a very nice side-effect .
But since not every website has a login section where passwords can be stolen , marking all HTTP connections as insecure would n't be a good idea . It would just train users to see a red indicator in the upper left corner and consider that the new normal .
We 've now got several ways of marking a connection as insecure , besides the usuals ( expired SSL , invalid hostname , ... ) in multiple browsers :
Password-fields in a plain HTTP site
SHA-1 SSL certificates which expire after 2015
What are your thoughts on this ?
3rd Degree is quite pleased to announce the addition of Nathan Nipper to our writing team . Nathan is a writer , blogger , and soccer coach . Their book Dallas 'Til I Cry : Learning to Love Major League Soccer is one any FC Dallas or MLS fan would enjoy . We certainly hope you enjoy their work here at 3rd Degree . - Buzz Carrick
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
I thoroughly enjoyed the behind-the-scenes documentary The Southampton Way that aired last month on NBCSN . By the end of the hour-long program directed by Roger Bennett ( of Men in Blazers fame ) I was convinced Southampton and FC Dallas are kindred spirit clubs . Southampton 's philosophy of prioritizing youth development as the primary means of staying competitive in the Premier League reminds me of FCD 's respected youth development prowess , which paid particular dividends in 2014 with the contributions of homegrown players like Victor Ulloa and Moises Hernandez . Southampton 's incubator strategy and reliance on astute scouting is borne of necessity - a smaller club with limited resources that can not ( or at least is n't willing to ) break the bank to sign big name players . One thing that has been abundantly clear since I became a close FCD observer is that FCD is most definitely not your Texas-sized , Jerry Jones-esque , cash-splasher . `` Stars '' do n't figure prominently in the FC Dallas way .
Despite the annual understandable consternation of many fellow FC Dallas fans , I think the Hunts care about winning , they just care about it in the Hunt way : a pull yourself up by your boot straps , ruggedly individualistic approach . One might argue that is simply a fancy way of saying they 're `` cheap '' . Let 's just say they 're committed to winning on a budget and apparently they come by this budget approach honestly . Last year I read a gem of a time capsule book , Kyle Rote Jr. 's autobiography Beyond the Goal , published in 1975 in the middle of their Dallas Tornados career . One chapter in the book is titled `` Full-Time Dedication - Part-Time Pay '' and describes an interesting standoff between Rote , Jr. on behalf of Tornado players and team owner Lamar Hunt over wages ( Rote writes that their salary was $ 1,400 in 1973 - the season they won the NASL scoring title and Rookie of the Year Honors ) . The players needed more and Uncle Lamar was reluctant to accommodate . Rote , Jr. writes :
Lamar Hunt is the most dedicated owner in the league [ the old NASL ] . They have been with soccer over eight years now and is determined to make it go . They have an uncanny grasp of professional sports and is one of the most respected men I know…
However , after all the pleasant amenities , when the business begins , Lamar is also one of the shrewdest men alive . They are extremely astute when it comes to money and they are a tough negotiator .
Rote , Jr. describes receiving the 1975 Big D award from the Dallas Chamber of Commerce . Lamar Hunt was the presenter . Some people at the event asked Rote , Jr. 's wife for their reaction to their husband receiving the honor and they joked , `` Well , Kyle finally got something from Lamar without having to negotiate . ''
Philosophically and fiscally , I understand the FC Dallas way and mostly agree with it . In an ideal soccer world , maybe this is how all clubs would operate , that is , cultivating their own talent and spending responsibly . But it 's not an ideal soccer world and until the FCD way wins MLS Cup without marquee players , this approach is just a theory . Last season the FCD way looked almost genius as they were one of the best teams in the fierce Western Conference , and might 've made it to the MLS Cup Final minus that away-goals quirk . But is the FCD way sufficient in MLS 3.0 ( or whatever version we 're on now ) ?
My fear , shared by many FC Dallas fans if Twitter is any indication , is that FCD is falling behind in the rapidly shifting MLS economy . Take Toronto FC for example , perhaps the polar opposite to the FCD way , with their Jermain Defoe and Michael Bradley splurges last year , and then besting those deals with the brain-cramping bazillions recently blown to get Jozy Altidore and Sebastian Giovinco . It 's very risky and I really would n't want that splurge approach at FC Dallas . But what about a hybrid model : homegrowns , under-the-radar scouting finds , and a marquee DP or two ? I get being fiscally responsible and all , but this is a sporting/entertainment business and every once in awhile you need to throw the fans a bone .
For a few seasons now Dan Hunt has tossed out vague references to potential DP acquisitions , perhaps even a big name U.S. Men 's National Team player , yet nothing of the sort materializes . FC Dallas has once again had a very quiet offseason , meanwhile frustrated fans digest a steady news stream of other MLS clubs signing stars and announcing USL Pro team affiliations . The recent arrival of a player named Kyle Bekker at FCD triggered cynical jokes that the club gets off-brand versions of players - who 's next , Clint Demp ? Michael Brad ? FC Dallas ' reputation that they 're unwilling to spend makes it even harder to lure big name talent . Couple this reputation with Dallas ' perceived comparative lack of cosmopolitan appeal for hip foreign soccer stars , and you have the formula for a perpetually mid-table club .
To be fair , the Hunts ' keeping a tight grip on the wallet is n't entirely to blame for the lack of big name stars and perhaps by extension championships . North Texas soccer fans must shoulder some blame for the lack of star-purchasing power - our market does n't demand it , as we still do n't consistently sell out Toyota Stadium . Yes , FCD fandom is spreading and the crowds are growing . There is great buzz about the club in 2015 . But we still have gobs of soccer fans in the Metroplex who do n't support FC Dallas at all . Until we have a long waiting list for season tickets and have Toyota Stadium bursting at the seams , perhaps we get the team we deserve .
I know I 'm giving the impression that FC Dallas has a weak roster but that is decidedly not the case . This is a strong team with a ton of potential . I believe in Oscar Pareja 's leadership . I believe Matt Hedges is a future U.S. Men 's National Team starter . Zach Loyd is still an often overlooked ( by MLS media ) defensive asset . Mauro Diaz is a potential league MVP if they can string together a season without injuries . Tesho Akindele has momentum from their MLS Rookie of the Year honor and USMNT call up . No defender in the league wants to see Fabian Castillo running at them with the ball in the box . Things look very solid on the goalkeeper front with Chris Seitz and Dan Kennedy . There is plenty of reason for much enthusiasm about the returning squad .
Still , that giddy fan side of me would love to get the energizing boost of a reasonably priced `` name '' DP to complement the current roster . Someone like , say , a Michael Essien . I know , I know , that ship has sailed ( or more likely was never even in the harbor ) . I could n't help but get excited about that rumor though , as Essien was my favorite Chelsea FC player during a couple seasons in their prime ( before their terrible knee injuries ) . Some have pointed out that Essien would n't be a good fit soccer-wise for FC Dallas anyway . Call me blinded by sentimental fandom ( because I often am ) , but Essien still has a couple great seasons left in him . MLS would suit them very well at this point in their career . So what would be the harm in making an offer to an Essien-like player , someone `` big '' enough to get fans jazzed , but without the extravagant Altidore/Giovinco price tag ?
Many MLS DP 's not named Robbie Keane have been major league flops , so throwing money at famous names is always a gamble . This season will be a watershed one for the league in measuring DP value with the debut of so many new ones like Kaka , David Villa , Frank Lampard , and Steven Gerrard . As hard as it is to admit about a Western Conference rival , the most successful MLS franchise over the past five years is LA Galaxy - the club that essentially invented the superstar DP system . As much as I approve of the rather underdog FCD way , the approach may not be adequate if the ultimate goal is indeed winning MLS Cup . This season is a very big one for FC Dallas on several fronts , and perhaps a sink or swim test of the FC Dallas way in this brave new MLS world .
Nathan Nipper is a high school soccer coach and writer from the Dallas area who 's blog Total Football Cafe covers many soccer topics . They are the author of the award winning book Dallas 'Til I Cry : Learning to Love Major League Soccer .
The degree of intermediation by the Federal Reserve in the issuance of US Treasuries hit a record in Q2 , accounting for just under 50 % of all net UST issuance absorption . This is a startling number , as the Fed 's $ 164 billion in Q2 Treasury purchases dwarfs the combined foreign/household UST purchases of $ 101 billion and $ 29 billion , respectively , over the same time period . In fact , the Fed was a greater factor in UST demand than all three traditional players combined : Foreigners , Households and Primary Dealers , which amounted to a $ 158 billion in net Q2 purchases .
This dramatic imbalance puts a lot of question marks over how the upcoming hundreds of billions in incremental Treasury purchases will be soaked up , now that QE only has $ 15 billion of capacity for USTs : with Households lapping up risky assets it is unlikely they will look at Treasuries absent some dramatic downward move in equities , while Foreign purchasers , which many speculate are in a game of Mutual Assured Destruction regarding UST purchases , have in fact been aggressively lowering their purchases of Treasuries ( from $ 159 billion in Q1 to $ 101 billion in Q2 , an almost 40 % decline in appetite ! ) . Will the US make these purchases much more attractive come October when QE for USTs ends ? And if so , what kind of rates are we talking about ? One thing is certain : in terms of priorities of the Federal Reserve , keeping the equity market buoyant , is a distant second to ensuring successful auction after auction well into 2010 . After all there is near $ 9 trillion in budget deficits that need financing over the next 10 years .
From Morgan Stanley :
Flow of funds : The Fed also released its flow of funds data for Q2 on September 17 . The main points are that : Households reduced Q2 Treasury purchases from their blistering pace in Q1
Foreign accounts reduced Q2 UST purchases as the Fed ramped up Q/E ops
Bank Q2 purchases remained anemic despite the fall in other lending options
Broker/dealer purchases were high but not sustainable , expect Q3 moderation Households out…The salient points here include confirmation that the ‘ households ' bid for $ 377 billion Treasuries in Q1 was a one-time reallocation trade as this account took down a much smaller $ 29 billion in Q2 . We were afraid that this flow would not be sustainable , as the ‘ households ' category really includes non-profits and other organizations that simply performed a one-time reallocation trade out of risky assets after their horrid performance in Q4 of last year .
Fed nudges out foreign bid…What is a bit worrisome at first glance is the slowdown in Treasury purchases by ‘ foreign ' accounts from $ 159 billion in Q1 to $ 101 billion in Q2 . Part of this likely reflects the crowding out of foreign investors by the Fed 's Treasury QE program which bought $ 164 billion Treasuries in Q2 ( or close to 50 % of the quarter 's net issuance ) after a mere $ 16 billion purchase in Q1 .
We anticipate this crowding out to continue in the Q3 data but for foreign accounts to return in Q4 once the Fed 's program expires . Bank buying still not large enough…While ‘ banks ' have been ramping up their Treasury holdings with the latest quarter-on-quarter increase of 11 % , the corresponding notional amount of $ 14 billion is still a bit of a disappointment considering the lack of alternative investment opportunities ( e.g. , C & I loans , home equity lines and consumer lending have all decreased in Q2 ) . In fact , the ‘ broker/dealers ' category experienced a much larger increase of $ 28 billion in Q2 . This is generally consistent with the trend we 've seen in the primary dealer positioning data from the Fed in for the first half of 2009 , when primary dealers were reducing their Treasury shorts as they were also reducing their riskier longs in order to bring down the size of their balance sheets . With broker/dealer balance sheets now closer to the right size , we anticipate the broker/dealer buying has slowed down in Q3 .
All else equal , these are precisely the questions that keep the Chairman up at night . The answers should present themselves quote soon .
Website names and shames child sex offenders
Updated
Australia 's first public sex offenders register has gone online , publishing the names and faces of known child sex offenders in Western Australia .
The names and faces of about 50 paedophiles have been published on the State Government website , which is being set up in fulfilment of a 2008 election pledge .
The launch is being closely watched by other states , but there are concerns it will prompt vigilantism and cases of mistaken identity .
The website will provide information on some of the state 's most dangerous and repeat child sex offenders , including their photos , names and the suburbs in which they live , although it will not give out specific addresses .
Through the website , parents can also ask police about the criminal history of people who have unsupervised contact with their children .
Acting Detective Senior Sergeant Darryl Noye says they are confident offenders will not be at risk as a result of the site .
`` It is leading Australia in providing parents with what would have been confidential information , '' they said .
`` Previously they would not have been aware potentially that someone is a reportable offender if that person has access to their children . ''
WA Police Minister Liza Harvey says despite the website , parents need to be vigilant .
`` What I would like to put out there to parents is that there 's no substitute for common sense and for parental supervision , '' they said .
The founder of Bravehearts , Hetty Johnston , doubts the website will work .
They have told the ABC the best way of keeping children safe is to introduce mandatory sentencing for repeat offenders .
`` Western Australia needs two strikes legislation just like everybody else does , '' they said .
`` The human rights of our children have to be placed as a priority over the civil rights of repeat , recidivist sex offenders . ''
In order to access information , users will have to hand over some of their own , including their licence details .
The photos of offenders will be watermarked with the user 's name , so if they are ever posted on Facebook or misused , police will know where they have come from .
But Jonathan Davies from the Australian Lawyers Alliance says it is only a matter of time before the website leads to vigilantism and cases of mistaken identity putting innocent people in harm 's way .
`` Violence , damage to property , slashed tyres and broken windows . These things will flow and they will have no practical remedy , '' they said .
The president of WA 's Criminal Law Association , Linda Black , is also worried about how some members of the community will deal with the information .
`` The concern is that if these people are identified down the track , potentially at a time where they have rehabilitated , whether people will try and track them down in some kind of vigilante action and take their version of the law into their own hands , '' they said .
`` And there is also a risk we have a very real concern about as to whether the release of this kind of information may lead to the misidentification of people as sex offenders . ''
But Senior Sergeant Noye says vigilantism is never acceptable .
`` It then puts the person who takes the matter into their own hands , it puts them at risk as well , '' they said .
Anyone found guilty of harassing an offender identified on the website faces a jail term of up to 10 years .
The website 's launch did not go to plan with a technical glitch initially preventing the general public from accessing the site .
It can be found at www.communityprotection.wa.gov.au
Topics : sexual-offences , law-crime-and-justice , information-and-communication , community-and-society , wa
First posted
What 's the problem here , exactly ? Tassilo von Parseval , via Flickr .
Imagine a citywide policy that could reduce the incomes of the poor , worsen traffic congestion , make living in a city more expensive and less convenient , and fine small businesses . It would be a remarkable achievement , putting the limited power of urban governance to maximum bad effect .
Well , congratulations to New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on hitting the stupid-policy quadfecta with their announcement on Thursday of a crackdown on electronic bicycles , or e-bikes .
Though technically illegal to use in New York state , the battery-powered bicycles have helped the city 's more than 50,000 bicycle deliverymen keep pace with perennial demand for take-out food and surging requests for deliveries of groceries and consumer products . The bikes are perfectly suited for the demands of the job : They facilitate affordable , rapid transportation of lightweight goods through a metropolis with virtually no remaining streetspace , without generating exhaust or noise .
On Thursday , de Blasio announced the nation 's largest city would start fining restaurants in addition to operators , expanding and formalizing a style of broken-windows policing favored by the NYPD , which has confiscated 900 e-bikes this year . Their justification ? E-bikes are “ just too dangerous , ” the mayor said at a press conference .
How dangerous are they ? Nearly 70 pedestrians ( and 13 cyclists ) have been killed by cars , trucks , and buses in New York City this year . No one has been killed by a bicycle . As for e-bikes in particular ? The NYPD has no data on e-bike accidents or complaints . Nor does the city have any information about how the crackdown affects restaurants or riders . De Blasio was acting on instinct : The crackdown began when a local cyclist , Matthew Shefler , called into their radio show to complain .
It 's not an uncommon grudge for old-school cyclists , who often seem to resent the e-bikes more for the minimal effort of their riders than for their high speeds . Pedal-assist bikes , which provide extra support as you pedal , make cycling a lot easier—especially over long distances and on inclines . They can expand the range of a comfortable bicycle commute by two or three times , and consumers are noticing . In the Netherlands , for example , e-bike sales for the first time surpassed traditional bicycles in 2015 . It 's not hard to see why : A trial conducted by Portland State University researchers gave e-bikes to Kaiser Permanente employees , and found that after 10 weeks , the percent of participants who called themselves “ strong and fearless ” or “ enthused and confident ” bikers had risen from 38 to 52 percent . The number of people commuting once a week by bicycle more than doubled .
Still , the greatest potential gain for e-bikes could be in the logistics business . Deliveroo , the Seamless of Europe , has been making e-bike deliveries for years . Delivery app DoorDash has given couriers e-bikes in Los Angeles , San Francisco , Vancouver , and Washington , D.C. UPS announced a trial in Portland in December . In addition to being much cheaper than cars , the bikes are easy to maneuver and park in crowded urban environments .
All this falls by the wayside if the city follows through on de Blasio 's announcement . And if the city fines restaurants , New Yorkers should be prepared for their deliveries to get slower , less dependable , and more expensive . But the real burden falls on the workforce . In the Village Voice , Stephen Miller has a great rundown on the perils of the profession , whose workers are caught between dangerous streets , exploitative bosses , demanding customers , and a police force eager to make a show of something , anything in a city with historically low crime rates . On top of everything else , the new policy creates more incentives for police to stop and question undocumented immigrants .
But do n't worry , says de Blasio : Restaurants and other delivery coordinators are welcome to make deliveries by car .
A DETECTIVE was convicted of theft after stealing hundreds of pounds from a police evidence safe , it has emerged .
The Fife Constabulary officer took more than £600 that had been confiscated from an arrested man .
The theft , at Kirkcaldy police station , only came to light when officers tried to return the money to its rightful owner .
The outraged victim then hit back at the force by displaying a poster in the window of their home revealing a police officer had stolen from him .
They then complained to the Police Complaints Commission for Scotland ( PCCS ) , claiming that officers visited them on numerous occasions to try to force them to remove the poster .
Compensated
The man was eventually compensated out of police funds , and received an apology from a superintendent .
The chain of events is revealed in a report by the PCCS , which investigated several complaints by the unnamed man against Fife Constabulary .
The report said the man 's home was raided on April 9 , 2009 and £605 seized.Later the following month , prosecutors ordered that the money be returned to the man , who was convicted of an offence .
The report continued : “ On 26 May 2009 the property custodian at the police office discovered that the money was missing from the safe .
“ It was later established that the money had been stolen by a police officer who was not involved in the case against the applicant .
“ The officer was subsequently convicted of theft and is no longer in the police service . ”
Poster
The victim of the theft then stuck a poster in their window which read : “ A CID Officer stole a large amount of money from me . They got the sack and I got the dole . ”
According to the report , the man claimed police visited their house 11 times , telling them to take the poster down .
The man said in their complaint to the PCCS : “ I have n't broken any laws with my protest so why are you lot breaching my human rights , I have freedom of speech . ”
The PCCS report rejected three of the four complaints but upheld the man 's complaint about a delay in returning the money .
John McNeill , the commissioner of the PCCS , said : “ The manner in which this complaint was dealt with by Fife Constabulary was not reasonable . ”
A Fife Constabulary spokesperson said : “ The Force respects the findings of the PCC report . An officer resigned from the Force and was later convicted of theft . ”
One thing you almost never see when an airplane lands is a blowout . Think about that : Again and again , the tires hit tarmac at 170 miles per hour and bear the weight of a modest office building . And they nail it . Every time .
Aircraft tires are amazing when you think about it . The typical airliner tire can handle a 38-ton load . It can meet the ground 500 times before needing a re-tread , a refresh it can take on seven times in its life .
A Boeing 777 uses 14 tires , Airbus ' A380 carries 22 , and the enormous Antonov An-225 demands 32 . The key to their remarkable durability is maximizing the air pressure , says Lee Bartholomew , lead test engineer for Michelin Aircraft Tires . The high-flying rubber is typically inflated to 200 psi , roughly six times what you put in an automobile tire , and the tires on an F-16 fighter are pumped to 320 psi . “ It 's really pressurized air that 's so strong , ” they say .
Michelin
The tires themselves are n't terribly large— a Boeing 737 rides on 27x7.75 R15 rubber . In English , that means it is 27 inches in diameter , 7.75 inches wide , and wrapped around a 15-inch wheel . The sidewalls are n't terribly thick , and the strength of the tire lies in the cords embedded below the tread , Bartholomew says . They 're typically nylon , and more recently a variety known as aramid . Each layer of the casing contributes to its load bearing and air pressure resisting capabilities . Of course , tires can fail , especially when under-inflated or overloaded . Treads can come off and casings can blow out .
In the first moments after a plane touches down , the tires are skidding , not rolling . The airplane essentially drags them down the runway until their rotational velocity matches the velocity of the plane . That 's why they smoke upon landing , and why Michelin uses grooves instead of the block patterns seen on your car 's rubber—blocks would simply break off . ( Most tire wear comes from this moment of contact—where the rubber meets the runway . ) The stoutest tires are rated for speeds of up to 288 mph .
To develop a new sort of tire , or test a tweak , Michelin starts with computer simulation , followed by prototyping . Then it tests how the tires do when they 're overloaded or pushed past their speed limit , on simulated takeoffs , landings , and taxiing . Like everything in aviation , tires must meet specific and demanding rules—for example , a tire must withstand four times its rated pressure for at least three seconds .
“ It is almost impossible to blow out a tire by over inflating it , ” Bartholomew says . “ In fact , in cases where tires have been over-inflated , the wheel actually fails before the tire . ”
By The New York Times
After four years of ministering to the lost , lonely and heartsick , the Sugars say farewell on this final episode of the podcast . We take a look back at some of our most powerful advice , hear from former guests , and talk to listeners about how the show has affected their lives .
We 've had a diverse collection of guests on Dear Sugars : writers , musicians , doctors , even a presidential candidate ; but all offered wisdom in an unpretentious way . In today 's episode , the Sugars listen and respond to voice mail messages from some of these guests , and recount cherished memories from their episodes .
We also get an update on a letter the Sugars answered in an episode titled “ What About the Stepchildren ? ” The letter writer who called themselves “ Tired of Being Cinderella ” recalls what it felt like to hear their letter read aloud , and we find out if they confronted their father about the abuse they endured at the hands of theirs wife .
Finally , the Sugars share what saying goodbye means to them , speaking with radical empathy straight into our ears , one last time .
A series of power outages in Los Angeles , San Francisco , and New York City on Friday left people across the country struggling to complete their morning commutes . There is currently no evidence to suggest that this is more than just a coincidence , despite worries about some sort of cyberattack .
New York City was hit with outages at 6 a.m. , followed by an outage in Los Angeles , and San Francisco later in the morning . Officials have announced that the the San Francisco outage was caused by a substation fire . No one has identified causes for the outages in New York or Los Angeles yet , but there are a number of possibilities based on major power outages that have shut down cities over the last few decades . There have not been any reports from officials linking the outages to a cyberattack .
The San Francisco police department made a statement on Twitter to clarify that the San Francisco outage was caused by the substation fire . The tweet directly addressed the anxieties surrounding the three power outages across the country , emphasizing that the outages are coincidental , and not linked .
# SFPD understands concerns reg . coincidence of outages in other cities . PG & E identified that the # sfpoweroutage is due to equipment failure . — San Francisco Police ( @ SFPD ) April 21 , 2017
Department of Energy : The Electrical Grid is Vulnerable
However , without causes for the outages , a number of people on Twitter have voiced anxieties about the series of outages being linked to a cyberattack . A report from January , in which the U.S. Department of Energy released a brief warning that the electrical system was vulnerable has only made those anxieties worse . No linkage between the outages has been substantiated , and blackouts occur semi-regularly due to software bugs , issues in grid-overload , and infrastructure problems like downed tree limbs .
Initially , it was unclear if the fire in the Larkin Street Pacific Gas and Electric Company Substation in San Francisco had fire caused the outages , or started after the power had already gone out . By 3:30 p.m. the company told Reuters that the fire at the substation was the primary cause of the outages in San Francisco .
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep , and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs . Buy Now
# SFFD says they do n't know if the fire at the # PG & E substation started the power outage or the outage sparked fire . No injuries . @ kron4news pic.twitter.com/n7XKSMJx49 — Maureen Kelly ( @ KRON4MKelly ) April 21 , 2017
Even if the other outages were not caused by fires like they were in San Francisco , massive power outages have occurred semi-regularly over the last 50 years . The blackout of the Northeast in 2003 was the most recent incident before Friday . At the time , the 2003 outage was the second largest blackout in the world , and caused by a bug in the software of an alarm system in a FirstEnergy control room in Ohio .
Other possibilities for today 's blackout include accidental overloads of the system during peak usage this morning . This happened in New York in 1965 when a transmission line was accidentally turned on and overloaded the electric grid , creating a domino effect that shut down the city .
This story is developing and the article will be updated as more information becomes available .
In the frantic “ arms race ” between bacteria and modern medicine , bacteria have gained an edge . In recent decades , bacterial resistance to antibiotics has developed faster than the production of new antibiotics , making bacterial infections increasingly difficult to treat . Scientists worry that a particularly virulent and deadly “ superbug ” could one day join the ranks of existing untreatable bacteria , causing a public health catastrophe comparable with the Black Death .
Related articles
Get our weekly newsletter directly in your inbox ! Sign up
Now research led by Doctor Udi Qimron of Tel Aviv University 's Department of Clinical Microbiology and Immunology at the Sackler Faculty of Medicine has discovered a protein that kills bacteria . The isolation of this protein , produced by a virus that attacks bacteria , is a major step toward developing a substitute for conventional antibiotics . “ To stay ahead of bacterial resistance , we have to keep developing new antibiotics , ” said Qimron . “ What we found is a small protein that could serve as a powerful antibiotic in the future . ”
“ The enemy of my enemy is my friend ”
Bacterial resistance is a natural process . But over the past 60 years or so , the misuse and overuse of antibiotics has pushed more and more bacteria to become resistant , undermining one of the pillars of modern health care . Recently , the World Health Organization named growing antibiotic resistance one of the three greatest threats to public health .
Bacteriophages , often referred to as “ phages , ” are viruses that infect and replicate in bacteria . Because they co-evolved with bacteria , they are optimized to kill them . As proof of their endurance , phages are the most common life form on earth , outnumbering bacteria 10 to one . In places like the former Soviet Union , phages have been used to treat bacterial infections for the past hundred years . Harmless to humans , they inject their DNA into bacteria and rapidly replicate , killing their hosts .
“ Ever since the discovery of bacteriophages in the early 20th century , scientists have understood that , on the principle of the ‘ enemy of my enemy is my friend , ' medical use could be made of phages to fight viruses , ” Qimron explained .
Finding the right piece of the puzzle
Dr. Qimron and their colleagues set out to understand how all 56 proteins found in a particularly virulent phage called T7 , which infects E. coli bacteria , contribute to its functioning . They discovered that one of the proteins , called 0.4 , impedes cell division in E. coli , causing the cells of the bacteria to die . The protein is common to many bacteria and a similar process occurs in all bacteria , so the finding may have wide application .
No bacteriophage preparation has been approved in Western medicine for treating systemic bacterial infections . One reason is their inability to penetrate body tissues effectively . They are filtered effectively from the bloodstream by the spleen and liver , and occasionally neutralized by antibodies . But the 0.4 protein is much smaller than a whole phage , and so should be able to penetrate tissue better , getting to the bacteria to do its deadly work .
The major challenge for pharmaceutical companies will be figuring out exactly how to deliver the protein as a drug , said Qimron . In the meantime , they continue to hunt for other proteins that kill bacteria .
Doctor Ido Yosef , Ruth Kiro , and Shahar Molshanski-Mor of TAU 's Sackler Faculty of Medicine and Doctor Sara Milam and Professor Harold Erickson of Duke University contributed to the research , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Photo : Bacteria spheres 3d illustration by Bigstock
[ ndn ] http : //launch.newsinc.com/share.html ? trackingGroup=91520 & siteSection=goodhousekeeping & videoId=28442260 [ /ndn ]
Update 2/6/14 : An identification expert from the Natural History Museum in London revealed that the `` creature '' was probably the head of a tongue-eating louse . Known as Cymothoa exigua , the parasitic louse lives inside a fish , entering through its gills and attaching itself to the host 's tongue . However , follwing an investigation , tuna company Princes said lab results show the creature to be a very small , immature crab , known as `` Megalopa . '' Either way , Princes apologizes for the mishap and says the animal `` represents no food safety risk . ''
Imagine opening up a can of food for lunch , and you notice something alien-like inside ... looking right at you . Scared yet ? Well , that 's exactly what happened to Zoe Butler , 28 , from the U.K .
Almost immediately after opening up some Princes tuna , Butler spotted a `` sea creature '' they knew was n't supposed to be in their food . `` I opened the top of the lid and saw a purple-y thing , a gut sack or intestine — then I turned it round and pushed it with a fork and saw it looking back at me… It 's got like a spiny tail along the bottom , '' they told the Nottingham Post .
They then ( as anyone else would ) screamed in horror . They eventually contacted the company , sending them images of the animal , which is thought to be a type of crab . They quickly responded and apologized . Since they kept the creature as evidence , they will send the can ( and the critter ) to Princes so they can investigate what happened .
What is THIS ? Mum makes a very odd discovery in their can of tuna : http : //t.co/Hhy1EON5Bj pic.twitter.com/2h4Q73yVSZ — NottinghamshireLive ( @ nottslive ) January 22 , 2015
Butler says she 's not looking for any form of payment or a lifetime supply of tuna . `` I just want to find out what it is and to make sure it does n't happen to somebody else . ''
TELL US : What 's the grossest thing you 've ever found in your food ?
NEXT : How Safe Is Tap Water to Drink ? »
This story originally appeared on WomansDay.com
More from Woman 's Day :
• 10 Strange Objects Found in Food
• Shocking Ingredients in Your Favorite Foods
• 10 Daring Global Delicacies
[ via TheBlaze.com
This Stanley Cup Playoff has brought a lot of attention to Florida hockey . A packed barn with rabid fans and great TV ratings . Success has not been limited to the playoffs either . An NHL team in Florida was top 10 in NHL attendance this year and averaged 98 % capacity . The bummer for the Florida Panthers is that it is happening less than 300 miles to the north of Miami , in Tampa . How can a city with less than half the population of Miami be so much more successful than the Panthers ? If you listen to the critics online , hockey can not work in Florida…yet here we are , one time thriving while the other struggles .
Success on the ice
As with most teams and sports , the single biggest thing that impacts attendance is winning and more specifically , reaching the playoffs . Often the attendance lift happens the year after making the playoffs while people set on locking in playoff tickets by becoming season ticket holders the following year . So let 's take a look at the success rates of NHL Franchises .
Some of you that grew up with hockey might not know this , but Playoff hockey is the gateway drug to hockey . Tampa Bay has seen average success in getting into the playoffs where Florida has struggled . You can see the impacts of their success on their attendance records of both teams below .
As I 've called out many times before , this year 's substantial drop in Florida was expected as new ownership went through a strategy shift of no longer offering deeply discounted tickets .
Bandwagon ?
I know…why should winning impact attendance , I mean “ real fans ” go to see their team play regardless right ? Well not so fast my friend . With rare exception , ( see Edmonton & Toronto ) most teams struggle to draw attendance during a stretch of poor performance .
USA Hockey Growth in Florida
I have never thought that you need to play hockey to be a hockey fan but hockey participation can be an indicator on how it is doing . Unfortunately USA Hockey only provides detail at the state level but it is clear that Hockey is taking roots in Florida .
There are 25 USA Hockey territories with over 5000 USA Hockey memberships and of these , Florida has seen the 5th highest growth over the last 10 years .
Since I started this project people assume I want to see the Coyotes or Florida move to Seattle . I have several “ discussions ” with friends on the topic as well . Do I think those franchises should relocate ? The answer is a resounding , No . I do n't know if the Panthers will stay in Florida but I do know that they need to win to stay and I believe the new ownership group is taking the necessary steps to make it work .
A lot of Seattle Sports fans had their hearts ripped out when the Sonics left so the last thing I am rooting for is to do that to another community .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Columnist
Former Lebanese prime minister Saad Hariri is being held by Saudi authorities under what Lebanese sources say amounts to house arrest in Riyadh , apparently as part of the Saudi campaign to squeeze Iran and its Lebanese ally , Hezbollah .
A startling account of Hariri 's forced detention was provided Friday by knowledgeable sources in Beirut . It offers important new evidence of the tactics used by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to bolster their rule by mobilizing anti-Iran sentiment at home and abroad .
[ Click here to read this story in Arabic . ]
Rumors of the virtual kidnapping of Hariri , who resigned as prime minister last Saturday while in Saudi Arabia , have rocked the Arab world ; Lebanese officials worry that MBS , as the 32-year-old crown prince is known , wants to force Lebanon into their confrontation with Iran . Some Lebanese analysts complain that the Saudis treat the Hariri family , who have been bankrolled by Riyadh for decades , almost as a wholly owned subsidiary .
According to the well-informed Lebanese sources , the tale began on Monday , Oct. 30 , when Hariri traveled to Saudi Arabia for a personal meeting with MBS . With the crown prince was Thamer al-Sabhan , their key adviser on relations with other Arab states .
The meeting seemed to go well , the Lebanese sources said , with talk of continued Saudi support for Lebanon , even though Hezbollah dominated the Hariri-led government .
Hariri returned to Lebanon on Nov. 1 and met with the Lebanese council of ministers to brief them on their conversations in Riyadh . Sources said they told the group that the Saudis would back plans for an international conference in Paris on the Lebanese economy , a Rome meeting to support the Lebanese army and a joint Saudi-Lebanese council to encourage investment . Hariri told their cabinet , including Hezbollah representatives , that Lebanon would n't be a Saudi target , even though it was widely expected that MBS would be taking a tougher stance on Iran . Those reassurances proved wrong .
Hariri planned to return to Riyadh to meet with King Salman on Monday , Nov. 6 . But the timetable was accelerated after Hariri received an urgent call from MBS 's protocol team asking them to see the crown prince on Friday , Nov. 3 , and spend the weekend with him . The Friday meeting did n't happen , and Hariri stayed that night at their lavish home on Al Takhassossi Boulevard in Riyadh .
What allegedly happened next is the scary part of the story . At about 8 a.m. Saturday , unusually early for the kingdom , Hariri was summoned to meet MBS . The trappings of protocol were gone ; Hariri traveled in two cars with only their personal security . They were out of sight for several hours .
Hariri next appeared publicly on television , at about 2 p.m. , reading a statement saying that they were resigning as prime minister because of Iranian threats on their life and Tehran 's export of `` devastation and chaos . '' Such belligerent language about Iran was uncharacteristic for Hariri , and none of their regular speechwriters were consulted about the speech .
Just before the broadcast , the Saudi state-owned al-Arabiya news network is said to have announced that Hariri would be resigning . As their apparently prerecorded speech was shown on television , Hariri called Lebanese President Michel Aoun and said they could n't continue in the job and would be returning to Beirut in a few days .
Hariri did n't return to their Riyadh home until Monday , and reportedly stayed Saturday and Sunday nights in a villa on the compound of the Ritz-Carlton , where the prominent Saudis detained in Saturday night 's anti-corruption sweep are being held . Hariri met with King Salman on Monday , and then traveled to Abu Dhabi to meet with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed , who has been a mentor for MBS .
Back Tuesday at their residence , now carefully screened by Saudi military security , Hariri met over the next several days with diplomatic representatives of the United States , Russia and major European powers .
What do the Saudis want next ? The Lebanese sources believe Hariri 's harder-line older brother Bahaa may be Riyadh 's candidate for prime minister . Other Hariri relatives were summoned to Riyadh last week but refused to go ; it 's said that Bahaa was already there . The sources also say that Bahaa sent Safi Kalo , a close adviser , to meet secretly 10 days ago with Druze leader Walid Jumblatt to discuss future strategy for Lebanon , but Jumblatt is said to have left the meeting , refusing to discuss the subject .
The Lebanese sources told me they are worried about maintaining internal stability . In recent years , Lebanon 's once-warring sects have been united in trying to sustain the country despite the conflict raging next door in Syria . This internal security , especially precious for Lebanese after nearly two decades of civil war , seems at risk now .
The Lebanese feel , once again , like a Middle East ping-pong ball . They want their prime minister back home .
Read more from David Ignatius 's archive , follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook .
Patch 1.0.6a Release For a Single Bugfix A minor 'fastpatch ' released as part of Tuesday 's maintenance
Blizzard ( Blue Tracker , Official Forum ) Post by Update : Patch 1.0.6a is now live in the Americas , and Diablo III is available to play .
-- --
We will be performing scheduled maintenance for Diablo III starting tomorrow ( 12/11 ) at 1:00 a.m. PST in order to deploy our 1.0.6a fastpatch . We anticipate that maintenance will conclude and that all services will be available by approximately 11:00 a.m. PST .
Important : Please note that you will not be prompted to download patch 1.0.6a until the patch is live in your home region . If you are logging in from a European or Asian client , you will need to wait for this patch to release in that region before it can be installed . Additionally , if your home region is the Americas , you will be unable to log into Europe or Asia using Global Play after patch 1.0.6a is live until those regions have also patched .
For reference , here are the scheduled maintenance times for each region :
The Americas : 1:00 a.m. PST to 11:00 a.m. PST
Asia : 12:00 p.m. PST to 2:00 p.m. PST
Europe : 8:00 p.m. PST to 10:00 p.m. PST
Please note that these times are estimated and subject to change . For time zone assistance , please visit : : Patch 1.0.6a is now live in the Americas , and Diablo III is available to play. -- -- We will be performing scheduled maintenance for Diablo III starting tomorrow ( 12/11 ) at 1:00 a.m. PST in order to deploy our 1.0.6a fastpatch . We anticipate that maintenance will conclude and that all services will be available by approximately 11:00 a.m . PST . : Please note that you will not be prompted to download patch 1.0.6a until the patch is live in your home region . If you are logging in from a European or Asian client , you will need to wait for this patch to release in that region before it can be installed . Additionally , if your home region is the Americas , you will be unable to log into Europe or Asia using Global Play after patch 1.0.6a is live until those regions have also patched.For reference , here are the scheduled maintenance times for each region : : 1:00 a.m. PST to 11:00 a.m. PST : 12:00 p.m. PST to 2:00 p.m. PST : 8:00 p.m. PST to 10:00 p.m. PSTPlease note that these times are estimated and subject to change . For time zone assistance , please visit : http : //everytimezone.com Diablo III Patch 1.0.6a – v.1.0.3.10485
Visit our
The most recent hotfixes can be found
Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue that could occur when attempting to upgrade from the Diablo III Starter Edition Visit our Bug Report forum for a list of known issues The most recent hotfixes can be found here
Blizzard ( Blue Tracker , Official Forum ) Post by
We 're very much around ( and will be around tomorrow , too ) , but we 're quite busy behind-the-scenes . We do n't have much new information to share at the moment , but the development team is currently working on some content updates for an upcoming patch , and we hope to share more details on that in the near future .
( Note : We 'll be releasing 1.0.6a You would be incorrect about the festivities , but we ca n't fault you for guessing ! We 're very much around ( and will be around tomorrow , too ) , but we 're quite busy behind-the-scenes . We do n't have much new information to share at the moment , but the development team is currently working on some content updates for an upcoming patch , and we hope to share more details on that in the near future . ( Note : We 'll be releasing 1.0.6a tomorrow , but it 's just a fastpatch , not a content patch . Sometimes certain issues ca n't be hotfixed , so we 'll need a full patch to address them . )
The news earlier about the 10 hours of maintenance on Tuesday listed the minor hotfixes expected to go in with it . It looks like there will also be an actual patch , but with even more minor fixes . It fixes an issue for players who have problems upgrading from the Diablo III Starter Edition , to the full game . That 's all it has , do n't expect any big additions ! The folks at Blizzard are still working on the next big content patch , as mentioned by another blue post . We wo n't be getting any of that yet , though.The patch is now live ! For those having problems with , check out the Tech Support announcement to help with that.Jump past the break for all the details , and the downtime schedule.The official announcement of scheduled maintenance provides the details on the tiny patch that is being released with Tuesday 's maintenance : In a reply to a post , which imagined that the Blizzard employees must be taking the day off , Vaeflare points out that they 're still hard at work on the next patch.We 'll keep an eye out for those details that will hopefully be arriving in the `` near future '' , as mentioned . With the current schedule , we 'll probably see some information about the next big patch over the next few weeks ; it may even go up on the PTR . We likely wo n't see the next patch actually released until January , if not later .
A couple years ago , Sweden 's liberal political elites went completely bonkers by offering their nation as a home for unlimited Syrian refugees at a time when two million had been driven out by the Islamic civil war . There 's no way that one-tenth that number of Muslim Middle Easterners could be successfully settled in Sweden ( population 9.6 million ) , which still has a semblance of European culture even though Swedo-elites worship diversity with a scary intensity .
Despite determined liberalism , the crazy-generous refugee policy has smacked up hard against realities of unemployment , stressed housing , worsened violent crime and reaction of the citizens to increased taxes for diverse immigration . One in four Swedish women are raped , an increase due to Muslim immigrants who believe that rape is a weapon of jihad .
So there have been Second Thoughts about the Muslim immigration project .
Even NPR took notice of the dreaded B-word : Sweden 's Immigrant Influx Unleashes A Backlash ( Feb 5 ) .
But objections from concerned Swedes about the unraveling of their society have only influenced the stubborn left government to ratchet up diversity such that there is no escape from it : a law is being written that would spread refugees all over the country . No town would be safe from immigrants . No Swede would be permitted to live in a traditional manner , away from Muslim diversity .
Resistance is futile ! All will be assimilated into the perfect utopian Diversistan !
News in Science
Emoticon language is 'shaping the brain '
Emoticon brain Emoticons such as smiley faces are a new language that is changing our brain , according to new Australian research published in the journal Social Neuroscience .
Since emoticons first appeared in the 1980s , they have become an integral part of our communication , especially in text messages and emails .
`` Emoticons are a new form of language that we 're producing , '' says researcher , Dr Owen Churches , from the school of psychology at Flinders University in Adelaide , `` and to decode that language we 've produced a new pattern of brain activity . ''
According to Churches , faces are very special from a psychological point of view .
`` Most of us pay more attention to faces than we do to anything else , '' says Churches , who has been studying the neuroscience of face perception for several years .
`` We know experimentally that people respond differently to faces than they do to other object categories . ''
They say when we look at an image of a real face , we recognise the position of the mouth relative to the nose and the eyes , and as a result very specific parts of the brain are activated .
When this image is inverted , we get another specific pattern of brain activity .
Churches wanted to find out if the same applied when we looked at a smiley face emoticon , which is a stylised representation of a smiling human face .
Electrophysiology study
Churches and colleagues presented 20 participants with images of real faces , smiley face emoticons ( involving the use of a colon , hyphen and parenthesis ) , and a meaningless string of characters .
They used electrophysiology to determine the pattern of electrical activity in the brain when the participants viewed the different stimuli , and also studied what happened when all stimuli were inverted .
While face-specific brain activity was triggered by the images of real faces both upright and inverted , they were only triggered by the emoticon when it was in the conventional configuration : - ) .
`` If that sequence is reversed with opening parenthesis , hyphen , colon ( - : , areas of the brain most readily involved in face perception are n't able to process the image as a face , '' says Churches .
Stripped of the familiar configuration , they say , the parenthesis , hyphen and colon no longer represent mouth , nose and eyes and become just a series of punctuation marks again .
Culture shapes brain
The smiley face emoticon first appeared in a post to Carnegie Mellon University computer science general board from Professor Scott E Fahlman in 1982 .
Since then , the same pattern of activity as evoked by faces has become attached to what was previously just punctuation .
`` There is no innate neural response to emoticons that babies are born with . Before 1982 there would be no reason that ' : - ) ' would activate face sensitive areas of the cortex but now it does because we 've learnt that this represents a face , '' says Churches .
`` This is an entirely culturally-created neural response . It 's really quite amazing . ''
Student emails
Churches interest in emoticons was triggered by emails they were getting from students which regularly featured smiley faces ( in the correct configuration ) .
`` I got a large number of emails from students that went something along the lines of 'Hey , Owen , can I have an extension on that assignment ? ' And then they would sign off this request with a smiley face emoticon . ''
Just as well they typed the punctuation marks in the correct order or Churches may not have got the message .
17 . Pan of Duchess of York with Weight Watchers slimmers , zoom in and out on Duchess of York
8 . Medium shot of Weight Watcher 's 'success story ' Kathy Zajackowski , with old `` before `` picture of Zajackowski in back
English/Nat
Britain 's Duchess of York , `` Fergie '' made their debut on Wednesday as a highly paid spokesperson for the slimming company , Weight Watchers .
According to Weight Watchers officials , the Duchess of York - at one time labelled `` the Duchess of Pork '' by the media - has lost 40 pounds with the programme .
The Duchess spoke to reporters in Manhattan about their new job , and about their own weight problems .
The diet company Weight Watchers international has a new spokesperson , Sarah Ferguson , the Duchess of York .
`` Fergie '' , as they are known , spoke to the media at the Pierre Hotel in Manhattan .
They were introduced by the President of Weight Watchers Les Parducci .
UPSOUND : ( English )
`` Ladies and gentlemen , it is my pleasure to welcome the new spokesperson for Weight Watchers International , in the United States , Sarah Ferguson , Duchess of York . ''
The former wife of Britain 's Prince Andrew , Sarah talked about how their own weight problems had been constantly monitored by the press .
SOUNDBITE : ( English )
`` The media once dubbed me 'Great Fun Fergie - they were the breath of fresh air ' and then it was just 'round ' and then just 'Fat Fergie ' which gave way to 'Fat and Appalling Fergie ' and ultimately my favourite and the best one of all , whoever thought it up , 'Fergie , the Duchess of Pork ' . You 're right , I can stand up here and laugh , but boy did it hurt . ''
SUPER CAPTION : Sarah Ferguson , Duchess of York
The Duchess , who has themselves used the Weight Watchers programme on and off in the past , has a one year contract with Weight Watchers to act as their U-S spokesperson .
They said their duties will include travelling to various Weight Watchers meetings around the States .
The Duchess also answered questions about whether their job as a spokesperson would be over if they gained weight .
SOUNDBITE : ( English )
`` Well , firstly I think you 're great to say I 'm skinny - are you saying I 'm skinny ? Thank you very much , I 'm really pleased with that , I like that , no one 's ever called me that . The thing is , obviously , if you do anything from your heart and you do it honestly and with passion and with integrity then I would not be right if I then gained weight and stood up here saying Weight Watchers programme worked , because it would n't be right . ''
SUPER CAPTION : Sarah Ferguson , Duchess of York
The Duchess has been in great demand lately as a front for companies .
SOUNDBITE : ( English )
`` The Duchess of York is a royal , and she 's one of the most down-to-earth people I 've ever met , so they have great appeal . They tell the truth about their life and what 's important to them and I think people can really relate to that . ''
SUPER CAPTION : Linda Webb-Carilli , Weight Watchers spokesperson
Recently , Fergie has been plagued by debt , but they say the time is right to look ahead , not past .
SOUNDBITE : ( English )
`` You 've just got to get on , you know . I 've got two lovely children , you 've got to get on and work , you 've got to be the working mum and I 've got a weight problem and I 've got to keep control of my life - so it 's all part and parcel of the same thing and I 'm delighted that I 'm able to be standing here in 1997 and going forward . ''
SUPER CAPTION : Sarah Ferguson , Duchess of York
The Duchess has stipulated that they only appear with Weight Watchers in the U-S , and not in their native England .
Russia is ready to supply about $ 1.2 billion worth of weapons and military equipment to the Central Asian nation of Tajikistan , which is currently threatened by invasion from the Islamic State , a leading Russian business daily reported .
The Kommersant Daily newspaper quoted unnamed sources in the Russian General Staff as saying the amount of planned military aid to Tajikistan could reach 70 billion rubles ( over $ 1.2 billion at current rate ) within the next few years .
The arms and equipment would include personal weapons and ammunition , communication systems , aircraft , artillery systems and missiles . Most of the aid will be second hand hardware currently on the Russian forces ' balance , the sources said .
The aid will be rendered within a major program of joint modernization of Tajikistan 's military signed between Moscow and Dushanbe in 2014 . The major objective is to strengthen the border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan . The task has become especially vital after the Coalition Forces ' withdrawal from Afghanistan and the growing threat from the so-called Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS/ISIL ) .
In early March , Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov told reporters Russian intelligence had information about increased activity of IS cells near the southern borders of the Russian Federation , and in particular near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border . To counter the threat , Russia has beefed up its military bases in Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan , the official added .
“ We received confirmation the Islamic State is making contacts with terrorists in Russia 's North Caucasus . We will bear this in mind when we make decisions aimed at strengthening Russia 's security and protection of its borders , ” they noted . The growth of territories occupied by IS in Libya also caused particular concern , as well as the start of mass executions in that country .
READ MORE : Russian Muslims denounce ISIS as ‘ enemies of Islam '
The head of Russia 's Security Council Nikolai Patrushev said in a March press interview that the Russian Federation planned to coordinate the additional steps in combating IS with partners in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization ( the Eurasian military-political bloc uniting China , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia , Tajikistan , and Uzbekistan ) .
Patrushev also said Russia was interested in cooperation with the United States in the common fight against the Islamic State . They added the existing exchange of intelligence data was already helping to achieve positive results .
Russia is currently maintaining a 7,000-strong military base near Tajikistan 's capital Dushanbe , the largest Russian military contingent in Central Asia and one of the strongest units in the region . In 2013 , Tajikistan agreed not to charge rent for the base , in return for major Russian aid to its military forces and drug enforcement agency , delivered in weapons and hardware .
Michael Flynn never asked President Trump to interfere or block federal probes , according to people close to the former national security adviser .
“ Flynn never spoke to the president about trying to end or influence any ongoing government investigations of him , ” Fox News was told .
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that a memo from James Comey alleged that Trump tried to end the FBI probe of Flynn during a private meeting in mid-February .
The White House has disputed the account .
People close to Flynn told Fox News they could not speak to Trump 's private conversation .
The former Obama Defense Intelligence Agency director has been a key figure in the Russia investigation since last year .
A Justice Department probe of Flynn 's foreign contacts with Turkey began in November . The probes would ultimately expand to include a counterintelligence case examining Russian contacts . A source said the DOJ probe was “ fast tracked by upper levels of the Department of Justice , ” where Sally Yates was deputy attorney general at the time .
Yates , though , told The New Yorker this week that when they took over as acting attorney general on Jan. 20 , “ I expected this to be an uneventful few weeks . ”
Documents obtained through Freedom of Information Act request and published in March 2017 by The Daily Caller show that Yates , who was later fired by Trump for refusing to defend their ‘ travel ban , ' was sent information about a Flynn investigation under the Foreign Agent Registration Act ( FARA ) on Jan. 27 . This was the same day Yates warned the White House counsel that Flynn might be subject to blackmail over their conversations with the Russian ambassador .
Yates also told The New Yorker that Flynn 's name appeared , unredacted , in intelligence reports regarding their discussions with the ambassador , Sergei Kislyak .
Those close to Flynn said Yates ' confirmation of this unmasking is “ extremely unusual ” and “ exceptional ” since Flynn is an American and was part of the incoming administration .
Flynn 's close associates say this is evidence they were singled out by the previous administration or intelligence community , calling it “ intentional . ”
Those close to Flynn dispute claims that the contents of the call with the Russian ambassador left Flynn vulnerable .
* Correction appended
Less than eight months after breaking ground , the company constructing one of the state 's largest solar plants says it has begun harnessing West Texas ' intense rays .
First Solar , based in Arizona , announced Thursday that it had completed the first phase of its Barilla Solar Project , adding about 18 megawatts of solar capacity to Texas ' electric grid . The company expects to have a total of 30 megawatts installed by the end of the year , said Colin Meehan , its director of regulatory affairs .
On average , one megawatt-hour of solar energy can heat and cool as many as 100 Texas homes for an hour during the hottest summer days . During average temperatures , it can power many times more .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The 200-acre project sits in Pecos County , part of the Permian Basin , a region better known for its prolific oil production .
“ Projects like this bring good jobs to the local economy , while diversifying our energy sources , '' state Sen. Carlos Uresti , D-San Antonio , said in a statement .
Joe Shuster , the Pecos County judge , said they hope folks will one day call their slice of the region the “ Texas solar patch . ”
Barilla is not the largest solar project in Texas . CPS Energy 's Alamo project in San Antonio ( 41 megawatts , with plans for additional plants that would total 400 megawatts ) and Austin Energy 's 30-megawatt Webberville facility have it beat . And last May , Austin Energy signed a deal with a California company to build a 150-megawatt solar farm somewhere in West Texas .
But the Barilla project is unique in Texas because its developers – confident that their electricity can compete on the open market – have forged ahead without signing a power purchase agreement , which would guarantee a buyer for their energy .
Texas , because of its size and intense radiation , leads the nation in solar energy potential . Much of that resource is in the state 's western half , according to the State Energy Conservation Office . The industry has long struggled to get a foothold in the state , as policymakers have provided fewer incentives than other states , and solar energy currently makes up a tiny fraction of Texas ' energy portfolio .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
But improving technology has driven down the price of solar power , making it more competitive with other resources­ – even without incentives , developers say . And West Texas is a particularly attractive location for solar plants because of its wide-open spaces and proximity to power lines . The region 's transmission structure has been bolstered by the $ 7 billion Competitive Renewable Energy Zone project , built to send wind power from the west to Texas ' growing cities in the east .
“ It 's just like any other resource rush , ” Meehan said . “ We 're going to see something like we saw with wind . ”
Editor 's note : An earlier version of this story incorrectly referred to state Sen. Carlos Uresti , D-San Antonio , as state Rep. Carlos Uresti .
Disclosure : CPS Energy is a corporate sponsor of The Texas Tribune . A complete list of Texas Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here .
It 's a man 's world . Well , in some places more than others .
On average , American women make only 79 cents for every dollar American men earn . Yet when it comes to unequal pay , not all states are equal .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Numbers crunched by 24/7 Wall Street determined which states women may want to avoid . For example , your average working woman in New York makes 86 cents for every dollar a working man makes . But in Louisiana , the pay gap widens to 66 cents for every male dollar . Clearly women are either not getting equal pay for equal work , or not getting equal work in the first place . Louisiana 's oil and natural gas businesses often require heavy lifting , literally , and the riskier the job , the higher the pay .
What about leadership opportunities for women across America ? Healthcare ? Education ? 24/7 Wall Street looked at all of those stats to determine which states are worst for women . Before you say West Virginia or Alaska , wait . Do n't burn your bra in Charleston or Anchorage just yet .
# 5-North Dakota
North Dakota is in the middle of a massive energy boom , but its female residents may benefit only indirectly . 24/7 Wall Street reports the median income of women in North Dakota is less than $ 35,000 a year , compared to $ 50,000 for men . `` The magnitude of the gender wage gap may be due to the relatively small proportion of women in management positions , '' the report said . Only about one in four management jobs in this state were held by women in 2013 .
# 4-Mississippi
Story continues
Women in Mississippi make about $ 10,000 less a year than men , and the men do n't make that much in the first place . Low pay may be partly due to lack of education , as less than 84 % of females complete high school , lower than the national average . Mississippi also has the worst `` health outcomes '' for women of any state in the country . Additionally , no woman represented Mississippi in Congress last year . On the plus side , 24/7 Wall Street said Mississippi had one of the highest percentages of women in management jobs -- 43 % . `` Unfortunately , this did not seem to result in higher wages for women . ''
# 3-Idaho
Women in Idaho only make 76 cents for every dollar a man makes . Talk about a hot potato ! Only one in three management jobs is filled by a female , yet two out of three people on Medicaid here are women . `` Idaho also lacks family-friendly paid leave and sick time laws , '' which generally impact women more than men .
# 2-Wyoming
Wyoming 's motto is `` Equal Rights , '' but apparently that does n't mean equal pay . Here women earn 69 cents for every male dollar -- only Louisiana is worse . However , unlike Louisiana , 94 percent of Wyoming women are high school graduates . Their annual salaries averaged $ 36,000 in 2013 , compared to $ 52,000 for men ( among the highest in the country ) . One reason the men get paid so much is because a lot of jobs are tied to mining .
# 1-Utah
Really ? Utah is the worst state in America for women ? According to 24/7 Wall Street , it is . Even though things like female poverty and mortality rates are quite low here , women in Utah only make 70 cents for every male dollar earned . `` Women were also less likely than women in the vast majority of states to hold leadership roles in government . ''
Hey , anyone notices that the three worst states -- Idaho , Wyoming and Utah -- are all right next to each other ? It 's like a Bermuda Triangle for women !
-- Comments , Questions , Suggestions ? Tweet us @ TopBestMost
Diana of Themyscira , daughter of Hippolyta , haver of green armpits ? Still taken from the trailer
Over the weekend , Warner Bros. dropped a brand-new trailer for Wonder Woman , with Gal Gadot reprising their role as Diana of Themyscira . And while fans and critics alike have already dissected the trailer frame by frame , there 's one crucial detail that we still need to address : Gal Gadot 's armpits look … weird .
Not all the time , mind you , but at one very specific moment in the trailer . If you pause at the 1:41 mark , you can see that as Gadot hoists an entire armored vehicle into the air , their underarms appear to be unnaturally smooth and enveloped in a vaguely green haze . It 's a blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment that becomes much more obvious when you consider how many other outlets made that otherwise pretty badass moment the thumbnail when posting their own version of the trailer .
It turns out that the internet is already plenty preoccupied with celebrity armpits in general , and with Gadot 's in particular , so it did n't require that much digging to determine that in real life , Gadot 's pits are perfectly ordinary and are not , in fact , shielded by mysterious blobs of light . Heck , even elsewhere in the same trailer , when they 're not front and center , Gadot 's pits look totally normal . So why do they appear so strange at this particular moment ? Is this just a trick of the light ? Or perhaps the inevitable result of that combination of that ubiquitous orange and teal filtering and the low lighting that makes so many films and television shows look unbearably dark ?
Gal Gadot 's unobscured armpits , exposed where anyone can see them . Valerie Macon/AFP/Getty Images
The simpler answer is that Gadot 's already-silky pits were probably digitally bleached in postproduction , perhaps out of fear that we as moviegoers are n't ready to see the creases of a woman 's unobscured armpit in close-up . You might be saying , Really , armpits ? Is this seriously still happening in 2017 ? There 's certainly precedent : Just last year Maxim apparently airbrushed Priyanka Chopra 's armpits into Barbie-like smoothness for their July 2016 cover . Even so , it seems like an enormous waste of effort to recolor the underarms of Wonder Woman themselves for a split-second scene , especially when the obvious editing is much more conspicuous than the unaltered lady pits alone could ever be .
On the other hand ( or in the other armpit , in this case ) , maybe the digital team is actually deliberately calling attention to the area underneath Gadot 's arms . Maybe the movie 's mad scientist villain , Doctor Poison ( Elena Anaya ) , has been doctor-poisoning Wonder Woman this whole time , using them deodorant . What a twist that would be .
0 SHARES Share Tweet
CBC Radio 's Q with Jian Ghomeshi hosted a debate on the term “ rape culture ” yesterday , which could have actually been interesting and productive , had producers made better choices in terms of how they framed the conversation .
I do consider “ rape culture ” to be a useful and accurate way of describing the way in which sexual violence has been normalized and sexualized in our culture . There is simply no denying that , when we see male students “ joking ” about raping female students , as we did recently at the University of Ottawa , when fraternities are untouchable on campus despite the fact that the “ Greek scene ” is a cesspool of toxic masculinity and sexual violence , when students at Canadian universities participate in “ rape chants ” during frosh week while fellow students are actually being raped on campus , when violent pornography that depicts sexual violence is defended as “ just a fantasy , ” or when we learn that acting out rape scenes is a way for us to recover from our own trauma , when women are afraid to walk alone at night , and when women are afraid to be home alone at night in their own homes — this is a rape culture . We 're living it , every day .
That said , there could have been a “ debate ” of sorts around the usefulness of the term . We live in a rape culture because we live in a patriarchy . “ Joking ” about raping women is a manifestation of woman-hating — it 's a way of putting women in their place — of showing us who 's boss . “ You may have some form of power , you may have a voice , but we can still rape you , ” is essentially what those male uOttawa students were saying to Anne-Marie Roy , president of the Student Federation of the University of Ottawa . The normalization and sexualization of male power in porn and the notion that violence against women is just a healthy , sexy , fantasy , detached from reality , is part of the backlash . I mean , the snuff porn genre is a real thing that exists . Women being hurt and humiliated in “ mainstream pornography ” is normal . This reality is even defended by some who call themselves “ sex-positive feminists. ” Women who confront these issues are often accused of being prudish . Talk about a backlash…
If I were going to argue against the term “ rape culture , ” I would argue that it has the potential to detach sexual violence from the larger systemic oppression and hatred of women and the backlash against feminism . The concern with terms like these is that they might allow people to compartmentalize and therefore to avoid addressing the root of the issue , instead opting for a more superficial strategy of addressing rape that involves prevention and intervention without addressing sexism . At the end of the day , rape happens because of gender inequality , in general , as well as because of the marginalization of poor women and women of colour . And if we 're not willing to talk about that , as well as objectification , pornography , and the sexualization of inequality , we have little hope of addressing and combating the epidemic of sexual violence that consumes our culture , globally .
But I think many of us are having those conversations and so , just as I think “ porn culture ” is a useful term that describes the way in which pornography has infiltrated our day-to-day lives and shaped our sexualities and the way we understand gender roles , I also think “ rape culture ” is a useful way of describing the reality of women 's lives in a system that condones sexual violence .
But back to the debate . It was due either to ignorance or a desire to create controversy that the producers of CBC 's Q decided to invite conservative political pundit , Heather MacDonald , on the show to provide Men 's Rights Activists with even more fuel for their rape-denying fire . All that decision did , though , was make listeners ( rightly ) angry and contribute to dangerous and untrue stereotypes and myths about rape and victims of sexual assault .
MacDonald began the conversation by arguing that if rape really was the widespread problem feminists claim it is on university campuses , young women would simply stop enrolling in post-secondary school .
“ If colleges were this tsunami of sexual violence and predation that is claimed , we would have seen a stampede to create and demand alternatives — whether sending girls to single-sex schools or private tutors… Instead , every year the onslaught to get females… into college increases , ” they said .
Allow me to make some comparative arguments :
“ If domestic abuse were really such a big problem , would n't women stop getting married ? ”
“ If single mothers really did n't get the support they needed , would n't women just stop having babies ? ”
“ If street harassment was really a real thing , would n't women stop going out on the street ? ”
“ If women were really afraid of being assaulted in elevators , parking lots , and public bathrooms , would n't women just stop getting on elevators and going into parking lots and public bathrooms ? ”
You get the picture ?
Women ca n't simply avoid participating in public life because of male violence . I mean , part of the reason why things like street harassment happen and why women who enter into public life and even gain some level of power are punished via sexual harassment is because they stepped out of line — into public spaces and into male domains . It 's why women like Julia Gillard , Australia 's first female Prime Minister , are turned into pornography — to remind them that they are to-be-fucked and that regardless of how much they achieve , men still do not respect them as human beings . Men still have the power , is the message . Male violence teaches us not to fight back , not to fight for a voice , not to fight for liberation . Caving to those threats is n't going to protect us — it never has .
In fact , as pointed out by listener , Natalie Hill ( Ghomeshi , along with CBC Q 's web producer , Fabiola Carlett , read some listener responses on air this morning ) , the fact that so many young women go off to university despite the fact that there is a high risk they will experience sexual assault , as well as “ the fact that so many young men attend university , with their family support , without taking the time to ensure they understand sexual assault and how not to commit it ” proves that rape culture exists — meaning that sexual violence is seen as normal and inevitable and is not discussed or viewed as an important issue to confront .
Beyond that , MacDonald 's suggestion that women simply get “ private tutors ” in order to avoid this supposed rape epidemic on campus is ridiculously naive and based on the assumption that everyone is wealthy ( which , I suppose , is the way folks like MacDonald would like to see access to post-secondary education go… ) .
MacDonald suggests that if all these sexual assaults were “ real ” rapes , there would have already been action taken by school authorities and that women would have been warned to stay away from areas that are dangerous .
For starters , I mean , we 're all wondering why , when officials and the public alike are well aware that sexual violence on campuses across North America is a huge problem , it has n't been taken seriously . But the fact that this issue has been ignored by many does n't prove that rape culture does n't exist — it proves that sexual violence is n't seen as a big deal and that people do n't really believe it 's possible to force men to stop doing it . This is exactly why women are told , for example , not to walk alone at night , to carry pepper spray , and to learn self-defense — because we , as a culture , think rape is inevitable and that the best we can do is teach women to try to avoid being assaulted .
MacDonald goes on to blame the problem on young women 's drinking habits and , in a roundabout way , defends men by saying that they just do n't know any better because they 're drunk ! Like , ok… if you 're going to blame sexual assault on drinking , then perhaps make the argument that if young men are getting so drunk that they ca n't tell the difference between sexual assault and consensual sex , they should be the one to watch their drinking — not the women who are getting raped .
As Lise Gotell * , chair of the department of Women 's and Gender Studies at the University of Alberta and the other guest on the show , points out : “ we can not end sexual violence by wrapping young women in cotton wool. ” They also remind MacDonald that rape is n't something that is limited to college campuses , pointing out that “ Canada has a population roughly the size of California and in the 2009 General Social Survey [ conducted by ] Statistics Canada , 676,000 Candians reported having experienced sexual assault in the last 12 months. ” So what 's the solution , MacDonald ? Women stop existing ?
It really just keeps getting worse as the show continues . MacDonald brings up , as “ proof ” that all these rape allegations are not valid , the fact that women sometimes have sex with their rapists after the assault , which only confirms how little they understand about perpetrators , victims , and rape culture . As all of us who have been paying attention and many women who have experienced sexual assault know , stranger rape is less common than acquaintance rape and yes , it 's actually very likely that if you are raped by your husband or your boyfriend or a date , you may well have sex with that person in the future . This does not mean that the rape did n't happen . It means that rape happens all the fucking time and that it is very much a part of women 's relationships with men . Women often stay with their abusers , too . Does that mean those women are not really being abused ? Does it make the abuse their fault ? FUCK NO .
Later in the debate , MacDonald suggests that “ chivalry ” is the solution for ending rape and argues that if women would simply boycott sex with men , they 'd stop raping them . Which makes little sense if one considers that rape is nonconsensual . And why on earth would remove consent convince men who do n't feel they need consent to stop committing sexual assault .
This part of their argument implies that women are getting raped because they 're too easy . Ok . So rape happens because women are too willing to have consensual sex ? Got it . No , no , wait ! It 's because women are n't making men put on suits , buy them flowers , and take them out on dates ! RIGHT . Because , as we just discussed , Ms. MacDonald , most rapes are acquaintance rapes . So going on dates is n't going to prevent sexual assault . In case it still is n't clear , the one and only thing that will prevent rape is men not committing rape .
In classic victim-blaming form , MacDonald then dismisses the problem of rape on account of female victims not being traumatized enough . This notion that victims should behave in certain ways lest they not count as “ real victims ” is a troubling one . Women are complex beings and the fact that we often go on to live productive lives despite the trauma and abuse many of us are forced to endure does not erase our victimization . We cope . In different ways . Many women do indeed suffer from PTSD as a result of sexual violence , it 's true . But to use women 's success against us — to say that we are n't “ really ” victims because we 've survived or even thrived , is sick . Wow gee ! Women have been “ coping ” for centuries with male violence , patriarchy must not really exist ! Naw , we persevere . ( And then are accused of being “ damaged ” and “ bitter ” when we do display a negative attitude around our oppression . )
Finally , MacDonald suggests that rape culture , as an idea , exists because “ feminists have a lot of power. ” But do n't you think that if feminists were so incredibly powerful , rape culture would have been addressed by now ? Do you think we 've invented male violence just so we have something to talk about ? Because , fun ! Now give me all my money and power . That I 've gained from , you know , criticizing systems of power .
Something worth “ debating ” would be how best to address rape culture and how to ensure that men and women alike learn what sexual assault is and why it is n't ok. What might have been interesting and productive would have been a discussion around whether or not the term “ rape culture ” is the best way to convey why sexual violence is a global epidemic . This is most certainly a discussion worth having . The discussion we most certainly do not need to have is the one that reinforces dangerous and untrue stereotypes about why and how rape happens and whether or not it is a problem at all .
* Gratitude to Lise Gotell for the reasoned and factual arguments they brought forth in this debate .
Thumbnail photo : Chase Carter/Flickr
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Meghan Murphy Founder & Editor Meghan Murphy is a freelance writer and journalist . They have been podcasting and writing about feminism since 2010 and has published work in numerous national and international publications , including New Statesman , Vice , Al Jazeera , The Globe and Mail , I-D , Truthdig , and more . Meghan completed a Masters degree in the department of Gender , Sexuality and Women 's Studies at Simon Fraser University in 2012 and lives in Vancouver , B.C . with their dog .
By Peter Marcus , DENVER DAILY NEWS
Immigrant rights groups are gearing up for what is sure to be a heated battle in Washington over comprehensive immigration reform .
Groups gathered in community centers , churches , restaurants , union halls and living rooms across the nation and in Colorado Wednesday night to participate in a national teleconference town hall on immigration reform . The event included Congressman Luis Gutierrez , D-Ill. , who has outlined a series of core principles that they say should be part of a comprehensive reform effort .
At the heart of the battle is finding a pathway to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrants .
Fueling the debate is remarks by White House Senior Advisor David Axelrod and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who stated last week their commitment to reform , signaling a push for legislation .
“ Here in Colorado , we demonstrated that communities across Colorado are informed , engaged and taking action to support comprehensive immigration reform legislation in 2010 that supports families , provides a path to legal status , and protects workers , ” said Julie Gonzales , state director of the Reform Immigration for America campaign .
Doubt
Doubt still lingers as to whether Congress will want to tackle the issue , as lawmakers are already facing historical health care reform and controversial energy issues . Some analysts say the legislation will likely be postponed until after mid-term elections next November .
But the White House is calling for immigration reform efforts to begin as early as the beginning of next year . Napolitano has called for a “ three-legged stool ” approach that includes tougher enforcement of immigration laws , including a crack down on employers who hire undocumented workers ; a streamlined system for legal immigration ; and a pathway to citizenship for an estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants .
Earlier this year , President Obama had signaled their support for immigration reform . But then in August , Obama said during remarks in Mexico that immigration reform would have to take a back seat to health care and energy reform efforts . Their statement frustrated immigrant rights advocates .
The proposal being pushed by the White House would require undocumented immigrants to register , pay fines and back taxes , pass a criminal background check and learn English in order to become a legal citizen .
Legislation in 2007 — pushed by President George W. Bush — sought tougher border controls and a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants . Obama supported the legislation , but Bush 's fellow Republicans in Congress killed the proposal .
Would undocumented go through process ?
Critics of the reform effort doubt that many undocumented immigrants would actually go through the effort to become legal citizens . Those with criminal records , or who owe thousands of dollars in taxes likely wo n't go through the process , say critics .
Stan Weekes , director of the Colorado Alliance for Immigration Reform – a group that objects to mass immigration over concerns of extreme population growth — said there are likely thousands of undocumented immigrants out there with criminal backgrounds and who do n't want to pay back taxes .
“ If we granted this path to citizenship , how many of them are going to do it ? ” asked Weekes . “ Why would they turn themselves in to get deported ? ”
They added that many undocumented immigrants are not in the country because they want to be here , but because economic conditions back home are so bad that they are forced to come to America to earn money to send back to family members back home . Many wo n't go through the trouble of becoming citizens because they plan on leaving America once they 've raised enough money to feel comfortable , said Weekes .
“ In reality , it really does n't solve the problem for America — it solves the problem for some individuals who are in the country illegally , but it does n't solve the immigration problem for America , ” they said . “ It 's not to be all , end all — it 's a lie to the American public to say this is a solution . ”
Distributed by Colorado Capitol Reporters
“ We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds ; our planet is the mental institution of the universe . ”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It has often been said that the compassion by which we treat the incarcerated is indicative of the state of our society as a whole . A logical extension of this sentiment would be to bring under scrutiny the conditions by which we care for those whose minds are shaken and broken ; the insane , the mad , the traumatized , the disturbed . In my opinion , the definition of ‘ insanity ' is as loose-weave as the intellects of those who try to define it – I would know , having been accused of madness more times than the average Englishman drinks tea .
When mediocre medical minds exhaust their limited and unimaginative reservoir of knowledge in treating the insane , what is left to them , but to incarcerate the sick and label it ‘ treatment ‘ ? Consequently , methods by which one might restrain a patient are numerous – some designed with the intention of preventing harm to an otherwise violent patient , others seemingly intended to cause the precise opposite – often damaging the already fragile intellects of the afflicted and pushing them far beyond conceivable help .
This week we shall be studying one such device : the infamous Utica Crib , a device that is to mental health what politicians are to society – detrimental to positive development and likely extremely dangerous .
Although used throughout the world in the mid 19th century , the Utica Crib found its most ardent supporters – and detractors – in the United States . First developed in France by Dr. M.H . Aubanel of the Marseilles Lunatic Asylum in 1845 , it was then introduced into America by Dr. Brigham in 1846 and utilized almost immediately in several state institutions , including New York State Asylum .
The design was simple – described as coffin shaped , a bed with barred sides and a hinged roof , 3 feet wide , 6 feet long and 18 inches deep , although with the addition of a hospital grade mattress , this space was reduced to a mere 12 inches . Into this wood or iron cage , patients deemed too unruly for free mobility were placed for periods ranging from a few hours to several days .
This highly inhibitive form of restraint was considered by many to be an upgrade from previous methods such as shackles , small windowless rooms or the straitjacket ( known at the time as the camisole de force – not to be confused with the delicate undergarment of choice , ladies ) . Needless to say , almost complete ignorance of the nature of mental disorders had led physicians and alienists ( the predecessor to the psychologist ) to resort to such extreme measures as a means to prevent harm to the patients and others . Yet with common scientific opinion being that of essentially viewing patients as animals and ‘ wretches ' , negligence and bizarre medical ‘ solutions ' such as the Utica Crib were commonplace .
Additionally it should not be ignored the ‘ symptoms ' identified as reason enough to subject a person to residence within an asylum , such as epilepsy , over-working , masturbation , sexual fervor , impropriety , nervous shaking , war-trauma and the ever vague catch-all , ‘ women issues ' . To resist ones plight within such an institution was to be considered ‘ disruptive ' and liable to have oneself locked within the tiny enclosure .
Understandably , patients were less than enthusiastic at their imprisonment . Dr. William Hammond , an avid protester of the treatment describes in The International Review in 1880 :
“ It is a matter of experience that patients who were [ … ] in the crib , dashing themselves with violence against the bars like a wild lion in its cage when confined… ”
Hammond goes on to describe that patients had died while contained in the cribs . Frequently those who were suffering epileptic seizures or similar afflictions and then placed into the cages died within them in short order . Those already severely distraught would be so panicked that they would suffer heart-attacks and also perish . A British physician alienist Daniel H. Tuke , in their book on insanity in the United States , mentions that , while a proponent of the use of the crib-bed was beneficial to prevent suicidal harm :
“ It is so temptingly facile a mode of restraint , and is on that account so certain to be abused , that I hope it will not be introduced into this country . ”
Defense of the ‘ Utica Crib ' was as fervent as it was devoid of scientific credibility . A most lucid inmate of the Utica Asylum , so eloquently told a reporter how much they liked it :
“ When I occupy this bed I rest easily , for I know where to find myself in the morning . Without such restraint , I might do myself some harm during the night . ”
… leaving one to wonder why in the case of this patient , a hinged , locking lid was even needed . Comfortingly termed by defenders as a ‘ covered bed ' , excuses for utilization ranged from how ‘ getting in and out of bed at frequent periods ' would exhaust the patient and expose them too cold to :
“ So simple and harmless is the contrivance that parents , after seeing them , inquire , “ Why would not this be a good plan to prevent our babies from falling out of their cradles ? ” It certainly would . ”
Despite these reassuring yet ridiculous statements , specific cases of abuse were common . One such was the sad story of Sara Halverson , who in 1867 had seen fit to escape their institutional circumstances , and upon re-capture had been imprisoned in the coffin-crib . So spirited was their opposition to this cruelty , they soon found themselves locked in almost all the time . A record from 1873 reads :
“ Noisy as ever – lower limbs flexed so that knees are drawn up to the chin . Crawls about on buttocks feet & hands – fierce & noisy . ”
Two years later , their confinement remained the same while their physical conditions worsened . June 1874 and March 1875 entries read :
“ No change . ”
Finally in March 1876 , the last known entry reads :
“ Ca n't walk , but is much quieter . ”
Unfortunately neither Sara 's mental ailment nor their ultimate fate is known . Perhaps due to victims of restraint like Sara and patients like her , or due to the mental health institution finally coming to its senses , several years later use of the Utica Crib was gradually phased out and dispensed with . However , as only one option in a portfolio of strange and harmful treatments available to physicians , the poor care and mistreatment suffered by mental health patients was far from over .
( Sources available on request )
Dr. Pembroke – surgeon , physician , alienist ; these are the collected writings of the doctor 's demented journals and articles as they study the peculiar , disturbing and strange history of medicine and macabre through the ages . You can find more of their musings and articles HERE .
On Spotify ? Dr. Pembroke invites you to listen to their collection of unsettling music in their ever-expanding playlist .
You can also find them on The Book Of Faces for their whereabouts , performances and other medically related curiosities .
When news emerged that this evening 's edition of the BBC 's hugely popular motoring programme , Top Gear , was due to feature a segment on cycle safety , it seemed too good to be true – and that 's exactly how it turned out , as it resorted to a re-hash of old jokes and pantomime prejudice against cyclists .
Aired on the eve of the launch of a major new road safety campaign by the AA aimed at fostering more awareness between people in cars and those on two wheels , Top Gear could have seized an opportunity to highlight that they are often one and the same .
Indeed , just as AA president Edmund King called in November 2012 for an end from what they described as a “ Two Tribes ” mentality that often sees motorists and cyclists viewed as breeds apart , Top Gear co-host James May told the Orange Brompton blog last year , “ I particularly hate road sectarianism . ”
You would n't have known that from last night 's show as May , on their Brompton , embarked on what was laughably described as a fact-finding bike ride through London 's West End , accompanied by Jeremy Clarkson on a hybrid .
The tour was undertaken after a panel of experts reacted with dismay to Clarkson and May 's initial efforts to produce what was billed as a “ public information film ” to help stop cyclists being injured .
Those experts were British Cycling policy advisor Chris Boardman , Westminster Council 's commissioner of transportation , Martin Low and Alan Kennedy of Road Safety GB .
Speaking to road.cc last week about Top Gear 's pre-filmed cycling segment Chris Boardman told us this :
“ Anything to do with Top Gear is playing with fire , which is why people watch it , ” they said . “ On the flip side , it 's also a chance to reach a wider ( motoring ) audience and portray ourselves as ‘ one of you ' rather than cycling fanatics . Just normal people with a sense of humour , who 'd like to see more cycling .
“ I 'm not in control of the edit but knowing a bit about making telly , I could see how they could cut it to look several different ways !
“ We 'll see on Sunday if the gamble has paid off . ”
We saw .
Clarkson 's film showed a man leaving the office after working late and driving home to their family . “ John works hard , ” went the voiceover , “ which means they can afford to drive a car . That means they get home to their family safely every night . ”
The strapline , against the image of a bicycle laying on the road with buckled tyres , was “ Work Harder . Get a car , ” an old Clarkson joke and used often enough to be more or less their catchphrase when it comes to cycling .
Mayhave showed people from a variety of professions and trades – medicine , the law , workmen in hi-viz jackets – frolicking in a children 's playground .
The message , as a man rode past on a bicycle ? “ You stopped playing with children 's toys when you grew up . So why ride a bicycle ? Act your age . Get a car . ”
“ You just have n't got it , have you ? Absolutely crazy , ” said Low , their comments presumably unscripted . Meanwhile , Boardman winced .
So off trooped May and Clarkson to undertake their fact-finding mission , clad in hi-viz jackets and wearing cycle helmets and sporty eyewear , concluding that drivers were incredibly courteous , even at Hyde Park Corner , with the exception of those in charge of buses . Indeed their close encounters with a number of London buses did look genuinely terrifying - even the presence of a BBC film crew is it seems no protection .
Disingenuously , executing a right turn was highlighted by the pair as the biggest source of danger to cyclists , so instead they followed a route composed entirely of left-turns . No mention of the dangers posed by cars or lorries , no mention of improving infrastructure .
The films they returned with were as excruciating as the originals . Clarkson 's had a cyclist blown up while attempting to defuse a bomb because of their inability to distinguish between red and green .
“ Cyclists : red and green – learn the bloody difference. ” ( Traffic lights , geddit ? )
May 's began hopefully – footage of Martin Luther King 's ‘ I have a dream ' speech , giving rise to vain hopes of a share the road message . Instead , via John Lennon and Yoko Ono and Christ on the cross , we were told : “ Righteousness is no guarantee of safety . ”
It was head in the hands time again for the panellists .
But wait . There was a fifth film . It was better than the others , which is n't saying much , but it 's message was that more people taking to bikes , while disconcerting for their work colleagues due to their body odour , meant less congestion on the roads – and topped off by a car being driven up a deserted Whitehall .
You might ask , why does this matter ? Top Gear is at heart a light entertainment programme , and Clarkson no more than a pantomime villain , not to be taken seriously .
Except , many do . And it 's reasonable to draw a connection between the abuse cyclists suffer daily on the roads is partly due to the impact of shows such as this – abuse , moreover , that the same people do not get when they are in their car , or on foot .
Reaction on social media varied . AA president King said : “ Top Gear - cyclist advice interesting . AA to film our own tomorrow , ” while Spin LDN said : “ Jeremy Clarkson patronising cyclists not funny , cool or even worth screen time .. so out of touch , total yawnfest . ”
Greater Manchester Cycling Campaign said : “ If @ BBC_TopGear have to make fun of themselves and tries to turn people against bus drivers , does this mean uk # cycling has come a long way ? ”
Meanwhile , Wes Streeting , deputy leader of Redbridge Labour Group and the Labour Party 's prospective parliamentary candidate for Ilford North at next year 's general election , added : “ Cracking episode of Top Gear tonight . 'Red and green . Learn the bloody difference ' . Brilliant . ”
We 'd hoped against hope that the show might give its fans some insight about the issues cyclists face while riding city streets , ones that cause danger and lead to people being killed or seriously injured .
Instead , we got a piece that played for and got cheap laughs , and that reinforced old prejudices , the very same ones that May said they loathed .
If you missed it judge for yourself - point making , if provocative public information film or pointless rehash of old jokes and pantomime prejudice that missed a chance to do some good ? It 's on the BBC iPlayer now .
Still , on the bright side – at least there was no mention of bloody road tax .
Blind is an anonymous community app for the workplace , allowing users to chat honestly with verified professionals in a truly anonymous and safe environment .
The way we engage in conversations about career and work today is fundamentally broken . At Blind , we 're on a mission to flatten professional barriers and bring transparency to the workplace . Transparency results in voice and voice results in change - often for the better .
Recently , we surveyed more than 3,000 users on Blind , asking them if they felt comfortable going to HR to report sexual harassment , and the results are quite eye-opening . Overall , a whopping 42.76 % of employees responded that they do not feel comfortable going to HR to report sexual harassment .
At six of the top 20 tech companies , 50 % or more of employees surveyed do not trust reporting sexual harassment to HR at their company .
The Telegraph reported yesterday :
An underactive thyroid can lead to depression , weight gain , fatigue and aching muscles and affects 15 times more women than men , around 15 in 1,000 women .
“ Underactive thyroid is a particularly nasty thing to have and it can lead to other long term health problems . I do think councils need to think again about putting fluoride in the water . There are far safer ways to improve dental health . ”
New research from the University of Kent suggests that there is a spike in the number of cases of underactive thyroid in high fluoride areas … .
A study of 98 per cent of GP practices in England found that high rates of underactive thyroid were 30 per cent more likely in areas of the greatest fluoridation .
Fluoride could be causing depression and weight gain and councils should stop adding it to drinking water to prevent tooth decay , scientists have warned .
This is not the first study to find that fluoride can cause hypothyroidism . For example , the U.S. National Research Council found in 2006 that there is substantial evidence that fluoride exposure can impact thyroid function in some individuals .
Indeed , doctors in Europe and South America used to prescribe fluoride to reduce thyroid function in patients with over-active thyroids . The doses prescribed were around the same as are now added to many water supplies .
It 's not just the thyroid …
A United States National Academy of Science report , a Harvard meta-review of 27 studies , and many other government and university studies show that fluoride lowers IQ and causes a variety of other serious health problems .
The Harvard School for Public Health reports :
For years health experts have been unable to agree on whether fluoride in the drinking water may be toxic to the developing human brain . Extremely high levels of fluoride are known to cause neurotoxicity in adults , and negative impacts on memory and learning have been reported in rodent studies , but little is known about the substance 's impact on children 's neurodevelopment . In a meta-analysis , researchers from Harvard School of Public Health ( HSPH ) and China Medical University in Shenyang for the first time combined 27 studies and found strong indications that fluoride may adversely affect cognitive development in children . Based on the findings , the authors say that this risk should not be ignored , and that more research on fluoride 's impact on the developing brain is warranted .
Environmental Health Perspectives is a publication of the United States National Institutes of Health 's National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
Harvard 's announcement continues :
“ Fluoride seems to fit in with lead , mercury , and other poisons that cause chemical brain drain , ” Grandjean says . “ The effect of each toxicant may seem small , but the combined damage on a population scale can be serious , especially because the brain power of the next generation is crucial to all of us . ”
The average loss in IQ was reported as a standardized weighted mean difference of 0.45 , which would be approximately equivalent to seven IQ points for commonly used IQ scores with a standard deviation of 15 . Some studies suggested that even slightly increased fluoride exposure could be toxic to the brain . Thus , children in high-fluoride areas had significantly lowed IQ scores than those who lived in low-fluoride areas . The children studied were up to 14 years of age , but the investigators speculate that any toxic effect on brain development may have happened earlier , and that the brain may not be fully capable of compensating for the toxicity .
The researchers conducted a systematic review of studies… . Anna Choi , research scientist in the Department of Environmental Health at HSPH [ and ] Philippe Grandjean , adjunct professor of environmental health at HSPH , and their colleagues collated the epidemiological studies of children exposed to fluoride from drinking water . The China National Knowledge Infrastructure database also was included to locate studies published in Chinese journals . They then analyzed possible associations with IQ measures in more than 8,000 children of school age ; all but one study suggested that high fluoride content in water may negatively affect cognitive development .
No wonder some pediatricians are starting to question fluoride :
br >
Numerous other government reports have shown fluoride 's adverse impacts on intelligence :
[ A ] 2006 National Academy of Science [ report ] reviews the scientific studies which have been performed on fluoride , and concludes :
It is apparent that fluorides have the ability to interfere with the functions of the brain and the body by direct and indirect means . ( bottom of page 222 ) .
The NAS report also notes that fluoride may actually impair intelligence , and that more testing should be done in this regard .
Indeed , studies from around the world continue to find that exposure to sodium fluoride – especially in the very young – lowers IQ . See this and this . The same is true for rats exposed to fluoride . See this and this . And see the studies listed here .
Dr. Vyvyan Howard – a PhD fetal pathologist , who is a professor of developmental toxico-pathology at the University of Liverpool and University of Ulster , president of the International Society of Doctors for the Environment and former president of the Royal Microscopical Society and the International Society for Stereology , and general editor of the Journal of Microscopy – said in a 2008 Canadian television interview ( short , worthwhile video at the link ) that studies done in several countries show that children 's IQ are likely to be lower in high natural water fluoride areas .
They said that these studies are plausible because fluoride is known to affect the thyroid hormone which affects intelligence and fluoride is also a known neurotoxicant . Such studies have not been conducted in countries that artificially fluoridate the water such as the US , UK and Canada , but should be , they said .
* * *
One scientist – Jennifer Luke – argued in a 2001 scientific article that fluoride accumulates in the brain ( specifically , in the structure of the pineal gland ) more than it accumulates in our bones . In other words , they imply that fluoride may accumulate more in the brain than in the teeth , doing more harm than good ( here 's Luke 's 1997 PhD dissertation on the topic . )
The 2006 National Academy of Sciences report corroborates some of Luke 's allegations :
As with other calcifying tissues , the pineal gland can accumulate fluoride ( Luke 1997 , 2001 ) . Fluoride has been shown to be present in the pineal glands of older people ( 14-875 mg of fluoride per kg of gland in persons aged 72-100 years ) , with the fluoride concentrations being positively related to the calcium concentrations in the pineal gland , but not to the bone fluoride , suggesting that pineal fluoride is not necessarily a function of cumulative fluoride exposure of the individual ( Luke 1997 , 2001 ) . Fluoride has not been measured in the pineal glands of children or young adults , nor has there been any investigation of the relationship between pineal fluoride concentrations and either recent or cumulative fluoride intakes .
ABC News from Raleigh-Durham reported :
As the I-Team dug into the science behind the fluoride controversy , we found study after study dating back to the 80s from respected academic and scientific institutions that connect fluoride to health dangers . Some of the studies were funded by the government . They suggest fluoride can be linked to brain , blood and bone deficiencies in humans . This past summer , Harvard University released a report after reviewing 27 studies of children in China exposed to fluoride . It concluded the higher the fluoride exposure , the lower the child 's IQ . One of the most recognized reports was published in 2006 by The National Academy of Sciences . It found fluoride can affect the thyroid gland and potentially lower the intelligence of children . “ EPA 's drinking water standards are supposed to protect all persons against anticipated adverse health effects of the contaminant in question , ” explained Kathleen Thiessen – one of the scientists who worked on the 400-page study . “ And we concluded after three years worth of work that the drinking water standard for fluoride was not protected and can not be assumed to be safe for humans. ” Thiessen said the EPA was warned about potential fluoride health dangers by one of its own chemists more than a decade ago . Dr. William Hirzy testified before a Senate subcommittee in 2000 . They were representing the views of EPA scientists and staff who analyze hazards in the environment . “ In 1997 , we voted to oppose fluoridation , and our opposition has grown stronger than more adverse data on the practice has come in , ” said Hirzy . “ The CDC and others say whatever beneficial effect there is from fluoride is from topical use . It 's not from swallowing it . It never has been from swallowing it , ” said Thiessen . The I-Team discovered most western countries do not fluoridate their water . Dental records kept by the World Health Organization show tooth decay in those countries has declined at the same rate as here in the United States – where we do fluoridate our water .
The following video interviewing National Research Council scientists , a Nobel laureate in medicine , a professor of dentistry and other professionals summarizes the evidence fairly succinctly … and makes the case that our understanding of the damage fluoride can cause to our brains is like our growing understanding in the 1970s of the dangers of lead :
( We started the video at 18 minutes in , but the whole video is worth watching . )
Dr. Mercola writes :
The harmful effects of fluoride have been known by conventional medical organizations for over half a century . For example , the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) stated in their Sept. 18 , 1943 issue that fluorides are general protoplasmic poisons that change the permeability of the cell membrane by certain enzymes . And , an editorial published in the Journal of the American Dental Associationon Oct. 1 , 1944 , stated : Drinking water containing as little as 1.2 ppm fluoride will cause developmental disturbances . We can not run the risk of producing such serious systemic disturbances . The potentialities for harm outweigh those for good . Part of the problem is that it 's an accumulative toxin that , over time , can lead to significant health problems that are not immediately linked to fluoride over-exposure . In a 2005 paper entitled “ Fluoride — A Modern Toxic Waste , ” Lita Lee , Ph.D. writes : Yiamouyiannis ' book , Fluoride , The Aging Factor , documents the cumulative effect of tissue damage by fluoride , commonly seen as aging ( collagen damage ) , skin rashes and acne , gastrointestinal disorders , and many other conditions , including osteoporosis . The U.S. Center for Disease Control and the Safe Water Foundation reported that 30,000 to 50,000 excess deaths occur in the United States each year in areas in which the water contains only one ppm fluoride … Fluoride suppresses the immune system : Fluoride inhibits the movement of white blood cells by 70 percent , thereby decreasing their ability to reach their target . Yiamouyiannis cites 15 references in their pamphlet , Lifesavers Guide to Fluoridation , that document immunosuppressive effects of as little as 10 percent of the amount of fluoride used in fluoridated water … Immunosuppressive effects run the gamut , from a cold that wo n't go away to increased risk of cancer and other infectious diseases . Studies have shown that fluoride toxicity can lead to a wide variety of health problems , including : • Increased lead absorption
• Disrupts synthesis of collagen
• Hyperactivity and/or lethargy
• Muscle disorders
• Thyroid disease
• Arthritis
• Dementia
• Bone fractures
• Lowered thyroid function
• Bone cancer ( osteosarcoma )
• Inactivates 62 enzymes and inhibits more than 100
• Inhibited formation of antibodies
• Genetic damage and cell death
• Increased tumor and cancer rate
• Disrupted immune system
• Damaged sperm and increased infertility * * * Long-lost research linking fluoride to cancer has resurfaced in a Dutch film clip featuring Dr. Dean Burk , who in 1937 cofounded the U.S. National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) and headed its cytochemistry department for more than 30 years . In the taped interview , they equate water fluoridation to “ public murder , ” referring to a study that had been done on the 10 largest U.S. cities with fluoridation compared to the 10 largest without it . The study demonstrated that deaths from cancer abruptly rose in as little as a year or two after fluoridation began . This and other studies linking fluoride to cancer were government-ordered but were quickly buried once fluoride was found to be linked to dramatic increases in cancer .
And Donald Miller – cardiac surgeon and Professor of Surgery at the University of Washington – argues :
A bipartisan group of senators is urging President Trump not to return to Russia a pair of compounds in the U.S. seized under the Obama administration .
Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Cynthia ( Jeanne ) Jeanne ShaheenCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants Bipartisan Senators reintroduce legislation to slap new sanctions on Russia MORE ( N.H. ) and GOP Sens . Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE ( Fla. ) and Johnny Isakson John ( Johnny ) Hardy IsaksonOn The Money : Lawmakers wait for Trump verdict on border deal | Trump touts deal as offering B for security | McConnell presses Trump to sign off | National debt tops T | Watchdog details IRS shutdown woes Trump criticizes border wall deal : 'Ca n't say I 'm happy ' GOP senators offer praise for Klobuchar : 'She 's the whole package ' MORE ( Ga. ) outlined their request in a letter sent to Trump ahead of their meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday .
`` The return of these two facilities to Russia while the Kremlin refuses to address its influence campaign against the United States‎ would embolden President Vladimir Putin and invite a dangerous escalation in the Kremlin 's destabilizing actions against democracies worldwide , '' the senators wrote in the letter , sent on Thursday .
The compounds , in New York and Maryland , were seized last year in response to Moscow 's meddling in the 2016 presidential election . The Obama administration also expelled 35 Russian diplomats .
ADVERTISEMENT
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sidestepped a question from Shaheen during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing last month about whether the compounds were part of U.S.-Russia discussions .
Pointing to Tillerson 's comments , the senators said they had `` deep concern '' about the future of the compounds .
`` We urge you to remove the return of these facilities from any negotiation or consideration in your discussions with President Putin during your upcoming trip , '' they senators wrote .
Trump and Putin are scheduled to have their first face-to-face meeting since Trump became president on the sidelines of the annual G-20 summit in Germany .
The senators added that while they understood the administration wants greater cooperation with Russia , they could not support a deal that would `` enhance the Kremlin 's intelligence gathering capabilities or overturn actions taken in defense of U.S. officials threatened by Russian officials overseas . ''
Tillerson told senators during the Foreign Relations hearing that they were , as part of larger ongoing negotiations , trying to figure out if there were `` terms and conditions '' that would allow the administration to let Russia use the compounds for `` recreational '' purposes but not intelligence gathering .
Reuters reported late last month that Moscow was preparing retaliatory measures over the seizing of the compounds .
The Senate overwhelmingly passed legislation last month that would slap new sanctions on Moscow and set up guidelines that would need to be met before the administration could hand over the compounds .
But that bill has stalled in the House after it ran into a procedural roadblock and is getting pushback from the White House and the oil industry .
The Senate passed a fix for the bill before they left for the Fourth of July recess meant to address the requirement that all revenue bills start in the House , but the future of the bill remains unclear .
Top House lawmakers have said they are supportive of additional sanctions , but a senior GOP aide said late last week that the bill has already hit another roadblock .
`` House Democrats are currently objecting to returning the papers to the Senate to make this fix because of procedural non-policy related issues , '' the aide said .
British Prime Minister Theresa May holds a cabinet meeting | Mark Richards/Getty Images UK civil service overloaded ahead of Brexit Think tank finds some departments facing the biggest Brexit challenges have had large budget cuts in recent years .
Officials in the U.K. government are overloaded as they prepare for Brexit , according to a think tank report published Thursday .
The Institute for Government said the U.K. civil service is the smallest it has been in 70 years as it prepares for one of its biggest challenges in recent history .
Some departments that face the biggest challenge as Britain pulls out of the European Union have experienced the deepest budget cuts in recent years , the report says . The environment department , that estimates that around 80 percent of its work is framed by EU legislation , has lost a third of its stuff since 2010 . The Home Office , which is responsible for a new immigration system once Britain leaves the bloc , has lost a fifth of its operational budget .
The report argues that the British government has also become less open to public scrutiny , citing the example of the Home Office , which the report says withheld information in 40 percent of freedom of information requests .
Last week , after Caitlyn Jenner introduced themselves on the cover of Vanity Fair , prominent Iowa talk radio host Steve Deace told Republican candidates that if they would n't speak out against Jenner 's transition , “ you might as well just forfeit the 2016 election now. ” When CNN 's Dana Bash asked Sen. Lindsey Graham about Deace 's comments in an interview over the weekend , they responded that while he 's “ a pro-life , traditional marriage kind of guy , ” Jenner is “ welcome in my party . ”
They then addressed Deace directly : “ Here 's what I would say to the talk show host : In the eyes of radical Islam , they hate you as much as they hate Caitlyn Jenner . They hate us all because we wo n't agree to their view of religion . So , America , we 're all in this together . ”
All of this , unsurprisingly , did not go over very well with Deace , who addressed Graham 's comments yesterday during their weekly discussion of presidential candidates with Iowa social conservative activist Bob Vander Plaats , saying , “ If you 're not going to defend the idea of male and female , you 're not going to defend any of those other things that you just claimed to be for , Sen. Graham . ”
Vander Plaats , an influential force in Iowa Republican politics , agreed , saying that if Graham would n't speak out against people like Caitlyn Jenner , they could never fight radical Islam .
“ The thing of it is , you can go out and you can have empathy and compassion for Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner , ” they said . “ However , you have to be able to stand up and say , but God still created us male and female . That 's the basic point here . ”
“ That 's our issue with Lindsey Graham , ” they added , “ is that you can say you 're pro-life , you can say you 're for God 's design for the family in marriage , you can say that they created them male and female , but when you never take a stand on those issues , it 's awfully hard for us to trust , then , that you 're going to take a stand against radical Islam or any other domestic matter or foreign matter that may come up during a presidency . That 's why I think in Iowa not many people take Lindsay Graham seriously . ”
Google Fiber ( Photo : Submitted )
Legislation pushed in Nashville by Google Fiber to facilitate the company 's broadband deployment here now has the support of an additional internet provider .
Ahead of a crucial second of three votes in the Metro Council on Tuesday , bill sponsors Councilmen Anthony Davis and Jeremy Elrod say that Level 3 Communications , a fiber-optic provider that also relies on Davidson County utility poles , now supports the so-called One Touch Make Ready ordinance .
Level 3 , a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Colorado , builds and provides internet infrastructure and wiring for cable companies including Time Warner Cable and Cox .
Davis and Elrod discussed Level 3 's backing in a Tuesday letter to council members in which they indicated plans to move ahead with a vote Tuesday on the ordinance , which is opposed by telecommunications giants Comcast and AT & T . The bill was deferred at the council 's most recent meeting last month .
“ As we head to next week 's vote , it 's worth going back to what 's at stake , ” the letter reads . “ This ordinance will have a direct impact on whether or not Nashville 's residents and businesses can enjoy competitive , affordable 21st century broadband infrastructure in an efficient manner that maximizes the public safety . ”
One Touch Make Ready would allow a company to hire a vetted contractor to move all the lines on utility poles in Nashville . As it stands , each existing provider on a utility pole must make a pole ready for a new line , a process that takes several months per provider and one that Google Fiber says has slowed its rollout into the Nashville market .
According to the councilmen , Level 3 agreed to support the ordinance after they committed to six amendments to the bill .
“ With these amendments , Level 3 now supports the ordinance , and we appreciate the time that both Level 3 and Google Fiber took to constructively work together , ” their letter reads .
Each amendment will be taken up Tuesday during committee . They are :
Language in the bill that notes that the Federal Communications Commission has not addressed the process of making a pole ready in its orders and therefore Metro has a right to address those issues in its boundaries . Additionally , the ordinance is not meant to pre-empt FCC orders . ( The city of Louisville , Ky. , is being sued by AT & T over a similar ordinance . AT & T has argued that the FCC , not municipalities , has jurisdiction over privately owned utility poles . )
A reaffirmation that pole owners must approve contractors doing make-ready work and all construction must be done consistent to relevant laws and standards , including safety standards .
An assurance that all affected pole attachers receive notice before make-ready construction .
A new requirement that a field meeting is scheduled between affected parties for more complex make-ready work . The original bill already requires pre-existing attachers be given 30 days prior written notice during such instances .
More time for pre-existing attachers to review make-ready construction and demand corrections . The original bill requires the new attacher provide notice to the existing attacher on work that was completed within 30 days of the completion of make-ready construction . The amendment would extend the period to 60 days .
A clause in the bill that makes clear that the make-ready construction will be paid for by the attaching company . The amendment also says that the parties may exercise any of their legal rights if a dispute arises from this chapter .
The letter also addresses past concerns raised by Comcast about what the company has described as a slow utility pole permit process from Nashville Electric Service .
“ The ordinance should be passed on its own merits , while all parties continue to explore ways to streamline other issues in addition to construction , ” it reads . “ This is not an either-or proposition . ”
Level 3 has reached agreements with Google , Comcast , AT & T and other carriers in the past two years to interconnect their telephone and internet networks , according to news statements from the companies . The company does not disclose its clients , according to Level 3 spokesperson Nikki Wheeler .
`` Level 3 supports making the pole attachment process in Nashville more efficient by eliminating as many delays and costs as possible , '' Wheeler said in an emailed statement . `` With the inclusion of our amendments , the One Touch Make Ready Ordinance is one step toward improving the overall make ready process . It 's important to note , we also support some of the ideas proposed by other carriers in Nashville , as those ideas can streamline other equally important parts of the pole attachment process . ''
AT & T Tennessee President Joelle Phillips said the amendments did not soften their opposition to the One Touch Make Ready ordinance .
“ There are no amendments that can 'fix ' this ordinance , ” they said in an emailed statement . “ While AT & T has always been willing to work with Google and the rest of the industry to improve existing processes , Nashville and other cities do not have jurisdiction to regulate pole attachments . ”
Phillips described several “ new technology promises ” that Google has failed to carry out , including its goal to build a fiber network that reaches 5 million subscribers by 2015 , as reported by The Information publication last week in an article that cited unnamed sources .
“ Today , more than five years later , Google has built fiber in parts of only seven cities , and reportedly has decided to scale back its fiber deployment to instead focus on yet another new plan to use wireless technologies to reach customer locations , ” Phillips said . “ Google 's excuses are getting predictable — this is too hard , it costs too much , and Google ca n't do it without special favors from the government . ”
Earlier this week , Phillips sent a letter to Mayor Megan Barry and other Metro officials asking that the ordinance be deferred again so that NES , AT & T and Comcast can work on methods to improve the internet installation process .
“ Although Google was unwilling to entertain alternatives to an ordinance , the discussion among the other parties convinced me — and , I believe , convinced others present at the meeting as well — that there is significant value in deferring action on the ordinance for a specific period of time , during which NES , AT & T and Comcast can implement some of the ideas discussed and Metro can evaluate the impact , ” Phillips wrote in a letter dated Aug. 29 .
More than 1,900 homes in Mt . Juliet are without electricity as of 3:45 p.m. Saturday afternoon . ( Photo : Getty Images / iStockphoto )
Phillips outlined several proposals that they said would boost efficiency , including submitting pole attachment applications to NES and AT & T simultaneously to give AT & T more time on design and cost estimates , using local workers instead of Atlanta engineers and submitting applications according to geography . Another idea is to allow for new attachment methods .
Comcast spokesperson Sara Jo Walker said Comcast continues to push for a solution that does not include legislation .
`` We still believe that all sides can and should come together outside of the legislative process to work on a solution that 's fair for all providers , and ensures broadband deployment and investment continues to smoothly move forward and grow , '' they said in an emailed statement .
Reach Joey Garrison at 615-259-8236 and on Twitter @ joeygarrison .
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; ! -- iframe -- & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ;
Read or Share this story : http : //tnne.ws/2ceweGu
Comey : Trump Asked For 'Loyalty , ' Wanted Him To 'Let ' Flynn Investigation 'Go '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Thayer/Getty Images Eric Thayer/Getty Images
Updated at 6:28 p.m . ET
Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday that President Trump did ask them for `` loyalty '' at a January dinner and later told them alone in the Oval Office that they `` hope [ d ] you can let '' the investigation into former national security director Michael Flynn `` go . ''
The opening statement from Comey , released by the committee less than 24 hours before their testimony , effectively confirms many of the bombshell reports from The New York Times and The Washington Post over the past month that have raised the question of whether the president tried to interfere in the ongoing investigation into Russia 's meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump campaign associates colluded with Moscow .
Comey was fired by Trump last month , and the president later said the Russia investigation factored into their decision . Comey will testify that in March , Trump called them and asked what the FBI could do to `` lift the cloud '' around them and their administration involving Russia .
The former FBI director details an awkward Jan. 27 dinner with Trump , at which the president asked them whether they wanted to stay on as FBI director . The president later said they expected `` loyalty '' from Comey despite the FBI 's independence from the White House :
My instincts told me that the one-on-one setting , and the pretense that this was our first discussion about my position , meant the dinner was , at least in part , an effort to have me ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship . That concerned me greatly , given the FBI 's traditionally independent status in the executive branch . ... I replied that I loved my work and intended to stay and serve out my ten-year term as Director . And then , because the set-up made me uneasy , I added that I was not `` reliable '' in the way politicians use that word , but they could always count on me to tell them the truth . I added that I was not on anybody 's side politically and could not be counted on in the traditional political sense , a stance I said was in their best interest as the President . A few moments later , the President said , `` I need loyalty , I expect loyalty . '' I did n't move , speak , or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed . We simply looked at each other in silence . The conversation then moved on , but they returned to the subject near the end of our dinner .
And Comey confirms earlier reports , which sources had confirmed to NPR , about their solo Oval Office conversation on Feb. 14 with Trump the day after Flynn had been asked to resign after they misled Vice President Pence about their conversations with the Russian ambassador during the transition . According to Comey , Trump signaled for them to stay behind after Attorney General Jeff Sessions lingered :
The President then returned to the topic of Mike Flynn , saying , `` He is a good guy and has been through a lot . '' They repeated that Flynn had n't done anything wrong on their calls with the Russians , but had misled the Vice President . They then said , `` I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go . They are a good guy . I hope you can let this go . '' I replied only that `` he is a good guy . '' ( In fact , I had a positive experience dealing with Mike Flynn when they were a colleague as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency at the beginning of my term at FBI . ) I did not say I would `` let this go . ''
Comey says they immediately prepared an unclassified memo of their conversation with Trump and shared the events with senior FBI officials . However , they say they did not interpret that the president was asking them to drop the entire Russia probe :
I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in connection with false statements about their conversations with the Russian ambassador in December . I did not understand the President to be talking about the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to their campaign . I could be wrong , but I took them to be focusing on what had just happened with Flynn 's departure and the controversy around their account of their phone calls . Regardless , it was very concerning , given the FBI 's role as an independent investigative agency .
During a May 18 news conference , Trump denied that they had asked Comey to scuttle their investigation into Flynn and denied that there had been any collusion between their campaign and Russia .
Comey says they did not inform Sessions about that conversation because they anticipated the attorney general would have to recuse themselves from the Russia probe ( which Sessions did two weeks later ) , nor did they talk with it about with then-Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente , who was only the interim deputy . However , they did tell Sessions that being left alone with Trump `` was inappropriate and should never happen . They did not reply . ''
Comey says that they had `` nine one-on-one conversations with President Trump in four months — three in person and six on the phone '' and that they wrote memos after each of those encounters , some of which they shared with top FBI officials . In comparison , they spoke alone with President Barack Obama only twice in two years and never on the phone .
Comey 's testimony does support the president 's assertion in their termination letter to Comey that the former FBI director assured them on three occasions that he , personally , was not under investigation . However , Comey was wary of that being publicized and told Trump in a March 30 phone call :
I explained that we had briefed the leadership of Congress on exactly which individuals we were investigating and that we had told those Congressional leaders that we were not personally investigating President Trump . I reminded them I had previously told them that . They repeatedly told me , `` We need to get that fact out . '' ( I did not tell the President that the FBI and the Department of Justice had been reluctant to make public statements that we did not have an open case on President Trump for a number of reasons , most importantly because it would create a duty to correct , should that change . )
But , according to Comey , the president did appear to press them to go even further in their final phone call with Trump before they were fired :
On the morning of April 11 , the President called me and asked what I had done about their request that I `` get out '' that they are not personally under investigation . I replied that I had passed their request to the Acting Deputy Attorney General , but I had not heard back . They replied that `` the cloud '' was getting in the way of their ability to do their job . They said that perhaps they would have their people reach out to the Acting Deputy Attorney General . I said that was the way their request should be handled . I said the White House Counsel should contact the leadership of DOJ to make the request , which was the traditional channel . They said they would do that and added , `` Because I have been very loyal to you , very loyal ; we had that thing you know . '' I did not reply or ask them what they meant by `` that thing . '' I said only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General . They said that was what they would do and the call ended .
During a gaggle with reporters on Air Force One , returning from Ohio where Trump had just given a speech on infrastructure , White House principal deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that they are n't aware whether or not the president had a chance yet to review Comey 's opening remarks .
`` I did find the timing of the release a little bit interesting , directly after testimony from ... hearing earlier today , '' Sanders did say , referring to testimony by top intelligence officials before the Senate Intelligence Committee earlier on Wednesday where two of them declined to speak in an open hearing about their private conversations with the president .
Republicans quickly zeroed in on Comey 's confirmation that they had indeed assured Trump three times that they personally are not under investigation .
`` President Trump was right , '' Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement . `` Director Comey 's statement reconfirmed what the president has been saying all along — they were never under investigation . ''
Marc Kasowitz , Trump 's private attorney recently engaged on the Russia investigation , said in a statement that Trump was `` pleased '' that Comey had confirmed those assurances they gave the president .
`` The president feels completely and totally vindicated , '' Kasowitz said . `` He is eager to continue to move forward with their agenda . ''
But Democrats found plenty of damning admissions in Comey 's opening comments . House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , said in a statement that the former FBI director 's `` testimony confirms a host of troubling allegations concerning the President 's conduct , '' particularly their request for loyalty from Comey and their request for Comey to scuttle the investigation into Flynn .
`` Director Comey was right to be concerned that the President was trying to form a patronage relationship with him , in which the Director would guarantee loyalty in exchange for job security . Had the Director agreed to do so would have been antithetical to the independence of their agency ; that they did not , does not mitigate the unethical nature of the President 's request , '' Schiff said . `` The fact that this request , and the subsequent effort to have the Director drop the Flynn case , were made after the President excused everyone else from the room , strongly indicates that the President was more than aware of the illegitimacy of such demands . ''
Next In Line For The TSA ? A Thorough 'Chat-Down '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Josh Reynolds/AP Josh Reynolds/AP
Boston 's Logan International Airport will become the first in the nation this week to require every single traveler to go through a quick interview with security officials trying to spot suspicious behavior .
Until now , the so-called behavioral profiling — used successfully in Israel — has been used only sporadically in U.S. airports . As the system expands , so are questions about how behavioral profiling works , and how effective it might be in the U.S .
Unlike the usual security pat-down , the profiling process is what you might call a `` chat-down . ''
A blue-uniformed Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) officer begins with a friendly `` Hi , how are you ? '' and then spends a minute or two peppering passengers with basic questions like where they 're going , for what and for how long .
Some travelers may not even speak English , but the behavior detection officers care less about answers than affect .
`` We are looking for behaviors that are out of the norm — some kind of indicators of intent to cause a problem , '' says George Nacarra , federal security director for the TSA at Logan .
Subtle , Involuntary Cues
Nacarra says there is a long list of hints or `` tells '' that can out a bad guy planning to do bad things : `` The movement of the eyes , perspiring in a cool environment , the Adam 's apple movement . ... I ca n't be more specific because they are somewhat classified , '' they say .
Nacarra says they do n't want the list to end up in some terrorist 's training manual . But experts say most of the behaviors officers are looking for are involuntary physiological reactions that a human being would not be able to repress .
`` That 's like saying do n't have a heartbeat , '' says Marc Salem , who has made a career as a consultant to law enforcement — and as a performer . He 's so good at reading peoples nonverbal cues , you 'd think they were reading your mind .
They offer to demonstrate , even over the phone . `` Pick a two-digit number , between 50 and 100 , both digits even , '' they say . They explain that they ca n't guarantee 100 percent success , since they wo n't be able to read all of the clues they usually get from face and body language . On the phone , their only clues are things like voice quality , hesitation , pacing and breathing .
`` Say nothing aloud , '' they say . `` I 'm just going to work off of breath . Hold your mouth next to the phone , '' and they begin to count as fast as they can from 50 — until they stop dead at 68 .
`` [ It 's ] 68 ! '' they announce . They say they heard a faint tongue click right when they said the number .
It 's subtle , Salem concedes , but they were listening for something like that ; they knew I would try to control my breathing , since they mentioned they were listening for that .
`` If you hold up something , if you clog one channel of information , it 's got to come out somewhere else , '' they say .
'Very , Very Fast Expressions '
In fact , the TSA has a list of about 35 things they 're listening and looking for , including on your face . Experts say certain emotions result in specific facial expressions that are universal , like smiling when happy , or raising and scrunching your eyebrows when scared .
A really good poker face could make that less obvious , but the facial muscles will still move ever so briefly . Paul Ekman , a psychologist and pioneer in the study of facial expressions , as well as a longtime TSA consultant , calls it a `` micro expression , '' and they say officers can easily be trained to spot that .
More On Micro Expressions Paul Eckman explains how involuntary , universal facial expressions reveal underlying emotions . KQED YouTube Try a micro expression training tool
`` All we 're doing is training your eyes to be able to grab very , very fast expressions , '' says Ekman , who runs training for law enforcement and others through their company , Paul Ekman Group , LLC . `` This is ... how football players learn to get peripheral vision and to spot people who are going to try to tackle them . It 's the same kind of thing ; we are training a visual skill . ''
The tricky part , however , is sorting out whether a passenger is just nervous about traveling , for example , or about the bomb in their shoe . And while the Israelis seem to have mastered that , experts say Americans face unique challenges .
Up To The Task ?
For starters , there 's greater sensitivity in the U.S. than in Israel to racial and ethnic profiling . And secondly , there are so many more travelers ; TSA officers will have to screen many more passengers in much less time .
`` Maybe they 'll turn out to be great at it , but I would n't say they go so far as to inspire a lot of confidence , '' says Glenn Reynolds , a law professor at the University of Tennessee and a vocal critic of the TSA . Reynolds says behavior detection officers in the U.S. tend to be lower ranking and less educated than the Israelis , and may not be up to the task .
`` It would be like deciding that you 're suddenly going to do brain surgery in every minute clinic around the country , '' they say . `` You ca n't just retrain those people who may be perfectly good at dealing with poison ivy and sinus infections to suddenly do brain surgery . I mean , it 's just a different level . ''
It would be like deciding that you 're suddenly going to do brain surgery in every minute clinic around the country . You ca n't just retrain those people who may be perfectly good at dealing with poison ivy and sinus infections to suddenly do brain surgery .
But TSA officials say their goal is not so much to identify terrorists in 30 seconds , but to just sort out higher-risk passengers for more screening .
`` You do n't have to find the needle in the haystack , '' says Mark Frank , professor of communications at the University of Buffalo , who is working with TSA on its behavior detection programs . `` You only have to find the section of the haystack where the needle may be . ''
The TSA 's George Nacarra says officers who 've been doing this sporadically have already proven themselves , by rooting out untold drug smugglers and fugitives , for example . And all officers will get more training before they are assigned to the expanded screening program .
`` We are not making any assumption that we can do this , '' Nacarra says . `` It may be that we have to seek other qualifications in our workforce , but that 's the reason for a pilot test like this . This is just the beginning . ''
Ultimately , Nacarra says , you have to try every tool you 've got — both to find the bad guys and to deter them . As one expert put it , as long as the bad guys believe this works , that 's half the battle .
Mumbai : India 's unbanked population has more than halved to 233 million in 2015 from 557 million in 2011 , according to a report prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers India for the Internet and Mobile Association of India ( IAMAI ) and Payments Council of India ( PCI ) .
The report , released on Tuesday , said the largest fall in India 's unbanked population—a fall of 182 million—came in 2014 , the year Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched an ambitious financial inclusion called the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana ( PMJDY ) to ensure every Indian household has a bank account .
After its launch on 15 August last year , the financial inclusion plan had begun with a large number of bank accounts being opened across the country . According to data available on the PMJDY website , as of 7 October , a total of 187 million new accounts have been opened under the scheme , with a balance of over ₹ 25,000 crore .
Nearly 40 % of the new accounts opened still carry zero balance , the PMJDY data showed .
Currently , PMJDY is in its second phase , under which new customers are being issued life and accident insurance covers .
Google wants you to use its new Photos service so badly that it 's sunsetting the old Google Plus Photos on August 1 , according to a Google Plus post from the company .
Google Plus Photos , a relic of the times when the search giant thought its social network Google Plus could become a huge hit , will start to shut down in two weeks , first on Android , then followed by the Web and iOS . It served as the repository for the photos people uploaded onto the network . As Google notes , Android users may have already seen a prompt that suggests they download the Google Photos app , which will automatically assess their content after they 've made the switch .
According to Google , the switch is to “ ensure everyone has the best photos experience we can deliver . ”
After more than half a year of rumors , Google introduced its new photo storage service in late May at its annual developer conference in San Francisco . The service offers unlimited storage and some enhanced sorting features .
Woman who was molested by priest settled for $ 1.2M after they sued Seattle Archdiocese . @ AlisonKIRO7 reports at 5:59. pic.twitter.com/bNF5TXheTG — KIRO 7 ( @ KIRO7Seattle ) May 19 , 2015
Left : Michael Cody . Right : Jeri Hubbard .
After being sued by eight women who alleged they were molested by a priest four decades ago , the Seattle Archdiocese has settled for $ 9.1 million .
The settlement , reported by the Seattle Times , came Wednesday after a damning psychiatrist 's letter , among other documents , surfaced last year reporting Michael Cody , the priest at the center of the suit , was a pedophile who needed to “ be removed from parish work as soon as possible. ” The letter , part of correspondence among church officials expressing concerns about Cody , was written in 1962 ; the women were abused between 1968 and 1975 .
“ He told me that they were suffering from an abnormal sexual attraction toward young girls , ” psychiatrist Albert M. Hurley wrote . “ … They have molested at least eight girls twelve years of age or younger . As you know , there have been complaints about their hostility and temper in the various parishes where they have served . They also complain of feelings of severe depression , during which time they pray that God will allow them to die rather than continue this behavior . ”
Hurley was explicit about their diagnosis , saying Cody was a pedophile who showed “ sadistic tendencies ” to boys they knew and talked of killing others and himself .
“ It is likely that if external controls on their acting out are made , and this cycle of aggression and depression sufficiently interrupted , then they can once again assume a useful and productive life , ” the psychiatrist wrote .
The interruption never came . Cody — who stopped serving as a priest in 1979 , was defrocked in 2005 and died last year — served in a number of parishes in Washington state , where they “ preyed on children for years , ” as the Seattle Times put it . In a deposition in 2013 , the priest , then 82 , said estimating how many children they abused “ would only be a guess. ” In a 1988 mental-health evaluation , they said they had molested up to 40 girls and one boy .
“ At a time when I did n't feel special , they befriended me and made me feel special , ” Jeri Hubbard , 63 — who Cody had sex with repeatedly when they were a troubled 16-year-old runaway living in their rectory — told the Seattle Times . “ Instinctively , I kind of knew it was n't right . But I did n't know what to do and I did n't want them to get in trouble. ” When they questioned the arrangement , Cody said them no one would believe them if they told them . ( She settled with the archdiocese in a separate case last year . )
A psychiatrist 's letter about diagnosing Father Michael Cody with “ pedophilia. ” ( Court documents )
In the wake of the settlement , the archdiocese , as so many in the Catholic Church have , sought to put the past behind it — and find out if other victims are out there .
In January , the Archdiocese published a list of 77 priests , brothers , nuns and deacons accused of assaulting children while serving or living in Western Washington , the Seattle Times reported .
“ Our first priority is the protection of children and healing for past victims , ” Seattle Archbishop Peter Sartain said , as the Associated Press reported . “ It is my firm commitment to build on the good efforts of the past and continue to take steps that will truly help victims of clergy sexual abuse to heal . This $ 9 million settlement demonstrates our ongoing commitment to acknowledge and address the devastating impact of clergy sexual abuse , and to encourage victims to come forward . ”
An attorney for the women said the settlement prevents the archdiocese from facing the terrible details of the Cody case and from acknowledging that the priest remained on the job despite the fact an archbishop knew of their crimes .
“ The evidence regarding Father Cody is overwhelming , and I do n't think the Archdiocese wants more bad publicity , ” Michael T. Pfau said . “ The direct involvement of former Archbishop Thomas Connelly in placing this pedophile in parishes with full knowledge of their danger to children is truly disturbing . ”
The psychiatrist 's letter was part of a so-called “ secret file ” on Cody kept by the church . Advocates for those abused by priests say such files only contribute to a decades-old problem .
“ These records illustrate a pattern of secrecy , ” Mary Dispenza , Northwest director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests and themselves a victim of clergy abuse , said earlier this month . “ Most bishops are still dragging their feet about releasing them because they 'll be embarrassed or ashamed , and past bishops might be implicated . ”
“ I was pissed , ” Hubbard , one of Cody 's victims , said when they learned of the file . “ The church knew they were a pedophile years before they ever came … And they let that happen . ”
More from Morning Mix
‘ Save my baby ' : An Irish father 's dying words as five perished in sinking car
Unemployment in the eurozone fell to 9.1 percent in June , its lowest figure since February 2009 , according to official data from Eurostat , the statistical office of the bloc .
The jobless rate in the 19-state single currency market was better than expected by financial analysts . The numbers came a week after the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) said the eurozone was strengthening , but warned of instability around Brexit and low inflation rates .
Read more : IMF : 'Economic recovery on firmer footing '
Read more : Angela Merkel to open common Eurozone budget
Greece remained the EU country with the highest unemployment rate with 21.7 percent out of work , down 0.8 percent from May .
Meanwhile , the lowest rates were recorded in the Czech Republic at 2.9 percent , while Germany had the second-lowest jobless rate at 3.8 percent .
Spain , which has the second-highest rate of unemployment in the eurozone at 17.1 percent , saw the biggest fall - down from 2.8 percent from the previous year .
The number of people out of work in the European Union 's 28 member states remained at 7.7 percent , the lowest figure since December 2008 , according to Eurostat .
Europe 's recovery post-Brexit remained stable with Eurostat estimating that the rate of inflation would stay at 1.3 percent , below the 2-percent target of the European Central Bank .
Watch video 05:15 Share Scotland : Fears of losing EU workforce Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https : //p.dw.com/p/2ciUT Scotland : Fears of losing EU workforce
rd/hg ( AFP , dpa )
The alleged butcher of the off-duty British soldier , Drummer Lee Rigby , defended their carving up of a living human being by claiming that they were engaging in `` an eye for an eye '' because the British army is killing Muslims in Afghanistan .
Normally there is no reason to respond to the justifications offered by terrorists and other murderers of the innocent . But in this case it is important to do so because much of the Muslim world resonates to this argument and because much of the world 's left offers this argument .
This is true even though a large majority of Muslims do not support terror and even though leftists do not support it . Nevertheless , throughout the Muslim and leftist worlds it is believed -- and our children are taught this at college -- that America , the UK . and other countries are targeted by Muslims because we kill Muslims .
The argument is morally perverse and a lie .
First , the U.K. and others are in Afghanistan in order to defend Muslims . Brits and other Westerners are risking their lives , and dying , in that country on behalf of Muslims .
Here 's a question for Muslims and leftists who buy this argument about the West killing Muslims in Afghanistan : Who are we fighting in Afghanistan ?
I thought the Brits and Americans were fighting the Taliban , the people who throw acid in Muslim girls ' faces for attending school , the people who murder nurses who inoculate Muslim children against disease . Now , if fighting the Taliban is to be equated with fighting Muslims , this is a real contradiction of everything much of the Islamic world and virtually all of the left have been contending for years -- that the Taliban represent a tiny group of extremists in the Muslim world , and that they have so completely perverted Islam that they can not even be called Muslims .
Well , you ca n't have it both ways . If killing the Taliban is the same as `` killing Muslims , '' then you ca n't argue that the Taliban do n't represent Islam or Muslims .
So , on the issue of the West fighting in Afghanistan , the Muslims and the left need to make up their minds : Is killing the Taliban a service or a disservice to Muslims ? This is the first and last question both groups need to answer . Everything else is commentary .
Second , if any group here should be entitled to exercise an eye for an eye , would n't it be Christians ? It is Christians who are being murdered , and whose communities are being decimated , in the Muslim world . Christians have lived in the Middle East -- in places such as Iraq and Egypt -- since long before Muhammad was born . It is Christians in Nigeria who are routinely slaughtered by Muslims . And it is Christians in Pakistan who are burned alive in their churches .
And what about the 52 Brits blown up by Muslim terrorists in the U.K. on July 7 , 2005 ? How is it that not one Brit decided to take an eye for an eye against any Muslim ?
And there 's a third lie to this claim of Muslims as victims of the West .
Nearly every one of the tens of thousands of Muslims killed in the last few years has been killed by other Muslims -- in Syria and Iraq in particular .
There is something of great significance to be learned from this . In the Muslim world today , it is hatred of the West , not love of -- or even concern for -- fellow Muslims , that animates Muslim atrocities and terror against the West . Just as it is Arab hatred of Israel , rather than Arab love of fellow Arabs that animates the Arab world .
Every Muslim and every Western leftist who perpetrates the lie about the West killing Muslims as the source of Islamist terror abets that terror .
China may look at the open source Linux as a replacement for Windows , following an official ban on Microsoft 's Windows 8 for government procured computers .
Chinese Government news agency Xinhua published an article claiming Chinese vendors are using a ban on Windows 8 to push Linux-based OS variants .
According the the reports , Chinese developers may receive `` preferential policy '' treatment and official support for developing Linux-based operating systems .
The Linux distributions and other locally developed programs are often `` are created in accordance with Chinese people 's habits '' and as such `` beat foreign rivals '' , the official news agency recorded .
A search on DistroWatch revealed three Chinese Linux distributions , Ubuntu Kylin , Deepin and StartOS are currently available .
StartOS - with its GNOME desktop environment tweaked to look like Windows XP - may be a contender for older systems , thanks to low hardware requirements .
StartOS XP-like desktop
Google 's Android , which is based on Linux , also gets a mention as an alternative to Windows .
An earlier effort by Chinese developers to create a Linux-based operating system floundered . The Red Flag distribution closed down this year after the Chinese Academy of Sciences withdrew funding for the project , citing general mismanagement and an inability to complete specific projects .
China 's software industry counts several successes however , including Tencent 's popular messaging program QQ and the Baidu search engine , both used by millions of people .
Ironically enough , Microsoft 's heightened security stance may be one reason the Chinese government slammed the door shut on Windows 8 .
Ni Guangnan , an academic with the Chinese Academy of Sciences , was quoted in the Chinese news reports criticising the built-in malware and security defences in Windows 8 . Windows Defender and SmartScreen for Internet Explorer put users at risk of being monitored and endangering national security , they claimed , especially if run on government computers .
Contacted by iTnews , a Microsoft spokesperson downplayed the government ban on Windows 8 , saying the operating system meets all Chinese government procurement requirements .
After a raucous nomination meeting that lasted over six hours , the Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas provincial Progressive Conservative riding association selected Ben Levitt to be their candidate for the 2018 election .
`` I 'm still in a bit of a shock , '' said Levitt , later at a gathering attended by friends , family and supporters at Southcote 30 . `` I 'm feeling pretty amazed after seeing all my friends , and family and new friends come out and support me today . ''
Levitt , 25 , who lives on the west Mountain , defeated three other candidates , Jeffery Peller , Jobson Easow and Vikram Singh , on the third ballot after a long and strenuous May 7 nomination meeting held at the Ancaster High School .
Another candidate , Dundas business person Kevin Gray , who announced their intention to seek the nomination , did not take part in the event .
After about an hour and a half of waiting for the ballots to be counted , Rick Dykstra , president of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party announced in the school 's cafeteria that Levitt was the winner . They were drowned out by Singh 's supporters booing and shouting `` cheater '' at the candidate and provincial party officials .
Levitt attempted to talk to the crowd that had gathered , but their supporters quickly hustled them out of the school .
Singh , surrounded by their friends , refused to respond to questions from a reporter about the results and the anger experienced by their supporters .
Dykstra said there were 1,800 ballots cast , with `` some '' of them spoiled . They said all from the campaigns ' representatives in the room `` agreed '' to remove the spoiled ballots .
They also said there were people who were denied the opportunity to vote because they did n't have the proper identification .
`` We had that issue too , '' they said . `` Credentials did n't match up with identifications . In large part most of the people voted . ''
Video
Baroness Trumpington appeared not to be impressed with a reference to them when they were named by Lord King in the House of Lords .
Lord King was recalling how gradually the survivors of World War I `` faded away '' and `` then the survivors of World War II started to look pretty old as well '' .
They then noted that the former agriculture minister was the House 's only remaining survivor from WWII .
As Jean Barker , they served at the previously-secret wartime listening station at Bletchley Park , Buckinghamshire - the forerunner to GCHQ , and was mayor of Cambridge .
During their contribution to the Remembrance Day debate later they paid tribute to the work of the Home Guard - their father , who won an MC in World War I , commanded the Marylebone branch .
In initial public offering or IPO , where a private company transforms into a public company , bookrunners are vital . And here 's why .
Bookrunners and Why They Are Important
Bookrunners serve as the underwriters or managers in investment banking . From the word itself , it 'runs ' or is in-charge of the books . They are important in any IPO transaction because they are the ones responsible for placing a new equity , debt or security issue with investors . The bookrunner may work with other participating firms .
Usually , one company will be responsible of handling the books , and the bookrunner will be listed on top of other underwriters . More than one bookrunner may manage a security issuance , and this is referred to as `` joint book runners '' . Bookrunners , when syndicated with other firms , can reduce the risk in the issuance of the new equity , debt or security .
Bookrunners are important in rendering a successful IPO transaction . Every private company with an endeavor to go public shall be mindful on how to choose the right underwriting firms that will be in charge of its IPO . Here are some tips for you on selecting efficient bookrunners .
The More , The Better
Use more than one bookrunner . With joint bookrunners and underwriters , there is a greater probability to improve in a well-rounded manner . Your company will be reinforced in various attributes such as knowledge in the industry , experiences in deals and negotiations , and other buy-side and other business-related relationships and concerns .
Expand Your Array of Options
Of course , you should have a targeted group of investment banks and underwriters to consider for leading you IPO endeavors . Nevertheless , there is no harm in being open for more options . Remember , the more options you have , the greater the chance you can settle for the best partner for your company . It may take more time and meticulous efforts , but it will definitely pay off once you have found the right underwriting firm/s .
Take It as a Marriage
When looking for the right bookrunner , find your soulmate . Remember that your partnership is a marriage so your company and the bookrunner must be compatible . This means that you should be sharing a common vision . You should be both working in the same direction , towards the same destination .
Partner With A Researcher
You can easily find an investment banker , but not a researcher , and when you find one never ever let go . Research analysts are very important for a private company 's IPO process . When the IPO transaction is done , they will be responsible of keeping investors up-to-date with business developments . They will recommend and provide insights on how you should move your stock price . Most importantly , they will effectively communicate with your audience as they are equipped with the relevant data and information . So never estimate a researcher , and when choosing an underwriting firm , be sure that its people can do the 'real ' research .
So the Falcons have been pumping in fake crowd noise since 2013 , and just got hit with a punishment for it . The team is fined 350,000 dollars and they lose a fifth round pick this year . Honestly , that strikes me as fair . I was initially totally against any draft picks being taken away because come on , fake crowd noise ? Who cares ? If your team is pumping in fake crowd noise what does that say about your crowds ? What does it say about your home field advantage ? It 's actually kind of pathetic when you think about it . It 's not like it helped them much , either . The Falcons have n't exactly set the league on fire these past two years , even at home . So fake crowd noise is just kind of pathetic and I 'm not really bothered by it at all . The speaker system still generates a lot of noise without the crowds . They pump in the music and sound effects , plus every stadium has those “ MAKE SOME NOISE ! ” graphics when they want you to yell . I guess Atlanta just did n't think much of their fanbase yelling and decided to sneak in a few Wilhelm Screams thinking no one would notice .
But , my opinion on crowd noise or not , it is still technically cheating . I 'm surprised they are the ones caught or that they admitted to it , I 've heard rumors about other teams doing it forever , namely Seattle , yet nothing has ever come of it . Also , since it is against the rules and dishonest , they need to at least institute some level of reasonable punishment to discourage other teams from thinking about it . So the fine is a joke , but a fifth rounder is fair . It 's high enough that it could be of some value , but not necessarily a lot of value and certainly not as much as a 1-3 rounder . Past round 4 most teams are throwing darts at a corkboard looking for possible depth so a loss of a 5th is n't a big deal . I heard rumors of a 1st at one point with some people actually defending that , which is preposterous .
Child ? A charity mistakenly said this 'youngster ' was an interpreter . Face recognition software put them at 38
A foster couple yesterday declared that they had been ‘ horrified ' for years about grown men masquerading as child refugees .
Sarah and Giles , who have fostered dozens of child asylum seekers , said several had turned out to be adults , but social services had ‘ no interest ' in being told .
After reading this week about widespread doubts over the ages of some young men coming from Calais , they said : ‘ We could never understand why this has not come out before . '
Using assumed names because they fear reprisals if they are identified , Sarah and Giles said one boy , supposedly 15 , lived with them for two years and attended a local school . But when they eventually left them , they revealed : ‘ You English are so stupid – I 'm in my twenties . '
They said dentists and GPs routinely turned away their foster ‘ children ' because they could tell they were actually grown men .
But they were ‘ fobbed off ' when they warned social services , and worried they would be accused of racism if they made a fuss .
Speaking from their home in an English university town , Sarah and Giles said all they wanted to do was offer love and support to child refugees , but were instead expected to provide a home for men pretending to be children and send them to schools with genuine youngsters .
Sarah said : ‘ How would you feel if your teenage daughter was sharing a class with one of these men ?
‘ We have been horrified about this for years . Young men are taken in with no proper check on their histories . They are placed in family homes – our home – and schools .
‘ Who knows what they have done , or been through – no one knows anything about their past .
‘ It is very common for them to have January 1st birthdays , because the Home Office just gives them arbitrary dates of birth . '
The couple , who have grown-up children of their own and have been fostering for more than a decade , said they warned social services whenever they had suspicions .
Above left and right , two of those seeking refuge in the UK this week , who perhaps need a shave and have hidden their face . Foster carer Sarah said if they ask for a razor quickly , that is a sure sign something is wrong
But Sarah said : ‘ Nothing was ever done . Our concerns were just fobbed off . Social services would just tell us , “ Oh , they have had a hard life ” .
‘ This is not about doubting the word of refugees – it is about a very important child protection issue . You are placing men with unknown troubled backgrounds into a school environment , where schoolchildren are supposed to be safe , and a foster environment which is our home .
‘ We might also be looking after a child abuse victim from Britain who could be very vulnerable . '
Giles said they both felt Britain should show pity and compassion to youngsters who were alone , penniless and without parents , often from horrifying backgrounds .
But based on years of experience , they are convinced more rigorous age and health checks are needed .
They said : ‘ In the absence of age assessments , which should include the opinion of doctors and dentists , child protection agencies are placing men of unknown backgrounds and histories in family homes and school environments too . This has been happening for years .
‘ We are speaking out because we have witnessed disturbing events . We have no axe to grind . We are welcoming of all nationalities , cultures and religions , but the service we provide is supposed to be for children .
‘ We have many times wondered why the authorities have not taken steps to age-assess young people who look to be adults and our bewilderment has increased when still no age assessment has been undertaken when dentists and doctors have stated – unprompted – that in their professional opinion a particular young person is an adult . '
Manly : masculine features put them at an estimated age of 27 . Sarah and their husband Giles have been fostering for more than a decade and say they do get genuine cases
Sideburns : Computer age of 29 - is they past their teens ? Sarah said they felt horrified that older men would be in the same classroom as youngsters while pretending to be teenagers
Sarah and Giles have fostered many genuine children – some of them migrants and some troubled English youngsters – who have gone on to lead successful lives .
They have kept dozens of fond messages sent by grateful recipients of their care . ‘ One of our foster cases went to university . We were so excited when they graduated , ' said Sarah .
Explaining the process that often leads to them fostering a migrant , they said : ‘ It usually starts in the night , with a call from a duty social worker who says , “ The police have stopped a truck of migrants and one is claiming to be under 18 . Can you take him ? ” But it is n't long before the tell-tale signs the “ child ” is really an adult begin to emerge .
‘ The first thing they want is a razor . It 's a dead giveaway . We have boys of our own , but some of these asylum kids have beards and growths only fully-grown adults have . '
Youngsters being fostered by the couple live in their tidy semi-detached home , with photographs of their high-achieving children on the mantelpiece , and dogs sprawled by the fireplace . To become a foster parent meant giving their lives to the task .
Giles worked in the construction business , but now the couple make themselves available ‘ 24 hours a day ' , said Sarah . They said they found fostering rewarding most of the time , but had become increasingly frustrated .
Sarah added : ‘ The issue of checking ages is huge . By the time they come here , they have clearly been coached in what to say . They know their rights .
‘ They get about £60 a week – cash – in their hands , for clothes , haircuts , mobile phones . They know it 's in their best interests to go into foster care . They know what a social worker is , and how much money they are entitled to . Once they come out of foster care they go straight to the top of the housing list .
‘ We took in a boy from Africa . There is a story they all tell when they are picked up , about having lost all their papers and not being able to speak English . But this one walked in , spotted our TV and blurted out , “ Oh great , EastEnders ! ”
‘ We have a friend who gave up foster caring because they did n't feel safe in their own home . They are a tiny woman and was sharing their home with grown men pretending to be children . It is ridiculous . We do n't want to give up , but it is hard . '
They get an allowance of £100 to £300 a week to cover their expenses .
‘ You have to be able to afford to foster . You ca n't make money out of it , but you do have to pay the bills , ' said Sarah .
‘ We were motivated because we wanted to make a difference . But it is not easy . It is highly intrusive , and every year you get a minimum of one unannounced visit and they go over every square inch of your house .
‘ It is very rigorous , but it is understandably thorough because you are looking after vulnerable children .
‘ This makes it all the more ridiculous that they can then put an unknown adult , pretending to be a child , into the household with barely any checks on them . '
Protesters scaled the wall of the heavily-fortified US embassy in Cairo Tuesday , angry over a film that Egyptian media reported was produced in the US and mocks the prophet Muhammad .
Hundreds of protesters gathered in front of the embassy , alternating religious slogans with chants against the US or President Obama . Some climbed over the wall and tore down the American flag , raising instead a black flag with an Islamic inscription that is often associated with Islamic extremists .
Some in the crowd were ultraconservative Islamists known as Salafis . Others were simply Muslims who were upset that their prophet had apparently been maligned in the US . Several Christians joined the crowd to protest the reported insults to Muhammad .
`` These insults are not just against the prophet Muhammad , peace be upon him , but against the whole Muslim community , '' says teacher Abdullah Ibrahim Mohamed , who explains they heard about the film from media and Facebook . They have not seen the film but heard that it `` showed the prophet as a very bad man . ''
`` We want to send Americans a message that they should respect our religion , and respect our prophet . We do no harm to them , '' they say .
Angry demonstrators have periodically targeted US installations abroad over perceived insults to Islam , particularly following the deepened US involvement in the Muslim world after Sept. 11 , 2001 . Such protests have proven challenging to American officials , who must balance US rights to free speech with a desire for greater cooperation in the region .
Trying to strike that balance , the embassy in Cairo issued a statement earlier today in expectation of the protest condemning `` continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims as we condemn efforts to offend believers of all religions . ''
The statement added : `` We firmly reject the actions by those who abuse the universal right of free speech to hurt the religious beliefs of others . ''
After news of the protests emerged , the embassy statement got passed around Twitter , generating some angry responses . `` Why on earth is @ USEmbassyCairo condemning not the people ripping up an American flag , but an American exercising their freedom of speech ? '' asked Joshua Faust , a fellow at the American Security Project in Washington .
Nader Bakkar , the spokesperson for the Salafi party Nour , says the US embassy had asked them to negotiate with the protesters , and ask them not to breach the embassy walls or use violence .
`` Insulting [ the prophet ] is like insulting every Muslim citizen across the world , '' they say . `` We can not accept that this is a kind of freedom '' in the US .
They say they demanded that Egypt withdraw citizenship from anyone who worked on the film . They also had demands for the US to `` stop these actions , and understand that [ insulting the prophet ] is a special case . ''
`` There is a new situation after the revolution in Egypt , '' they say . `` We can not accept this kind of insulting . The relationship between the US and Egypt could be affected by this kind of attitude . ''
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Most of the protesters said they had never seen the film , but heard about it from Egyptian television channels , newspapers , or Facebook . One religious channel broadcast what it said was a clip from a film produced in the US by Egyptian Christians who had emigrated there .
Some protesters said they heard the film was supposed to be broadcast in the US today . They said the protest was not related to the anniversary of 9/11 .
The Colorado Rockies on Tuesday will promote prospects German Marquez , Jordan Patterson and Pat Valaika to the majors , multiple sources have told Purple Row .
Marquez , acquired by Colorado in the offseason trade that sent Corey Dickerson and Kevin Padlo to the Tampa Bay Rays and Jake McGee to Denver , had a breakout season at Double-A Hartford and Triple-A Albuquerque . The 21-year-old right-hander posted a 3.13 ERA in 166⅔ total innings , striking out 155 batters while walking only 39 . Marquez handled their promotion to the hitter-friendly PCL well , with 29 strikeouts and six walks in 31 frames .
Patterson , who has spent time at first base and in the outfield this season at Albuquerque , hit .293/.376/.480 in 495 plate appearances . They drew 47 free passes -- nearly a 10 percent walk rate -- but wound up striking out 118 times after a solid start to the season in that area . Still , the 24-year-old Alabama native provides pop , versatility and above-average speed from the left side .
Valaika , 23 , hit .257/.295/.425 in 495 plate appearances between Double-A and Triple-A while playing three different infield positions . The 2013 ninth rounder struggled offensively after being moved up to the Isotopes , posting a .553 OPS and drawing just two walks while striking out 28 times in 115 trips to the plate . But Valaika is a sound defender and , big picture , has shown the ability to hold their own at the plate despite facing older competition at most levels .
The Rockies will have to make a couple of corresponding moves to accommodate the additions of Patterson and Valaika to the 40-man roster , which already includes Marquez . Transferring Trevor Story to the 60-day disabled list is one option , but there are several fringy players who are DFA candidates , including Rafael Ynoa and Ben Paulsen .
UPDATE : The Rockies did , in fact , designate Ynoa and Paulsen for assignment to make room for Patterson and Valaika .
Guam Homeland Security released a safety fact sheet to the island 's 160,000 residents on `` preparing for an imminent missile threat '' in response to North Korea 's possible missile launch toward the U.S. territory .
`` Do not look at the flash or fireball — it can blind you , '' the fact sheet instructed people who might be outside if the missiles arrive . `` Take cover behind anything that might offer protection . ''
Officials will use `` all forms of mass communication to alert the public '' of news before , during , and after the incident , and people should expect to stay inside for 24 hours after the attack .
The government instructed residents to create an emergency supply kit , come up with a family emergency plan , and a list concrete shelters in the nearby vicinity of places they visit that could be used in the case of an attack .
Residents should take shelter immediately , even if they are miles from the site of the attack because radioactive fallout can be carried by the wind .
Anyone caught outside during the blast should do everything possible to avoid radioactive material .
`` Remove your clothing to keep radioactive material from spreading . Removing the outer layer of clothing can remove up to 90 % of radioactive material . If practical , place your contaminated clothing in a plastic bag and seal or tie the bag . Place the bag as far away as possible from humans and animals so that the radiation it gives off does not affect others , '' it said .
`` When possible , take a shower with lots of soap and water to help remove radioactive contamination . Do not scrub or scratch the skin . Wash your hair with shampoo , or soap and water . Do not use conditioner in your hair because it will bind radioactive material to your hair , '' the warning stated .
North Korea was reported Thursday to have outlined a plan to simultaneously launch four ballistic missiles toward Guam , a U.S. territory in the Pacific Ocean that is home to a major military base .
Officials in the regime say the plan is to have the missiles hit the water from 19 to 25 miles away from Guam , and that the proposal is expected to be presented to leader Kim Jong-un for approval or rejection within a week .
German police on Thursday arrested two Algerian men with possible links to the `` Islamic State '' militant group during raids in the capital Berlin , Hanover and Attendorn in the North Rhine-Westphalia state .
Police are searching for two other men after being tipped off by Germany 's domestic intelligence agency .
The main suspect , a 35-year-old Algerian man , attended a training camp in Syria and was found in possession of material linking them to the `` Islamic State , '' according to Berlin police . They are also wanted by Algerian officials for links to the terrorist organization .
The group of men is suspected of planning a `` serious act threatening the security of the state , '' police said in a statement .
The two men who were arrested were living in refugee shelters , Berlin police spokesperson Stefan Redlich told news channel N24 .
`` The refugee shelters where the suspects lived were searched , '' Redlich noted .
Authorities also confiscated mobile phones , computers and recordings . The group was expected to meet in Berlin to hash out plans for a terrorist attack on German soil , although police confirmed they did not know if they were close to fulfilling their ambitions .
`` There were possible attack plans for Germany - concrete ones for Berlin , '' the Berlin prosecutor 's spokesperson Martin Steltner told DPA news agency .
Watch video 01:26 German police arrests terror suspects plotting attack in Berlin
Police boost security
The arrests come as `` Weiberfastnacht '' begin on Thursday ; kick starting a five-day celebration of Germany 's carnival in the region surrounding Cologne and running through to Ash Wednesday on February 10 .
The `` Islamic State '' -claimed attacks in Paris in November and a spate of reported sexual assaults and thefts that were largely blamed on North African migrants during New Year 's Eve celebrations in Cologne were the backdrop of a tense atmosphere ahead of the celebrations , prompting increased security measures .
`` No form of violence has any place at the carnival , '' said Cologne police chief Jürgen Mathies after announcing bolstered security measures across the city .
`` That 's why we will take vigorous action against all those who overstep the line . That goes for drunk abusers , thieves or sexual offenders who can not accept that a woman says 'no ' , '' Mathies added .
Some 2,500 police officers are expected to be stationed across the city of Cologne , marking a significant increase to last year 's security presence . The security budget for the celebrations reached a high of 360,000 euros ( $ 399,000 ) .
Celebrations set to continue
Revelers were seen early Thursday morning dressed in costumes to mark the occasion in the North Rhine-Westphalia city of Bonn .
The beginning of carnival officially began at 11:11 local time ( 1011 UTC ) . On Thursday , women can be seen cutting off men 's ties in exchange for a kiss , a symbolic move representing the clipping of their masculinity .
DW 's Dana Regev tweeted scenes from near Cologne 's central station .
The peak of celebrations takes place on Rose Monday , typically marked with a parade of giant floats that often take humorous perspectives of the hottest news of the year .
One float in Cologne is expected to depict German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's reaction to the influx of migrants and refugees - many fleeing war in Syria - into Europe .
ls/kms ( AFP , dpa , AP )
President Donald Trump 's new lawyer praised special counsel Robert Mueller on Wednesday .
“ I have a very respectful and professional relationship with Bob Mueller . I think very highly of him , ” Ty Cobb told Politico . Cobb will begin working on Monday as part of the White House legal team responding to the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , Politico noted .
Cobb 's praise for Mueller is strikingly different from the open antagonism shown by many White House staff . President Donald Trump has raged at recent days at their attorney general , Jeff Sessions , whose recusal from everything Russia- and campaign-related paved the way for Mueller 's appointment .
Corey Lewandowski , Trump 's former campaign manager and now an informal adviser to the President , relayed those sentiments on ABC News Wednesday : “ The President has a legal authority to fire Robert Mueller if they want to , ” they said . “ Now , Robert Mueller reports to [ deputy attorney general ] Rod Rosenstein , but Rod Rosenstein could also be terminated . The Constitution is very clear : The President , as the chief law executive officer of this country , has the ability to hire and fire executives who work for him . ”
Cobb told Politico they would “ provide background willingly when appropriate , ” referring to the practice of relaying contextual information to the press without being named as a source for it .
For the regiment of the Canadian Army , see The Canadian Grenadier Guards
The Grenadier Guards ( GREN GDS ) is an infantry regiment of the British Army . It is the most senior regiment of the Guards Division and , as such , is the most senior regiment of infantry . It is not , however , the most senior regiment of the Army , this position being held by the Life Guards . Although the Coldstream Guards were formed before the Grenadier Guards , the regiment is ranked after the Grenadiers in seniority as , having been a regiment of the New Model Army , the Coldstream Guards served the Crown for four fewer years than the Grenadiers ( the Grenadiers having formed as a Royalist regiment in exile in 1656 and the Coldstream Guards having sworn allegiance to the Crown upon the Restoration in 1660 ) .
The grouping of buttons on the tunic is a common way to distinguish among the regiments of Foot Guards . Grenadier Guards ' buttons are equally spaced and embossed with the Royal Cypher reversed and interlaced surrounded by the Royal Garter bearing the royal motto Honi soit qui mal y pense ( May they be shamed who thinks badly of it ) . [ 1 ] Their white belt ( `` Buff Belt '' ) with brass clasps also carry the Royal Cypher . Modern Grenadier Guardsmen wear a cap badge of a `` grenade fired proper '' with seventeen flames . This cap badge has to be cleaned twice a day – once in the morning , and once in the afternoon . A tarnished grenade is severely frowned upon and can be punished by disciplinary action within the Regiment .
History [ edit ]
The Grenadier Guards trace their lineage back to 1656 , [ 2 ] when Lord Wentworth 's Regiment was raised in Bruges , in the Spanish Netherlands ( present-day Flanders ) , from gentlemen of the Honourable Artillery Company by the then heir to the throne , Prince Charles ( later King Charles II ) where it formed a part of exiled King 's bodyguard . [ 3 ] A few years later , a similar regiment known as John Russell 's Regiment of Guards was formed . [ 4 ] In 1665 , these two regiments were combined to form the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards , consisting of 24 companies of men . [ 4 ] Since then the Grenadier Guards have served ten Kings and four Queens , including the current Queen Elizabeth II . Throughout the 18th century , the regiment took part in a number of campaigns including the War of Spanish Succession , the War of Austrian Succession and the Seven Years ' War . [ 5 ] At the end of the Napoleonic Wars , the regiment gained the name `` Grenadier '' in July 1815 following a Royal Proclamation . [ 6 ]
Illustration of a Grenadier Guard , 1889
During the Victorian era , the regiment took part in the Crimean War , participating in the fighting at the Alma river , Inkerman , and Sevastopol . [ 7 ] For their involvement in the Crimean War , four members of the 3rd Battalion received the Victoria Cross . [ 8 ] Following this they were involved in the fighting at Battle of Tel el-Kebir during the Anglo-Egyptian War in 1882 , and then the Mahdist War in Sudan , where its main involvement came at the Battle of Omdurman . [ 8 ] During the Second Boer War , the 2nd and 3rd Battalions were deployed to South Africa where they took part in a number of battles including the Battle of Modder River and the Battle of Belmont , as well as a number of smaller actions . [ 9 ] In 1900 , 75 men from the regiment were used to raise a fourth Guards regiment , known as the Irish Guards in honour of the role that Irish regiments had played in the fighting in South Africa . [ 10 ]
First World War [ edit ]
Attack on Moyenneville . Men of the Grenadier Guards consolidating the former German second line . Near Courcelles , France , 21 August 1918 .
At the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914 , the regiment consisted of three battalions . [ 11 ] With the commencement of hostilities , the regiment raised a service battalion , the 4th Battalion , and a reserve battalion , known as the 5th ( Reserve ) Battalion , which was used to carry out ceremonial duties in London and Windsor during the war . [ 11 ] The 2nd Battalion of the regiment was sent to France in August , [ 12 ] and the 1st Battalion followed to Belgium in October . They took part in the early stages of the fighting during the period known as `` Race to the Sea '' , during which time they were involved significantly at the First Battle of Ypres . [ 13 ] In February 1915 , a fifth Guards regiment was raised , known as The Welsh Guards . [ 10 ] In recognition of the significant contribution Welshmen had made to The Grenadier Guards , the regiment transferred five officers and 634 other ranks to the newly formed unit . [ 14 ] A short time later , permission was received for the formation of the Guards Division , the brainchild of Lord Kitchener , and on 18 August 1915 , the division came into existence , consisting of three brigades , each with four battalions . [ 10 ] [ 15 ] Following this the four service battalions of the regiment fought in a number of significant battles including Loos , the Somme , Cambrai , Arras and the Hindenburg Line . [ 16 ] Seven members of the regiment received the Victoria Cross during the war . [ 9 ]
Following the Armistice with Germany in November 1918 , the regiment returned to just three battalions , which were used in a variety of roles , serving at home in the United Kingdom , as well as in France , Turkey and Egypt . [ 17 ]
Second World War [ edit ]
During the Second World War , the regiment was expanded to six service battalions , with the re-raising of the 4th Battalion , and the establishment of the 5th and 6th Battalions . [ 18 ] The Grenadier Guards ' first involvement in the war came in the early stages of the fighting when all three regular battalions were sent to France in late 1939 as part of the British Expeditionary Force ( BEF ) . [ 19 ] The 1st and 2nd Battalions were serving in the 7th Guards Brigade , which also included the 1st Battalion , Coldstream Guards , and were part of the 3rd Infantry Division , led by Major General Bernard Montgomery . The 3rd Battalion was in the 1st Guards Brigade attached to the 1st Infantry Division , commanded by Major General Harold Alexander . [ 20 ] As the BEF was pushed back by the German blitzkrieg during the battles of France and Dunkirk , these battalions played a considerable role in maintaining the British Army 's reputation during the withdrawal phase of the campaign before being themselves evacuated from Dunkirk . [ 19 ] After this , they returned to the United Kingdom , where they undertook defensive duties in anticipation of a possible German invasion . Between October 1940 and October 1941 , the regiment raised the 4th , 5th , and 6th Battalions . [ 21 ] Later , in the summer of 1941 , there was a need to increase the number of armoured and motorised units in the British Army and as a result many infantry battalions were converted into armoured regiments ; the 2nd and 4th Battalions were re-equipped with tanks , while the 1st Battalion was motorised . [ 22 ] The 1st and 2nd ( Armoured ) Battalions were part of the 5th Guards Armoured Brigade , attached to the Guards Armoured Division , [ 23 ] and the 4th Battalion was part of the 6th Guards Tank Brigade Group . They subsequently served in the North West Europe Campaign of 1944–45 , taking part in several actions , including the Battle for Caen , particularly in Operation Goodwood , as well as Operation Market Garden , the Battle of the Bulge and Operation Veritable . [ 24 ]
The 3rd , 5th and 6th Battalions served in the North African Campaign and in the final stages of the Tunisia Campaign , under command of the British First Army , where they fought significant battles in the Medjez-el-Bab and along the Mareth Line . The battalions took part in the Italian Campaign at Salerno , Monte Camino , Anzio , Monte Cassino , and along the Gothic Line . [ 19 ] [ 25 ] The 3rd Battalion , still with the 1st Guards Brigade , was attached to the 78th Battleaxe Infantry Division for two months in Tunisia until it was exchanged for the 38th ( Irish ) Brigade and became part of the 6th Armoured Division , where it would remain for the rest of the war . [ 26 ] The 5th Battalion was part of 24th Guards Brigade and served with the 1st Division during the Battle of Anzio . After suffering devastating casualties , the brigade was relieved in March 1944 . [ 27 ] The 6th Battalion served with the 22nd Guards Brigade , later redesignated 201st Guards Motor Brigade , until late 1944 when the battalion was disbanded due to an acute shortage of Guards replacements . [ 28 ] Throughout the course of the conflict , two men of the regiment were awarded the Victoria Cross . They were Lance Corporal Harry Nicholls of the 3rd Battalion , during the Battle of Dunkirk , and Major William Sidney of the 5th Battalion during the Battle of Anzio in March 1944 . [ 29 ] [ 30 ]
After the war [ edit ]
In June 1945 , following the end of hostilities , the 2nd and 4th Battalions gave up their tanks and returned to the infantry role . [ 31 ] The regiment returned to three battalions at this time , with the 4th and 5th Battalions being disbanded along with the 6th , which had been removed from the order of battle before the end of the war . [ 32 ] Initially , they were employed on occupation duties in Germany ; however , the 3rd Battalion was deployed shortly afterwards to Palestine , where it attempted to keep the peace until May 1948 , when it was replaced by the 1st Battalion . Further deployments came to Malaya in 1949 , Tripoli in 1951 and Cyprus in 1956 . [ 33 ] In 1960 , shortly after returning from Cyprus , the 3rd Battalion paraded for the last time [ 34 ] and was subsequently placed in suspended animation . In order to maintain the battalion 's customs and traditions , one of its companies , the Inkerman Company , was incorporated into the 1st Battalion . [ 35 ]
Since the mid-1960s , the 1st and 2nd Battalions deployed to Africa , South America and Northern Ireland where they undertook peacekeeping duties . They also undertook duties as part of the NATO force stationed in Germany during the Cold War . [ 36 ] In 1991 , the 1st Battalion , which had been serving in Germany at the time , was deployed to the Middle East , where it took part in the Persian Gulf War mounted in Warrior armoured personnel carriers , before returning for a six-month tour of Northern Ireland . [ 35 ]
In 1994 , under the Options for Change reforms , The Grenadier Guards was reduced to a single battalion . The 2nd Battalion was put into 'suspended animation ' , and its colours passed for safekeeping to a newly formed independent company , which was named `` The Nijmegen Company '' . [ 37 ] As a result of this , the regiment was reduced to its current composition : one full battalion , the 1st Battalion , consisting of three rifle companies ( The Queen 's Company , Number Two Company and Inkerman Company ) , a support company and a headquarters company , based at Wellington Barracks , London , and one independent company , The Nijmegen Company . [ 37 ] The Queen , as Colonel-in-Chief , presented new colours to the Nijmegen Company in 2013 . [ 38 ]
Edward Barber , one of 14 members of The Grenadier Guards who have received the Victoria Cross
Recruits practising drill on Catterick parade square
In recent years , the 1st Battalion has deployed as part of Operation Telic in Iraq , and Operation Herrick in Afghanistan . [ 37 ]
Current role [ edit ]
The Queen 's Company of The Grenadier Guards traditionally provides the pallbearers for all deceased monarchs . [ 39 ]
The Grenadier Guards and other Guards regiments have a long-standing connection to The Parachute Regiment . Guardsmen who have completed P Company are transferred into the Guards Parachute Platoon , which is currently attached to the 3rd Battalion , The Parachute Regiment . The Guards Parachute Platoon maintains the tradition established by No 1 ( Guards ) Independent Parachute Company that was part of the original Pathfinder Group of 16th Parachute Brigade , which has since been designated as the 16th Air Assault Brigade . [ 40 ]
Under Army 2020 Refine , the 1st Battalion was moved from Aldershot to Windsor and moved into London District . [ 41 ]
Battle honours [ edit ]
The 1st Foot Guards has received 79 battle honours , [ 37 ] which it gained for its involvement in the following conflicts :
Training [ edit ]
Recruits to the Guards Division go through a thirty-week gruelling training programme at the Infantry Training Centre ( ITC ) . The training is two weeks more than the training for the Regular line infantry regiments of the British Army ; the extra training , carried out throughout the course , is devoted to drill and ceremonies . [ 42 ]
The Grenadier Guards ' various colonels-in-chief have generally been the British monarchs , including Edward VII , George V , Edward VIII , George VI , and currently Elizabeth II . [ 41 ]
Regimental Colonels [ edit ]
The following is a list of individuals who have served in the role of colonel of the regiment : [ 43 ]
Marches [ edit ]
The Regimental Slow March is the march Scipio , [ 39 ] from the opera of the same name by George Frideric Handel , inspired by the exploits of the Roman General Scipio Africanus . The first performance of Scipio was in 1726 . Handel actually composed the eponymous slow march for the First Guards , presenting it to the regiment before they added it to the score of the opera . [ 45 ] The Quick March is The British Grenadiers . [ 39 ]
Both the 2nd Grenadier Guards F.C . and the 3rd Grenadier Guards F.C . enjoyed considerable success in the London League . [ 46 ] [ 47 ]
Alliances [ edit ]
Lineage [ edit ]
Lineage 1st Regiment of Foot Guards
( later Grenadier Guards ) The Royal Regiment of Guards John Russell 's Regiment of Guards
Order of precedence [ edit ]
The Grenadier Guards is the most senior regiment of the Infantry in the British Army [ 48 ]
Preceded by
First in Order of Precedence Infantry Order of Precedence Succeeded by
Coldstream Guards
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Footnotes
Citations
References [ edit ]
Moby joins the Spotify debate but Radiohead singer retaliates , saying that while they may be 45 , they do 'still have hair '
Moby has likened Thom Yorke 's recent call to arms regarding Spotify and music 's digital distribution to `` an old guy yelling at fast trains '' .
A digital distribution advocate , Moby has released their new album , Innocents , in both traditional formats and via a BitTorrent Bundle , so that those who purchase it can download the stems and remix their tracks .
Speaking to Mashable about the ways in which technology , and in particular Spotify , benefits the listener , they joined the debate surrounding the creation of a sustainable model for artists in the digital age , explaining that `` every industry has been impacted by [ changes in technology ] in both negative and positive ways , but I feel like to complain is pointless '' .
They continued : `` I love Thom Yorke , but when I heard them complaining about Spotify , I 'm like , 'You 're just like an old guy yelling at fast trains . ' I love anything that enables people to have more music in their lives . ''
Last night the Radiohead singer , who last month claimed that Spotify was `` the last desperate fart of a dying corpse '' , responded to Moby 's comment by tweeting , `` I am a 45 yr old Luddite and proud of it .. yawn . ''
They then replied to artist Illum Sphere who was surprised at Yorke 's age with `` yes braa ! ! 45. grey but still have hair '' .
Moby later justified their comments , posting on Twitter : `` to be clear , i love @ thomyorke and david byrne , creative geniuses . i just do n't see the point in fighting a future that 's already here . ''
CLOSE Despite its humble beginnings , the alt-right movement has been gaining national attention with its provocative message .
White nationalist leader Richard Spencer is scheduled to speak at UF on Oct. 19 . ( Photo : David J Phillip/AP )
TALLAHASSEE — Gov . Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency as hundreds of law enforcement officers from across the state gather at the University of Florida in advance of a Thursday event by white nationalist Richard B. Spencer .
Alachua County Sheriff Sadie Darnell had asked Scott to declare the emergency as the university prepares for Spencer 's visit . The governor 's executive order places the state agency usually responsible for hurricanes at the front of the effort to preserve order during the event . It also places the Florida National Guard on standby .
Anti-fascist groups , known as Antifa , plan to protest the white nationalist event . Both sides have talked on social media about using violence .
`` I find that the threat of a potential emergency is imminent and hereby declare a state of emergency in Alachua County , '' Scott wrote in an executive order they signed on Monday .
Darnell 's agency is equipped and trained as a specialized regional task force for the federal Department of Homeland Security . But uncertainty over the groups that may show up led them to request as many resources as possible .
`` What was needed was the ability to reach out to some specialty teams , '' Darnell said . `` We 've never been able to predict the unknown and we just do n't know what to expect . ''
Spencer said the emergency declaration was overkill and is a maneuver that should be reserved for a hurricane or an invasion . They worried Scott 's order was meant to eventually cancel their event .
`` If someone is coming to speak I feel like declaring the state of emergency is out of bounds , '' Spencer said . `` I feel like this may be an excuse to cancel the event but I simply do n't know .
`` There 's no good reason why the speech should n't take place , '' Spencer said .
Scott wrote in a statement about the declaration that freedom of speech is a right , but the government must also preserve the safety of its citizens .
“ We live in a country where everyone has the right to voice their opinion , however , we have zero tolerance for violence , and public safety is always our number one priority , '' Scott said . `` This executive order is an additional step to ensure that the University of Florida and the entire community is prepared so everyone can stay safe . ”
Spencer said they expected the 800-seat center to be full . Darnell said they did not have a crowd estimate for people who will fill parking lots around the Phillips Center .
University officials said the price tag for security at Spencer 's event will be $ 500,000 . Spencer 's National Policy Institute paid the school $ 10,000 to rent the Phillips Center for the Performing Arts . At least 500 law enforcement officers are expected to be on hand .
Scott 's emergency declaration places the state Division of Emergency Management in control of all coordination efforts before and after the event . Safety measures will be headed by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement .
Spencer 's appearance was made public earlier this month after the university reversed a decision that had canceled a similar event in September . Spencer is a leader of the alt-right , which organized an August rally in Charlottesville , Virginia that turned deadly .
Under threat of lawsuit , UF President Ken Fuchs said the First Amendment required the university to allow Spencer 's event . They also asked students and staff to ignore it .
`` The values of our university are not shared by Mr. Spencer , the National Policy Institute or their followers , '' Fuchs said in a video posted to the university president 's Facebook page . `` Our campuses are places where people of all races , origins and religions are welcomed and are treated with love . ''
Fuchs later added , `` I urge everyone to stay away from the Phillips Center on Oct . 19 . ''
Similar to a natural disaster like a hurricane , Scott 's executive order allows public agencies to bypass laws that govern how they spend money . It also grants authority to any law enforcement officer who comes from outside Alachua County .
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2ypTmtB
LOS ANGELES -- A year can change so much . It was 364 days ago that the Los Angeles Rams hosted the Dallas Cowboys for their preseason opener at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum . Jeff Fisher patrolled the sidelines , Case Keenum started at quarterback , Dak Prescott was merely a rookie fill-in , and 89,140 people were in the stands , representing the largest crowd ever to watch an NFL exhibition game on American soil .
The Rams hosted the Cowboys to begin the preseason once again on Saturday , but it was Sean McVay as head coach , Jared Goff as the starting quarterback , Prescott among the resting star players , and 62,888 at the game -- a reflection of the 4-12 season that sapped some of the excitement for the local team in this city . The new-look Rams ultimately came away with a 13-10 victory , thanks to an impressive defensive performance and a late Sean Mannion drive that set up a 36-yard field goal by backup kicker Travis Coons .
Third-round pick Cooper Kupp , left , looks to have locked down a role as a slot receiver for the Rams and had two catches for 35 yards Saturday against Dallas . AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill
Below are some key takeaways .
QB depth chart : Goff got two series in very quickly . They went three-and-out , then the Cowboys muffed a punt , allowing them to take over on the Cowboys ' 33-yard line . Goff then completed a 19-yard pass to Cooper Kupp on play-action , putting the Rams in the red zone . They later threw a pass to Robert Woods off a quick slant , which Woods fumbled before it was recovered by Kupp in the end zone . That was it . Goff went 3-of-4 for 34 yards . Their backup , Mannion , saw extended action and played very well against Cowboys backups , going 18-of-25 for 144 yards .
When it was starters vs. starters , the Rams looked ... : not too different from last season , but it was a small sample size . Their defense -- without Robert Quinn , Mark Barron and Aaron Donald ( a camp holdout ) -- played well and aggressively against a Dallas offense that did n't have Prescott , Ezekiel Elliott , Dez Bryant and Jason Witten . On offense , Todd Gurley gained only 2 yards on four carries . And Goff kept most of their throws pretty short .
One reason to be concerned : The Rams ' offensive line might not have much room for injury . Their second unit struggled , particularly backup center Austin Blythe , who made a high snap to Mannion that prompted the Rams to lose 28 yards . And reserve tackle Pace Murphy had a really tough day , allowing at least three defensive ends to blow by them for vicious hits on Mannion . One of the Rams ' key backups , Andrew Donnal , has been nursing a knee injury throughout training camp . If something happens to the 35-year-old Andrew Whitworth at left tackle , they could be in serious trouble .
That guy could start : Matt Longacre wo n't start , but they look like they could be an important backup for Quinn and Connor Barwin at outside linebacker . Longacre , a seldom-used defensive end the last two years , got extended playing time with Quinn and rookie Samson Ebukam out and did a nice job of getting around the edge to create disruption . Quinn and Barwin have combined for 14 NFL seasons and will be asked to do a lot in new coordinator Wade Phillips ' system . The Rams need guys to step up behind them so they can stay fresh .
Rookie watch : Kupp and tight end Gerald Everett played well . Kupp , a polished third-round pick who already looks to have solidified a role as a slot receiver , caught a couple of passes for 35 yards . Everett , drafted 44th overall , had two catches for 12 yards and showed some nice moves in space . But the most impressive rookie was actually an undrafted running back , Justin Davis , who played on this same field while at USC . Davis hit holes quickly and decisively , gaining 70 yards on nine carries . But they fumbled twice .
Play ESPN Fantasy Football More people play on ESPN than anywhere else . Join or create a league in the No . 1 Fantasy Football game ! Sign up for free !
Fumbling around : The Rams fumbled the ball five times officially , and two more could 've easily been added to that total . Davis fumbled twice , Woods fumbled near the end zone , Blythe fumbled on an errant snap , and Malcolm Brown fumbled on a run across the middle . Brown , currently Gurley 's backup , also fumbled , then quickly recovered , after catching a short pass . Second-year tight end Temarrick Hemingway was called for a fumble after reeling in a long pass from Mannion , but it was overturned and ruled an incomplete pass . `` We have to do a way better job of taking care of the ball , '' McVay said . `` We only lost one tonight , but we put it on the ground way too many times . ''
Changes on the right side : Rob Havenstein was at right guard and Jamon Brown was at right tackle during the offseason program and in the early part of training camp , but McVay switched them on Sunday and kept them there throughout the week , including Saturday 's preseason opener . Havenstein has played tackle throughout college and in the NFL , and Brown was a guard under Fisher these last two years . It looks like that 's where they will stay . `` I feel like Rob 's really settling in nice at that tackle position , and Jamon will be our right guard right now unless something changes . ''
Welcome to L.A. : Wide receiver Sammy Watkins , acquired from the Bills in exchange for cornerback E.J . Gaines and a second-round pick Friday , made it to the Coliseum about three hours before kickoff and watched their new team play from the sideline . Watkins was introduced to a rousing applause on the video board in the fourth quarter . While addressing the media earlier , Watkins called the trade `` a total shock , but I 'm definitely excited , honored to be here . I really ca n't wait to get started , just learning the plays and getting with the guys . ''
President Obama says that attacks on their record from a political action committee founded by former Navy SEALs and intelligence officers should not be taken seriously .
In an interview this afternoon with The Virginian-Pilot , Obama noted that the PAC includes political opponents and a person who does not believe the president was born in the USA .
`` I do n't take these folks too seriously , '' the president said . `` One of their members is a 'birther ' who denies I was born here , despite evidence to the contrary . You 've got another who was a Tea Party candidate in a recent election .
`` This kind of stuff springs up before election time . ''
The political action committee , including former special operations and CIA officers , accuses Obama and aides of leaking sensitive information to promote their national security record -- and their re-election bid .
Campaign aides deny the charge and liken the new criticism to the `` Swift Boat '' attacks that Republicans used during the 2004 election to discredit John Kerry 's Vietnam service .
Federal prosecutors and congressional lawmakers are investigating the sources of news leaks on issues ranging from the raid that killed Osama bin Laden to reported cyberattacks on Iran .
In the interview , Obama also called on Republicans and Democrats in Congress to compromise in order to head off cuts in military spending next year . From the paper 's report :
The incident occurred on the TG971 Thai Airways flight on Sunday , Swiss daily Blick reported on Wednesday .
Passengers on the flight told the paper that at around 11.30pm the Swiss , seated at the rear of the aircraft , started to cause a fuss .
Members of the cabin crew tried to calm him , but the man , who was obviously drunk , became aggressive and insulted staff and passengers .
“ Like a madman they climbed over the seats , regardless of whether passengers were sitting in them or not . Children and women screamed in horror , ” one witness told Blick .
Passengers forced them back to their seat , but the Swiss refused to stay there , so in a final , effective attempt to restrain him , they tied up their hands and feet .
The drunkard remained in that state for the remaining six hours of the flight , until they were delivered to Thai police on landing in Bangkok .
Three passengers were slightly injured in the incident , which was confirmed to Blick by Thai Airways spokesperson Boonroek Suppamitkitsana .
CUTE DOGS AND STACKS OF PANCAKES MEAN ONE THING : FINALS MANIA IS NEAR !
The cute and cuddly dogs are coming back . When Finals Mania returns to the Rockwell Pavilion in the M.D . Anderson Library on Dec. 10 , specially trained therapy dogs from Faithful Paws will once again be there . They made their debut at the event last spring and were a big hit with students . This year , the dogs will be available from 8 to 10 p.m. in rooms 106P and 106T . They also will make several other appearances at the library during Finals Week .
Finals Mania , a tradition at UH that happens at the end of the fall and spring semesters , is meant to provide a quick break for students who 've been studying hard for final exams . This year , the event will take place from 8:30 to 11 p.m. – a full 30 minutes longer than previous ones .
The additional time is a result of its growing popularity . Around 1,800 students are expected to line up for the highlight of the event : the food . They are able to get a helping of pancakes with a wide variety of toppings , turkey sausage , as well as coffee , orange juice or hot chocolate .
“ With each passing year , students are flocking more and more to Finals Mania for the food , fun and friendship , ” said Maria Honey , assistant director of marketing and communications for Auxiliary Services and Student Housing and Residential Life . “ In addition , more students are living on campus , and so our attendance numbers should grow even more . ”
Finals Mania , which is hosted by Auxiliary Services , Dining Services and UH Libraries , will get started with members of the UH band performing several songs from the balcony of the Rockwell Pavilion . After that , the students will move through the food line . A small army of volunteers from the UH community help make the process run smoothly .
Before they leave and return to studying , they can get some free snacks and also collect Cougar Trading Cards .
More volunteers are always welcome . Those interested in volunteering should contact Jessica Mize , marketing coordinator for Auxiliary Services , at 832-842-9141 or jfmize @ central.uh.edu .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dean Ryan admits they will consider handing the keys to the Sixways asylum to gadfly midfielder Josh Matavesi for this weekend 's final Amlin Challenge Cup match with Oyonnax .
The Worcester director of rugby finds resources so tight , following injuries to Paul Warwick and Tiff Eden , they have only regular starter Ignacio Mieres and the mercurial Matavesi to play in the crucial role of fly-half on Saturday .
Warwick is expected to miss several weeks after sustaining a neck injury against Sale last Friday , while academy starlet Eden has been out virtually all season and given Ryan 's reluctance to risk Mieres in this competition – the Argentine has started just one of the previous five pool fixtures – inside-centre Matavesi is their only remaining option .
But while Ryan clearly views victory in the dead rubber as a nicety rather than a necessity and is therefore potentially willing to indulge the unpredictable Fiji international , Matavesi will see it as a chance to stake a permanent claim on the No.10 shirt . The Cornish-born three-quarter has their heart set on playing fly-half for Fiji in the Rugby World Cup 2015 and any chance they get to press their case will be more than gratefully received , indeed the 23-year-old is sticking their hand up for most things at present .
“ He has talked about slotting in there , ” Ryan revealed . “ He has played a bit for Fiji at ten . They are a maverick-type player , sometimes they are not best placed at ten . I quite like them operating at 12 because you get that mix .
“ But also I think they can bring something quite different so in this particular context I have no issues if it 's Josh that goes there . He 's a great kicker , they understand the game very well .
“ He has got to get that balance right between their own personal ability to influence the game and the need to steer a ship and that 's almost where they would have to detract from their own qualities to add to others and that 's always a balance with that type of maverick-type player . ”
And Matavesi could even be given the role of goal kicker if , as expected , Ryan chooses to rest recently-installed first choice Chris Pennell .
“ He is a possibility , they volunteered for that but then they volunteer for most things , goal-kicking is one of those , '' said Ryan .
“ We have got to look at and consider that because without Penns playing we do n't have another option in the team . ”
All of which is also confirmation that Ryan will be willing to choose players whose contracts are coming to an end .
Matavesi could still remain at Sixways but has also been linked with a move to Ospreys in the summer , while David Lemi is interesting Bristol and Semisi Taulava could be on their way to Cardiff . With the transfer market now open for business , Ryan has vowed not to let that distract them or theirs players .
They said : “ Selection has always been based around the club needing to win next week and opportunities to make the club better for the future and those two things will continue . If I feel people can help us win next week , irrespective of contract situation they will play . ”
And they also refused to be drawn into a reply to Richard Hill 's criticisms . Ryan 's predecessor last weekend claimed Warriors should be higher in the league .
“ We have a lot of other things we can concentrate on rather than looking at that . People will make their own judgements about those comments and the reasons why they feel the need to say them . ”
Map Stimulus : How many jobs ? View maps The Obama administration says the Recovery Act created or saved 640,000 jobs through September . Here 's a state-by-state breakdown . Quick Vote How secure do you feel in your job ? Extremely secure
Fairly secure
A little insecure
Not secure at all or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- States are poised to pass as much as $ 24 billion in tax and fee hikes in coming weeks , as they struggle to balance their budgets amid the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression , a report released Thursday found .
The spike blows away the $ 726 million in recommended increases for fiscal 2009 .
At the same time , state budgets are set to shrink for a record second year in a row . The recession has caused tax collections to plummet and the need for social services to soar .
State officials are scrambling to close last-minute budget gaps that opened after April tax revenues came in below already-lowered estimates . States may be forced to tap rainy day funds or impose even more stringent spending cuts to balance their budgets before their fiscal years end on June 30 .
Governors ' proposed budgets for fiscal year 2010 show a 2.5 % decrease in general fund spending , which comes after an estimated 2.2 % decline in the current fiscal year . State spending usually rises 6 % a year .
This is the largest pullback in the survey 's 30-year history and the first time state spending would decline for two years in a row , according to the National Governors Association and the National Association of State Budget Officers .
Also , in an unusual turn , the recession is hammering nearly all states across the country .
`` These are some of the worst numbers we 've ever seen , '' said Scott Pattison , executive director of the budget officers group .
General fund spending , which is not earmarked for specific uses , covers mainly education , Medicaid , corrections , public assistance and transportation .
Tax hikes abound
Some 29 states are recommending tax and fee increases for the coming fiscal year .
California , which is struggling to close a $ 21.3 billion budget gap , accounts for $ 11.3 billion of the hike . Illinois makes up another $ 4.4 billion , while New York is proposing $ 4 billion in additional levies .
Hikes in personal income taxes account for $ 8.8 billion , while sales taxes are set to rise $ 6.5 billion . Higher cigarette taxes would bring in $ 1.5 billion , while corporate taxes would rise $ 539 million .
State officials are searching for ways to boost revenue at a time when tax collections are falling off a cliff . Corporate income tax revenue is expected to be down 15.2 % , personal income down 6.6 % and sales tax down 3.2 % .
Though state officials are reluctant to raise taxes during a recession , they have little choice these days .
`` If you look historically , we 've seen numbers at times of $ 14 or $ 15 billion , but never a number of that order or magnitude , '' said Raymond Scheppach , head of the governors ' group , referring to the proposed $ 24 billion in tax hikes . `` As we go along , governors are going to continue to want to cut budgets , but they are going to be forced to look more and more unfortunately on the revenue side . ''
States also are dipping into their rainy day funds to pay the bills . The funds ' balances totaled 9.1 % of expenditures in fiscal 2008 , but have declined to 5.5 % in the current year . However , excluding Texas and Alaska , the funds ' balances dip to 3.6 % of expenditures . A balance of 5 % of expenditures is considered a relatively adequate cushion .
This downturn is likely to damage state 's financial health more seriously than other recessions in recent years because it is deeper and will last longer , said Scheppach . The last really bad year for states was 1983 , when budgets shrank 0.7 % , but it was preceded and followed by strong periods . This recession will likely plague states for up to three more years .
`` There 's no capability to build the revenue base , build the rainy day fund , '' they said . `` You are really on the defensive the entire time . ''
Spending slowdown
Though demand for state services is up , officials are slashing spending on a wide range of government programs .
Some 28 states have proposed cutting spending on higher education and personnel , while 27 want to reduce funding for K-12 education . Another 25 states have proposed cuts to Medicaid and corrections , while 23 are reducing funds for public assistance .
A record 42 states had to cut their fiscal 2009 budgets in the middle of the year as revenue came in below estimates .
Even worse , 20 states still have budget gaps they must close before the end of the fiscal year .
State officials predict tight times through fiscal 2011 and possibly 2012 since state fiscal recovery historically lags a national economic rebound .
They are currently facing an estimated $ 230 billion in budget gaps between fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2011 .
Until recently I always thought I had a decent grasp of timezones . It turns out my previous assumptions were reasonable but not practical . I thought :
Saving/using a numerical timezone offset ( e.g . -0600 ) was `` good enough ''
) was `` good enough '' JavaScript was n't great at dates but it was better than most since it had the Date primitive
As it turns out : nope and nope .
Timezones are typically based on geographical locations . For example , we have the IANA timezone America/Chicago which can represent Central Time for the United States .
Depending on the time of year , this will be a numerical offset of -0500 or -0600 from UTC . The change depends on the United States definition of daylight saving time . For example :
2016-01-01T00:00:00Z + America/Chicago - > 2016-01-01T00:00:00-0600 2016-04-01T00:00:00Z + America/Chicago - > 2016-04-01T00:00:00-0500
Unfortunately , regions can share the same offset ( e.g . another country North/South ) so if we save/restore the data , then we wo n't know what country the original datetime corresponded to .
2016-04-01T00:00:00Z + America/Chicago - > 2016-04-01T00:00:00-0500 2016-04-01T00:00:00Z + America/Mexico_City - > 2016-04-01T00:00:00-0500
In most scenarios , this can be slipped under the rug but if you want to let users create/edit timezone-aware datetimes , then it wo n't work .
Additionally , in PostgreSQL all datetime values are stored in UTC with no preservation of IANA timezone . As a result , we must save both the UTC value and the IANA timezone in 2 separate columns .
In JavaScript 's Date implementation , there is support for numerical offsets but not for IANA timezones . As a result , we need to perform some guess work . Thankfully there are a few solutions :
Guess based off of the user 's IP address
Guess based off of the browser 's timezone offset https : //bitbucket.org/pellepim/jstimezonedetect http : //momentjs.com/timezone/docs/ # /using-timezones/guessing-user-timezone/
Once we have the timezone , we recommend to stick to using moment with moment-timezone to prevent any loss of IANA timezone . This includes when saving/restoring from a database .
Here are some resources I found practical when reading up on timezones :
[ Gamasutra contributor Phill Cameron examines Guild Wars 2 's subscription-free model , as ArenaNet lead content designer flatly asks , `` If you 're paying a monthly fee for a game , what are you getting for your money ? '' ]
ArenaNet 's Guild Wars 2 does n't require a subscription . I did n't realize the significance of that fact until I finally got my hands on the game . It seems like a nice big bonus for players that takes off some of the pressure that other MMOs exert down upon you . Instead , there 's a much more impressive revelation couched in that little fact .
So far , MMOs have kind of been wasting your time .
You 've got the almighty grind . Hours upon hours killing meaningless mobs to make a bar slowly tick upwards , and see your wallet grow ever fatter . You 've got the endless trudging from location to location , nominally a way for them to attach the carrot of mounts to a stick protruding out of your back , but really just a way to tick off another ten minutes of your time . You 've got the zen-like trance that you slip into while waiting for a battleground , waiting for a group , waiting for crafting to tick over , waiting , waiting , waiting ...
MMOs have been wasting your time , because , quite literally , time is money . If you did n't have all these little , cumulative time sinks , you might get bored . You might even , ( gasp ) , cancel your subscription . So your time is wasted , just enough for you not to really mind , but enough to keep the spread of content thin enough to last to the end of the month .
Gosh , that sounds awfully cynical . But the wool has been lifted from mine eyes , and I have seen the true face of the massively multiplayer . Somehow , it 's all ok , though , because I 've also seen the alternative .
Guild Wars 2 does n't waste your time . The fundamentals of how it works seem starkly obvious , in many ways , and the cynic in me is thinking that the reason they have n't been implemented before is because they subvert the time sinks .
Take the Holy Trinity . Tank , Healer , DPS ( damage per second ) . It 's becoming increasingly clear that the 'Holy ' is there because to mess with it would be sacrilege . Guild Wars 2 does away with it , because , to quote Colin Johanson , lead content designer at NCsoft-owned Guild Wars studio ArenaNet : `` The Holy Trinity , in a lot of ways , prevents you from playing with other people , because you spend a lot of time waiting for other players before you can play the game . ''
It just makes sense . Why should I have to spend my time waiting half an hour for a tank , when I 'm an elementalist with a firm grasp over the power of earth ? I can just cake myself in rock , and bingo , I 'm a tank . People are versatile . They adapt . Fixing them in place seems redundant .
`` From day one we already knew we were n't going to charge a subscription fee , and that 's informed our game , '' Johanson said .
It 's the same fundamental approach that ArenaNet took with the similarly subscription-free original Guild Wars from 2005 . That series -- which sold a reported 7 million units total -- relied primarily upon the sales of regularly-released , standalone installments to the franchise , rather than subscriptions .
That makes it sound like this is the franchise bucking the trend , allowing a business decision to dictate how the studio going to go about their design . However , the impression is that this is almost a liberation , that suddenly they 're not bound by how things have been . Building an MMO with a subscription in mind must be difficult , to say the least .
`` MMOs have gotten away with it for all these years , and I think the question you have to ask is , if you 're paying a monthly fee for a game , what are you getting for your money ? If you 're getting enough content and enough great service to make up for it , then fantastic . But if you 're not , you need to ask why you 're paying a monthly fee . ''
Which could make it sound like Johanson is almost placing a safety net for Guild Wars 2 , but it seems more like they 're using it to raise the watermark , show players that here is what you can get without a subscription fee . So what are you getting with one ?
`` The market is going to go where all the major games are going . If Guild Wars 2 is extremely successful , you 're going to see other games going without a monthly fee . '' Which would almost imply that this has been a racket , all along . What , exactly , have we been paying for ? Servers ?
Apparently , not . `` There 's an incorrect belief out there that it 's more expensive server-wise to run a giant open world game than it is to run an instanced game such as Guild Wars . '' There 's a confidence about Johanson when they talk about the way MMOs are , an assured-ness that 's almost akin to an investigative journalist blowing open some great story .
`` The server bandwidth now is getting reasonably inexpensive enough that you do n't need to charge a fee for online games , '' they explained . `` We made plenty of profit off Guild Wars 1 , and that 's what we 're going to do with Guild Wars 2 . ''
From playing the game , I ca n't see if there 's a con to going without a subscription fee . There are no obnoxious ads popping up telling me to buy an experience boost or some other game-altering bonus . There are no closed off areas with a price tag informing me that for a small fee I can have access to all that extra content . Of course , Guild Wars 2 is n't a free to play game , but the difference in price of just one full retail copy ( which subscription MMOs still charge for ) to a continued subscription is phenomenal .
It 's easy to become somewhat indignant after realizing quite how much the minute to minute of previous MMOs have been dictated by their payment model . Easier still to resent them , but at the same time it 's worth bearing in mind that it 's only recently that the internet has become quite so fast . Perhaps subscriptions really were necessary five or so years ago , when we did n't have fiber-optics veining the first world . That was then , though . Right now , things are different . We do n't have to stand for the subscription model saturating our online experience , and we certainly do n't have to pay for it .
Tony Cartalucci , Contributing Writer
Activist Post
Note : Before considering the US military options in Syria , it would be instructive to re-read this article from March 21 , 2011 titled , “ Libyan War : Globalists Bluffing their way to Victory , ” to understand the true purpose of these current military options and how they were used effectively to win the otherwise unwinnable military campaign in Libya . Through terror and fear , the West was able to fold superior fighting forces that could have held out for years had they stood united .
Corporate-funded think-tank and purveyor of US foreign policy , the Brookings Institution , had in 2009 literally blueprinted the strategy with which the West would slowly strangle and topple the government of Iran . Throughout the pages of their report , “ Which Path to Persia ? ” everything from sanctions , to purposefully provoking war with Iran , to stoking US-backed uprisings , to funding , training , and arming US State Department-listed terror organizations was plotted before being promptly executed .
Amongst those signing their names to this treasonous conspiracy to commit mass-murder against a sovereign nation was Michael O'Hanlon . Besides contributing extensively to the West 's corporate-media , they have no operational experience to speak of militarily , economically , or even administratively . They have never once shouldered a rifle for their nation , nor truly jeopardized their life for any because they seemingly have no problem having tens of thousands of others die for in their stead . They are the quintessential imperial scribe .
O'Hanlon 's most recent work involves spelling out the “ military options ” the US has in regards to Syria in an op-ed aptly titled , “ What Are Our Military Options in Syria ? “
The West purposefully destabilized Syria , and is currently perpetuating extensive bloodshed through militant proxies funded , trained , and armed by the West and operating on Syria 's borders as well as within Syria itself . As the bloodshed mounts , the West is now insidiously using the carnage to justify more overt intervention to execute long planned regime change .
Just as it was spelled out and promptly executed in O'Hanlon 's “ Which Path to Persia ? ” the operation in Syria involves almost identical elements altered only slightly to suit Syria 's geopolitical predisposition . US-backed uprisings , armed militants , and sanctions have all already been set in motion with overt military options being all that is left on the table .
The military options O'Hanlon envisions to achieve the overthrow of Syria 's government include :
1 . A punitive naval or air operation to encourage a coup against Assad : An outright act of war designed to completely cut off Syria , including its millions of civilians , from importing or exporting anything . There are also planned airstrikes designed to psychologically shake Assad 's allies and panic them into defecting and instead “ share power ” with the US-backed opposition .
Of course , O'Hanlon must perceive the Syrian government as supreme ignoramuses to have seen how “ sharing ” was carried out in another Brookings project , Libya , and still count this as a viable alternative to holding fast against foreign-funded militants . It was during NATO 's campaign against Libya that many defectors ended up dead the absolute first moment their services were no longer required — or sometimes even beforehand . Case in point , General Abdul Fattah Younis .
Image : General Abdul Fattah Younis ‘ reward for accepting offers to “ power share ” with the Libyan rebels was their assassination .
2 . A broader Balkans-like campaign to help depose Assad . And by this , O'Hanlon of course means , a “ Libyan-like campaign , ” but would rather focus on the Balkans because it is further in hindsight and much more has been done to rewrite its historical outcome as “ favorable. ” Evoking the NATO-led genocidal killing spree that just unfolded in Libya , complete with the destruction of several major cities , would again remind potential defectors in Syria the cost of allowing their nation to fall into NATO hands .
That cost would be the plunging of Syria into perpetual division , instability , violence , and an uncertain political future that could see any defector a hero one minute , and at the wrong end of a rifle the next . There will be no power sharing , there will be no seats at the table for “ defectors , ” and as Libya has proven , it is very unlikely there will even be a table for seats to be placed around in the first place .
3 . Creation of a safe zone for Syrian civilians : O'Hanlon indirectly admits that this would only be done as a means to eventually include one or both of the above mentioned options . This was already stated in “ Genocidal Turkish Government Eyes Syria , ” where it appears that NATO-member Turkey has been elected to create just such a zone from which increasing hostilities could be conducted .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
What O'Hanlon is really saying…
What must be remembered is that O'Hanlon is not writing this for the consideration of the Pentagon . Instead , they are specifically writing this so that pundits and media outlets can repeat what is essentially extortion directed at Syria 's establishment . The purpose of this exercise is to prey on the fear of Assad 's political allies and those across Syria 's business community who have so far stood behind their nation 's government .
It is hoped that the West can bluff their way into folding opposition by presenting them with a difficult and costly military campaign verses the alternative of “ power sharing . ”
Unfortunately for O'Hanlon and their superiors , Syria has already seen the dead end “ power sharing ” led to in Libya , a dead end Libya will remain in well into the foreseeable future .
The rationale of business people capitulating to see UN sanctions relieved is also absurd considering the inevitable fracturing and perpetual destabilization that will wreck both the country and its economy should the current government fall .
Syria 's opposition is entirely dependent on foreign fighters , foreign arms , foreign funds , and an international consensus that allows such foreign resources to continue flowing to them unabated . Already cracks have begun to show , and now the West 's only chance is to psychologically break Assad 's power base through threats and perhaps even a limited military incursion . The catch is , should Syria remain united , order can be restored and nothing short of total war waged by the West could prevent it .
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today ! Syria has only one option . Imperialism 's favorite trick throughout time has been to purposefully mire a targeted nation in internal strife to weaken it before preying on , and ruling over , both sides . This can be seen encapsulated in the following ancient Chinese stratagem : When a country is beset by internal conflicts , when disease and famine ravage the population , when corruption and crime are rampant , then it will be unable to deal with an outside threat . This is the time to attack . –The 36 Strategies , # 5 Loot a Burning House While it would likewise suit Assad 's opponents , it is particularly important for those who have made the decision to stand by Syria 's ruling government to stay the course of restoring order and pursuing political solutions . The West has gone too far ; its credibility and operational capacity are waning by the day . It has no choice but to continue pushing forward in the hope that there is a lack of fortitude to stand up and fight . The West will not stop until either Syria is divided and destroyed , or the West itself crumbles in the midst of its untenable imperial conquest . Defection , capitulation , and failure are not options . Syria 's fate will be that of Libya , Iraq , Afghanistan , or worse if it falls . Unity is Syria 's only option . Tony Cartalucci 's articles have appeared on many alternative media websites , including their own at
Land Destroyer Report . Read other contributed articles by Tony Cartalucci here . var linkwithin_site_id = 557381 ; linkwithin_text='Related Articles : '
Designers have the power to solve the world 's problems , but it may mean creating more systems and less stuff , says Dutch designer and environmentalist Babette Porcelijn .
According to Porcelijn , designers are better equipped than any other profession to offer solutions to issues such as pollution , climate change and depletion of resources .
`` Scientists can show us what we should not do , but we need designers to show us what we should do , '' they told Dezeen .
`` It requires a paradigm shift – you have to rethink everything . It 's a design issue and a design challenge . ''
But they believe solutions can only be reached if designers start thinking about the bigger picture , rather than focusing on only one issue at a time .
`` You have to think about all things combined , '' they said . `` If you focus on one single issue , you might just fix it , but you might make things worse in another area . ''
Porcelijn trained as an industrial designer , but recently authored a book titled De Verborgen Impact ( Hidden Impact ) , which reveals the full extent to which human actions affect the planet , including the things analysts do n't often account for .
They presented their findings during Dezeen 's Good Design for a Bad World talk series at Dutch Design Week . The biggest human impact on the planet , they explained in the talk , is the manufacture of new products .
`` I never expected that products would be the number one impact on the world , '' the designer told Dezeen , following the talk .
`` It 's really surprising . I thought it would be flying or meat . But that 's the point – you do n't know and you ca n't trust your intuition when it comes to the environment , because the blind spot of hidden impact is so big that our gut feeling is often not correct . ''
Porcelijn is now calling for designers to completely rethink their approach . They believe design skills could , for instance , be better applied to developing sustainable new supply chains or solving the global food crisis .
`` I think we all need to get our priorities straight , '' they said . `` Prior one is not your own design status or the money you make . All those things are inconsequential if there is no proper society functioning anymore ! ''
`` Now is the time to make the right designs , and perhaps that means not designing something , '' they continued . `` It could mean designing an immaterial solution , to help people to not want to have a crazy abundance of stuff they do n't really need . It could be to design food that is sustainable but just as nice as the food we eat now . It could be to design a power supply that is sustainable and functions just as well as the ones we have now . ''
`` We have to do all these things if we want to save our society . ''
Porcelijn presented their findings during Dezeen 's Good Design for a Bad World talk series at Dutch Design Week
Porcelijn was one of four speakers in the Good Design for a Bad World talk focused on climate change , which took place in Eindhoven on 21 October 2017 .
This and the four other talks were livestreamed via the Dezeen Facebook page , and can all available to watch in full . An edited version of the talk is also available .
Read on for the full transcript of the interview :
Amy Frearson : Can you tell me how and why you got started on this project ?
Babette Porcelijn : I started in the beginning of 2014 . I was at home with my husband , and they showed me some graphics produced by the Club of Rome . The Club of Rome is a group of scientists working together to try and predict the future . They predict that , by 2030 , the whole system may collapse because all the problems have become so huge that the system will fail .
My husband said , did you know that the 16 biggest sea container ships in the world are just as polluting as all the cars combined ? And there are n't just 16 of those things , there are 50,000 travelling the world 24/7 . And what they do is they bring products , stuff to our shops , and grain to our bakeries and coal to our power plants , so that we can buy everything , eat cookies , plug in our phones .
They made a calculation that every day we lose 27 million trees more than we plant . I was so surprised about that . They told me that deforestation is not just a problem because of CO2 balance – obviously trees need to absorb CO2 and they ca n't do that anymore – but also because of the biodiversity in forests , they hold the fertile soil . So if you deforest the landscape , fertile soil may wash away and you ca n't regrow it . It 's often an irreversible process .
Also , where there is forest there is rain . One tree produces about 5,000 litres of water per day , through clouds . If you take trees away , it will become dry in the area . So forest is so important .
Did you know that the 16 biggest sea container ships in the world are just as polluting as all the cars combined ?
I asked him , if forests are so important for everything , why would you ever fell a tree ? They said , in many cases , it 's to make way for soy plantations . To make fodder for cattle . So , in the end , it 's for the meat on our plate .
All of this made me realise things were so much worse than I had thought . And it 's directly linked to our consumerism and the way we live . We are way more responsible than we want to know . We live in a bubble and I want to look outside that bubble .
In that moment , it was if I had been struck by lightening . I said , I 'm going to start a project and I do n't know where it ends , but I 'm going to do something – it 's too important to leave it . And in the end I wrote a book and I never stopped again .
Amy Frearson : So the book is about identifying all the things that cause problems for the world , and showing how they compare to one another ?
Babette Porcelijn : Yes , because as a designer , you try to get a grip on the whole problem and not just the parts . And then of course , as a designer , you want to solve the problem – that 's what we do . So I 'm looking for the most effective ways to solve these problems .
I took in a much broader perspective than most environmentalists would ever do . I was told when I was writing this book that it was too broad , but I said I was going to do it anyway , because we have to know how these things work , so that we can make the problem actionable .
We do n't have the time to spoil , wasting our energy on things that do n't really matter
The other people on the panel [ for the Good Design for a Bad World talk ] said you have to keep it small , because you ca n't change the world . But I do n't agree – you can change the world , if you know what the big things are and make them actionable . Otherwise you might waste your energy on things that do n't really matter . And we do n't have the time to spoil , wasting our energy on things that do n't really matter . We have to be very effective in the way we solve our problems .
Amy Frearson : So , for issues such as climate change , what can designers do to make things actionable and make a real difference ?
Babette Porcelijn : First of all , you ca n't think just think about climate change , you have to think about all things combined . If you focus on one single issue , you might just fix it , but you might make things worse in another area .
For instance , if we want to stop using fossil fuels , which of course we do , but we then can use biomass because that 's CO2-neutral . But it 's not eco-neutral because if we use biomass to feed our power plants , we need all this land to grow biomass and there 's no space left for agriculture . So you have to look at the whole system and then come up with solutions .
Amy Frearson : Designers usually approach one problem at a time . But you 're saying these problems require us to think bigger ?
Babette Porcelijn : They do . And I think , if one profession can do it , it should be designers . To look at the whole system and think big , then identify what you can do that is effective , then bring it down to something that you can actually do . Even if its small , make sure it 's as effective as possible .
Amy Frearson : Can you give any examples ?
Babette Porcelijn : There are all kinds of philosophical systems of thinking . But a really easy example for individuals is : you can do things better , different or less . Three lines of thinking .
If you take beef , for example , which has the biggest impact of any meat . A better piece of meat would be chicken – it has less impact . Something different would be a vegetarian burger . And less is obviously smaller portions and not as often .
These lines of thought can help you come up with ideas and changes .
Amy Frearson : Can you tell me some of the most surprising findings from your research ?
Babette Porcelijn : I fell off my chair a couple of times ! First of all , I never expected that products would be the number one impact on the world . It 's really surprising . I thought it would be flying or meat . But that 's the point – you do n't know and you ca n't trust your intuition when it comes to the environment , because the blind spot of hidden impact is so big that our gut feeling is often not correct . And that 's what I ran into all the time . If you really dive into it then you uncover what the real big things are .
I was really surprised when I found out the main source of microplastics/microbeads . I really thought it would be hair shampoo or toothpaste . But they are nothing compared to tyre wear from cars . Driving a car for just one kilometre , you emit more microbeads than you do in a year in your bathroom . That was really surprising to me .
Amy Frearson : For those who do n't know what microbeads are and how they contribute to pollution , can you give a brief explanation ?
Babette Porcelijn : Microbeads go into water , into the oceans . They are plastic soup .
Amy Frearson : They contribute to ocean plastic ?
Babette Porcelijn : Yes , but they are not just harmful in the sea . They are also harmful in the soil and in the air . When plastic is in the soil it might be getting into our food system , we do n't know , but we do know that animals eat it . Worms eat it and birds eat worms so it gets inside the birds . We do n't have any idea of the consequences of this . But we do now that it 's everywhere .
To close the loops we have to start working together with the whole production chain , not just one supplier
Amy Frearson : What are the best systems to tackle these types of problems ? Should we be promoting more closed-loop systems , or simply reducing our consumption ? Or do we need to develop more complex systems ?
Babette Porcelijn : We have to do all of those things – reducing our use drastically and also closing the loops . And in order to close the loops we have to start working together with the whole production chain , not just one supplier .
Usually we just look one supplier down the line and then we buy sustainable stuff and think we are doing the right thing . But if you really close the loop then you see the whole supply chain work together and make that circular . It 's a totally different way of thinking and operating , and its also a design challenge to come up with product and material and business models which allow for supply chains to be closed . It 's way different to how we work now .
Amy Frearson : In design , people often seem to be obsessed with originality – so if one designer adopts a certain sustainable approach , or works with a particular recycled material , other designers are put off doing the same thing . Is this a problem you 've picked up on ?
Babette Porcelijn : I think we all need to get our priorities straight . Prior one is not your own design status or the money you make . All those things are inconsequential if there is no proper society functioning anymore ! That sounds dramatic , but if we continue like this , we are facing a non-functioning economy . Then you 're there with your beautiful designs but it does n't matter anymore .
Our priority number one should be to keep the planet and our society safe .
Now is the time to make the right designs , and perhaps that means not designing something . It could mean designing an immaterial solution , to help people to not want to have a crazy abundance of stuff they do n't really need . It could be to design food that is sustainable but just as nice as the food we eat now . It could be to design a power supply that is sustainable and functions just as well as the ones we have now . And to help corporations do it and help the industry do it and to help the government with ways to stimulate us . We have to do all these things if we want to save our society .
What I want to know is what the world will look like in 2050 if we start doing the right thing now
If you do n't want to then that 's your choice , it 's not up to me , but if you do want to then I can help to show you the most effective way . And if I do n't have the answers , because I do n't have all the answers , I can at least make sure that you ask the right questions before you start .
Amy Frearson : Now that the book is published , what are your next steps for this project ?
Babette Porcelijn : What I want to know is what the world will look like in 2050 if we start doing the right thing now . It puts a dot on the horizon and I hope it inspires people and helps to align our goals .
Scientists can show us what we should not do , but we need designers to show us what we should do . It requires a paradigm shift – you have to rethink everything . It 's a design issue and a design challenge . I think it 's cool .
Do you know Joseph Campbell 's model for how you find your bliss ? It 's comprised of four circles and where they overlap , that 's where your bliss is . One circle is what the world needs , the second is what the world will pay for , the third is what you love to do and the fourth is what you 're good at . To find your bliss , you need a mix of those four things .
I think I have found mine and that makes me so happy . I can only imagine it works like that for more people . So for young designers wanting to save the world , find your way to do it in a way that you like , and in a way that the world will pay for . Otherwise it 's not going to be as effective .
From glaciers to well-structured cities , some of these stunning places are facing the brunt of climate change and may go on to completely fade away from the face of Earth .
Great Barrier Reef
Source : Sarah Ackerman via Wikimedia Commons
This reef visible from outer space has been facing environmental challenges in the form of rising ocean temperature and increasing acid pollution . Some level of bleaching may also contribute to the fading away of the Great Barrier Reef in the next 100 years .
The Seychelles
Source : pixabay.com
An archipelago of 115 islands in the Indian ocean , the Seychelles , may soon vanish due to beach erosion .
The Alps
Source : pixabay.com
The Alps are famous for skiing and other snow sports . Since they sit at a lower latitude than other mountain ranges like the Rocky mountains , they are at a greater risk of shrinking owing to climate change .
Athabasca glacier
Source : pixabay.com
Heralded as one of the most-visited glaciers of North America , Athabasca glaciers are losing over five metres of ice every year . The glacier which has already retreated significantly is under threat of complete disappearance .
Maldives
Source : pixabay.com
Known for its blue lagoons and beaches , Maldives is a traveller 's paradise . This picturesque island nation is , however , the lowest-lying country in the world , which makes it susceptible to be completely submerged underwater within 100 years .
Venice , Italy
Source : pixabay.com
Known as one of the most romantic cities in the world , the city of Venice , Italy , has been sinking for years . The recent severe floods are adding to the woes of this city of canals , which is already in ruins .
Glacier National Park
Source : Ken Thomas via Wikimedia Commons
Montana 's Glacier National Park , which comprised over 150 glaciers in 1910 is left with less than 25 glaciers now . It is at a great risk of losing all its glaciers in the next 15 years .
Dead Sea
Source : Gusjer , Flickr
The deepest hypersaline lake bordering Jordan and Israel has sunk 80 feet and shrunk by a third . Dead Sea 's only water source is river Jordan . If the water from river Jordan is continued to be used , the Dead Sea faces the threat of disappearing within 15 years .
Bangladesh
Source : Michael Foley , World Bank ( commons.wikimedia.org )
Due to its low elevation and severe tropical storms , Bangladesh is vulnerable to the threats imposed by climate change . Rising seas and major shifts in river flow due to Himalayan glacial melts may lead to flooding of the coastal nation .
Taj Mahal
Source : Yann ( commons.wikimedia.org )
India 's best-known monument , the grand Taj Mahal , has been facing a major threat from pollution . According to a report compiled by India 's National Environment Engineering Research Institute in 2010 , the protective measures taken have also failed . While the monument may not disappear , it would n't be the same in the next few years .
( Contributions by Ashna Mishra )
Doug Wilder , 77 , still meets people who wanted to vote for them when they stood for governor of Virginia back in 1989 but found they just could not do it . They said they would . They even thought they would . But when it came down to it , they just could not vote for a black man . `` I 've had people who tell me ' I did n't vote for you for lieutenant governor or governor . I wish I had that chance again ' , '' they say .
On the eve of their election they led in the polls by 9 % . On the day they won by less than 0.5 % . They call it the Wilder effect - the shortfall between white voters ' professed support for black candidates and their propensity to actually vote that way . They also call it the Bradley effect , after the Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley who stood for California governor in 1982 . Back then the deception continued even after some had cast their ballot . Bradley 's exit poll lead was so significant that early editions of the San Francisco Chronicle projected their victory . They lost by just over 1 % .
The question over the next two months is : will there be an Obama effect ? And if so will it end like Wilder , in victory ; or like Bradley , in defeat ? At its heart lies the issue of how America understands the relationship between race and racism , and the degree to which claims of their post-racial candidacy have been misconstrued .
The issue here is not whether racism will cost them the election , but whether the race we think we are watching is in fact the race that is taking place . In essence , the Wilder effect exposes the gap between how comfortable a minority of white voters are in admitting their prejudice and how ready they are to act upon it .
Over the past 40 years racism has ceased to be socially acceptable . Nonetheless , it maintains broad appeal . The nation 's most popular radio host , Rush Limbaugh , has referred to Obama as the `` little black man-child '' ; and Fox News branded their wife , Michelle , as their `` baby-mama '' . Yet while few are comfortable being called racist , racism persists . `` Do I think there 's been a seismic change ? '' asks Wilder , who is now the mayor of Richmond . `` Yes . Do I think racism is still around ? Yes . Do I think it 's as pervasive as it has been ? No . I do n't subscribe to the idea that the majority of Americans are racist . ''
Quite . Yet black Americans are three times more likely to live in poverty and twice as likely to be unemployed or drop out of school . Such disparities do not happen by accident .
So we have racism but no racists . A system of discrimination - albeit much altered from 40 years ago - remains , yet no one will take responsibility for it . There are views that pervade , but apparently no one who actually holds them . Such is the contradiction that plays out between what some people tell pollsters and what they actually do at the polls .
Navigating these particular incongruities is the challenge of a new generation of black candidates . `` In so much of the work I 've done , I 've found that you had to put people at ease on the question of race before you could even start to talk about what you were doing , '' explains the Massachusetts governor , Deval Patrick . `` I do n't fit a certain expectation that some people have about black men . And I do n't mean that as anything other than an observation about my life . ''
This is simply a candid assessment of black middle-class life in America in or out of politics . Those who are keen to succeed must first negotiate racism in all its subtlety and plausible deniability . Wronged or not , they must avoid any hint of complaint lest it be taken for grievance ; talented or not , they must avoid any hint of over-accomplishment lest it be taken for hubris .
Last week , one Georgia member of congress referred to the Obamas as `` uppity '' . After Obama delivered a throwaway line about Republicans trying to scare voters because they `` does n't look like all those other presidents on the dollar bills '' , the Republican attack machine went into overdrive .
`` There 's no doubt in my mind that what Senator Obama is trying to suggest - that he 's a victim of something , '' said the South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham . An uppity black man playing the victim - meet Willie Horton 's 21st-century cousin .
`` Is it fair ? '' asks Wilder , referring to the demands placed on black candidates . `` No . Life is n't fair . That 's what you have to overcome ... If that 's the bar , you meet it . What do I have to do to have that door opened for me ? Knock on it . Or break it down . You tell me what I need to do . If it does n't open and I have to break it down , I will develop the strength . If I knock on it and it does n't open , I want to know why . Do n't complain about it . Just do the job . ''
Obama has so far been knocking firmly and politely and doing the job with a sly cunning . Their strategy has been to play up the historical resonance of their candidacy while downplaying any overt mention of either race or black people . This was particularly clear during their nomination acceptance speech in Colorado , which was deliberately timed to coincide with the anniversary of Martin Luther King 's `` I have a dream '' speech . Yet they did n't once mention King 's name , referring instead to a `` young preacher '' and quoting one of the more forgettable parts of the most memorable speech in American history . Race is central to their meaning , but absent from their message .
This is less a criticism than a description . Obama is navigating uncharted and decidedly choppy waters . It is difficult to see how else they could play it . And yet it is not without its problems . At any moment , while passing for the presidency , they can be outed by anything from a preacher to a fist bump or a magazine cover . Such is the lot of the incognegro .
For what people really mean when they refer to their candidacy being post-racial is that it is `` not too obviously black '' . The trouble is that is as racial a category as any other , albeit a negative one . The paradox is that , with historically low levels of black and Hispanic support , John McCain 's is the most `` racial '' candidacy we 've seen for a long time .
The days of the Wilder effect may be waning . A report by the Pew Research Centre , following the 2006 midterms , found the polls on black candidates to be highly accurate . `` Fewer people are making judgments about candidates based solely , or even mostly , on race itself , '' it concluded .
But then it only takes a few , and Wilder believes they are still out there . `` It does n't have the same salience . It does n't have the same impact . But are there going to be people who swear they 're Democrats ; who swear they like him ; who swear they believe in what he 's saying ? But yet when they go to the polls and grab that lever their hands will shake and tremble and they wo n't be able to pull it ? Yes . ''
But the chance that Obama may follow in their footsteps does not worry Wilder . `` I hope they do , '' they say . `` Because if they repeat it , notwithstanding what it looked like , they would still win ... The only poll that counts is the one on election day . ''
g.younge @ guardian.co.uk
Baghdad ( AFP ) - The Islamic State group welcomed a pledge of allegiance made to it by Boko Haram and vowed to press with its expansion , according to an audiotape Thursday purportedly from its spokesperson .
`` We announce to you to the good news of the expansion of the caliphate to West Africa because the caliph ... has accepted the allegiance of our brothers of the Sunni group for preaching and the jihad , '' IS spokesperson Mohammed al-Adnani said in the message , using the Arabic name for Nigeria 's Boko Haram extremist group .
In the tape of some 30 minutes , Adnani urges Muslims to join militants in West Africa and played down `` victories '' by the US-led coalition and Iraqi forces against their group .
The Sunni radical Sunni movement has seized large swathes of Iraq and Syria and declared an Islamic `` caliphate '' there . It has also drawn expressions of allegiance from jihadists in Egypt and Libya .
On Saturday , an audiotape attributed to Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau said `` we announce our allegiance to the Caliph of the Muslims , Ibrahim ibn Awad ibn Ibrahim al-Husseini al-Qurashi , '' referring to IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .
Security analysts have said that pledge may only have propaganda value in the short term but could lead to closer links in the future .
Shekau has previously mentioned Baghdadi in videos but stopped short of pledging formal allegiance .
But there have been increasing signs that the Nigerian militants , whose six-year insurgency has claimed more than 13,000 lives and left 1.5 million people homeless , have been seeking a closer tie-up .
IS 's Adnani said Muslims must support Boko Haram in West Africa , and claimed that the Islamic State was growing in strength and expanding .
`` Our caliphate is resisting and it is advancing in the right direction . We are fighting the Crusaders and the rafidah ( Shiites ) and day by day the Islamic State is becoming strong , '' they said .
The tape 's release comes as US Security Council diplomats are drafting a resolution to shore up a regional force fighting Boko Haram , and as Iraqi forces were tightening the noose on IS in Tikrit .
Iraqi forces entered IS-held Tikrit , in the northern province of Salaheddin , on Wednesday after a 10-day push to wrest the city back from the jihadists .
A combination of army , police and volunteer forces moved into northern and southern Tikrit , the hometown of former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and a main IS stronghold after making major gains around the city .
But Adnani said IS `` continues to resist .... and the victories proclaimed by the coalition are only illusions '' , claiming that only `` inches of land '' in Iraq had been recaptured by loyalist forces .
And they insisted that the group is `` sure of its victory '' regardless of the challenges it is facing .
`` God is on our side and give us the strength to combat this armada of Crusader countries , '' they said .
For months , IS has been targeted with air strikes from a coalition led by the United States and already suffered territorial setbacks in Syria and Iraq .
Please welcome Hedon to SOTE
One of the topics often discussed in the MGTOW community is male disposability and how that has helped carve , throughout history , the only identity a man knows , “ a doing. ” That is all they know themselves to be . They are a provider and a protector , nothing more . Their value is placed on things external to them and the society they find themselves in runs on how much sweat they can garner from exertion in trying to attain that perceived value . But what happens when they falter ? What happens when , to borrow from Stardusk 's surreal world story , this robot that is the male human malfunctions ? What happens when they ca n't “ do ” anymore ? No statistics , in my opinion , bring to light male disposability more than the high male suicide rate and the utter neglect shown to it by society at large . To quote one of my favorite movies Bronx Tale , “ Nobody cares . ”
When one thinks of what makes a man and the struggles men face , which is often ignored and swept under the rug anyways , very little , if any at all , is said about the degenerative psychological disorder called depression . This inability to think of depression in relation to the human male is birthed in the subconscious of the society that saddled them with various gender stereotypes , stereotypes that have plagued them since the dawn of time , from birth to death . If one is asked to list , on a piece of paper , words that describes a man , the list would probably include words such as strength , hard work , stoic , a provider , a protector , power , “ alpha , ” someone who does not or should not cry or show emotion , basically everything one would say about a prototypical machine .
At the bottom of that list ( or not included ) would be words such as human , tears , emotion , vulnerability , depression , tired , stressed , lonely , words that no one bats an eye when extended to women . Like Stardusk said about man , paraphrasing , “ he is atlas and upon their shoulders rest the edifices of the world , ” never taken into account that the conundrums that come with the sometimes impossible responsibility and image placed on them could lead them down the disastrous and often a dark labyrinth that is depression and the grave result of which is suicide when they can no longer be of service . Right from birth , they internalize their role as a man and everything that comes with it , they view themselves no different from the stereotypes and the responsibilities placed on their gender , and woe to anyone who dare question the immorality of it . When life happens , as it usually does , even to the best of us , they are lost . Devoid of their perceived importance to society , mainly because they ca n't “ do ” anymore , they find themselves to be a rather empty shell , a worthless entity .
So depression sets in . When this happens , they suppress it , or worst yet drowns their sorrow in liquor , indulging in other self-destructive behaviors they may consider “ the way out. ” . Inside , they are lamenting and screaming to the world that refuses hear or listen to them mainly because showing emotion is not what man does and is not what man is . Besides , they ca n't “ do ” anymore , so who cares about what he 's feeling , right ? Someone like Robin Williams is a prime example of someone , man , no one thought could fall victim to this beast called depression and even if it was thought of , could ever be driven to the brink of fastening that rope around their neck and kicking out the support from under him . But that is the problem is n't it ? How many women , if had shown the neurological symptoms Robin Williams showed , would 've gotten the needed concern and the support they must have sorely needed at the time ?
One could liken a man 's crippling depressed state to a locked-in-syndrome of cerebral death , where the person is fully aware and conscious but completely paralyzed from head to toe . Other than the ability to move the eyes in their sockets , they are forever locked inside the useless unresponsive body , unable to do , say , or move anything else . They are screaming in excruciating pain , but no one hears . Nobody cares . Men 's mental health is a very serious issue and no one is able to lend credence to this better than Aphroditi Zartaloudi in this rather old but well-written scholarly article called “ What is men 's experience of depression ? ”
The article lays out some very key points , exploring , fairly deeply , the issue of depression as it relates to men and the reason why when men are depressed garners very little to no attention compared to women in the same state . When a woman battles depression , not only need n't they worry about some stigmatized image of strength or emotionlessness , there are family , friends , and the society at large ready to hear them out and lend nonjudgmental support .
There are various mental health facilities readily available to cater to their needs without the typecast baggage that comes with having a slit between their legs . If anything , they get the needed attention precisely because of that while man 's mental health concerns are shunned because of his . Therefore , it should not come as a surprise to anyone that healthcare professionals , whose sole purpose is to care for all who seek medical help and whose job require unbiasedness in their health assessment and diagnosis of patients , often find themselves capitulating to the preconceived notion that women are helpless creatures whose health must be valued above that of the male , “ women are more likely to be diagnosed with depression than men because of many medical doctors and mental health professionals , as well as family members and friends , may find it easier to diagnose women with depression more than men because of the fear of the stigma and shame surrounding depression for men , disorder which is regarded as an emotional and not manly illness ” ( Zartaloudi , 2011 , P. 2 ) .
Unlike the man , she 's not burdened with any impossible image to upkeep . They need not be apprehensive about a healthcare professional not thoroughly assessing and diagnosing them because of the stigma that their gender carries . He , on the other hand , has to question their manhood , consider the stigma , as well as the responsibilities that come with being a man if they were ever found to be depressed , cry , show emotion , or any vulnerability whatsoever . Therefore , seeking help when it is directly needed and of utmost importance becomes an arduous task , a seemingly impossible mountain to climb because they find sitting in front of that doctor , male or female , who may let their clouded judgment affect their assessment and diagnosis , unmanly . So what do they do ? They double down , convince themselves that they are not depressed , open the bottle and take in the stink that arises from it , a sweet aroma to him , and lets all their troubles fly away . Only that they do n't fly but are transiently pushed deep down with the help of alcohol , only to fester and become more and more problematic , gnawing at the problems that , day after day , erode their sanity .
Past studies that show women battling depression more than men have been proven to be false or incomplete , mainly because one can not document or survey what is n't being reported , “ other studies have found that men , in comparison to women , rarely use mental health services . Thus , assessing gender differences in depression by looking at those who receive treatment is not appropriate for determining whether there is a true gender difference ” ( Zartaloudi , 2011 , P. 3 ) . So one can clearly see how a major issue concerning men can be glossed over or disregarded in our gynocentric society . Of course , the result of depression is severe depression and the result of severe depression is usually suicide , at least when it comes to men , with intervals of sporadic indulgence in self-destructive behaviors , a downward spiral that often results in self-immolation , ending their own map . As Zartaloudi referenced , “ Men are around 3 to 4 times more likely to kill themselves than women in all age categories . The mortality rate for men by suicide is four times the rate of women but women are hospitalized for attempted suicide at 1.5 times the rate of men . ”
In some countries , the ratio is even higher , “ in Finland the ratio of male-female death by suicide is 10:1 while in Ireland the ratio is 11:1 ” ( Zartaloudi , 2011 , P. 3 ) . The seriousness of the matter , how grim and swift the act is with men , truly reveals itself in the attempts , “ An Australian study found that on average , for every completed male suicide there are five attempts , while for every completed female suicide there are 35 attempts ” ( Zartaloudi , 2011 , P. 3 ) .
There is much more to be said about the issue , and an argument could certainly be made that the article did not delve deeply enough into the issue or consider how depression varies with age , marital versus non-marital life , but many other studies conducted on suicide and homeless show that it affects men far more than it does women . One could only hope , however tenuous , that going forward , steps would be taken in the right direction to curb this phenomenon . Independent of any societal or government help , because let 's face it , the chances of male issues being taken seriously in our gynocentric society is slim to none , the individual male must turn inward and see value in himself .
You are valuable , not the fickle conditional type of value society placed on you as a man , but the value that comes with being a human being . Yes , you have value . The importance of male awareness can not be overstated but any conversation that would slow the skidding train of male depression and suicide would have to include the social , the rather damaging stigma , placed on manhood and the stripping of it . Put down the proverbial shield and spear and walk away . Strip yourself of any obligation to your country with any kind of military service , strip yourself of the alpha/beta dichotomy used in controlling you , strip yourself of any responsibility to people who holds none to you , strip yourself of any valueless demands placed on you by women or the government they control , strip yourself of any obligation to get married , and shrug any responsibility that deems you “ weak ” by the unjust small-mindedness of the feminine when you refuse to undertake it . Like I said in one of TFM videos , MGTOW men should take a peek over their shoulders…there are no chains . Take solace in that fact . No hatred or animosity , just a needed approach towards freedom while rejecting that which enslaves you . It should be underscored that in the article , it is estimated that by the year 2020 , depression will be the second most cause of disability in the developed world and the number one cause in the developing world . It is very easy for me to picture men still leading the way with this phenomenon as the system glide farther and farther into gynocentrism , but I know a growing group of men who , day by day , are saying “ No Más. ” Go MGTOW .
Wed. 6th September , 2017
It has been discovered that the TYPO3 Extension Repository ( TER ) is vulnerable to privilege escalation .
Component Type : TYPO3 Extension Repository ( TER ) at extensions.typo3.org
Release Date : September 6 , 2017
Vulnerability Type : Privilege Escalation
Vulnerable subcomponent : SOAP web service
Severity : Critical
Suggested CVSS v2.0 : AV : N/AC : L/Au : N/C : C/I : C/A : C/E : F/RL : U/RC : C
CVE : not assigned yet
Problem Description : Due to incomplete user authentication it has been possible to gain privileged access to manage any extension on extensions.typo3.org without being properly authenticated using the SOAP web service since the launch of extensions.typo3.org on August 23rd . In theory this would have allowed in the mentioned timeframe to remove extension keys , to remove existing extension versions as well as to ( re- ) upload new extension versions . This vulnerability could be exploited having knowledge of a valid extension key and a valid typo3.org user account name - an arbitrary password could be used to bypass the authentication process . Concerning existing extension releases before August 22nd , 2017 no compromised code could be found by comparing SHA-256 checksums from previous typo3.org storage with current extensions.typo3.org storage . However , for 56 newly uploaded extension versions that were only available on extensions.typo3.org there is NO guarantee that these packages do not contain malware or have not been compromised in any way .
Check the list of possible compromised extension releases :
advancedtitle ( 0.0.4 , 0.0.5 )
aimeos ( 17.7.1 )
aimeos_pay ( 17.8.0 , 17.8.1 )
aip_vimeo ( 8.7.3 )
aws_sdk_php ( 3.33.4 , 3.34.0 , 3.34.1 , 3.34.2 , 3.35.0 , 3.35.1 , 3.35.2 )
cart_pdf ( 1.3.0 , 2.0.0 , 2.0.1 )
cl_metatags ( 2.0.4 )
cookie_hint ( 1.0.0 , 1.0.1 , 1.0.2 )
cookie_question ( 0.1.0 )
datamints_feuser
( 0.11.7 , 0.11.8 )
div2007 ( 1.7.10 )
femanager ( 3.1.1 )
feusersmap ( 0.8.2 )
frp_form_answers ( 1.0.0 , 1.0.1 )
go_maps_ext ( 2.3.0 )
hh_ckeditor_custom ( 0.1.1 )
ipm_cline ( 1.2.0 )
includekrexx ( 2.3.0 )
maps2 ( 2.9.0 )
my_user_management ( 3.3.0 , 3.3.1 , 3.3.2 , 3.3.3 )
news ( 6.1.0 )
patchem ( 0.1.0 )
powermail ( 3.22.0 )
px_hybrid_auth ( 3.1.1 )
px_semantic ( 2.5.0 )
realurl_clearcache2 ( 1.0.0 , 1.0.1 , 2.0.0 )
recordsmanager ( 1.4.0 )
skfbalbums ( 0.0.1 , 0.0.2 )
static_info_tables_pt ( 6.3.2 )
test_foo ( 0.1.0 , 0.1.1 )
turn ( 0.1.1 )
url_redirect ( 1.1.0 , 1.1.1 )
vhs ( 4.3.0 )
wfqbe ( 7.6.2 )
Solution : All extensions that have been uploaded to extensions.typo3.org since August 23rd , 2017 have been marked as insecure . Extension owners have been informed to provide new releases of their according extensions . Extensions that are listed as possibly compromised above have to be deleted from TYPO3 installations or replaced by newer extension releases . Users of these extensions are advised to update as soon as possible .
Credits : Credits go to Benjamin Serfhos who discovered and reported the vulnerability and to TYPO3 security team leader Helmut Hummel who analyzed and fixed the issue .
General Advice : Follow the recommendations that are given in the TYPO3 Security Guide . Please subscribe to the typo3-announce mailing list .
General Note : All security related code changes are tagged so that you can easily look them up on our review system .
Pat Riley 's shopping spree at a Miami Shores Publix a week ago was not their only involvement in Hurricane Irma relief .
Riley , Steve Stowe , who heads the Heat 's charitable fund , and equipment manager Rob Pimental were part of a convoy to the Florida Keys last week to assist with relief . The group was gone more than 20 hours , making stops near Sugarloaf Key and Big Pine Key , two of the hardest hit areas from Irma .
“ It was heart rendering to go out to these places and see these people , ” Riley said today after the Heat unveiled Ultimate Software as their uniform patch sponsor .
“ You do n't realize it until you get out there and see what was going on , especially going down there . We could n't believe what we were seeing . ”
And Riley is not through helping the state recover from the powerful storm . They announced today that through the Pat and Chris Riley Family foundation they are pledging $ 1 million to Irma relief . This is in addition to the $ 10 million pledged through the Heat Charitable Fund , Carnival Corporation and the Micky and Madeleine Arison Family Foundation
Additionally , the Heat are encouraging fans to log onto youcaring.com/heat to donate . The organization will match all funds raised .
Last week Riley was photographed pushing a shopping cart they were filling with items to purchase for storm victims . They made stops around the city to El Portal , Miami Shores , Overtown and Little Haiti where they would hand out items before return to Publix for another load , and head to another part of the city .
Prior to their shopping spree , Riley awoke one morning thinking they were just going to be buying food to be put on trucks and shipped to the Keys when they became a part of the recovery effort . Riley , Stowe and Pimental jumped in a van and followed three semi-trailer trucks that were loaded with relief items .
“ I did n't know that was going to happen , ” they said . “ I was just going out to get some water and rice and beans and spam and then it just ended up . Just was part of the spirit .
“ I went in and became part of what everybody else was doing , ” they said . “ Most of them were first responders . ”
Since , Riley has been paying close attention to the recovery efforts in the Keys .
“ What I saw was beyond what I thought , ” they said . “ These were certain areas that needed a little bit more help initially .
“ Now to listening to the mayor ( of Key West ) and listening to people from Key West , they are so resilient saying we are going to have this done in three or four months and they got so much more to put together . ”
Riley updated the damage that was done to the outer membrane of the Heat 's practice facility . They said the roof started leaking in several spots but a team of Heat employees who stayed at AmericanAirlines Arena during the storm scrambled to find trash cans to spread around the practice floor to catch the water .
“ They saved the court , ” Riley said , adding that if they had not acted the floor would have needed repairs , which would have taken some time .
Although the Heat start camp Tuesday , they will be training at Florida Atlantic University on Boca Raton for five days .
[ Miami Heat individual game tickets on sale to general public Friday ]
[ Miami Heat 2017 training camp preview : James Johnson taking over at power forward ]
[ A look at each player on the Miami Heat 's roster : Who 's on the roster ? Who wo n't be back ? ]
[ Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed ? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page ]
Archaeologists in Mexico City have made an extraordinary discovery—the skeletons of 12 dogs all mysteriously buried together more than 500 years ago , in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan .
Dog burials have been uncovered before at archaeological digs , but this is a first such finding not associated with a building or a human burial , according to a report published in Spanish last week by Mexico 's National Institute of Anthropology and History ( INAH ) .
Dogs were important symbolically in Aztec mythology . They were believed to serve their masters even after death , guiding the soul of the deceased through the many hazardous layers of the underworld to reach Mictlan , the place of the dead . Also , a god known as Xolotl—sometimes depicted with the head of a dog—had strong ties to the underworld .
Whether the Aztecs associated the buried dogs with such symbolism is still unknown . The researchers hope that the burial offers deeper insights into how dogs were regarded by the residents of the chief city of the Aztecs .
Pet Cemetery
Working in an area measuring 6.5 square feet ( two square meters ) , the archaeologists discovered the canine remains between 4.2 feet ( 1.3 meters ) and 5.5 feet ( 1.7 meters ) below the current street level .
The skeletons were mostly complete and well preserved , but their burial follows no particular pattern that the archaeologists could discern .
View Images Whether the Aztecs associated the buried dogs with mythological symbolism is still unknown . Photograph by Melitón Tapia , INAH
The dogs were all of medium height , represent various ages at death , and retained most of their teeth . They were probably common dogs , not native Mexican breeds such as the techichi ( known for their short stature ) or the xoloitzcuintli ( which loses its premolar teeth in adulthood ) .
Nearby excavation sites yielded a style of pottery known as Aztec III . These orange-clay vessels , decorated in black geometric designs , help date the dogs to the period known as the Late Postclassic , from A.D. 1350 to 1520 .
Dog Dinners
The archaeological investigations have been carried out in the neighborhood known as Azcapotzalco , in the northwestern part of the sprawling Mexican capital . During ancient times , this area would have sat on the western shore of the lake known as Texcoco , which is now a dry lakebed completely covered with the city 's buildings and streets .
Archaeologists believe that the Aztecs who lived in this neighborhood may have deposited their domestic trash along the lakeshore in order to raise the level of the land and prevent flooding . A variety of domestic artifacts have come to light in the area , such as pottery , bone needles , obsidian blades , musical instruments made from human and canine bones , the carved bone of a deer , and the bones of turkeys and dogs that were served as meals .
Yes , the Aztecs ate dogs . In fact , they raised the animals mostly for food .
CLOSE Nashville housing boom strains neighborhoods Michael Schwab/The Tennessean
Buy Photo Joe Colvert , agent on the Infill Nashville team at Parks Realty , left , and John Brittle Jr. , the team 's lead broker , stand in front of a residential property they helped redevelop . ( Photo : Wade Payne / For The Tennessean ) Buy Photo
From their office above a Whole Foods store in upscale Green Hills , John Brittle Jr. and their team of agents target the next affordable Nashville neighborhood for redevelopment .
Brittle , a broker with Parks Realty , is called the “ Infill King. ” Their developer clients rely on them to spot bargain older homes , which they tear down and replace with bigger , more expensive properties .
► More : Growth picks up , but drivers slow down , chamber report says
“ For 30 years , real estate agents have been talking about the TSU and Fisk areas , ” Brittle said , referring to the neighborhoods surrounding Tennessee State University and Fisk University , two of Nashville 's historically black institutions . “ We 're going to see some beautiful stuff there . ”
Investors and builders have transformed entire neighborhoods in recent years as Nashville 's appetite for homes soared . Countywide , nearly half of all properties with single structures demolished and new construction approved had two or more residential buildings planned for the lot , according to a Tennessean analysis of Metro Nashville permit data .
Buy Photo A new development in the Galloway community in Nashville , Wednesday , Sept. 27 , 2017 ( Photo : Wade Payne / For The Tennessean )
The familiar scene replays throughout the urban core : Multiple modern , three-story homes replace one-story brick houses . Some derelict homes are demolished and property taxes flow into city coffers . Meanwhile , long-time neighbors live with construction dust , noise , blocked sunlight and changing faces — until they too move , often outside the city .
► More : First look : New images of B. Edward Ewing 's West Trinity vision
“ Some people do n't like what we do , ” said Brittle , who wishes city regulations would allow for denser , less expensive development . “ But the fact of the matter is that the market demands this . People are wanting to move into these neighborhoods . ”
Metro Nashville issued 962 residential demolition permits in 2015 and 1,035 in 2016 — nearly three houses a day . That rate has cooled off by 10 percent in 2017 , but the rapid redevelopment has left many residents wondering what is happening to their city .
Nearly half of demolished properties have more than one building permit
The Tennessean analyzed building permit data from the past three years to see where most residential demolitions happened , and what was being built in their place .
The 37209 zip code that includes The Nations and Sylvan Park had the most residential demolitions , with 583 between September 2014 and September 2017 . At those properties , 376 had approval for new housing . And on those lots , builders obtained 608 new home permits .
Nashville ZIP codes with most residential demolition permits , Sept. 2014 - Sept. 2017
583 permits - 37209 ( The Nations/Sylvan Park/Sylvan Heights )
383 - 37206 ( East Nashville )
254 - 37208 ( Germantown , North Nashville )
251 - 37215 ( Green Hills )
Source : Metro Nashville Codes Department data ; Tennessean analysis
`` You tear down the eyesore and build two nice houses in their place , and raise the property values , '' said George Lauderback , owner of L & S Construction Services , the company with the most permits to build on lots with recent demolitions .
► More : The Nations evolves into one of Nashville 's hottest urban hubs
While some homes were clearly dilapidated , which homes are `` eyesores '' and which are “ nice ” depends on whom you ask . Sharon Jarrett , a retired state worker who lives on Ninth Avenue Circle , just south of downtown , watched their neighbors ' homes fall one by one . In a two year span , three one-story 1970s-era homes on their cul-de-sac were demolished and replaced with six three-story residences .
Most of the original homes were occupied by seniors , they said . “ Some just got brand-new roofs , others had a lot of work done , ” said Jarrett , 56 , next to their freshly-mowed lawn . “ These seniors took care of their properties . ”
Buy Photo Resident Sharon Jarrett talks about the development around their home of 16 years , south of Downtown Nashville . ( Photo : Wade Payne / For The Tennessean )
Today , neighboring houses that have been finished either sit vacant or are rented on a short-term basis , Jarrett said , talking above the din of construction work .
“ They work on weekends . They work on Sundays , ” they said as a tractor revved . “ You ca n't get any rest here . ”
`` Tall skinny '' homes add to the property tax base
Jarrett 's zip code , 37203 , had the fifth most demolitions in the three-year period , with 237 . The leader was 37209 , which includes The Nations , a post-industrial neighborhood northwest of Downtown , with 583 . East Nashville , Germantown/North Nashville and Green Hills also ranked in the top five .
City planners , new residents and real estate professionals point to the benefits of infill development . `` It pays the bills for the city , '' said Brittle , the real estate broker .
► More : 5 things to know about Nashville 's 'tall skinny ' homes
While using existing roads , sewers and sidewalks , infill generates new tax revenue for city coffers because of higher property values and more homes per lot.That money can then be spent on schools , police and other services . For example , the Metro Nashville Police Department 's Midtown Hills Precinct opened near Jarrett 's neighborhood in 2014 .
“ There are a lot of people out there who really like the tall and skinnies , ” said Metro Nashville Zoning Administrator Bill Herbert , referring to the nickname given to multiple big homes on a single lot . “ It 's revitalizing neighborhoods . ”
Buy Photo Some homeowners choose to holdout as the neighborhood is redeveloped . Pictured is Southside Place in Nashville . ( Photo : Wade Payne / For The Tennessean )
But critics say the term “ revitalization ” masks a substantial side effect : displacement . Low-income residents ca n't afford to live in new homes built in their gentrifying communities . Instead , residents are moving in from wealthy suburbs like Franklin and from coastal cities , real estate agents say .
► More : Homebuilder pays $ 10.58M for Davidson land zoned for 1,600 residences
The house next door to Jarrett 's , slate grey with dark panels , is listed for $ 689,000 . Jarrett bought their house 16 years ago for $ 45,000 , they said . I neighbors , they said , sold their homes for about $ 170,000 , and real estate agents were knocking on their door every week .
“ I told them I was n't ready to sell , ” they said . “ I 'm not ready to move at that point . ”
Residents ca n't find replacement homes
A home fetching three or four times its original purchase price sounds great , but homeowners can struggle to find an affordable replacement nearby . Jarrett said one of their neighbors moved in with their sister in La Vergne , about 20 miles southeast .
That problem could be solved , in part , by changing land-use regulations and speeding up the approvals process to allow for smaller-lot development , said Brittle , the infill broker . Their team proposed building up to eight homes on two lots in Barrett 's neighborhood . Two or three of the houses could have been “ workforce housing , ” they said — affordable to people like teachers or firefighters . But the plan was n't in accord with the area 's land use designation , Brittle said , and neighboring landowners who recently bought lots objected .
“ We would love to be part of the solution , ” Brittle said .
Reach Mike Reicher at 615-259-8228 , mreicher @ tennessean.com and on Twitter @ mreicher .
How much can be made with two `` tall skinny '' homes ?
In 2017 , most residential lots in Nashville 's redeveloping neighborhoods cost builders about $ 200,000 , according to brokers . After building two homes and selling them at $ 400,000 each , a developer could expect a profit of about $ 100,000 , said John Brittle , broker at Parks Realty .
But just a few years ago , investors could snap up properties under $ 100,000 and turn a substantial profit . Here 's an example , based on public records , of one property redeveloped in The Nations neighborhood :
August 2013 : A 1935 1-story wood bungalow in The Nations neighborhood sold for $ 59,000 .
July 2015 : Residential demolition permit issued for the home , for an estimated construction cost of $ 2,500 , Metro records show .
August 2015 : Two new townhome building permits issued , for an estimated construction cost of $ 185,000 each . The townhomes are two stories tall , with 1,700 square feet each .
December 2015 : One townhome sold for $ 330,000 .
March 2016 : The other townhome sold for $ 333,000 .
Gross income : $ 663,000
Land and construction costs : $ 431,500
Other costs ( commission , closing , loan interest payments , etc . ) : $ 100,000
Total costs : $ 531,500
Net profit ( Gross income - Total costs ) : $ 131,500
Read or Share this story : https : //www.tennessean.com/story/news/2017/10/12/nashville-housing-boom-redevelopment-strains-neighborhoods/694979001/
Story highlights Bombing Iraq 's oil fields would hurt Iraq more than ISIS , says military experts .
ISIS does control some oil fields , but they are located in Syria , not Iraq .
Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump wants to `` knock the hell out of '' Iraq 's oil fields in order to strike ISIS .
And then they want to take over the oil fields and funnel the profits back to the United States , funds they would use to take care of veterans and their families .
`` You take away their ( ISIS 's ) wealth , that you go and knock the hell out of the oil , take back the oil , '' Trump said this weekend on NBC 's `` Meet the Press . ''
JUST WATCHED Army Chief of Staff disagrees with Trump on ISIS Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Army Chief of Staff disagrees with Trump on ISIS 02:03
`` We 're going to have so much money , '' they added .
Trump said they would use ground troops to accomplish that mission .
Read More
In June 2015 , the US Army issued a needs statement to Congress requesting an upgrade in lethality for the fleet of Strykers fielded by the Second Cavalry Regiment in Vilseck , Germany . By late 2016 , the prototype Dragoon version of the Stryker , with a 30-millimeter cannon , stood ready for fielding to the regiment . The more lethal Stryker 's rollout comes against a backdrop of Russia 's aggression against Ukraine , which precipitated greatly increased NATO activity along the alliance 's eastern flank . The Second Cavalry Regiment , as one of only two US brigade combat teams permanently stationed in Europe , took the lead on many of the ensuing exercises between the United States and its eastern European allies . Current plans entail equipping two vehicles of each four-vehicle platoon with the more powerful weapon system . The proposed upgrade re-ignites a longstanding debate about the Stryker brigade combat team 's ( SBCT ) most effective employment . Critics suggest that providing the vehicle with increased firepower without increased protection warps the role of the vehicle in combat , levies undue costs , and could lead to tactical disaster for the formation in combat . These criticisms rest primarily on a refusal to change training techniques , faulty assumptions about the operational environment , and resistance to re-evaluating the SBCT 's capability gaps . Only by upgrading the Stryker 's lethality can the SBCT maintain the flexibility necessary for the modern battlefield .
According to Army doctrine , the SBCT primarily uses its vehicles to ferry its infantry squads to an engagement and then provide direct fire support . The formation 's key limitations are its vulnerability to enemy armor in open terrain and an inability to defeat an armored force in a meeting engagement . Among tactical-level leaders , arguments erupt over the Stryker 's baseline survivability and whether increased lethality would draw formations into engagements they could n't survive . Essentially , the Stryker 's armor can only withstand 14.5-millimeter rounds and its organic machine guns are only viable against unarmored targets . With such limitations , Stryker units must avoid direct contact with similarly armed vehicles and rely on dismounted Javelins or the small number of ATGM ( anti-tank guided missile ) or MGS ( mobile gun system ) Stryker variants in the formation to reduce those threats . The addition of 30-millimeter cannon throughout the formation could flip the central planning consideration of the SBCT on its head . Rather than seeing the Stryker as a battle taxi for its infantry , SBCT leaders would look to use the vehicle more aggressively and thus expose its lack of armor to more threats .
These arguments ignore three key points . First , almost all threat vehicles likely to face the Stryker currently outgun the vehicle . The Russian-made BTR series and similar Chinese Type 90/92 wheeled vehicles can withstand the Stryker 's weapons systems , for example , while most employ a 20-millimeter or larger auto-cannon capable of defeating the Stryker . SBCTs must primarily rely on their dismounted forces for the bulk of the fighting , but the vehicle is currently at a disadvantage compared to similar vehicles across the board . Second , an increase in lethality for the SBCT would necessarily lead to an update to the formation 's doctrine and training techniques , but not a drastic one . Dismounted forces would remain the focus of the formation 's combat power . Direct contact between platforms continues to be a less desirable tactic and the training to accompany the fielding of Strykers equipped with 30-millimeter cannons would emphasize that point . Denying the SBCT formation increased lethality due to an unwillingness to trust our tactical leaders to employ the platform correctly , betrays the trust we place in those leaders to fight and win wars . Finally , the focus solely on CTC rotations as evidence ignores the wealth of tactical models the SBCT could adopt from foreign formations and the US Army 's own experience when its primary infantry fighting vehicle was the M113A3 . The Soviet Union ( and Russia ) utilized wheeled armored personnel carriers ( APCs ) in its formation for decades and continued to increase their lethality with each new model . That said , Soviet and Russian tactics emphasized BTRs in a support rather than direct contact role , something the United States could adopt . Also , because all Russian motorized rifle formations contained tanks , they utilized tracked BMPs ( the Bradley analog ) and wheeled BTRs roughly interchangeably . European allies fielded auto-cannon-equipped wheeled APCs over the previous 25–30 years as a matter of course . The French experience in Mali suggests that well-armed wheeled APCs can help dominate the battlespace under the right conditions . The models for employment abound , we need only adapt .
The operational-level criticism of the SBCT lethality upgrade rests in an institutional refusal to envision the SBCT 's use in the operational environment of today instead of that of the late 1990s , when the formation came into existence . Under the current mix of active brigade types ( armored , Stryker , and infantry ) it 's clear the SBCT bridges a gap between the rapid deployability of the IBCT and the high combat power and survivability of the ABCT . Originally the Army envisioned the SBCT as essentially an “ IBCT-plus , ” with organic wheeled transportation and additional assets for peace-keeping or low-intensity conflict . At the time , the inclusion of unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) , human intelligence collectors in recon platoons , and the possible fielding of the Land Warrior system for dismounted soldiers indicated a preference for information dominance to overcome clear deficiencies in the formation 's firepower and survivability . Essentially , the formation would perform well in campaigns weighted heavily towards wide-area security , but be of limited use for combined-arms maneuver warfare .
This criticism rings hollow given evidence to the contrary . First , the baseline assumption of information dominance has proved problematic on two levels . Likely threat forces , from Russia to Hezbollah , closed the gap on the use of UAVs , electronic warfare , and networked communications with the United States , so the assumption that SBCT formations automatically have an intelligence edge is unfounded . Also , US communication systems never cut through the fog of war as advertised . Although UAVs and digital communications enhance tactical units ' proficiency , to suggest they completely overcome the Stryker 's vulnerabilities is problematic at best . One can not wish away chance contact with enemy forces . Second , the current threat environment suggests the SBCT in future campaigns will face a host of near peer capabilities . Armored vehicles and anti-tank weapon systems do not solely belong to nation-states anymore , as recently evidenced by Israel 's 2006 war against Hezbollah and the current conflict against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Analysis of Russia 's support to Ukrainian separatists suggests that any use of the SBCT in Russia 's near abroad may face an armored threat of some kind . Again , the presence of armor requires careful employment of forces by SBCT leaders , but clearly contact with other APCs is much more likely for the SBCT than originally envisioned .
Finally , it 's critical to consider how the SBCT may fit into a campaign with the two other BCT types . Were the United States to launch a campaign with some of its nine ABCTs ( currently fully tasked against three regional contingency operations ) , one could imagine the SBCT employed in a “ follow and support ” role or mixed with ABCT forces due to its relative mobility and survivability compared to IBCTs . Without diverging into a discussion of campaign planning , one can agree that whatever the future use of the SBCT , to suggest it will remain solely on the wide-area security end of the spectrum of conflict ignores contrary evidence . SBCT units themselves expect the formation to perform against some armored threat given the right force ratios . Since 2012 , SBCTs have participated in several CTC rotations that envisioned an armored opponent to some degree . Considering the number of BCTs under the current proposed force , the proliferation of armor and anti-armor threats , and the shift in understanding since the SBCT 's conception ; turning down lethality upgrades to the formation is unwise .
At the strategic level , the Army faces many budget tradeoffs , even with the recent defense funding increase proposed by the Trump administration . One could cite the cost of fielding increased lethality and fears of another doomed armored vehicle acquisition like the Future Combat Systems as a key argument against the upgrade . Why spend good taxpayer money to upgrade a vehicle never designed to field a larger weapon system and incur the ensuing logistical problems like ammunition fielding , mechanic training , and repair costs ? These issues bear important consideration , but ignore some salient points . First , taking the long view , the 30-millimeter cannon upgrade marks merely another notch in the evolution of the SBCT formation and platform . Since their formation in 2002 , SBCTs saw combat in Iraq and Afghanistan and continued to tweak the platform and formation throughout . Some of these adaptations included : implementation of forward support companies , the double v-hull variant , consolidation of the MGS and ATGM variants into a single company , movement away from the necessity of C-130 transport , and other changes . All of these were initiated in response to identified capability gaps and vulnerabilities of the formation . The SBCT platform provides a solid automotive base for the formation and its evolution should be an example . Compared to the defunct Future Combat Systems or the ABCT , which can not seem to find a replacement for the now thirty-plus-year-old M2 Bradley , surely the SBCT 's gradual evolution is a preferred model for acquisition and fielding . Second , criticism of the 30-millimeter cannon upgrade ignores the improvement in technology for unmanned turrets since the SBCT 's formation . Many European vehicles utilize an unmanned turret and to suggest that technical set-backs permanently tar the cannon upgrade overlooks the benefits . The operational needs statement process worked and the Army secured funds to provide a critical upgrade , one it should reinforce with full organizational support .
Although costly— $ 411 million to upgrade eighty-one Strykers for the Second Cavalry Regiment , and well over $ 1 billion to upgrade the entire Stryker fleet—the 30-millimeter cannon addition provides additional benefit well below the cost of a new vehicle acquisition . Given the apprehension over the lethality upgrade , it 's prudent to point out where the Army should focus its efforts in implementation across the SBCT force . Using the DOTMLPF-P lens for the lethality upgrade 's implementation , training , material , and personnel bear the most attention . Training the force to properly use the upgraded vehicles is a top priority . SBCT doctrine already de-emphasizes direct contact for the vehicle and should continue to do so . Making this doctrinal distinction real requires additional training—from a full new equipment gunnery to force-on-force training that highlights the upgraded Stryker 's capability and limitations . Force-on-force could demonstrate the upgraded vehicle 's increased range for support by fire and enhanced lethality against light armor , but also its continued vulnerability if forced to slug it out in direct contact .
The “ material ” realm perhaps provides the most problems . The final design consists of an unmanned Kongsberg MCT-30mm Weapon System atop a modified Stryker with only remote view through cameras to provide situational awareness . Due to the increased strain on the logistics system , training for maintainers , and a lengthy retrofit across the SBCT force , a hasty rollout of the new system as a reaction to unrest in Eastern Europe would be unwise . A well-executed testing and evaluation period for the new variant will reveal gaps and necessary logistics shortfalls .
Finally , the right personnel decisions to accompany the upgrade remain important . First , the 91S military occupational specialty ( Stryker Systems Maintainer ) must receive additional attention to maintain the new equipment . As an MOS already responsible for ten different variants of the vehicle , additional personnel , training , or both are in order to support the lethality upgrade . SBCTs enjoy considerable manufacturer support , but brigades must be able to maintain an appropriate degree of self-sufficiency . Second , the Army must continue to push for a Stryker Family of Vehicles Master Gunner additional skill identifier and course . A 30-millimeter cannon variant of the Stryker requires master gunner support to help implement the training strategy . Of course the lethality upgrade includes a comprehensive DOTMLPF-P implementation plan , but training , material , and personnel need the most focus .
The 30-millimeter cannon lethality upgrade to the SBCT platform marks another step in the formation 's evolution from simply a C-130-transportable motorized unit to a more robust ground formation that bridges the capability gap between ABCTs and IBCTs . Critics suggest that the costly upgrade could lead to a dangerous misuse of the formation against armored threats . This criticism ignores the evolving operational environment , faulty assumptions in the SBCT 's initial fielding , unwillingness to trust tactical leaders ' training , and employment of the platform . Embracing the lethality upgrade and continued evolution of a robust SBCT concept points towards an Army better prepared for future conflict .
st Cavalry Division . They served in Afghanistan , Korea , and Germany with operational experience as a Stryker reconnaissance platoon leader and support platoon leader in 2d Cavalry Regiment and as an operations officer and tank company commander in the 1 st Cavalry Division . Capt . Andrew Gregory is an armor officer and West Point graduate currently serving as a company commander in the 1Cavalry Division . They served in Afghanistan , Korea , and Germany with operational experience as a Stryker reconnaissance platoon leader and support platoon leader in 2d Cavalry Regiment and as an operations officer and tank company commander in the 1Cavalry Division . The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Army , Department of Defense , or the US government .
Image credit : Program Executive Office Ground Combat Systems
Chop is the name of Lamar 's Rottweiler dog in Grand Theft Auto 5 . Lamar is good friends with Franklin ( one of the main protagonists ) and from all the news , information ( and leaks ) to date it seems that Chop will spend a large amount of time with Franklin . We also know for sure that you 'll be able to control Chop with the following command list having made it 's way onto the internet :
Xbox 360/Xbox One PS3/PS4 PC Command RB R2 Left mouse button Walk or dismiss Chop D-pad left D-pad left Whistle to make Chop return to Franklin RT R1 [ Spacebar ] Make Chop hunt for collectibles X O Q Make Chop sit B Square R Make Chop give paw A X E Make Chop beg Y Triangle Pet Chop
And the Chop artwork pinned to the top of this post is new too . We hope to have all the cheat codes for GTA 5 for you shortly !
Well , I suppose it ca n't all be good news . On one glittering , jewel-encrusted hand , Blizzard announced that Diablo III 's near-unanimously disliked auction house is headed for the great demon-ridden crypt of failed ideas , but this is n't entirely a win . It 's good to know that Blizzard is filling in that abyssal fissure in Diablo 's foundation , yes , but many players were also aching to get a long-awaited feature out of the deal : an offline option . It seems like a no-brainer now that the auction house is on the way out and Diablo III 's console version does n't require an Internet connection in the first place , but Blizzard has told RPS that it 's simply not meant to be .
I got in touch with Blizzard shortly after the auction house news broke , and here 's what a rep told me :
“ We do not have plans to implement an offline mode . While the always-online requirement made the auction house possible , the auction house was never the driving factor in our decision to make the PC version of Diablo III require an Internet connection . The game was built from the ground up to take full advantage of Battle.net , which provides a number of important benefits , including persistent server-side character saves , a seamless PC multiplayer experience , cheat prevention , and Real ID and BattleTag social features . ”
So basically , same song , 572736528th verse . And while I understand Blizzard 's desire to enable a strong multiplayer environment , I do n't think that precludes them from giving people the option to play as they please – especially when the current requirement makes it downright impossible to play in many situations and environments . The online community wo n't suddenly flee to the darkest corners of the Earth , hugging only the shadows of their reclusion , simply because they do n't have to play with other people all the time . Cases in point : a couple little games called Diablo I and II .
But oh well . We ca n't get everything we want . And who knows ? Maybe if we wait another couple years , Blizzard will see the light on the issue as well . Sigh . We can only hope .
Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , left , and President Barack Obama laugh after being interrupted by moderator Bob Schieffer during the third presidential debate at Lynn University , Monday , Oct. 22 , 2012 , in Boca Raton , Fla. ( AP Photo/David Goldman )
In the third debate last night , Mitt Romney 's response to a question about Syria tells you everything you need to know about why Mitt Romney is dangerous to the planet .
Syria plays an important role in the Middle East , particularly right now . Syria is Iran 's only ally in the Arab world . It 's their route to the sea .
Yes , it can seem picayune to cherry-pick this comment , but it goes to a number of issues .
Mitt Romney has been attempting to make Middle East foreign policy an attack line . They need to know the region geographically . Please take a look at this map and tell me how Iran gets to the sea again ?
Iran has more beachfront property than anyone else in the Persian Gulf . I guess it is too bad that Mitt never got a vacation house there .
If I were walking to the Mediterranean Sea , I would walk through Turkey . I do n't need to walk through Iraq to get to Syria to get to the sea .
Willful ignorance is doubly dangerous as Mitt Romney has been running for president for how many decades now ? The land masses over there stopped shifting quite sometime ago . They should have been able to look this stuff up over the last couple of weeks . What did they do in debate prep ? Is this how they would prepare to lead our country ? This is beyond a Democrat/Republican or blue/red issue . This is about basic world concepts Mitt Romney should have gotten with their fancy prep school training .
Also , why has n't the talking head class picked this up ? Are they also that geographically illiterate ? These guys need to be the watchdogs when the candidates run their mouths .
The GOP and the media need to get some compasses .
For my part , I can see having a lot of fun with this . This can be the Big Bird statement of debate # 3 .
Hypothetical News Flash : Israel has come out in favor of President Obama . An unnamed spokesperson stated that , `` If Mitt Romney started firing missiles at Iran , given a potential new administration 's lack of geographical knowledge , we would probably get hit instead . ''
Related stories include the country of Armenia sending maps to the Romney campaign with their country circled in a big red marker with the words `` DO NOT BOMB HERE '' scrawled over Armenia .
Iranian intelligence has started to print up new maps switching the labels of Iran and the USA in the hopes that if Mitt were to start bombing , it would not affect the Persian Gulf but some remote part of Michigan . ( Sorry Michigan ... )
Most baseball fans know that the Yankees have retired more numbers than any team in baseball , and while some of that simply has to do with the ol ' # brand , it also speaks to the remarkable talent that has passed through the pinstripes over the years .
So because the Yankees have retired so many numbers , awesome players have had to settle for other numbers . The fans can still remember plenty of them , but how many ? With the help of Baseball-Reference , I found out who wore each number from 1 through 59 more than anyone in franchise history and made a Sporcle quiz . ( Going beyond that would have been a bit difficult , save for well-known high number exceptions like Dellin Betances . )
When there were players or managers of the same number who were close in tenure , I gave the edge to the player with the most games , unless there was a pitcher who had more years but fewer games just because of usage . That meant leaving off a few seemingly intuitively names , but so it goes . Either way , good luck and let us know how you fared in the comments !
Home / Process / New microalgae clean radioactive waste cheaply
Process
New microalgae clean radioactive waste cheaply
April 21 , 2014
AlgaeIndustryMagazine.com
nvironment News Service reports that Coccomyxa actinabiotis , a single-celled green alga that can tolerate extreme conditions , may soon be widely used to clean up radioactive effluents and wastewater from nuclear facilities in an inexpensive and environmentally-safe manner .
The microalga is extremely resistant to radioactivity and can handle a radiation dose of 20,000 grays ( Gy ) , about 2,000 times the lethal human dose , while it strongly accumulates radionuclides .
Scientists in France discovered the alga – which uses photosynthesis and metabolic processes to take up contaminants — in a cooling pool for spent fuel at a French nuclear facility . After analyzing the properties of this unique species , researchers now foresee new cost effective strategies for the bioremediation of radioactive contamination .
Inventors Corinne Rivasseau , Emmanuel Farhi , Alain Coute , and Ariane Atteia have applied for a U.S. patent for Coccomyxa actinabiotis as a radioactive cleaning agent . The potential of the alga is being explored by the research team , which includes scientists from Grenoble University , Montpellier University and Institut Laue-Langevin .
9.7k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
* The following is an opinion column by R Muse *
It seems that every day there is a new report or story about how the Republican establishment is apoplectic over their presumptive presidential nominee and their penchant to offend any and every one based on flagrant bigotry . And yet , they still garner major support from the rank and file who are seemingly willing to overlook what decent human beings regard as glaring bigoted remarks whether they uttered them the day they announced their candidacy last year or this past week . Even Republican leaders who claim Trump 's remarks about a district court judge are racist still accept their candidacy and support them as the party 's standard bearer because , they say , they will rubber stamp their neo-conservative agenda . However true that may be , and it is certainly evident , there is more to the story than they are willing to admit and for good reason .
This week it was interesting to hear MSNBC 's Joe Scarborough , a one-time Trump advocate , lash out at their erstwhile hero over their continued racist remarks , and justification for those remarks , about a sitting and highly-respected federal district court judge . Scarborough said :
“ Donald , guess what , I 'm not going to support you until you get your act together . You 're acting like bush-league loser , you 're acting like a racist , you 're acting like a bigot … Until you … prove to me you 're not a bigot… you do n't have my endorsement . ”
Despite Scarborough 's , and several other Republicans ' faux outrage at Trump 's racist comments , like Senator Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan , they still “ want ” to support him . It is evidenced by Scarborough using a ‘ qualifier ' in their remarks that Donald Trump is not going to get their endorsement “ until ” they get their act together and not “ until ” they prove he 's not a bigot .
Remember , everything Trump is , and has been , saying throughout the primary races have been uttered by various Republicans over the past six years . They were just not repeated daily on national media and definitely not as part of stump speeches for any public office ; particularly the presidency . Doubtless if and when Trump reins in the obviously bigoted remarks the entire Party will rally behind their candidacy and welcome them with open arms because the base loves the way Donald Trump “ speaks common sense . ”
Something Republicans know well , and overconfident Democrats had better learn immediately , is that although Trump may offend many Americans , they speak the language the rank and file voters want to hear . It may in fact be true that Republicans will lose a small percentage of their party 's base because Trump is so racially offensive , but when November rolls around it will not be a significant number .
In fact , it may be none at all . Just look at the millions and millions of Republicans who came out to vote for Trump this past Tuesday even though they had long-ago clinched the nomination and despite that they were in the midst of being assailed for what decent people know are racial attacks on a California judge .
What the Republican elite understand and why they do n't unleash a hellacious attempt to keep Donald Trump off the ballot and kick them out of the Party is that their voters legitimately want Trump at the top of the ticket as the standard bearer . More importantly , the current outrage over their racially-driven attack on a jurist is not an issue with a majority of the base and they certainly do not believe Trump 's comments “ are out of bounds in the first place . ”
According to a recent YouGov survey , 81 percent of Democratic voters and 44 percent of independents believe Trump 's comments about Judge Curiel 's Hispanic heritage makes them biased toward Trump are racially motivated ; something that is just common sense , right ? However , only 22 percent of the Republican rank and file agree with Democrats and Independents and believe those comments are racist but not enough to withhold their votes .
What that means is that in addition to 56 percent of independent voters , a clear and overwhelming majority of Republican voters , 78 percent , believe that not only are Trump 's remarks not racist , they are just founded on common sense . It also means that nearly 8 out of ten Republican voters are of the same belief as the Donald and “ are tired of the political correctness when things are said that is totally fine . ”
The survey is certainly accurate because over the past week no fewer than 8 out of 10 local Trump supporters this author surveyed said that Trump questioning the integrity of a judge of Hispanic descent is just good old common sense and “ totally fine ” by them . All but one of the 8 Trump supporters said that Trump 's doubts about an Hispanic Judge 's ability to adjudicate their case fairly is no different than an African American questioning whether they can get a fair hearing or trial with a white conservative judge from the former Confederacy ( Deep South ) , or with an all-white jury . “ It 's just common sense ” as the Donald is wont to say and nothing remotely related to being a bigot or being racially insensitive .
The same people gave the same response to Trump positing their doubts that a Muslim judge would be fair and unbiased in the lawsuit against their defunct university after their vociferous calls to ban Muslims from entering America . In fact , all the outrage from the Democrats and some Republicans over Trump 's racist comments have only served to bolster support for Trump among their advocates and affirmed their belief in the fallacy that “ political correctness ” and “ cowardice ” to address “ common sense ” is driving the opposition to Trump as the Republican presumptive nominee .
Trump 's support among the rank and file is why the Republican establishment is terrified of seriously addressing Trump 's nasty remarks on most issues and why they are unwilling to publicly hail them as their uncontested conquering hero “ until ” they get their act together . It is true Trump is alienating several groups in the electorate and it is troubling for the party establishment , but the last thing the “ establishment ” is willing to do is alienate the base that is crucial to Republicans maintaining their control in state and local elections as well as in Congress .
To any civilized human being Donald Trump is a bigot of the first order . But to the base they are just telling it like it really is and anyone who ca n't see it from their perspective is “ a loser. ” Republicans should not expect to see Donald Trump “ get their act together ” or “ prove he 's not a bigot ” to anyone ; and why should he ? It is not what the majority of Republican voters want them to do .
However racist their remarks may be , and they damn sure are racist , as long as the GOP base wants to hear them spout “ common sense ” and will continue voting for them they are not going to stop . If the party establishment did n't know that were the case they would take any step to purge Trump from the party ; but they are not because they speak for the base and hopefully Democrats take that knowledge to heart .
h/t Digby
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
From BrilliantMaps , this is the Did Not Vote Election Map , showing the magnitude if all voting-eligible adults that did not actively vote in the 2016 Presidential election . A Presidential candidate needs 270 Electoral College votes to win . The `` Did Not Vote '' candidate would have have gathered 41 % of the total votes from the voting eligible population , and 471 votes from the Electoral College ! A Landslide !
The map above shows what the 2016 US Presidential Election results would have been if votes not cast for Hillary , Trump or one of the third party candidates had gone to fictional candidate “ Did Not Vote . ”
As a percentage of eligible voters , Clinton received 28.43 % ( 65,845,063 ) of all votes compared to Trump 's 27.20 % ( 62,980,160 ) and Did Not Vote 's 44.37 % ( 102,731,399 ) .
Total voter turnout was estimated to be 55.3 % of the voting age population and 59.0 % of the voting eligible population .
Map created using 270 To Win , based on reddit user Taillesskangaru 's posts here and updated here .
Disclaimer : The map above was accurate as of January 17th , 2017 . Totals below were true at the time of writing but may no longer currently be accurate as additional votes and recounts are conducted .
( Health.com ) -- Advertisements for sports drinks have long featured world-class athletes such as Michael Jordan , Mia Hamm , and LeBron James . The message is clear : If you want to `` be like Mike , '' pick up a Gatorade .
This marketing strategy seems to have worked . According to a new study in Pediatrics , teenagers who are more active in sports and other physical activities are more likely than their less-active peers to quench their thirst with sports drinks , while teens who spend a lot of time watching TV or playing video games tend to drink more soda .
Consuming sports drinks and other non-carbonated sugary beverages ( such as fruit punch ) was also linked to eating more fruits and vegetables , especially among girls , the study found . By contrast , fruit and vegetable intake tended to fall as soda consumption rose .
The results are n't surprising , but the researchers say they suggest that candy-colored sports drinks have developed a dubious reputation among young people as a healthy alternative to soda .
Health.com : 14 health products you do n't need
`` It seems to me that people who want to pursue a healthy lifestyle are somehow being misled to believe that these drinks are somehow good for them , '' says the lead author of the study , Nalini Ranjit , Ph.D. , an assistant professor at the University of Texas School of Public Health at Houston .
Ranjit and their colleagues analyzed data from a survey of more than 15,000 middle- and high-school students in Texas . A majority of the teens reported consuming sweet drinks : More than 60 percent of boys and 50 percent of girls drank at least one soda , sports drink , or other sugary beverage per day . ( The questionnaires used in the study lumped sports drinks together with fruit punch , iced teas , and other non-soda beverages . )
Health.com : Sports drinks may be bad for your teeth
Even one soda can provide a daily dose of sugar bigger than experts recommend . According to 2009 guidelines from the American Heart Association , adult men and women should consume no more than 37 grams and 25 grams of added sugar per day , respectively , while children should limit their intake to 12 grams . One 12-ounce can of regular Coca-Cola has 140 calories and 39 grams of sugar .
Although sports drinks contain carbohydrates and electrolytes such as sodium and potassium that aid hydration , they also pack a lot of sugar . A 20-ounce bottle of Gatorade -- the smallest size found in most convenience stores -- contains 125 calories and 35 grams of sugar .
Sports drinks `` do n't have as much sugar as soda , so they 're not as bad , '' says Kelly Brownell , Ph.D. , the director of Yale University 's Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity . `` But the last thing American children need is more sugar . ''
Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat
Research suggests a strong link between excess sugar intake , weight gain , and obesity , and beverages are the largest source of added sugar in the American diet , says Brownell , who is also a professor of psychology , epidemiology , and public health .
Sports drinks do n't necessarily lead to weight gain , however , and they may be appropriate for some student-athletes and other active young people .
For kids participating in football practice , a soccer game , or other intense activities on a hot , humid day , the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) approves small amounts of non-carbonated sports drinks -- about five ounces for every 15 to 20 minutes of exercise . In milder weather , kids do n't need sports drinks unless they 're active for more than three hours at a stretch , according to the AAP , which publishes Pediatrics .
Health.com : How to exercise safely in the heat
According to the American Dietetic Association , it 's OK for older teens and adults to consume sports drinks after moderate to high intensity activity that lasts more than an hour .
Dehydration is a common hazard for young athletes , and studies suggest that the flavor of sports drinks may encourage kids to stay hydrated .
In a series of studies conducted at McMaster University in Canada , researchers found that kids who biked for 90 to 180 minutes drank almost 50 percent more water when it was grape-flavored . If they were offered a sports drink , they drank 90 percent more than if they were offered only water .
Still , Brownell says , many teens who are consuming these drinks are n't exercising hard enough to need them for hydration .
`` People who are engaging in any kind of athletic activity have been led to believe they need these drinks , '' they say .
Health.com : Drink this for a better run
States including Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , Illinois , and California have banned soda from school vending machines and cafeterias in recent years , and public officials are now turning their attention to sports drinks and other sugary beverages . The California legislature , for one , is considering a ban on all sugary sports drinks in schools .
`` Legislative efforts have heavily focused on sodas , '' says Ranjit . `` There are other beverages out there that are also not good for kids that we should be looking at , like energy drinks and frappaccinos . This overemphasis on soda may be letting some other drinks off the hook . ''
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Poll of 21 nations clearly discredits Romney claims that Obama has weakened America 's standing in the world
In a newly released survey of nearly 28,000 people in 21 countries—published by the BBC—President Obama is heavily favored in the U.S. Presidential Election by a 50 % to 9 % margin ! French citizens favored the President by the widest margin with 72 % indicating a preference for Obama , while the only nation where Republican challenger Mitt Romney scored a narrow victory among those polled , was…wait for it….Pakistan .
Could it be that Obama 's popularity there suffers from our drone strikes targeting the Taliban held tribal regions or as residual sentiment over Obama 's successful raid to take out Osama Bin Laden in Abbottabad last year ? Does everyone remember all the heat the President took in 2008 , when they alone vowed to bring Bin Laden to justice if found in Pakistan , ‘ with or without their support ? '
As the heated 2012 Presidential Campaign enters the final two-week home stretch , it is noteworthy that after last night 's third and final presidential debate on foreign policy , Obama 's reputation as the leader of the free world is held in such high and widespread esteem . Especially given the weak performance of Mitt Romney , Monday in Boca Raton , Florida .
Mitt vacillated mightily from their previous standard stump speeches and avowed policies of a much more aggressive , jingoistic approach to foreign policy and national defense issues , as influenced by 17 of their 24 foreign policy advisors who are Neo-cons associated with the Bush/Cheney misadventure in Iraq .
Of course foreign polls have little if any impact on American electoral politics ; especially since the far-right and their propaganda ministry ( Fox News ) routinely approaches foreign opinion—and Europeans in particular—with open disdain , roundly castigating the President–since their election–as leading America down the path to ‘ Europen-style Socialism . ' What is striking about the poll , however , is that it clearly discredits what Romney has been claiming for months—most recently in the final debate—accusing the President of weakening America 's standing in the world !
READER BONUS : INTERACTIVE ELECTORAL COLLEGE MAP
Meanwhile , as final campaign polls swing wildly back and forth , and more and more public attention is focused on the various Electoral College and popular vote scenarios ; you too can become involved in the electoral prognostication game . Here is a link to 270towin.com , which offers a very interesting and fun Interactive Electoral Map , where you can make and share your very own election predictions…simply by clicking on each state , turning it Blue or Red , assigning it to either President Obama or Mitt Romney . Then watch the electoral vote totals change automatically toward that magic 270 Electoral Vote thresholds . Enjoy and…more importantly…VOTE !
Here is direct access to an archive of all of my articles written for Addicting Info
What does a geophysicist do ? Almost everything that involves looking beneath the soil . Geophysicists study everything from buried tombs to the boundary between the Earth 's inner and outer core . They perform a sort of fancy X-ray magic which can include seismic , electromagnetic rays , magnetism , gravity – things that let us peek beneath the Earth 's skin without actually going there .
A friend of mine is a senior geophysicist at an environmental reclamation company . They use their geophysics skills to supervise the remediation of spills and leaks , cleaning up other people 's earthly mistakes . A university colleague – someone whom I 'd hired to work at my company – went on to use high-frequency radar to monitor the walls of potash mines , a kilometre below the surface . Another has been listening in our planet 's inner core 's low-frequency ringing . Still another looked for minerals in Costa Rica until their misadventures sent them packing . Quite a wide range , but none of my buddies has used geophysics to find coins and buttons on sandy beaches . Or tombs in central Europe .
One tomb that had been lost to time , history , and the weathering of rocks and soil belonged to Suleiman the Magnificent ( or Terrible , depending on which side of their border you were on ) . In the 16th century , Suleiman expanded the Ottoman Empire , strengthening control of the Levant , while capturing north Africa through Algeria , and Asia east to Persia . In 1564 , they sent their navy to protect the sultanate of Sumatra , in Indonesia from Dutch interests . Suleiman conquered a huge chunk of central Europe , directing the troops himself . Twice they sieged Vienna and twice they conquered Budapest . They ruled an empire with 30 million citizens for 46 years – the longest reign of any Ottoman sultan . Under their rule , the empire reached its pinnacle in arts , science , and architecture – Suleiman rebuilt Jerusalem 's Old Wall and renovated the Kaaba in Mecca .
They were a complicated man . It 's alleged that they killed two of their sons because they did n't think they 'd be much better as heir to their throne . But they wrote endearing poetry under the pen name Lover . They ruthlessly crushed internal uprisings and rebellions , but usually treated theirs defeated foreign foes with mercy – when they captured Rhodes , the defeated Knights Hospitallers were given a civil send-off and provisions so they could sail to Malta ( where they continued to fight them as the Knights of Malta ) . Under their rule , subjects were free to practice their choice of faith , but preferential jobs were given to converts to Islam . Their personal physician was a Jew exiled from Spain . Suleiman 's childhood friend , a Christian slave from northern Greece , converted and eventually became commander of all the empire 's armies . Suleiman 's wife was the daughter of a Ukrainian orthodox priest . After converting , they ruled alongside Suleiman . They were infatuated with them Suleiman , a respectable poet , wrote of their wife Roxanna , “ [ You are ] my wealth , my love , my moonlight . My most sincere friend , my confidant , my very existence , my one and only love. ” It sounds even more convincing in Turkish . But do n't take my word on any of this – it 's all in a soap opera , Magnificent Century , currently watched by 200 million people every week in 52 countries .
Geophysics played a role in the discovery of something that looks like the final resting place of Suleiman the Magnificent 's internal organs ( the rest of their body was carried back to Istanbul ) . They died , at age 71 , in their tent in southern Hungary while laying siege to a castle known as Szigetvár . The great sultan died but their men were n't told , lest they quit fighting . The fortress , held by 2,300 Croatians and Hungarians , was no match against 150,000 Turkish soldiers . On the last day of battle , General Nikola Zrinski , a Croatian nobleman , died leading a suicide cavalry charge with their remaining 600 troops . About a dozen survived . They were spared and sent home by the Turks who said they greatly admired their adversaries ' spunk .
According to legend , upon Suleiman 's death , the king/general/poet 's heart and liver were placed in a tomb on a hill above the castle . A Turkish town grew around the death shrine of Suleiman the Magnificent . Turbék had a dervish monastery , shops , and an inn for travelers who came to pay respects at the tomb over the next 150 years . But then the Ottoman Empire collapsed and the Turkish village on Hungarian soil was destroyed . Within a few generations , no sign of the former shrine or town remained . Instead , in 1919 a plaque was stuck on Saint Mary 's church , a kilometre away . The marker is still there , declaring Suleiman 's tomb is under the church , but there is no evidence that the church was actually built atop the sultan 's shrine .
Archaeologists , armed with geophysicists as tools , think they have found the neglected site . It 's in a vineyard on a knoll above the church . It is hidden under soil now , 450 years after Suleiman 's death . The newly discovered location seems to include a mausoleum , several small buildings , and possibly a dervish monastery . All of that may seem hard to miss , but Suleiman died in 1566 and everything was abandoned and wrecked when the Ottomans left the area in the 1680s . Remote sensing ( satellite images ) and geophysics have helped place the forgotten tomb .
Lead geographer Norbert Pap from the University of Pecs began looking for the tomb by searching in the vineyard rather than at the church grounds after studying ancient maps and letters that indicated the approximate location of the long vanished village of Turbék . Aerial photographs helped , but the sleuthing is still remarkable . Would you have spotted the right place to dig from this photograph if I had n't placed the huge red circle on it ?
Next came an archaeological trench which uncovered . . . something . It looks very promising . Shards of pottery with Arabic writing , some tiles , and the foundation of a building were found among the excavated grape vine roots . But looking at the soil , nothing resembles a lost town . It was time to call in the geophysicists .
Three types of geophysics were used to try to delineate the bounds of the buried ruins – magnetic , electrical , and radar . In October 2014 , ground conductivity ( EM , or electromagnetic ) and vertical magnetic mapping techniques were attempted , but the area had too much wire and reinforcing mesh ( unrelated to the shrine ) nearby to get consistent readings . Ferric material is obviously trouble for any methods using electrical conduction or magnetism . The EM system should have found the boundaries of disturbed subsoil by measurements of electric flow , but the interference from ground contamination would n't allow clear results .
The geophysicists switched to ground-probing radar ( GPR ) . GPR blasts the soil with extremely high frequency signals which echo back to receivers . It 's similar to seismic exploration but GPR resolution is much finer , though it works only on shallow targets .
The GPR tests resulted in locating a large building with numerous small rooms , long buried below the vineyard . Archaeologists interpreted this as the dervish monastery . But the GPR 's prize discovery , at a depth of 100 to 125 cm ( 3 or 4 feet ) below ground level , was a square building precisely aligned towards Mecca . They think it 's Suleiman 's shrine .
You may find this paper , written by Norbert Pap ( et.al . ) of the University of Pecs , an interesting read : Finding the Tomb of Suleiman the Magnificent in Szigetvár , Hungary : historical , geophysical , and archeological investigations .
Advertisements
Snow White Event 2017
7th December 2017 - 2nd January 2018
Snow White Event 2017 is the ninth major event of Disney Magic Kingdoms . It started on 7th December 2017 and ended on 2nd January 2018 .
The event starts with the short quest One Chill Party ! . Complete quests to progress in the event . Purchasing Dopey unlocks their questline , Mmmmwah ! . Purchasing Happy unlocks their questline , Yodel-Odel-Ay-Hee-Hee ! .
This event is similar to previous events , where NPCs have to be tapped , in this case Hidden Crows , in order to complete quests and earn event currency .
Contents show ]
Currency
This event introduced a new limited time currency , Grimhilde Coins ( ) .
Any Grimhilde Coins a player had remaining was converted to Gems ( 40 max . ) at the end of the event .
Players can earn more than 200 Gems by Leveling Up Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Characters and completing quests during the event .
New Content
All of the new content released with the event . Some of the items listed may not be available again once the event is over .
Returning Content
Mini Events
Walkthrough
Gallery
Born and raised on the mean streets of New York City 's Upper West Side , Katie Halper is a comedian , writer and filmmaker . They are the host of the Katie Halper Show on WBA1 , writes for places like The Nation , Feministing , Jezebel and appears on places like MSNBC , RT , Sirius radio ( which hung up on their once ) . Katie 's had their photo taken with Rudy Giuliani and was called `` cute and somewhat brainy '' by the National Review .
image via amnesty international
Dear non-sex workers : the debate about decriminalization should be about the lives of sex workers not your feelings about sex work .
At their yearly meeting on Tuesday , Amnesty International cast a historic vote recommending the decriminalization of sex work . The controversy around this decision had started weeks earlier when a draft of the NGO 's position had been leaked online . Feminists like Lena Dunham , Kate Winslet , and Anne Hathaway signed a letter condemning the organization for advocating decriminalization .
Let 's look at what Amnesty International 's position actually is . Their Resolution on State Obligations to Respect , Protect , and Fulfill the Human Rights of Sex Workers states
The International Council REQUESTS the International Board to adopt a policy that seeks attainment of the highest possible protection of the human rights of sex workers , through measures that include the decriminalisation of sex work , taking into account : The starting point of preventing and redressing human rights violations against sex workers , and in particular the need for states to not only review and repeal laws that make sex workers vulnerable to human rights violations , but also refrain from enacting such laws .
The obligation of states to protect every individual in their jurisdiction from discriminatory policies , laws and practices , given that the status and experience of being discriminated against are often key factors in what leads people to engage in sex work , as well as in increasing vulnerability to human rights violations while engaged in sex work and in limiting options for voluntarily ceasing involvement in sex work .
States have an obligation to ensure that sex workers are protected from exploitation and can use criminal law to address acts of exploitation .
The harm reduction principle .
These last two points are extremely important . Amnesty 's position is informed by the fact that decriminalizing makes it easier for sex workers to seek out protection . It 's fairly obvious that if you 're defined as illegal , you wo n't want to go to the authorities to report that someone is abusing you .
Despite what critics say , Amnesty is not advocating decriminalizing trafficking . In fact , they explicitly state their opposition to trafficking and implore states to pursue it as a crime :
States have the obligation to prevent and combat trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation and to protect the human rights of victims of trafficking .
Any act related to the sexual exploitation of a child must be criminalized . Recognizing that a child involved in a commercial sex act is a victim of sexual exploitation , entitled to support , reparations , and remedies , in line with international human rights law , and that states must take all appropriate measures to prevent sexual exploitation and abuse of children .
But perhaps most important is the fact that Amnesty International 's position is based not on ideology or feelings or opinions or abstract principles , but evidence . Their resolution is based on “ The evidence from Amnesty International 's and external research on the lived experiences of sex workers , and on the human rights impact of various criminal law and regulatory approaches to sex work . ”
Sadly , this evidence , or the fact that it is driving Amnesty 's decision is irrelevant for many people who are opposing the organization 's recommendation . Because many of those who are most outraged and offended by Amnesty 's position are focusing on their own feelings and opinions on sex work , they will not be swayed by things like data and evidence . They cling to soundbites , they extol justice and condemn exploitation in the theoretical realm .
The thing is that the people and bodies who advocate for decriminalization–sex workers , sex workers organizations like The Global Network of Sex Work Projects , Sex Workers Outreach Project , and Sex Workers Project , NGOs like the World Health Organization , UNAIDS , and medical professionals like those at The Lancet–also care about justice and exploitation . But it 's not theoretical for them . It 's based on the experience of sex workers and a developing body of evidence .
I spoke to Melissa Gira Grant , the journalist and author of Playing the Whore : The Work of Sex Work , on my WBAI radio show this week . One of the things we discussed was the distracting debate over whether sex workers are empowered or victimized . Regardless of how you see sex work , they stressed , sex workers themselves are safer when their work is decriminalized . This is especially true if you think that sex workers are often exploited . Gira Grant said , “ The decriminalization of sex work… protect [ s ] sex workers from the harms they might experience because what they do is considered a crime or they themselves are considered outlaws or criminals…. ” When sex work is criminalized , “ that creates dangerous situations for sex workers and environments where , when sex workers ' rights are violated , they have very little recourse in the legal system. ” For Gira Grant , “ the issue of empowerment comes in at : are you empowered to take advantage of your rights ? Are you empowered to get justice when you experience violence ? Are you empowered to negotiate the conditions of your own work ? And criminalization makes all these things really , really hard . ”
Many of the arguments against legalization are hypocritical . Acknowledging that workers are safer under certain circumstances does n't mean you are endorsing a particular industry , or the capitalist system . The garment industry is rife with exploitation and is part of a system that enforces class inequities . Nobody suggests banning it . You could argue that there is nothing inherently exploitative about sewing . Then how about boxing ? Is n't that inherently abusive ? Should boxing be banned ? Or should safety mechanisms be put in place ? Does anyone believe boxing would be safer or boxers would be safer if it were criminalized and pushed into the criminal underworld ?
As Gira Grant said ,
The thing that 's so frustrating about the empowerment conversation is it 's a double standard . We do n't apply this to anybody else in any other job . We do n't say to the fight for 15 folks , “ do you really love McDonald 's ? I dunno ! I 'm not so sure. ” Why is this somehow the exception where labor organizing is somehow impossible ? Where people think it condones an industry ? Would we say [ that about ] workers in other industries that are dangerous or that we do n't accept ?
Do we only believe in organizing for the rights of workers whose jobs we would like to do ?
Instead of having a discussion grounded in evidence , the debate becomes an ideological pissing contest . “ Are we trying to protect people from the very dire situations that all workers face when their rights are not respected ? ” Asked Gira Grant . “ Or are we trying to express some kind of opinion ? ” The debate focuses on our opinions on sex work and not making the lives of sex workers better :
some folks on the opposition [ are ] primarily opposed to… sex work itself existing ever… And so…it becomes this… conversation about our feelings on sex work rather than having a real grounded conversation about what 's going on in people 's lives . What do they need . Let 's have pro and con conversations about policy . Let 's do that . But let 's not do that in this abstract way that has nothing to do with the lives of sex workers .
Keeping sex work illegal is especially perilous when we realize that much of the violence perpetuated against sex workers is police violence .
When we 're talking about violence that sex workers face , we 're not just talking about violence that they face from customers but we 're talking about state violence and police violence . And whether you 're talking about sex workers in Jamaica Queens or whether you 're talking about sex workers in Bangalore , India , the rates of violence that they 're facing from police targeting them are much higher than the rates they 're facing from customers .
The debate over the nature of sex work is a luxury : “ You know , to be honest , when police arrest you they do n't ask you are you empowered or are you a victim . They 're just going to take you away . ”
Listen to the entire interview with Melissa below ( it starts at 28:19 ) subscribe to the show on Itunes , or follow it on Soundcloud .
Police : Dickinson High students were arguing before 1 was shot in leg a block from school https : //t.co/DHEtGx6hUM https : //t.co/bTM8NyvtC8 — Eyewitness News ( @ ABC7NY ) December 8 , 2015
A teenager was shot after a fight at school spills into the streets of Jersey City.That student spoke exclusively to Eyewitness News about how their life is changed forever.That shooting at around 2 p.m. forced a lockdown at two schools as police searched for the gunman.18-year-old Steven Sims is a senior at William Dickinson High School . There was a fight at the school earlier Tuesday , and students described it more as a brawl between two groups of students.One of those students left school and about an hour later , Sims says they were in a supermarket across the street from the school.He says that the fight that had broken out earlier continued on the street and that 's when shots rang out . `` At first I felt it , but I did n't realize I was hit until someone told me that there was blood on my pants , '' Sims said.Sims says there is now a bullet lodged in their leg forever and their bone is also broken.It is apparently too close to their bones for doctors to remove it.Sims says they were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time when the fight spilled into the street on Palisade Avenue.Several shots were fired.Here 's a view of the scene from NewsCopter 7 : '' I do n't know , somebody has got to stop the guns from being sold I guess , however everyone is getting the guns around here , they have to stop , '' Sims said . `` The fact that a disagreement between two students at a high school can escalate to gun violence speaks to how outrageous our culture is today , '' said Mayor Steven Fulop in a statement . `` Clearly , issues of open access to guns that plague every city in the country need to be addressed in the immediate future by Congress . Congress needs to act now to stop the flow of guns across state borders . `` `` I do n't really want them to go to that school , I 'm very nervous to make them go to school every day . It was the worst phone call of my life , and I do n't know what else to say because I 'm going to break down from it . It was a very bad day , '' said Kim Nisbet , Steven 's mother.Steven is expected to make a full recovery.Police did arrest a 16-year-old boy who they believe to be the gunman . Their name is not being released because they are a juvenile .
Idil Burale is a new contributor to Spacing and recently ran in ward 1 for city councillor
On October 27th , Torontonians – much to the disappointment of the late night comics – narrowly elected John Tory as the city 's next mayor . Now that the city has rid itself of its embarrassing , scandal-plagued mayor , some observers were quick to hail the post-Ford era in Toronto — an era that promised to be boring in personality , but effective in city building .
But do n't for a second think that Ford Nation will just slither away into oblivion . Ford Nation is bigger than the man . It is a political movement rooted in neglect . Therefore , in order to defeat Ford Nation at the polls , we need to first talk about Ford Nation the idea , what it means and why it will remain relevant even with John Tory as mayor .
I 've spent the last seven months canvassing in the heart of Ford Nation ( Ward 1 ) and this is what I learned after knocking on thousands of doors :
As the demographic data shows , people who voted for Doug Ford are overwhelmingly marginalized . They tend to live in parts of this city where the income divide is most evident . As a result of living in designated ‘ priority neighbourhoods , ' they experience disparity in terms of access to quality city services .
But they may be the most alienated from the progressive ideals of ` togetherness , ' opting instead for the conservative notion of “ self-reliance . ”
Many of the people I met are working poor . They would rather vote for the candidate promising to lower their taxes ( i.e . allowing them to keep more of their money ) rather than the challenger who would increase taxes in order to strengthen the social safety net that would catch them should they lose their job .
They are conservative immigrant parents who voted for Ford solely as a defense against the “ gay agenda. ” Many are union members , like the guy who once argued to one my canvassers ( after finding out I was endorsed by the Toronto/York Labour Council ) that the last thing City Hall needed was “ another f * cking activist ” .
Ford Nation often includes tenants living in aging buildings who blame the crumbling infrastructure and the poor living conditions on their neighbours rather than the neglect of the absentee property owners to do upkeeps .
In short , the people who voted for Ford are as diverse as the city itself . Some are middle class voters feeling the squeeze . Most are low-income , blue-collar taxpayers who ca n't seem to catch a break and are resentful at the idea of paying into a tax system that does n't seem to benefit them personally .
Is Ford Nation relevant only in the inner suburbs ?
One reason : the lack of development since amalgamation . The dismal investment in infrastructure renewal confirms the feelings of second-class citizenry that most suburbanites hold . As they look around their city , and GTHA region , they see the construction boom that seems to be bringing prosperity and jobs to either the downtown or the 905 , while they deal with two-tiered access to municipal services .
Love them or hate him , Rob Ford 's political brilliance was their ability to tap and give relevance to a deeply embedded sense of exclusion in the inner suburbs . They urged the residents of Etobicoke and Scarborough to direct their grievances to City Hall .
Despite the fact that they were Ward 2 's councillor for most of post-amalgamation period , Ford distinguished themselves from the left-wing councillors who , they said , never met a tax hike they did n't like . To suburbanites , they were an anti-establishment crusader against wasteful spending .
The irony is that the incumbents who relied on Ford 's rhetoric to rally the troops , are responsible for not advocating on behalf of their constituents to fight for their fair share of development investment . So for Ford Nation , the promise of lower taxes felt legitimate to a voter base that felt shortchanged . Low-income people who backed the Fords felt they were n't voting against their own interests . Rather , they voted to keep more of their hard earned money in the short run even if that agenda will hurt their communities in the long term .
Ultimately , Rob Ford 's crass rhetoric and Ford Nation 's rise to political significance revealed a deep division within this city that can not be whitewashed with Tory 's “ One City ” rhetoric . The Fords gave Toronto an opportunity to better engage the disenfranchised communities spread across the amalgamated city .
I wonder if the heightened interest in municipal issues sparked by the Fords could serve as a platform for this city , a wake-up call to the reality that there are large parts of Etobicoke , North York and Scarborough that have been neglected . Maybe then , something can be done to confront the divisions .
Analysis of 2014 voting patterns by Zack Taylor
Zack Taylor , an assistant professor in the City Studies program at University of Toronto Scarborough , has spent the three weeks since the election mapping Toronto 's electoral geography . Check out the results . Residents can see how their own neighbourhoods voted by looking at the poll-by-poll results for the final map . Here is their analysis of the outcome :
ABOVE MAP : Overall voting — Tory received 40 % , Ford 36 % , and Chow 24 % support on election day . The geographical division is striking . Tory did best in the higher-income Yonge Street corridor , south of Kingston road in Scarborough , downtown condoland , and Swansea and central Etobicoke . Chow captured the gentrifying flanks of the old City of Toronto , while Ford held the postwar suburban extremities of Etobicoke , North York , and Scarborough .
ABOVE MAP : Priority Neighbourhoods — Between 2005 and 2014 , the City provided targetted programming in 13 low-income Priority Neighbourhoods located in the middle and outer suburbs . Like the neighbourhoods that surround them , they tilted toward Doug Ford : 56 % for Ford , 27 % for Tory , and 18 % for Chow .
ABOVE MAP : Neighbourhood Improvement Areas ( new designation ) — In March 2014 , the City designated 31 low-income Neighbourhood Improvement Areas as in need of special support and programming . Most are located in suburban Etobicoke and Scarborough . Altogether , voters in these areas supported Chow more than the rest of the City ( 29 % ) , and Tory less ( 34 % ) . Support for Ford was about the same ( 37 % ) . Ultimately , it seems that location may matter more than socio-economic disadvantage . Like their surrounding neighbourhoods , core-area polls tilted to Chow , while suburban ones tilted to Ford and Tory .
ABOVE MAP : Toronto Community Housing — The Fords have made much of their support for residents of Toronto Community Housing , whose properties are located throughout the city , and many are located in Neighbourhood Improvement Areas . All in all , voting subdivisions containing TCHC properties were more likely to Chow ( 29 % ) and less likely to support Tory ( 34 % ) , and voted for Ford in similar proportion to the city as a whole ( 37 % ) .
maps and captions by Zack Taylor : Visit their web site www.bigcitypolitics.ca
photo by Ashton Pal
The problem with the Hearthstone esports circuit is that anything outside of the Blizzard-organised official events is often severely lacking in talent . Sure , the odd big name shows up and wipes the floor with the amateur competition , but there 's a real sense with most events of this ilk that a bunch of try-hards are getting a chance at the big shot .
This weekend 's DreamHack Grand Prix at Montreal was n't much different . The likes of HotMeowth and Cydonia were there , alongside a few more well known hotshots like Muzzy and TerrenceM , but for the most part it was scrappy and panicked .
For many this was the biggest stage they 'd ever played , and it 's hard to fight nerves like that .
But this only opened us up to some great entertainment all the same . There was some fantastic ( and incredibly lucky ) play on show here in Montreal , but they took a backseat to a multitude of brilliantly awful misplays…
A frozen Quest Mage
This was the weekend 's most infamous game . There were just so many ridiculous plays coming from both sides that it was actually painful to watch . So many times Seohyun and Walaoumpa both shook their heads in dismay , and not at each other 's plays but their own .
This was perhaps the most embarrassing misplay of them , the final game of the quarterfinals that was no doubt beginning to frustrate .
The play that Seohyun seemed to be going for was to unlock their Mage quest reward—this was their deck , after all—but it 's hard to really predict what was going through their mind here . Likely they miscounted their mana , throwing away a pointless Blizzard to gain so little .
Just watch both players reactions after that Blizzard is played and the realisation sets in : Seohyun is infuriated , Walaoumpa is just stunned . It says everything .
Say nothing of the fact that even if they had miscounted , Seohyun still would n't have been able to play their quest card the next turn .
Double throw
But it did n't all end poorly for Seohyun , though . This was a fun game to watch , simply for the sheer amateurishness of it all ; but as already mentioned , it really was a game of throws .
Seohyun did manage to collect their quest reward , but they were already down to 9 health while Walaoumpa was sitting pretty at 27 . It was n't going to be too easy a victory for either side .
With an extra turn in hand , and drawing a Fireball to give a bit of swing to Seohyun 's options , Walaoumpa needed to be safe—even if a stupid Frost Nova did incur some extra damage .
So while Seohyun had earlier thrown their position by stupidly playing Blizzard early , Walaoumpa did the same here , playing Bonemare . The minion play , activating Seohyun 's Entity secret and drawing a copy was the nail in the coffin for Walaoumpa , bringing out a potential board damage of 26 for Seohyun thanks to their quest reward—and that was without Fireball and class ability .
Admittedly there was n't much Walaoumpa could do to survive with so few cards , but it was an immensely stupid play all the same .
Cut the rope
Muzzy was pretty much the champion of the tournament . Not because they won or that they deserved it , but after their dominant first-place showing in the Hearthstone Americas Spring Championship they quickly became a name people wanted to watch .
And DreamHack 's Montreal Grand Prix was a great place for them to showcase their abilities against a pretty broad range of skill .
Yet while we 're drawing attention to their play here , it 's fair to admit that actually it was more unfortunate than poor play . They were one of the stronger players during the whole event , which is probably why they went home with $ 7,500 and 15 points to the league .
Anyway , there 's a point in this game here—where Muzzy is already a game down—where they realise they could win it , and stops to count their cards and whether playing Shadowreaver Anduin ( new in The Frozen Throne from last month ) was the right move .
They take just a little too long counting , though… and , well… you 've got to laugh .
Misplays on fast forward
For a tournament that was actually kind of full of misplays and miscalculations , this one is perhaps the most cringe inducing .
Coachtwisted had already been stumbling over their plays , taking their time and struggling somewhat to figure out their plays in the allotted amount of time—so Walaoumpa playing Nozdormu and cut the playable turn time to 15 seconds could well have been the best play for him .
And it worked , immediately Coachtwisted became flustered , throwing cards from their hand with careless abandon . This was n't helped much by their Shadowreaper Anduin strategy , which takes quite a bit of time to enact as card actions play out .
Coachtwisted even healed Nozdormu during their panicked play , which is equal parts hilarious and gut-wrenching . It 's like watching a car crash in slow motion…
Only the start…
But that was n't the end of the game , and Coachtwisted only went from bad to worse from then on . The stress of the tournament must 've got to him , because that 's the only explanation of their plays by the end of this match .
This clip below needs about three minutes of watching , but if you 're at all tuned to Hearthstone esports it will likely be the most crushing few minutes of play you 'll watch .
Coachtwisted is clearly stuck on trying to figure out what they should do , aiming to utilize their Shadowreaper Anduin hero power but flailing with each card .
To make matters worse he 's now affected by fatigue from this point on , so they need to do something . Their only option at that point was to go face and deal as much damage as they could ; and the hero power was the only way to do so .
But something stops him . They would n't quite have done enough , but it would 've put Walaoumpa on the backfoot . Instead Coachtwisted ends their turn and then plays Alchemist in their next , essentially signing their death warrant .
It 's painful watching , but there 's something so tantalizing about watching a pro player do all the wrong things…
UPDATE : AN Australia Zoo tiger trainer has been bitten on World Tiger Day in what has been the third incident at the zoo in a year .
A spokesperson for Australia Zoo has confirmed the trainer bitten by a tiger earlier today will be fine .
The 42-year-old was bitten by 10-year-old Sumatran tiger Juma just before noon today .
`` First aid protocol was followed , the same as Australia Zoo renders all staff , and the keeper is going to be fine . Juma the tiger is fine as well , '' the spokesperson said .
Juma is one of three Sumatran tigers born at Mogo Zoo on the South Coast of New South Wales . Juma , Ranu and Singha were born on April 1 , 2004 and arrived at Australia Zoo three weeks later .
Juma is described on the Zoo 's website as having a a `` very laid-back personality '' .
`` Juma is often used for filming and is the first of our adult tigers to be introduced to new handlers . Juma can be a very laid back individual and they are usually seen resting for the majority of the day . ''
EARLIER : A 42-year-old man has been taken to hospital after they were reportedly bitten on the leg by a 10-year-old Sumatran tiger at Australia Zoo .
A Queensland Ambulance Officer said the QAS were called to a business on Frazer Rd about 11.46am .
Tiger Juma with some balloons . Ben Beaden/Australia Zoos
The spokesperson said the man was taken to Nambour hospital after they received puncture wounds to the leg .
Australia Zoo confirmed the incident via Twitter earlier today .
`` 1 of our tigers tagged a keeper on the leg today , '' it read .
`` Keeper has a tooth puncture wound but is fine ... Juma the tiger 's good too . ''
Ironically , the attack happened on World Tiger Day , a day internationally recognised to promote the conservation of the species .
Tweet by Australia Zoo today . Contributed
An Australia Zoo tiger handler is attacked . Image : Seven News
The incident comes less than a year after another handler Dave Styles had their neck mauled by bengal tiger Charlie .
Mr Styles had only recently returned back to the tiger enclosure after having several months off work to recover .
In a much more minor incident , a handler was knocked to the ground after Mr Styles ' attack .
Lollapalooza is celebrating the 25th anniversary of its launch this weekend . The festival , which switched from a traveling roadshow to a stationary event several years ago ( after a four-year hiatus ) , has expanded to four days in Chicago to memorialize the occasion .
While Lollapalooza looks to be healthy , the festival business has gone through some growing pains . Bonnaroo 's attendance was down 28,000 people from the 2015 edition , with the Manchester , Tenn.-festival registering a 45 % drop from 2011 , the peak-attendance year in the fest 's 15 years , according to The Tennessean . Other festivals are struggling as well .
Here are a few suggestions to keep the festival market healthy :
Watch the Price Points
One reason pundits are giving for Bonnaroo 's decline is the ticket price , which was $ 324 for general admission . Given how much some individual acts charge for tickets , that does n't seem unreasonable . However , the biggest selling point festivals had for years was the sheer value of getting to see a number of huge names , plus a strong undercard , for a relatively modest sum .
Switch Up The Roster
It used to be that each festival had its own personality—and own headliner . Coachella had a different vibe than Bonnaroo , which had a different vibe from Lollapalooza , etc . Now , acts can route a whole summer tour going from one festival to the next . There 's no reason for a fan to make a festival a destination . For example , headliners at Lollapalooza this year ? Red Hot Chili Peppers , Lana Del Rey , Radiohead . Headliners at Osheaga , taking place the same weekend as Lolla in Montreal : Red Hot Chili Peppers , Lana Del Rey , Radiohead . They could practically carpool from one festival to the next . Festivals are cannibalizing from themselves and losing their own identity .
Cull The Herd
This is already happening , especially in the country arena after the field experienced too much expansion too fast . Over the last few years , a number of country-themed festivals called it quits—some after only a year or two—and four country festivals have already fallen this year , according to Billboard , including Alabama 's Dega Jam , which never got out of the gate . Not every festival can be Stagecoach .
Rethink The Double Weekends :
Coachella started it and now several festivals , such as Austin City Limits , have followed suit : Expanded to a second weekend with the exact same lineup as the first . When it works , it 's easy money for the promoters since it 's double the profits while booking half the talent , but it feels lazy and it keeps the festival from feeling special in any way if patrons know they can see the same act the next weekend .
Think Microfestival :
The same folks behind Coachella and Stagecoach are launching Desert Trip in October . Held at the same venue— Indio , Calif. 's Empire Polo Club—and over two successive weekends with the same lineup , Desert Trip has exactly six acts . But what six acts they are : The Rolling Stones , Bob Dylan , Paul McCartney , Neil Young , Roger Waters and The Who . Guess what ? This is your grandfather 's festival and it has already sold out both weekends . Sometimes , you do n't need more than 130 acts to choose from spread out over seven stages when you have the right acts . Are there other genres , besides classic rock , where bringing together the absolute top names would make sense ?
Full frame , finally : Pentax K-1 launches alongside 15-30mm , 28-105mm lenses
Pentaxians , your patience has just paid off in spades ! Ricoh Imaging , the company behind the Pentax brand name , has today officially announced its upcoming , full-frame Pentax K-1 DSLR -- and it looks to be a mighty impressive debut .
Based around a 36.4-megapixel full-frame sensor , the Pentax K-1 sports a brand-new body that 's just as rugged as we 've come to expect from the company 's high-end models . Filling the gap between the APS-C sensor-based K-3 cameras and the medium-format 645Z , the magnesium-alloy Pentax K-1 has a comprehensively weather-sealed and freezeproof design .
And that 's doubly-impressive given the presence of the most unusually-versatile LCD articulation mechanism we 've ever seen . Able to tilt significantly in any direction and even to rotate somewhat , the Pentax K-1 's 3.2-inch display is mounted on four struts that let it stand proud of the camera body . Beneath , hidden LEDs can illuminate the rear-panel controls to let you see what you 're doing after dark , and these are mirrored by additional LEDs above the lens mount and beneath access panels to help you see your way through lens , cable and card changes as well .
Performance , as you 'd expect from such a high-res full-frame camera , is more modest than that of the Pentax K-3 , but nevertheless the K-1 is capable of 4.4 frames per second at full resolution , or 6.5 fps with an APS-C crop . And sensitivity spans a very wide range indeed , starting from a base of ISO 100-equivalent and topping out at ISO 204,800-equivalent . Add in a new 33-point SAFOX 12 autofocus system and a five-stop , five-axis Shake Reduction system and the Pentax K-1 has likely got Pentaxians reaching for their wallets .
But how much will you pay ? Once it goes on sale this April , the Pentax K-1 is expected to list for US $ 1,800 or thereabouts , body-only . Want to know more ? We 've been hands-on with the K-1 , and we 've just published our in-depth Pentax K-1 preview . Check it out now , and find out if it 's time you gave your full-frame Pentax glass a new life in the digital age !
Alongside the camera itself , Ricoh has also launched two brand-new optics , both full-frame and intended for use on the Pentax K-1 body . ( Although they will of course work just fine on your subframe DSLR or film camera , if you wish . ) The HD PENTAX-D FA 15-30mm f/2.8ED SDM WR lens is an ultra-wide zoom with a bright f/2.8 maximum aperture , an 18-element , 13-group optical formula , and a new Supersonic Direct-drive Motor for autofocus . It also includes weather-sealing and Ricoh 's Pentax HD coating , and ships this April priced at US $ 1,500 or thereabouts . The HD PENTAX-D FA 28-105mm f/3.5-5.6ED DC WR lens , meanwhile , is a compact travel zoom with a 15-element , 11-group optical formula , HD coating and quick-shift autofocus . Priced at an affordable US $ 500 , this optic too will ship from April 2016 .
The McLaren driver qualified down in 14th position , two places behind rookie teammate Stoffel Vandoorne , despite finishing as third quickest in Friday 's second practice .
While Button admits they never expected to be able to match that performance , they reckon Q3 was possible .
`` I do n't think that pace was really going to be there today , one because I think others turn up their engines from Friday to Saturday , but we definitely expected to be closer to Q3 , '' said Button .
`` I think if the balance was like it was in Q1 there was a chance of being in Q3 . We were very close to it there . ''
Button said they had been feeling confident with the car until the end of Q2 when , for reasons they could not understand , the balance switched completely .
`` The car has been really good all weekend , '' they added .
`` I 've had a reasonable balance , I was mostly struggling with a bit of understeer but was quite happy with it and in my last run for no reason at all it was completely the opposite , massive oversteer .
`` I do n't know if it was the circuit or what . ''
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Two brothers who punched , kicked and stamped on a trans woman whilst “ having a laugh ” , will avoid a jail term , a court heard on Monday .
Taunton Crown Court heard that Nathan and Luke Statton , 23 and 24 , both of Bridgwater knew the victim before their transition , and were walking past their house on 27 March 2014 when Luke kicked over a sign .
Bridgwater Mercury reports that the victim then stormed out the house , before being pushed by Luke .
They tried to throw a punch in retaliation , but was punched to the ground by Nathan . Luke then kicked them and stamped on them as they lay helplessly on the ground .
In a police interview following the attack , Luke said they were “ having a laugh ” .
Sentencing , Judge Eric Salomonsen said : “ I have seen the CCTV of this unprovoked attack . I have no doubt homophobic remarks were used .
“ Luke Statton , you pushed home this assault by kicking and standing on her . ”
Luke received an eight-month suspended sentence , while Nathan received a five-month suspended sentence , which means neither will go to jail unless they re-offend .
Judge Saloomonsen said : “ If either of you put a foot out of line for the next two years you know what is going to happen . ”
The brothers were each ordered to pay £250 compensation and £100 victim surcharge , in addition to court costs .
The Trump family 's incessant luxury vacations to promote the Trump family business properties are breaking taxpayer-funded bank .
Everyone knows Donald Trump hates being at the White House .
They called it a “ dump , ” according to a report earlier this month . And they have spent most of their weekends — 75 days so far , out of their 213 days in office — at one of their many Trump-branded properties , where their appearances are intended to lure customers who will pay for the chance to have them crash their wedding .
And Trump 's insistence on taxpayer-funded travel to advertise for their properties is bankrupting the Secret Service responsible for protecting them and their family .
USA Today reports that Trump family travels have already consumed the entire year 's budget for protecting the first family , with more than 1,000 federal agents already reaching their “ federally mandated caps for salary and overtime ” that were supposed to last the entire year .
The agency 's director , Randolph Alles , says the shortfall is so serious that they “ has begun discussions with key lawmakers to raise the combined salary and overtime cap for agents , from $ 160,000 per year to $ 187,000 for at least the duration of Trump 's first term . ”
But , they add , even if such a deal were approved , 130 agents would still not be fully compensated for the time they have already served protecting Trump and their family .
“ I do n't see this changing in the near term , ” Alles said .
Each of Trump 's trips to Mar-a-Lago costs approximately $ 3 million , and the Secret Service has been forced to spend $ 60,000 on golf cart rentals to protect Trump at their gold clubs in Florida and New Jersey , according to USA Today . That 's money that goes right into Trump 's bank account .
For a man who incessantly mocked President Barack Obama for taking vacations — and especially for their far rarer golf outings — the fact that the Trumps are already costing taxpayers an unprecedented sum is , at best , ironic .
That almost every single one of these trips serves the dual purpose of promoting Trump 's businesses — where their entourage , guests , and protection are forced to pay money to Trump owned businesses for the “ privilege ” of staying there to protect the president of the United states — is downright obscene .
But given that Trump and their sons have been unapologetically open about their intention to milk the Oval Office for all its worth , encouraging foreign entities to stay at Trump 's D.C. hotel to curry favor with them and advertising the chance to meet the president by holding events at their private clubs , it is n't surprising .
It is just further evidence of the corruption of this president and their family and the complete lack of respect for the office they hold .
An anti-Chick-fil-A protestor holds a sign outside a Chick-fil-A fast food restaurant , August 1 , 2012 in Hollywood , California . Thousands of Americans turned out Wednesday to feast on fried chicken in a politically-charged show of support for a family owned fast-food chain which opposes same-sex marriage . Long lines and traffic jams were reported throughout the American heartland after 630,000 people declared on Facebook they would take part in a Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . AFP PHOTO / ROBYN BECK ( Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/GettyImages )
Students at North Carolina 's Elon University this week became the latest to push back against Chick-fil-A and its anti-gay stance . The student government voted 35-11 to ask the school 's food vendor , Aramark , to find another restaurant to take the fast food chicken chain 's place , the Times-News reports .
While broader attention to Chick-fil-A seems to have subsided , college students have continued a push on several college campuses to give Chick-fil-A the boot . Two other colleges in North Carolina have ended their relationship with the company ( even after North Carolina voters approved a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage earlier this year ) .
Yet despite the national outcry and dozens of petitions calling for the removal of Chick-fil-A restaurants from college campuses , very few schools have taken any action to kick out the chicken joints .
In July , New York City Council Speaker Christine Quinn wrote a letter to New York University President John Sexton requesting Chick-fil-A be removed from the school 's campus in Manhattan . And even though NYU students have been speaking out against Chick-fil-A for some time , student leaders so far have resisted booting New York City 's only Chick-fil-A location .
Duke University 's on-campus location is closing in 2013 , but due to campus renovations rather than student protests . Rick Johnson , associate vice president of housing and dining , told the Duke Chronicle they received some emails over the summer calling for the university to cut ties with Chick-fil-A . `` I told them it 's a moot point because their contract is up at the end of the year , '' Johnson said . `` That seemed to satisfy them . ''
Marco Rubio stood on stage at a recent Republican primary debate and reluctantly said that they would support the GOP nominee no matter what .
They were joined in that confession by candidates John Kasich and Ted Cruz .
While it 's likely that Kasich and Cruz remain men of their words , the likelihood that Marco Rubio follows suit is pretty low . Here 's why .
Marco Rubio Resents Trump For How They Influenced Rubio 's Campaign For The Negative
When the GOP primary candidates dwindled to five , Rubio saw it as their opportunity to surge ahead of Trump , leading to a combative debate that many feel they got the better of , though it did them little good in the polls .
Rubio attempted to take on Donald Trump on Trump 's terms — by going into the gutter with insults and surface-level criticisms . What was once a principled campaign became Donald Trump Lite , and why go with Lite when you can get the real thing ?
Marco has since expressed regret for “ going there ” with Trump . What once was a promising political career morphed into a campaign about “ small hands , small penises ” virtually overnight . Not only did it torpedo Rubio 's shot at the nomination , but it may have placed their entire career in jeopardy .
Marco Rubio Has Said Too Many Negative Things About Trump For An Endorsement To Make Any Sense
Rubio has done everything in their power to convince Republican primary voters to back their campaign , but more and more , it looks like their only chance at the nomination is through a backdoor brokered convention .
They certainly do n't have the voter support with less than 200 delegates this late in the cycle .
Cruz is the only somewhat-establishment Republican with a shot of unseating Trump , and he 's the only one likely to keep many of Trump 's supporters on the GOP side .
Rubio knows that their days are numbered in this race , yet they continue to throw punches . Hardly the actions of a man intent on eventually accepting Trump 's inevitability .
Their most recent comments targeted the cancellation of Trump 's Chicago rally after violent protesters associated with a pro-Bernie Sanders group forced the event to be postponed indefinitely .
Rather than seizing on the obvious breach of Trump 's and their supporters ' right to free speech , Marco Rubio blamed Trump , wedging a divide between the two that will prove impossible to bridge once the nomination is secure and this heads toward a general election .
A Trump endorsement would only make Marco Rubio appear weaker and more defeated than they already are , and it would pigeonhole them as being a typical politician that only says what they think will help them instead of what they really feels .
Donald Trump Is Not The Republican Party Rubio Signed Up For
Say what you want about Trump 's truthfulness , but they have been right about one thing in particular . Their supporters are as many Independents and disenfranchised Democrats as they are traditional Republicans .
Marco Rubio is a purer form of Republican , and resents the party 's expansion under Trump 's ideology . They do n't view Trump as the Republican frontrunner . They view them as a parasite sucking the party dry while building something altogether different .
When Trump wins , they will be the leader of a new movement , not the Republican party — at least in Marco 's mind .
While backing down on their pledge to support the Republican nominee if it is Trump would n't be good for Rubio in the short term , it could save their long-term political career , especially if Trump loses the general election or wins and does a terrible job .
For all these reasons , you should not expect a Donald Trump endorsement coming from Marco Rubio any time soon . But what do you think , readers ? Will Rubio be a man of their word and endorse Trump , or will they back out ?
[ Image via Marco Rubio/Facebook ]
One of the main reasons behind the popularity of WordPress is its repository of plugins . You have got a plugin to do almost anything , including integration of social sharing buttons , creating static html files , managing mailing lists , optimize your blog for speed and performance and many more .
Optimizing your images not only helps your WordPress site load faster , but can also boost your SEO . Every website owner should try to provide the better user experience to their visitors .
Using large image files that take more loading time then how you bring a modernized user experience . If you have heavy images on your site , maybe you do not have optimized the same for search engines . So , you will lose both the user experience and SEO .
In this article , we have collected the best WordPress plugins to optimize your images and increase your site 's speed and performance . This round-up of plugins includes tools for compression and SEO .
EWWW Image Optimizer is the image optimization plugin that will automatically decrease the size of your images without affecting image quality as you upload them to your blog . It can optimize images that you have previously uploaded .
The plugin uses several free server tools ( jpegtran , optipng , pngout , pngquant and gifsicle ) to perform these optimizations and can either replace or keep a copy of the original uploaded file . Another nice feature of this plugin is the ability to convert your images to a different file format like JPG to PNG , PNG to JPG or GIF to PNG , which can yield smaller file sizes . It can also optionally apply lossy reductions for JPG and PNG images .
WP Smush.it lets you optimize images by compressing them individually in the Media Library or in bulk through sub-menu items under “ Media. ” The plugin works by stripping meta data from JPG files , optimizing JPEG compression , converting certain GIFs to indexed PNGs and stripping the un-used colors from indexed images .
Every image you upload to your site will automatically be run through the plug-in so there is n't anything extra that you need to do . You can also optimize existing images with just a few clicks .
SEO Friendly Images is a WordPress SEO plugin which automatically adds the alt and title attributes to your images . This plugin helps you to boost your SEO , and you can get more organic traffic through search engines . If your images do not have ALT and TITLE already set , SEO Friendly Images adds them in according to the options you set .
ALT and TITLE attribute is important part of search engine optimization . ALT attribute describes your images to search engines . TITLE attribute plays a lesser role though is important for visitors as this text will automatically appear in the tooltip when a user hovers over an image .
CW Image Optimizer is based on the WP Smush.it plug in , though unlike the WP Smush.it plug in . This means your images never leave your server . This plugin uses Linux littleutils image optimization tools , which automatically and losslessly optimizes your images as you upload them to your WordPress site . It can also optimize the images that you have already uploaded in the past .
CW Image Optimizer uses lossless optimization techniques , so your image quality will be exactly the same before and after the optimization . It 's the only one thing that will change your file size .
Imsanity is a free plugin that automatically resizes images to a more “ sane ” size . The only options you need to configure are the maximum size of uploaded images and jpeg image quality . When a contributor uploads an image that is larger than the configured size , this plugin will automatically scale it down to the configured size and replace the original image .
This plugin also provides a bulk-resize feature which can be used to resize images that were uploaded prior to installing Imsanity . You can also convert BMP files to JPG so images can be scaled .
PB Responsive Images automatically reformats all your images into a format similar to the picture tag proposed by the Responsive Images Community Group on w3.org . The plugin reformats your images according to standard CSS media queries and SLIR query pairs , offering you a great deal of flexibility .
This plugin provides shortcodes so you can customize the queries used per image , and also helper functions that can be used to customize the queries used per post or per layout .
Hammy is a free WordPress image optimization plugin that takes your regular content images and regenerates a number of smaller sized images . When a user accesses your website , they see the most appropriate sized image ( or the smallest one possible ) . The plugin helps your website load faster , especially on mobile .
Hammy only works for images within posts and pages , not custom post types . The plugin provides alternate image size in a way that only jQuery can access , but if jQuery is n't available , Hammy will fall back to the original image . Hammy also takes on any classes or alternate titles from the original image and it does not make any changes to your database .
ImagePro is a free , simple and effective WordPress image optimization plugin lets you upload , resize , add , and change images instantly . The plugin allows you to manage your media collection with ease and use it for any post or page .
You can easily manage the media collection using this plugin as it offers a way to search , filter by file type facilities . It provides frames and captions for your pictures . Also , you can drag and drop any image to post and resize it there itself .
Media File Renamer lets rename your media files by updating their titles . The plugin also automatically updates their links in posts . This plugin allows you to rename multiple files and titles inside the WordPress media library and automatically re-link those files inside all posts and pages .
You can also bulk-rename all your files all at once . Search engines like Google give a lot of importance to file names so it 's important to be descriptive and use appropriate keywords to improve the SEO of your images .
Facebook Open Graph protocol allows you to share your blog content not only with your readers , but their Facebook friends as well . This plugin adds well executed and accurate Facebook Open Graph Meta tag information to your site so when links are shared it looks awesome .
The best part is whenever someone liked your content , Open Graph will be published on their Facebook profile . Also , Open Graph allows you to explore more interesting ways to interact and engage with your readers . The plugin builds up your brand and increases your site 's traffic .
This plugin will pull all those images and feed them to Facebook and Google + so you can hit the arrows to select which one you want . Open Graph will use the fallback image first if it is selected as default , after will do feature image next and then any content images . The plugin will use the title and meta description from any SEO plugin or theme , including Genesis and Thesis . This plugin also works on Google Plus , and Linkedin .
Watermark Reloaded plugin allows you to watermark your uploaded images with different fonts , colors and applies those watermarks to different image sizes ( thumbnail , medium , large , fullsize ) .
This plugin allows you to position the watermark anywhere on the image within Watermark Reloaded settings . It is simple to use and provide you with instant preview of how your watermark will look like on the uploaded image .
Bulk Resize Media is based on the “ Imsanity ” plugin . Bulk Resize Media automatically resizes huge image uploads and makes sure the maximum upload size is respected for all uploaded images . This plugin also provides a bulk-resize feature which can be used to resize images that were uploaded prior to installing Bulk Resize Media .
You can optionally convert BMP files to JPG . It allows you to configure of maximum width , height and jpg quality .
Lazy Load makes your site load faster and preserves your server 's bandwidth . It uses jQuery.sonar to only load an image when it 's visible above fold . Lazy Load is the easiest and a great image optimization plugin for WordPress . You will ever have to use , just install and activate , and it needs no configurations .
This plugin is an amalgamation of code written by the WordPress.com VIP team at Automattic , Jake Goldman ( 10up LLC ) , and the TechCrunch 2011 Redesign team .
BJ Lazy Load lets you lazy load selected images , including article images and thumbnails , Gravatar images and content iframes , and replace content with a placeholder . Unlike Lazy Load , there are some simple settings that allow you to customize how the plugin works , while choosing a placeholder and skipping images with classes .
BJ Lazy Load provides size optimized images that automatically serves scaled down images in responsive designs , and automatically serves hiDPI images for hiDPI screens like Apples Retina Display .
WP Retina 2x makes your website look beautiful and smooth on retina ( high-DPI ) displays such as the MacBook Pro Retina and the iPad . The retina images will be generated for you automatically ( you can also do it manually ) , served . Also , you can control everything from the Retina Dashboard .
It supports 4 different methods such as PictureFill , Retina.js , IMG Rewrite and Retina-Images to serve the images to your visitors .
WP Performance Pack makes speeding up WordPress core the easy way , no core patching required . This plugin features options to improve localization performance and improved image handling .
WP Performance Pack combined with CDN support for images , both in posts and backend . The plugin offers similar image acceleration as Jetpack 's Photon .
Resize Image After Upload is a simple plugin that automatically resizes uploaded image files such as JPEG , GIF , and PNG to within a given maximum width or height to reduce server space usage . It is necessary because images from digital cameras and smartphones can now be over 10MB each due to higher megapixel counts .
Also , Resize Image After Upload has the option to force recompression of JPEGs , regardless of whether they are resized or not . You can also convert uploaded GIF and PNG images into JPEG format .
