Memorial Day weekend is coming to mark the start of summer , and once again I find myself confronted with assholes all over the place telling me I ca n't wear shorts . First there 's designer Tom Ford :
A man should never wear shorts in the city . Flip-flops and shorts in the city are never appropriate . Shorts should only be worn on the tennis court or on the beach .
Advertisement
Then I have The Awl bitching at me about it too ( `` Men should not wear shorts . That is all. '' ) . You listen to me , you anti-shorts gay mobsters : I WILL WEAR SHORTS IF I GODDAMN WANT TO .
I do n't give a shit what you deem appropriate or tasteful . I live in Maryland and for the next four months it will be 50,000 fucking degrees outside , and it 'll be so goddamn humid I 'll have to wear flippers to swim through the air . It 's HOT . It 's fucking deathly hot already . They do n't even have spring here anymore . There 's winter , then it rains a for a couple weeks , and then the entire landscape turns into A FIERY PIT OF HOT LAVA . There are elephants basting themselves with rain puddle water down my block . It is hot as shit .
Oh , what 's that ? Linen pants are breathable ? Oh hey , that 's great ! Let me just plunk down $ 200 for a pair at Banana Republic , because that 's totally within my price range . Organic fabric only for me ! Oh , and look ! They do n't have any waist sizes above 28 inches ! Because everyone who shops at Banana Republic is some kind of magical skinny Eurofairy who stays reed thin on a diet of cigarettes , cocaine , and gross self-absorption ! BLOW ME . Take your fucking edict and DIE . I 'd love to dress like Danny Ocean , but the sale rack at Old Navy is n't cooperating .
Advertisement
I know men do n't have the prettiest legs in the world . They 're hairy . They 're gnarled . Sometimes I see an old man in shorts and their veins look ready to shoot out of their leg and wrap around me , asphyxiating me to death . I get that . But it 's fucking HOT . Now , maybe it is n't hot for you if you 're Tom Ford , and you weigh six pounds and a slight draft sends you rushing for your manpashmina because you decided to live your life like a fucking tuberculosis patient . Not all of us have a goddamn tennis court to retire to , cuntflap .
For NORMAL men , there are issues like swamp-ass that we have to deal with every day , and shorts help alleviate that problem . Not all the way . Sometimes you 're sitting in your car and you can feel the sweat pooling up in your ass because your ass is trapped between your body and the scorching hot leather interior and God that 's an awful moment . But at least your legs are n't dying , because you were smart enough to wear shorts .
It 's only May and already my inner thighs can melt fucking steel right now . So I 'm gon na wear shorts . Oh yes I am . I 'm wearing them right now . Really sloppy looking shorts too . Mesh . You can see the outline of my dick in the fabric , they 're so loose hanging . I look like a jobless hobo . And you know what ? I DO N'T CARE BECAUSE I 'M NOT GOING TO DIE OF FUCKING HEAT STROKE .
Advertisement
I 'm gon na wear my shorts and I 'm gon na walk around like an uncivilized American caveman who would make Tom Ford gasp in fright and clutch their carryall . And if they do n't like it , they can throw on a snowsuit and sit in a fucking kiln . Shorts are awesome .
Drew Magary 's novel , The Postmortal , is available for pre-order on Amazon . Image via .
Have you ever found yourself in a one-sided relationship where you felt as if you were the one doing all the giving , all the caring , while receiving nothing in return ?
If this dynamic sounds familiar , it 's likely you 're trapped in the web of codependency , a pattern of behavior where your self-worth and identity hinges on another 's approval .
Codependency was first defined nearly 50 years ago to describe unhealthy relationships characterized by excessive control or compliance , often with one partner lacking self-sufficiency and autonomy .
The concept was originally conceived in the context of addiction . It helped to explain “ enabling ” patterns used to ease relationship tension caused by drug and alcohol abuse . We now understand that enabling behaviors ( such as rescuing a partner , bailing them out , making and accepting excuses for their behavior , and constantly trying to fix problems ) also are common in non-addiction-related codependent relationships .
Through constantly sacrificing for others and ignoring their own needs , codependents find self-esteem by winning a partner 's approval . Because they lack self-worth , codependent people have great difficulty accepting from others .
Codependent personalities tend to attract partners who are emotionally unstable . They may find themselves in relationship after relationship with needy , unreliable , or emotionally unavailable counterparts .
How can you tell if your relationship is unhealthy ? Here 's a list of common feelings and symptoms associated with codependency . You may be in a codependent relationship if you identify with any of the following statements :
You feel as if your life revolves around your partner . You cancel plans to accommodate your partner 's whims . No matter how hard you try , nothing you do is ever good enough . You 're a classic peacekeeper and people-pleaser . You 've found yourself in relationships with addicts , drug users , or have been verbally or physically abused . You 're always smiling and try to appear cheery , even when you 're feeling mad or sad . You play the role of caregiver in your family or with your partner . You feel ashamed about what 's really going on inside your relationship , but keep that secret to yourself . You feel trapped in the relationship , but feel that if you did leave , you 'd be a horrible person for abandoning your partner Your mood is dictated by your partner 's mood and behavior . You feel devalued or disrespected in your relationship . Anxiety is the emotion you feel most often in your relationship . You spend a lot of time trying to conform or balance your partner 's wishes and preferences .
If you see any of these signs of codependency within yourself or your relationship , you 've taken an important first step in rewiring dysfunctional patterns . Continue to educate yourself about the consequences of remaining in an unhealthy dynamic . By learning to identify and label codependent behaviors , you can begin to deconstruct the entanglement in your relationship .
Remember , healthy love is about creating partnerships that are inter-dependent and characterized by mutual respect and honesty . Recovery is possible through emotional healing and redefining the way you value yourself .
13 Warning Signs You 're in a Codependent Relationship
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The battery has been installed in Jamestown , South Australia
The world 's largest lithium-ion battery has begun dispensing power into an electricity grid in South Australia .
The 100-megawatt battery , built by Tesla , was officially activated on Friday . It had in fact provided some power since Thursday due to demand caused by local hot weather .
South Australia has been crippled by electricity problems in recent times .
Tesla boss Elon Musk famously vowed to build the battery within 100 days - a promise that was fulfilled .
`` This is history in the making , '' South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill said on Friday .
The battery would prevent a repeat of a notorious incident last year where the entire state lost power , Mr Weatherill said .
Mr Musk has described it as three times more powerful than the world 's next biggest battery .
From Twitter bet to reality
The idea began when Mr Musk was asked on Twitter if they were serious about helping to resolve South Australia 's electricity woes .
Mr Musk said they were - adding that if the battery was n't built within 100 days , the state would receive it for free .
The countdown began on 30 September after a plan was approved by the state government and regulators . Tesla finished the battery in about 60 days .
Located near Jamestown , about 200km ( 125 miles ) north of Adelaide , the battery is connected to a wind farm run by French energy company Neoen .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The project began with a Twitter bet by Tesla boss Elon Musk
When fully charged , the battery can power up to 30,000 homes for an hour . However , it will mostly be used to support and stabilise existing electricity supplies .
The battery consists of a grid system that runs on the same technology that powers Tesla 's cars .
In a statement , the company said the completion of the battery `` shows that a sustainable , effective energy solution is possible '' .
Power surge
The battery in South Australia is just one of several similar projects with which Tesla is involved .
Smaller banks of batteries , also intended to smooth out power supplies , are also installed in Southern California , Hawaii , New Zealand , in the UK and on several Pacific islands . Luxury hotels in South Africa , on islands and in remote locations are also using small power storage systems .
The company has also talked about sending more battery packs to Puerto Rico which lost almost all its power generating systems after Hurricane Maria swept across the region .
Retailer Target and online giant Amazon have also expressed interest in storing power . Amazon said it was piloting a program to use the batteries at data centres . The power source would keep servers running if electricity is cut and help keep supplies stable .
Tesla said the expertise it built up building lithium-ion batteries for its cars helped it develop the bigger power packs for the energy storage systems . The batteries used in energy storage facilities that connect to the grid are not exactly the same as those seen in Tesla cars but have some design elements in common .
Tesla has partnered with Panasonic on the development and production of its Powerpack technology . Despite this , it partnered with Samsung on the Southern Australia facility because Panasonic could not produce the required batteries within the tight deadline .
Tesla will soon be facing stiff competition from power firms . Next year , a battery storage facility 50 % larger than Tesla 's in Australia will be turned on in South Korea . Chinese firms and many other renewable energy firms are also installing many battery storage systems for power suppliers around the world .
You might also be interested in :
Have your beloved old books developed a musty smell ? Prevention is key to making sure that books do n't develop a bad odor . If you store your books in a cool , dry location , there 's a much better chance that you 'll avoid much of the bad odor that old books can develop . Despite your best efforts , though , you may find mold or mildew on your books . Unfortunately , this may make them smell musty . Below , you 'll find some tips for how to get rid of the bad odor from your books .
Consider Where You Are Storing Your Books
If you are storing books in a basement , garage , attic or storage unit , you 'll want to address the storage issue before trying to remove the odor , mildew and mold from your books . If you get rid of the bad smell and then put them right back in a damp storage location , you 'll see the problem come right back . Too much moisture causes mildew and mold and too much heat can cause the pages to dry out and crumble -- move your books to a cool , dry location .
Protect Them with Dust Jackets
Dust jackets protect the book covers , helping to keep the moisture away from the book . But a dust jacket is not a miracle cure . Even if you use dust jackets , be aware of where you are storing your books , and avoid moist , hot areas , which can increase the likelihood that they 'll develop bad-smelling mold or mildew .
Avoid Prolonged Direct Contact with Newspaper
Some experts used to recommend that you wrap your books with newspapers , or even place sheets of newspaper between the pages of your book . However , prolonged contact with newspapers can cause damage to your books because of acidity in the newspapers . If you do use newspaper to get rid of the bad odor , be sure that the newspaper does not come into direct contact with your books .
Avoid Bleach or Cleansers
Bleach ( or cleansers ) can be destructive to the pages of your books . If the mildew and/or mold is such that you must remove it , use a dry , soft cloth to remove the worst of it .
De-Stinkify Your Book
Michelle Taylor 's last words , before they were crushed to death by a truck tire , were , “ What does this idiot think he 's doing ? ”
With their 83-year-mother in the passenger seat , the 53-year-old high school teacher was driving along Ontario 's Highway 9 in a Buick Regal when a truck started to drift over from the opposing lane .
The vehicle was a burgundy Ford pickup customized with off-road tires and an aftermarket “ lift kit. ” And at the wheel was a teenager who had fallen asleep .
From the dad 's perspective , it was the smartest thing they could have done
In the split second before impact , Taylor slowed almost to a stop and pulled as far off the shoulder as they could . The first thing the truck 's bumper would have hit was the Buick 's hood .
“ The thing just rolled right up and into the cab and crushed her , ” says their husband , James Taylor . “ On the positive side , it was instant death for my wife . ”
The driver of the truck emerged virtually unscathed . A month after the collision , they posted “ miss you ” on a Facebook photo of a large truck that was presumably the vehicle involved in the crash . Just this year , they were proudly posting photos of their newest rig : a GMC Denali with custom front bumper , off-road tires and , once again , a lift kit .
“ From the dad 's perspective , it was the smartest thing they could have done , ” says Taylor of the parental decision to equip a teenager with a “ monster truck . ”
“ ' I have an irresponsible young lad who 's wanting to drive , I 'm going to give them the biggest possible thing on the road so they do n't get hurt , ' and sure enough , they never got hurt . ' ”
Big cars kill . They kill because their bumpers do n't line up with sedans and station wagons . They kill because they have stiff frames and they kill because they 're heavier . For every 450 kilograms added to the weight of a car ( roughly the difference between a Toyota Prius and a Ford Taurus ) , a vehicle becomes 40 per cent more likely to turn an otherwise survivable crash into a fatal collision .
Canadians like big cars because they keep their occupants alive and , thanks to a new era of low gas prices , they 're buying them in record numbers . In the first half of 2015 , pickup trucks claimed the first , second and fourth spots for best-selling vehicles in Canada .
Since Jan. 1 , 58,318 Ford F-series pickups and 47,000 Ram pickups have been sold in Canada . In a distant third place is the Honda Civic , with 30,000 .
The trade-off , played out on Canadian roads every day , is that these cars are dramatically increasing the chance of killing everybody else .
“ For every pickup truck driver killed in a side impact , 25 were killed in a car , ” says Clay Gabler , a U.S.-based “ crash compatibility ” pioneer .
For years , automobile safety researchers had focused mostly on which vehicles were best at keeping their occupants alive .
“ I thought , what if we turned this on its head and found the most lethal vehicles out there ? ” says Gabler by phone from their office at Virginia Tech .
For every pickup truck driver killed in a side impact , 25 were killed in a car
Their finding , first published as the SUV trend was picking up steam , was that American roads were packed with cars “ not designed to play nicely with each other . ”
In just one of the years studied , 1997 , 5,373 Americans were killed in a crash between a van or truck . Of those , an incredible 81 per cent had been car passengers .
Not only were the trucks and vans significantly heavier , their higher “ ride height ” was causing them to shred through passenger compartments , unhindered by barriers such as bumpers or door sills .
In the years since , new research has only bolstered the findings .
At the University of Buffalo , medical researchers found when an SUV hits a car , even if the car has a better crash test rating , its driver was still four times more likely to wind up dead in the collision .
“ In frontal crashes , SUVs tend to ride over shorter passenger vehicles … crushing the occupant of the passenger car , ” said study author Dietrich Jehle , a professor of emergency medicine .
This help explains how cars that consistently pass crash tests with flying colours , such as the Honda Civic and the Nissan Cube , are some of the deadliest on the road .
In Montreal , scientists sifted through data on three million Canadian crashes and found driving an SUV instead of a car makes a driver 224 per cent more likely to cause a fatal crash .
I care most about the people in MY vehicle , ” reads one forum post by an SUV driver
A study from the University of California , San Diego , meanwhile , found every life saved in a large vehicle came at the expense of 4.3 dead pedestrians , motorcyclists and car drivers .
In essence , of all the consumer choices Canadians will make in their life , buying an unnecessarily large car is the one most likely to maim or kill a stranger .
Back in the late 1990s , when Gabler was publishing the first groundbreaking studies on the dangers of large vehicles , they say they were surprised at how people reacted : SUV sales spiked .
“ I 'm not a sociologist , but people look after themselves and their family , ” says Gabler . “ It 's a very human thing to do , I think . ”
The sentiment comes up often in online debates over automobile safety .
“ I care most about the people in MY vehicle , ” reads one forum post by an SUV driver , saying they are only trying to protect their family from “ moronic drivers Facebooking their way to oblivion . ”
On another forum , a driver claims , “ My SUV protects me from the actions of IDIOTS . ”
The other guy has a big car , so you 're going to feel unsafe unless you have a big one too
Part of this is because few drivers think they will be the ones to cause a collision . A famed 1981 study found 93 per cent of American drivers rated themselves as better than the median .
Drivers are also very prone to “ illusory self-assessment ” — being hyper-sensitive to the mistakes of other drivers , while rationalizing their own driving errors .
Going for a big car is also frequently backed up by the experts .
“ Safest vehicle ” lists are filled with SUVs . In the same University of Buffalo study that found SUVs were rolling over passenger cars , the authors were keen to note the “ increased safety of SUVs . ”
The result is an “ arms race . ”
“ The other guy has a big car , so you 're going to feel unsafe unless you have a big one too , ” said Michael Anderson , an economist at the University of California , Berkeley , who has examined the social cost of driving on highways with increasingly larger cars .
Highways filled exclusively with Honda Civics would be about as safe as highways filled exclusively with Cadillac Escalades , said Anderson . The danger comes from a world where the Civics are smashing into Escalades .
And the safety disparity goes up precipitously when it comes to aftermarket modifications , such as lift kits and oversized tires .
After their wife 's death , Taylor and their friends championed a pressure group to regulate vehicle height , the Bumper to Bumper Campaign .
Laws governing vehicle height vary wildly across Canada . In Prince Edward Island , it is illegal to raise a vehicle more than four inches . While Alberta has rules on passenger cars , there are almost no standards for trucks or utility vehicles .
“ There really is n't an enforceable legislation that restricts you from adding suspension modifications — and we do n't track any other modifications , ” said Staff Sgt . Jamie Johnston , traffic services coordinator for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
Johnston is also a 20-year veteran of crash reconstruction on the province 's roads , including Highway 63 , the notorious “ Highway of Death . ”
They said they can not remember any crashes where a lifted truck caused otherwise-preventable fatalities , but he 's seen plenty of small cars turned to mush by larger vehicles .
“ The smaller car is always going to feel the bigger bump , ” said Johnston . “ Mass is always the deciding issue . ”
National Post
thopper @ nationalpost.com
According to Raiders head coach Dennis Allen Friday , running back Darren McFadden and defensive end Matt Shaughnessy are fully healed from their injuries that kept them out most of the 2011 season and are ready to return to the practice field in time for mini camps .
Shaughnessy was the first of the two to go down with injury . They went down in week three with a shoulder injury . The team had hoped it was n't too serious but after a couple weeks in which it had n't improved , they placed them on injured reserve .
McFadden was in a same situation with their foot sprain . They went down in week seven and each week it seemed like they might return and each week the foot was not healed enough to do so . They should have been placed on IR but according to Hue Jackson , McFadden really wanted to play so they took up a roster spot . The foot injury was eventually revealed as a Liz Frank foot sprain for which players typically are down for the season .
`` His foot is better . '' said Allen . `` He was back in town , working out last week , and we got a good evaluation on him . Darren will be ready to go whenever we get ready to kick off the season , that 's for sure . ''
Hue Jackson only made matters worse when they said that , had the Raiders made the playoffs , McFadden would have been back in the lineup . By that point , we had heard that line enough and it had become a running joke of sorts .
Allen also said they will be examining everything to try and remedy the foot injury issues McFadden has had even down to the practice field surface .
Said Allen : `` We 're looking at ... how we can improve in every aspect of the organization , and obviously practice fields is one of the things that we 're looking at . Is there something we can do to improve that , and is their a co-relation between the foot injuries and the practice fields . If we can deduce there is a co-relation between the two we 'll do everything we can to get them right . ''
Allen went on to say that they intend for McFadden to be part of this team next season . This would suggest there are no intentions to trade him .
`` Not as far as I 'm concerned . '' said Allen . `` I think he 's an extremely dynamic player . Again , from playing the Oakland Raiders twice last year , they were much more challenging to defend when Darren McFadden was in the backfield , and having that kind of two-headed monster between them and Bush , that was a real challenge . Darren is a vital part of what we 're going to try and get done next year .
They went on to emphasize that the Raiders will play to McFadden 's strengths as well as other players on the team .
This will help McFadden to thrive in the zone blocking scheme despite their difficulties with it when the Raiders ran it during Greg Knapp 's previous stint in Oakland .
When asked about Shaughnessy , McFadden and Jacoby Ford , Allen responded :
`` Absolutely , they 'll be ready to roll . ''
Follow me on Twitter @ LeviDamien or befriend me on facebook .
Republicans Chris Christie and Rand Paul are slinging mud far ahead of the 2016 presidential election . We take a look into one of Christie 's claims . ( The Washington Post )
Republicans Chris Christie and Rand Paul are slinging mud far ahead of the 2016 presidential election . We take a look into one of Christie 's claims . ( The Washington Post )
Way back in 1975 , a Republican agitator named Ronald Reagan had this to say about an esoteric young movement that was roiling politics : “ If you analyze it , I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism . ”
Neither the GOP old guard nor the rowdy libertarians ever quite bought that argument .
They both lay claim to the same conservative economic philosophy . But libertarians are more isolationist and antiwar than Republican orthodoxy allows on foreign policy and more permissive on social issues .
Still , in the nearly four decades since Reagan made those comments , the two have managed — at least most of the time — to maintain an uneasy marriage of expedience .
Libertarianism once again appears to be on the rise , particularly among the young . But its alliance with the Republican establishment is fraying , as demonstrated by the increasingly personal war of words between two leading potential 2016 presidential contenders .
The sparring began last week , when New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie ( R ) posited : “ As a former prosecutor who was appointed by President George W. Bush on Sept. 10 , 2001 , I just want us to be really cautious , because this strain of libertarianism that 's going through both parties right now and making big headlines , I think , is a very dangerous thought . ”
After Christie made it clear that they were referring to Rand Paul , the Senate 's leading critic of the National Security Agency and its surveillance programs , the Kentucky Republican fired back on their Twitter account : “ Christie worries about the dangers of freedom . I worry about the danger of losing that freedom . Spying without warrants is unconstitutional . ”
Their feud — which is being watched closely as a possible warmup round for 2016 — has continued , expanded and spilled over into other issues .
On Tuesday , Christie chided : “ If Senator Paul wants to start looking at where he 's going to cut spending to afford defense , maybe they should start cutting the pork-barrel spending that they bring home to Kentucky. ” After which Paul told CNN that the plus-size governor was “ the king of bacon talking about bacon . ”
This kind of rancor is pretty much the last thing the Republican Party needs right now as it struggles to broaden its appeal and find its footing in the wake of two successive presidential defeats .
For their part , libertarians are thrilled . They say it is a sign they truly have arrived as a force to be dealt with , rather than dismissed as a fringe element .
“ There are a lot of people within establishment Republican Party politics who have controlled the process for the last 10 or 20 years who fear that their grip on the party is slipping away , ” said Rep. Justin Amash ( R-Mich. ) , whose amendment to restrict the NSA 's ability to collect telephone records came surprisingly close to passing in the House last week .
In an interview , Amash argued that despite opposition from House GOP leaders , their point of view represents an advancing wave among House Republicans . They cited an analysis by Bloomberg News showing that while House Republicans who have served more than five years opposed their amendment by more than 2 to 1 , it won a slim majority among those who have arrived there more recently .
The amendment , which was co-authored by Rep. John Conyers Jr. ( D-Mich. ) , a liberal stalwart who is a half-century older than Amash , also won more than 100 Democratic votes .
Libertarianism tends to rise as a backlash to government expansiveness and incompetence , said David Boaz , executive vice president of the libertarian Cato Institute , who has written extensively about the movement 's history .
They said the modern movement began to flower in the late 1960s and early 1970s in reaction to the Vietnam War , disenchantment with the growth of social programs during the Great Society era , stagflation and the Watergate scandal .
Libertarianism also took on an intellectual sheen after proponents Friedrich August von Hayek and Milton Friedman won Nobel Memorial Prizes in economics in 1974 and 1976 , respectively , and Harvard University professor Robert Nozick 's defense of it , titled “ Anarchy , State , and Utopia , ” won the National Book Award in 1975 .
Politically , “ libertarianism with a small L was very skeptical of Republicanism with a capital R , ” but they were bound by their mutual abhorrence of communism and the welfare state , Boaz said .
After the Soviet Union fell apart , their relationship became more tenuous .
In the 1992 election , for example , a Cato Institute analysis found that the 13 percent or so of voters who were libertarian-minded — those who told pollsters they wanted smaller government but tolerant social policies — split almost evenly among Republican incumbent George H.W . Bush , Democrat Bill Clinton and third-party candidate Ross Perot .
The movement these days has been galvanized in part by the 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns of former representative Ron Paul ( R-Tex . ) , father of the Kentucky senator , which drew a vocal following among young people .
When libertarian Clark Ruper was a University of Michigan student from 2004 to 2007 , they recalled , “ there were , like , five of us on campus , and we all knew each other . ”
Now vice president of a rapidly growing organization called Students for Liberty , Ruper says of the dust-up between Christie and Paul : “ I think it 's fantastic . When guys like Chris Christie are attacking us , we must be doing something right . ”
Ruper , for one , rejects Reagan 's depiction of conservatism and libertarianism as being one and the same .
“ We are not a branch of conservatism , ” largely because of social issues like same-sex marriage and drug legalization , Rupar said . “ Those are real deal-breakers where we ca n't get along with conservatives . We find our allies there on the left . ”
Nor was Reagan themselves comfortable with all the tenets of libertarianism .
“ I think that , like in any political movement , there are shades , and there are libertarians who are almost over at the point of wanting no government at all or anarchy , ” Reagan said in that same 1975 interview with the libertarian magazine Reason .
Libertarians also have pronounced differences with many on the right when it comes to foreign policy .
Jeff Frazee , executive director of a more politically oriented libertarian organization called Young Americans for Liberty , said that young people today are skeptical of intrusive government at home and want to see an end to mililtary intervention overseas .
“ Many of the members in our group were not even 10 years old when 9/11 happened , ” Frazee said . “ They 've grown up with war , and they are war-weary . ”
Libertarians still count relatively few elected officials as their own .
Rand Paul comes the closest . Libertarians have cheered their stance on surveillance and their 13-hour filibuster in March to protest the Obama administration 's use of unmanned drones .
That filibuster brought withering commentary from the conservative establishment .
“ If Mr. Paul wants to be taken seriously they need to do more than pull political stunts that fire up impressionable libertarian kids in their college dorms , ” the Wall Street Journal wrote . Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) called Paul and their Senate allies “ wacko birds . ”
Yet even Paul draws some skepticism from libertarian purists . They are leery , for instance , of their recent overtures to the Christian right , a constituency they can not afford to alienate if they hope to win their party 's presidential nomination .
For now , however , libertarian activists seem to believe that their best shot at advancing their ideas is in changing the Republican Party from the inside .
“ Where else are you going to go ? ” asks Brian Doherty , senior editor at Reason . “ Given the shape of the culture and the ideology of American politics , the Republican Party is at least willing to pay lip service to libertarian values . It is the existing space that a libertarian can move into and sort of fit in . ”
Friday , during their doubles match , and on Saturday again , Novak Djokovic caught a whiff of something they did n't much like , and was complaining about how it was affecting them during their match against Jeremy Chardy .
“ Someone is smoking weed , I can smell it . I am getting dizzy . ”
Unlike they and Janko Tipsarevic 's doubles match loss to Edouard Roger-Vasselin and Daniel Nestor , Djokovic was able to overcome the contact high and managed to beat Chardy 6-4 , 6-4 in their semifinal match .
Djokovic will face Andy Murray in the final on Sunday , and hopes to high heaven that whoever that was does n't show up .
From Fox Sports :
“ Oh , my God . You ca n't believe how bad it was . Whoever it is , he 's pretty high and I hope they do n't come back tomorrow because it 's a pretty bad smell . I did n't enjoy it much . ”
( Thanks to B/R for sharing . )
A London cabbie who held a Channel 4 business correspondent in the back of their taxi before knocking them down in a row over a heater has been spared jail .
Journalist Helia Ebrahimi , 39 , was trapped in the back of the black cab driven by James Wilkinson , 57 after a row over the heating on March 22 this year , the day of the Westminster terror attack .
Ms Ebrahimi told Wilkinson - branded a `` blustering bully '' by the Judge - that they would n't pay their fare because the heater in the back of their 12 year old cab were blowing cold air on them
In response they tuned the cab round to take them back to ITN 's office , where they picked them up , and refused to let them out despite them repeatedly pleading with them to stop the cab .
( Image : SWNS.com )
When they finally dropped them off they tried to take a picture of their driver identification details from the inside , but Wilkinson drove off , hitting them and causing them to fall to the ground .
They suffered bruising to their leg and hip , and an old back injury flared up , while their £600 jeans were torn .
Grandfather Wilkinson denied one count of false imprisonment and one count of dangerous driving , but was convicted of both charges following a two day trial .
The jury at Blackfriars Crown Court took just one hour 33minutes to reach its verdict .
They were sentenced to four months in jail for each count to run concurrently , suspended for 12 months .
( Image : Channel 4 )
Sentencing Wilkinson , Judge David Richardson said it was a `` trivial '' argument over the heating , but the driver `` took them against their will '' to where they picked them up from .
Ms Ebrahimi made repeated requests for them to let them out of the cab , and even filmed the last part of the journey , desperately asking 13 times for them to stop the vehicle .
The Judge said : `` We trust our black cab drivers to keep their temper and to obey the law . You committed these offences against a woman on their own , in your cab during the evening .
`` You are a blustering bully . You would never have behaved that way of it had been a man in your cab . You took advantage and bullied someone standing up to you about the condition of your cab .
`` An aggravating factor is also you complete lack of remorse and your ridiculous allegations the video had been tampered with . ''
( Image : SWNS.com )
The judge accepted the conviction and sentence would mean the loss of their job , which them has had for 20 years , and that they had no previous convictions .
However they said they would order compensation regarding the `` frightening '' period of false imprisonment and said : `` In this country we take loss of liberty very seriously . ''
Wilkinson , of Faversham , Kent , was given four months for each count to run concurrently suspended for 12 months .
They were also ordered to pay £1,000 compensation for the false imprisonment , and to carry out 210 hours of unpaid work , as well as being disqualified from driving for two years .
A worldwide water revolution starts in Guatemala
© Anna Bevan
What started out 30 years ago with a man called Fernando directing artisans on potter 's wheels in the small town of Rabinal , Guatemala , has resulted in a worldwide water revolution .
In Guatemala alone there are around a million families living without access to clean drinking water . Unable to afford purified bottled versions , they have two options : either spend a large proportion of their salary on firewood to boil water , which causes deforestation and pollutes the environment , or drink dirty water , which causes infections and can lead to death .
In 1981 , Fernando Mazariegos developed a technology called ceramic pot filtration . The following year , the design was awarded the top prize by the Latin American Institute of Water Engineers for its effectiveness in treating contaminated water . It has since gone on to receive awards from the World Bank .
Born out of the idea that every Guatemalan should have access to a sustainable source of clean drinking water , Ecofiltro has been using the ceramic pot filtration technology to bring clean water to the rural poor on a mass scale since 2009 . Perfecting low-cost water filters and working with NGOs to distribute them , the social business believes that the best way to make water filtration a sustainable solution , and not just a charitable gift , is to help people secure filters for the rest of their lives .
‘ We organize rural communities to take control of their own health in the same way that affluent nations do : through awareness and affordable , clean water , ' said Richard Finlay , director of operations and finances. ‘ The water problem is the most significant thing that is impacting global health ; it 's the problem that is inflicting the most pain on the most people . We try to reach people who are either very sick because they are drinking dirty water and losing days of work , or worse : are losing children [ to disease and infection ] . '
Advert
Ecofiltro works primarily through its foundation Ecofiltro : one , which distributes the filters , teaches customers how to use them and helps them set up a savings and payments plan of around $ 2 a month to pre-pay the next filter , thus securing clean water for themselves and their family for the rest of their lives .
Each filter takes around four weeks to build and lasts for approximately two years . Locally sourced clay and sawdust are mixed together with water to form the filter 's shape , then left to dry for up to two weeks before being fired in kilns , coated in colloidal silver and randomly tested to ensure meeting company standards . Once distributed to their new owners , the filters are placed inside a container and clean drinking water filters though at a rate of 1.5-2 litres per hour .
‘ Mothers especially love the filters . It 's one of the first things that have come into their house that they own , and they are not dependent on anyone in their village to buy chlorine tablets from , ' says Sam Snyder , the foundation 's director .
While Ecofiltro 's focus is on rural communities , its products are also available to the urban population . Last year the company sold 20-25,000 filters to rural people and 10,000 to urban residents who wanted a cheaper , more ecological alternative to bottled water .
‘ We started using the filter for various reasons , ' said Charlotte Rumel , director of Alianza Francesa in Antigua Guatemala . ‘ It 's a more economical way to consume water , it 's an ecological system and we think that Guatemala needs to develop a more environmental conscience . '
By using urban filter sales to subsidize filter costs in rural areas – urban communities pay market value and rural communities pay at cost – Ecofiltro hopes to solve the water crisis in Guatemala in around 10 years .
Before using the filters , rural customers used to complain about the pains they suffered after drinking unfiltered water or the taste of chlorine that was left over from boiling it with sterilizing tablets .
Maria Clara Xaji used to get stomach cramps that kept them up at night . Thanks to a new water filter , they sleeps ‘ like an angel , ' they say .
Although the filters were originally created in Guatemala , the first plant to start using the technology was built in Ecuador . Today , the ceramic pot filtration method is being produced in over 30 countries in Asia , Africa and Latin America .
An annual booze-fuelled Homecoming gathering on Broughdale Avenue is a “ disaster just waiting to happen ” — and Western University hopes to shut it down by moving Homecoming to late October when poor weather and mid-term exams might discourage out-of-control street parties .
Last year , 10,000 party-goers jammed the street and rooftops .
“ We were flirting with unspeakable disaster just waiting to happen , ” Janice Deakin , provost and vice-president ( academic ) said Tuesday . “ Something terrible is going to happen if we do n't bring this to some kind of end . ”
The past four years , increasingly large crowds have gathered on Broughdale , a one-block street just east of the university .
Last year there were 16 ambulance calls to the street and six of the 11 subsequent hospital admissions were serious medical issues , said London deputy police chief Steve Williams .
One party-goer was impaled on a fence , another fell off a roof and one had a severe allergic reaction and needed CPR . But even getting emergency aid to someone in that large a crowd is a challenge .
“ We 're one thrown beer bottle away from a riot , ” Williams said . If it 's not curtailed , it 's “ a virtual certainty ” that something will happen . “ We 've been lucky , and we ca n't keep relying on luck to prevent tragedy . ”
Many in the throng have been university students , but others were high-schoolers and out-of-town revellers . Some even rented buses to party here , including one group who bused in from Barrie .
Officials noted the parties are off-campus and not sanctioned by the university .
Because some alumni have booked hotels and flights based on previously announced scheduling , Sept. 30 has been rebranded as Reunion Weekend and will still include anniversary dinners , alumni events and a Mustang football game , said Jana Luker , associate vice-president ( student experience ) .
But Homecoming itself , with a football game and family-friendly on-campus activities , will take place Oct. 22 .
That will be preceded by an intensive campaign to let students know their rights and responsibilities and options for safe celebrations .
Officials believe by then students will have settled in to the school routine , will be more concerned about studying for impending mid-term exams and will be less eager to party in cooler weather .
Big street parties are n't unique to Western or even to London that gained notoriety for a street riot near Fanshawe College in 2009 .
Deakin was an administrator at Queen 's University when Homecoming was suspended in 2009 and for four years afterwards because of parties that turned dangerous on a nearby street .
Less drastic strategies have been tried near Western , including last year having a concert on campus and giving students tickets to the football game . That only delayed the start of the party .
Last year , one person on the street , which has mostly student rentals , posted a party invitation on Facebook and 20,000 people confirmed they were going to attend , said Trista Walker , head of alumni relations .
Deakin said someone is going to suffer a catastrophic injury unless this is brought to heel . “ It 's a safety-first issue… Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome is just stupid . ”
Asked if the two events might just give students a reason to party twice , campus police chief John Carson said they hope it will instead reduce the size of the drunken crowd .
“ We 're not trying to take the fun out of university but we 're trying to make this a safer environment for students who would otherwise be caught up in this Broughdale event . ”
The decision was made by administrators with input from the university police , city police , city officials , alumni leaders , paramedics , hospital staff and student leaders .
Eddy Avila , incoming president of the University Students ' Council , said they have been to more than one Broughdale party and “ the sheer number of it is a risk . ”
Student leadership is supportive of the move so that all students can have a “ good and enjoyable and safe time , ” they said
Safety is the main aim , coupled with “ ensuring we provide good programming ” that gives students fun options , they said .
Some social media commenters , though , suggested Tuesday it may take more than a date change and the possibility of foul weather to keep them from partying outside .
Over three years since their last album , R & B veteran Monica issues a Code Red with their eighth LP . Led by the Lil Wayne-assisted single “ Just Right for Me , ” the 14 tracks were executive produced by Polow Da Don and Monica , and feature guest appearances from Missy Elliott , Akon , Timbaland , and Monica 's daughter Laiyah .
Code Red marks a return to their roots . “ # MissThang2.0 CODE RED IN STORES TODAY There was a fearlessness that helped me to achieve things most thought to be impossible , ” said Monica . “ A little girl with a lot of heart & tons of faith… She 's back . ”
The album is now available on iTunes . You can also stream it below via Spotify .
During their promo tour , Monica stopped by “ The Wendy Williams Show ” this week to perform a medley of “ Do n't Take It Personally ( Just One of Dem Days ) ” and “ Just Right for Me . ”
Tuesday Mar 8 Fantasy Champions League Tips For Daily Fantasy Football Betting
Fantasy Champions League Round of 16 commences on Tuesday 8th of March as Wolfsburg host Belgian outfit Gent and Roma make the trip to the Bernabeu to face Spanish giants Real Madrid .
Once again , NaturalFootyFan returns to provide daily fantasy football tips for the Mondogoal and FantasyBet contests .
The small slate means less variance amongst daily fantasy teams , which subsequently increases the importance of calling the clean sheets , goal scorers and differentials .
This article will be split into two sections . First is a Defensive Analysis – to gauge clean sheet potential , followed by an Attacking Analysis – to determine scoring potential . We will make use of the bookies odds in both occasions , to provide a fair comparison .
Defensive Analysis
The table below highlights which clubs are most likely to keep a clean sheet according to the bookies odds , converted into an implied chance percentage :
Team Implied Chance % Real Madrid 43 % Roma 13 % Wolfsburg 43 % Gent 15 %
It 's clear to see that both clubs playing on home soil , Real Madrid and Wolfsburg , are the heavy favourites . The pair already hold a significant advantage coming into their respective ties , as Real Madrid defeated Roma by two goals to nil in the reverse fixture , while Wolfsburg racked up three away goals in their first leg victory over Gent .
Real Madrid have kept 13 clean sheets in their last 17 Champions League matches and with their two-goal advantage , will be encouraged to keep things simple and hold possession . For this reason , Sergio Ramos and Raphael Varane are great options – available at drop down prices compared to Real 's attacking fullbacks .
Although expensive , we do advise coughing up the cash for Keylor Navas . According to the bookies odds , Wolfsburg has an equal chance with Real Madrid of keeping a clean sheet , however , we think differently .
Gent have scored in each and every Champions League match they have played in this season ( seven games ) , and with the need to score at least twice to have a chance of progressing , we ca n't confidently recommend Casteels or Benaglio of Wolfsburg .
With slightly less emphasis placed upon a shutout in your defence , especially on Mondogoal , Ricardo Rodriguez offers a decent output for the German Side . After a period of being in and out of the starting XI , the 23-year-old seems to have finally nailed down the left-back slot .
With three goals in nine Champions League games last season , the Switzerland International will be hoping to tap into this attacking potential . He 's a fantastic offensive defender , who will take some corners and freekicks as well .
Keylor Navas ( Mondogoal : £8.9m , FantasyBet : £6.5m )
Sergio Ramos ( Mondogoal : £8.4m , FantasyBet : £7.0m )
Raphael Varane ( Mondogoal : £7.5m , FantasyBet : £6.0m )
Ricardo Rodriguez ( Mondogoal : £7.7m , FantasyBet : £6.5m )
Attacking Analysis
The table below highlights which clubs are most likely to score 2+ goals according to the bookies odds , converted into an implied chance percentage :
Team Implied Chance % Real Madrid 75 % Roma 22 % Wolfsburg 67 % Gent 25 %
The goal-scoring potential follows a similar trend to our defensive analysis , in terms of both home clubs coming out as outright favourites . Once again , Real Madrid and Wolfsburg have the highest chance of finding the back of the net , so we will base our recommendations loosely around this . Nevertheless , there are some excellent differential options if you do a bit of digging .
Cristiano Ronaldo will be the first player on just about everyone 's team , after scoring five goals in their last two appearances in La Liga . With Karim Benzema ruled out with a hamstring injury , the three-times Ballon d'Or winner looks set to lead the line .
For further Real Madrid coverage , keep an eye out for Jese . The young Spaniard , who also impressed at the weekend with a goal in their 20 minute cameo , is almost four times cheaper than Ronaldo on Mondogoal . If they get the nod , Jese will be a popular pick on every site .
Next we delve into the Wolfsburg midfield and your best option here is Julian Draxler . The 22-year-old , who was once linked with just about every top side in Europe , has hit form with six goals in their last eight appearances in all competitions .
The German was handed a free-role by manager Dieter Hecking , and he 's 100 % paid them back performance-wise in recent weeks . If you can not afford Draxler , Andre Schurrle is a cost effective alternative .
As we mentioned in the defensive analysis , we fancy Gent to snatch at least a goal . Creative midfielder , Danijel Milicevic , has contributed with 43 % of their side 's goals in this competition and takes the majority of set-pieces .
The midfielder , who has made an average of 2.3 key passes per game in the Champions League this season , was poor in the first leg and will be desperate to bounce back with a bang .
Four of Gent 's last five Champions League goals have been scored in the final 15 minutes . Conversely , four of the last five goals conceded by Wolfsburg have come in that period .
With this in mind , Kalifa Coulibaly has scored two goals in their last three Champions League appearances , all as substitute . So if you want an extreme differential , who might feature in Gent 's productive period , then Coulibaly 's your man .
Cristiano Ronaldo ( Mondogoal : £20.5m , FantasyBet : £12.5m )
Jese ( Mondogoal : £5.4m , FantasyBet : £7.0m )
Julian Draxler ( Mondogoal : £10.4m , FantasyBet : £9.5m )
Andre Schurrle ( Mondogoal : £6.1m , FantasyBet : £8.5m )
Danijel Milicevic ( Mondogoal : £8.0m , FantasyBet : £6.0m )
Kalifa Coulibaly ( Mondogoal : £6.0m , FantasyBet : £5.5m )
Nerdy Muggles , rejoice : There 's a new set of extra Harry Potter textbooks for you to read , just in time for fall term at Hogwarts .
On Sept. 6 , Pottermore , J.K. Rowling 's official portal to their Wizarding World , will release three e-book shorts on the secret history of Hogwarts . Each story will combine details from Pottermore archives with new material from Rowling to give new background on the school . So if you ever wondered how a witch becomes a portrait or longed for a biography of Care of Magical Creatures teacher Silvanus Kettleburn , you 're in luck .
These three shorts join a ever-expanding universe of Rowling-sanctioned Harry Potter ephemera ( in addition to plenty of fan fiction ) : Harry Potter and the Cursed Child , the script of the play which premiered in July ; Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , the movie which will be released in November ; and three supplementary books published alongside the original series . Rather than write new material set in a new world , Rowling continues to elaborate on their original wizarding one , providing a literary Pensieve for readers to return to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . And that will always be Rowling 's greatest trick : keeping 'em coming back for more .
Dr. William Kay , M.D , Guest Writer
Waking Times
The phrase “ medical ethics ” sounds great in principle , but some important questions remain unanswered . Who is deciding what is ethical in medicine ? How are those decisions being used ? In this article we will explore some of the very ugly uses of modern “ medical ethics ” , namely the protection of hospital assets , limiting patient choices , obliterating the physician-patient relationship , and allowing hospital administrators to bully medical staff .
Medical ethics committees were originally created in the 1970 's and promoted as a means to protect patients from being abused by an evolving medical system that was becoming increasingly driven by greed . Today 's hospital-based ethics committees are almost universally comprised of members who have been personally chosen by the C.E.O . of the hospital , who are themselves business people with no medical education . The C.E.O . 's primary job at a hospital is to increase profits . It is starting to look like the fox has been placed in charge of protecting the hen house , is n't it ?
Hospitals have special nurses called “ utilization nurses ” ( that do not have any patient care responsibilities ) who make rounds every day and read every doctor 's order , on every patient , inside every major hospital in the United States . Their sole job is to identify ways to save hospital money . Now , imagine a utilization nurse decides that the treatment plan that your doctor ordered will not make the hospital as much money as they believe it should . After notifying your doctor that it is their recommendation to choose a more profitable form of treatment , your doctor protests , “ I am the doctor , and the treatment chosen is the best one for the patient ” . The doctor is very likely to face a reprimand from the C.E.O.-appointed ethics committee for violating the supposed ethic of being uncooperative with staff and purportedly placing the community at risk for not supporting the local hospital . You can imagine the threat to the career of a physician who is professionally labeled as “ unethical ” . Let me paint the grim picture : loss of hospital privileges , dropped from insurance panels , potential loss of license , and ultimately the end of their career .
The above scenario is not simply hypothetical . This is an active system that changes millions of doctor orders a day across this country — all for the sole purpose of increasing hospital profits , and enforced by the power of modern medical ethics . In my own experience , while practicing as a surgeon , I was called about twice per day on my patient orders . In fact , my orders were often changed by the utilization nurse if they could n't contact me immediately ! It had been illegal in the U.S. to change a doctor 's orders if you were a nurse , but with the power of the ethics committees , nurses are directly supported by the C.E.O . as “ ethically ” acting in the best interest of the community !
In future articles about “ medical ethics ” I will share my experiences and knowledge concerning hospitals that use these committees to violate patient wishes , family wishes , taking custody of children , approving organ donation in trauma victims that were still alive and not registered as organ donors , forcing burn victims to submit to excruciating treatments against their wishes , and the list goes on .
About the Author
Dr. Kay currently offers their expertise as Medical Advocate in order to protect patient rights and ensure patient autonomy . They can be contacted directly through their website at www.InformedHealthAdvocacy.com .
This article originally appeared at HealthWyze .
This article is offered under Creative Commons license . It 's okay to republish it anywhere as long as attribution bio is included and all links remain intact .
~~ Help To wake Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with the buttons below…
Kleargear 's new street address is also home to notorious ripoff site
Kleargear destroyed the credit of customers who complained about getting ripped off , then disappeared when a court ordered them to pay restitution -- now they have a new US address , shared with a scammy auction site , raising questions about what other ripoffs the company 's owners are involved with .
The new address , 427 North Tatnall Street , Wilmington , Delaware 19801-2230 , is also home to notorious penny auction site Zbiddy , whose customers have complained for years about paying for goods that never arrived . As Techdirt 's Tim Cushing puts it : `` It appears that whoever actually runs KlearGear ( whether it 's Havaco Direct , Chenal Media or French company Descoteaux Boutiques ) may have a fistful of scammy companies under their purview -- or at least has the dubious fortune of choosing the same remailer address as Zbiddy . KlearGear may be completely unrelated to Zbiddy , but customers of both suffer from the same form of abuse : not receiving the products they 've paid for . ''
Various attempts have been made to scrub KlearGear 's reputation since news of its $ 3,500 bad review fee surfaced . A very thorough expose of KlearGear 's many corporate figureheads posted at RipOff Report notes that someone using the account `` Havaco Direct '' attempted to hire a freelancer to crank out 10 glowing reviews ( all from separate email/IP addresses ) and post them at ResellerRatings.com . ( A 2011 request from Havaco Direct asks for the generation of 240 unique email addresses created by 240 unique IP addresses -- itself more than a little shady . ) A quick scan of ResellerRating reviews pre-dating 2013 's Streisanding shows KlearGear 's inability to fulfill orders has been a problem ( or not , if you 're just running a scam ) since day one . Also of interest are recent DMCA takedown notices sent by a supposed representative of KlearGear with the made-up-on-the-spot name of `` Consumer Guardian . '' Since the beginning of this month , it has sent out three notices to Google asking for the delisting of the expansive Ripoff Report noted above , further research into the company 's inner workings by a blogger at Blagnet and Ken White 's post at Popehat . So far , every request has been turned down . Searching for `` Consumer Guardian '' gets you the metaphoric phone book , which is presumably the impetus behind the bland name currently abusing the DMCA system .
KlearGear Revamps Website ; New Address Traces Back To Scammy Penny Auction Site [ Tim Cushing/Techdirt ]
Scientists have known for more than 150 years that sharks get cancer . And yet the belief persists that the animals do n't suffer from the disease .
That misconception is promoted in part by those who sell shark cartilage , who claim that the substance will help cure cancer , said David Shiffman , a shark researcher and doctoral student at the University of Miami . But no studies have shown that shark cartilage is an effective treatment , and the demand for the material has helped decimate shark populations , researchers say : Humans kill about 100 million sharks per year , according to a March 2013 study ( although many factors contribute to the killing of sharks , including demand for shark-fin soup ) .
Recently , researchers in Australia noticed a large tumor protruding from the mouth of a great white shark , as well as another mass on the head of a bronze whaler shark . The great white 's tumor measured 1 foot ( 30 centimeters ) long and 1 foot wide , according to a study describing the tumors published online in November in the Journal of Fish Diseases .
`` This was a very unusual sight as we have never before seen a [ great ] white shark with tumors , '' said Rachel Robbins , a study co-author and shark biologist at the Fox Shark Research Foundation , near Adelaide , in southern Australia .
In total , scientists have now documented tumors in at least 23 species of sharks , including the two in the new study , Robbins said . `` The main take-home message from the study is that it adds to the growing evidence of tumor formation in sharks , contrary to popular belief that sharks do not suffer from such anomalies , '' Robbins told LiveScience .
`` Sharks get cancer , '' said Shiffman , who was n't involved in the study . `` Even if they did n't get cancer , eating shark products wo n't cure cancer any more than me eating Michael Jordan would make me better at basketball . ''
The belief that shark cartilage can treat cancer diverts patients from effective treatments , according to a 2004 review in the journal Cancer Research . The demand for cartilage also fuels widespread fishing for sharks . One in six known species of sharks , rays and skates are considered threatened with extinction by the International Union for Conservation of Nature , an environmental group , Shiffman said .
It 's unknown what caused the tumors in the great white or bronzer shark . However , reports of cancerous tumors in marine animals , especially mammals , have steadily increased over the past 20 years , raising concerns that industrial pollutants or human activities may trigger the cancers , according to the study . Beluga whales have been recorded to suffer from cancer , and in areas near aluminum smelting plants , cancer is the second leading killer of the whales , the study noted .
Email Douglas Main or follow them on Twitter or Google+ . Article originally on LiveScience .
Copyright 2013 LiveScience , a TechMediaNetwork company . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The latest Republican bill to repeal Obamacare would be the most brutal cut to child health care in modern politics . Republicans plan to spend only 90 seconds debating it on the Senate floor .
In their latest Obamacare repeal attempt , Republicans have made clear that they do not care about regular order or Senate tradition , and are blowing up the schedule to get the nightmarish Graham-Cassidy bill passed .
Senate Republicans have organized a couple of sham hearings , but will move forward without a full CBO score and no time to mark up or amend the bill .
Even more shocking , due to the way they have forced the bill through the reconciliation process , they will only be allowing 90 seconds of debate on the Senate floor .
Rushing any significant legislation like this is bad enough , but to do so when the primary victims will be children is utterly cruel .
Graham-Cassidy 's main provision is to end the Medicaid expansion , institute per-capita caps , and distribute funding as block grants to states . The effect would be to cut hundreds of billions of dollars from the program , and transfer much of what is left from blue states to red states .
Medicaid provides health care to 30 million children , and half of all births are covered by the program . Cuts this deep would force states to kick millions of kids and new mothers off their coverage .
Furthermore , Medicaid also funds occupational and speech therapy for millions of special needs students in public schools all across the country . These programs would be cut in droves if Medicaid funding falls , further hurting the most vulnerable .
In fact , the latest repeal push could hurt millions of kids even if the bill does not pass .
Little Lobbyists , an organization that advocates on behalf of children with complex medical needs , called the bill “ terrifying . ”
“ This bill is looking to cut all of the safety provisions in place for families across the country , ” said Austin Carrigg , a parent with the group , in a statement to Shareblue Media .
“ So many of us we have wondered if our children would have a tomorrow , which makes these moments all the more important , ” Carrigg continued . “ Give them the chance to just be kids ! ”
Senate Republicans have until Sept. 30 to pass all reconciliation bills , including reauthorization of the Children 's Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) . If Republicans take too long on Graham-Cassidy , they will not have enough time to get CHIP to the floor , and 9 million kids covered by the program could lose insurance .
The idea that Republicans would even want to debate something as monstrous as pulling health care from millions of poor children is bad enough . That they think they can debate it in less than two minutes is beyond terrifying .
After that complaint , Mr. Mohn said , they put out a memo asking anyone who had experienced or witnessed any questionable behavior to contact NPR . “ No one stepped forward , ” they said .
Mr. Mohn batted back any suggestion that NPR had not taken action against Mr. Oreskes until after The Post published its article . But they acknowledged that NPR could have done more .
“ Clearly , we did n't do everything we could , because it did n't result in the right answer , ” they said . “ But to suggest we were not doing anything or we were not acting appropriately or that we were doing nothing is false . ”
They said a new , internal case involving Mr. Oreskes 's dealings with a current employee came to light after the reports were published , which led them to put Mr. Oreskes on leave on Tuesday and then ask for their resignation .
Mr. Oreskes 's career in journalism stretches back some 40 years . They started at The Daily News , where they were labor editor and City Hall bureau chief . They joined The Times in 1981 , and held many jobs in two decades at the paper , including chief political correspondent and deputy managing editor .
They have also won three Emmy Awards as a producer of documentaries and has served on the boards of the American Society of News Editors , City University of New York Graduate School of Journalism and Columbia Journalism Review . ( He resigned from the journalism school 's board on Wednesday . They remain on the boards of the editors ' organization and C.J.R . )
Mr. Oreskes , 63 , is the latest powerful media figure to face accusations of sexual harassment . Since reports began to surface several weeks ago involving allegations of sexual harassment and assault by the entertainment tycoon Harvey Weinstein , the floodgates seem to have opened .
In recent days , harassment accusations have led to the sudden professional downfalls of the prominent political journalist Mark Halperin ; the longtime New Republic literary editor Leon Wieseltier ; Hamilton Fish , the president and publisher of The New Republic ; and Roy Price , a top executive at Amazon .
CLEVELAND -- The Indians have optioned struggling starting third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall to Triple-A Columbus .
Chisenhall , who was given the everyday job in spring training , is batting .213 with three home runs and 11 RBIs . Chisenhall went 0 for 3 on Sunday with two strikeouts in a win at Detroit and is hitless in their last 11 at-bats .
The Indians had high hopes for the 24-year-old Chisenhall , who split time between Cleveland and Columbus last season . They batted .268 in 43 games for the Indians .
The team brought up left-hander David Huff before playing a traditional doubleheader Monday against the New York Yankees .
Mark Reynolds , who has played at first and designated hitter , started at third in the opener . The Indians can also use utility man Mike Aviles at third .
For Bengals fans , the 2015 season ended in disappointment as the team fumbled away yet another opportunity to win a playoff game . But , up until that point , it was an incredibly exciting season in which the team finished with a regular season record tied for the franchise 's best ever ( 12-4 ) . One particular player who had an impressive season was running back Giovani Bernard , who finished with the most yards per run of any running back with at least 150 touches on the season ( 4.7 ) .
Heading into training camp , there are a few things that the Bengals really need to focus on in order to improve upon a very exciting 2015 season . Recently , I sat down with Bernard to talk about their perspective and expectations for the upcoming season .
`` I think camp is going to be a time when guys can step up and prove themselves , including myself , '' Bernard said . `` It 's an opportunity for guys to take that next step . I think we have a lot of players on the team who can do that . So , it 's going to be a fun year . ''
The Bengals have expressed a collective goal of winning the Super Bowl this year , and Bernard is no different .
`` We have the same goals every year , '' Bernard said , `` That 's : win our division , win the conference , win the Super Bowl . ''
The Super Bowl is the ultimate goal for nearly every NFL player each season , so , it 's not a huge surprise to hear them throwing that out . But , Bernard is confident the Super Bowl is a realistic goal for Cincinnati .
`` Yeah , man , '' they said . `` I think that you just got ta buy in . ''
Fans are buying in , coaches are buying in and players are buying in . Now , it 's time to prove it on the field that the Bengals can get past the first weekend of the playoffs and make a deep run .
Bernard has a very positive perspective on the team 's chances going forward and how the offseason changes will play out , specifically with new offensive coordinator Ken Zampese .
`` Obviously we have a new OC , so we have to buy into what he 's telling us . So , once we do that , once we play together , once we fill in some pieces , we 'll be fine , '' Bernard said . `` Coach Zamp is a good dude . He 's been a behind the scenes guy for a while . But , I think this is their time to get their name out there even more . Obviously , their name 's already out there . For the everyday Joe that does n't know Coach Zamp , they 'll know who they are after the season . It 'll be neat . ''
In addition to Zampese , there are a lot of new additions to the team this year , including some very talented rookies . Bernard , in particular , is one player who really made the most of their rookie season and broke out in impressive fashion . Despite being the No . 2 running back behind BenJarvus Green-Ellis , they managed to put up 170 rushes for 695 yards and five touchdowns . They also caught 56 passes for 514 receiving yards and three more touchdowns .
Bernard also had one particular Barry Sanders-esque run that year against the Miami Dolphins , which many fans still remember to this day and will continue to remember for years to come .
Unfortunately , the Bengals lost that game in overtime and lost Geno Atkins for the season , but , it was still a special moment for Bernard .
`` That was back at home , in Florida , '' Bernard said . `` I played at that stadium my first-year student year in high school in the state championships against Lakeland . That 's just home to me . ''
It was a great run and a great season for Bernard , so I was curious as to who exactly they thought had the opportunity to break out in their rookie season the same way they did . They did n't exactly give me a unique answer , but it was an encouraging one nonetheless .
`` One of the guys I 've been hearing about that I have n't really seen , we have n't even really been in pads yet , is Andrew Billings , '' they said , `` He 's an animal . You can kind of see that when we do n't have pads . Obviously , it 's hard to see when we 're running around in shorts . Once we put the pads on , we 'll see . But , I 'm sure he 'll handle their own and he 'll do fine . He 'll definitely be a force in the middle . ''
Bernard , who seems very excited for the season , wanted the fans to understand just how good this team , this year , has the potential to be .
`` Every single one , '' Bernard said of which games he 's most excited about this year . `` Including , the season opener in New York against the Jets . I 'll see you there . ''
Hearing one of the most well-known and best players on the Bengals get so excited about the direction in which the team is heading , it 's hard to not get on board with their enthusiasm . Their final message for the fans pretties much embodied that entire sentiment .
`` We 've got some things to prove , got some things to change up , '' they said . `` It 's going to be a fun year . ''
They often scowl when photographed in public .
But Kanye West insists that their typically glum appearance is a tribute to the 'cool ' expressions seen during the late 19th-century .
The 37-year-old revealed on Thursday at The Daily Front Row 's inaugural Fashion Los Angeles Awards at the Sunset Tower Hotel that they refuse to smile for the camera , despite being happy , after taking inspiration from a history book they found in a Parisian flea market .
Scroll down for video
Smiling on the inside : Kanye West revealed on Thursday at The Daily Front Row 's inaugural Fashion Los Angeles Awards that they look glum in photos because they were inspired by the images of the 1800s realism art movement
Glum : The 37-year-old flashed their usual 'smile on the inside ' at LAX in November
'Back when I was working on Yeezus , I saw this book from the 1800s and it was velvet-covered with brass and everything , ' the Gold Digger rapper said while presenting an award to Milk Studios founder Mazdack Rassi .
' I looked at all these people 's photos and they look so real and their outfits were incredible and they were n't smiling and people , you know the paparazzi , always come up to me , `` Why are you not smiling ? '' and I think , not smiling makes me smile .
'When you see paintings in an old castle , people are not smiling because it just would n't look as cool . '
Happy : The rapper posed alongside the night 's honoree Jeremy Scott and Miley Cyrus
The father of 19-month-old daughter North West wore a satin champagne-colored blazer over a white graphic T-shirt , black trousers and black shoes .
The outspoken rapper attended the event without their wife Kim Kardashian , and went on to give a fervent speech akin to a sermon , saying that they believe fashion is God 's work .
'In my opinion , God is the number one creator , and anytime we create , we 're an extension of doing their work on earth .
'That 's why we 're here . What can we do for humanity ? And you know , in a way , fashion is what defines the time .
God 's work : The rapper gave an eight-minute-long speech in which they stated that fashion is the work of God
Famous faces : Miley Cyrus , Jeremy Scott , Rihanna , Katy Perry , Kanye West and Mazdack Rassi sat front row
'Everyone has some form of fashion every single day . We have the power to change the world . I believe that through design , because design is the closest to truth , problem-solving truth is the closest to love , and love is the closest thing to God , and God is love . '
They added : 'Everyone is a fashion insider . It 's illegal to be naked . '
Nearly eight minutes after speaking , the hitmaker finally exhausted theirs tongue .
' I do n't know if I even made one f * * * ing good point , ' they said , ending with a wide smile .
Other celebrity presenters included Miley Cyrus , Katy Perry , Rihanna , Kerry Washington , Drew Barrymore , Nicole Richie , Ciara , Rachel Zoe and Minka Kelly .
“ SchwarmStrom ” ( literally , “ swarm power ” )
An ambitious project was unveiled in Germany on Wednesday to install mini gas-fired power plants in people 's basements and produce as much electricity as two nuclear reactors within a year .
The Hamburg-based renewable energy group Lichtblick and its automaker partner Volkswagen say the plants would produce not only heating and hot water but also electricity , with any excess power fed into the local grid .
The two firms said the concept of “ SchwarmStrom ” ( literally , “ swarm power ” ) would allow Germany to abandon nuclear and coal power stations sooner and help compensate for the volatility of renewables like wind and solar power .
The plants also reduce harmful carbon dioxide emissions by up to 60 percent compared to conventional heat and electricity generation , they added in a joint statement .
In the coming year the programme will install 100,000 of the mini plants , producing between them 2,000 megawatts of electricity , the same as two nuclear plants , Lichtblick and VW said .
“ SchwarmStrom is revolutionising power production in Germany . It clears the way for more renewable energy and an exit from power from nuclear and coal , ” the statement added .
“ The home power plants together form a huge , invisible power station that does n't make the countryside ugly or require additional infrastructure . ”
The project “ is thoroughly feasible if the project reaches the forecast size , ” Claudia Kemfert of the DIW research institute told AFP .
They added by way of comparison that “ just getting rid of incandescent light bulbs would be the same as shutting down one nuclear reactor . ”
Gas plants have an advantage over nuclear power stations in that the heat produced by the latter is wasted , the DIW energy expert said .
But “ the most ecological would be to feed these mini-plants with biogas ” rather than natural gas , Kemfert noted .
Lichtblick said another advantage of its plan was that tens of thousands of generators could be mobilised to meet a surge in demand or if drought made it hard to cool nuclear plants or a calm spell idled wind turbines .
VW will contribute to the project by providing a gas-powered engine similar to one used in its popular Golf model .
But LBBW auto analyst Stefan Sigrist told AFP : “ This is mainly a marketing offensive . It is chic for VW to bask in a greener light . ”
Although the generators are not a new concept , the project is novel in that Lichtblick would retain control over the plants after their installation .
Households would pay around 5,000 euros ( 7,250 dollars ) to have the generators set up along with an appropriate heating system .
But individuals would then pay a lower price for heating and receive a modest “ rent ” for hosting the generator , as well as a bonus at the end of the year calculated on electricity revenues that resulted from Lichtblick 's sales .
Via Physorg.com
HERITIER Lumumba grew up being called vile names — and they say the racist attacks continued into adulthood when they were playing for one of the AFL 's biggest teams .
Lumumba — who played under the name Harry O'Brien — made the startling claims recently ahead of a documentary lifting the lid on what they say is an underbelly of racism at Collingwood .
In the film , titled Fair Game , Lumumba describes the team as a “ boys ' club for racist and sexist jokes ” and accuses head coach Nathan Buckley of lacking “ emotional intelligence ” .
The documentary was screened last week on SBS .
In an interview with Waleed Aly on The Project on Tuesday , Lumumba appeared close to tears as they repeated the allegations .
“ You can imagine going in to your workplace and every day you 're being reminded , I guess , of your oppression . When I was younger I was n't aware of that but over time it had a compounding effect… If I were to say some of the jokes , you would be appalled , ” they told Aly .
The Pies ' 2010 premiership player also said their stand against president Eddie McGuire 's 2013 racist radio joke towards Adam Goodes ultimately led to their departure from the club .
“ All of a sudden I was getting a call from Eddie , they were saying ‘ why did n't you say something ? '… I said ‘ if you do n't understand why I would be offended with this and why I would separate myself from this , why I would refuse to stay silent on this , then you know there 's an issue here ' . ”
Lumumba said they believed the club should have distanced itself from McGuire after the radio incident , accusing them of “ inaction ” and “ ignorance ” for not doing so .
“ To me that is a huge indictment on any organisation if they do n't know how to deal with something as simple as that . ”
In the documentary , Heritier claimed during their time at Collingwood they had been called the racist nickname ‘ Chimp ' . But that has been denied by coach Nathan Buckley , and no other player or club figure has confirmed they ever heard that word —or other racist names — being spoken to Lumumba .
They said “ players ” at Collingwood called them ‘ Chimp ' , but refused to say who .
“ Lets say .. I 'm not prepared to isolate or single out any players by name but there were a considerable amount of players for it to be a daily occurrence . ”
Asked by Aly if Collingwood 's denials of racist attacks was misleading they replied : “ Absolutely ” .
When pressed by Aly on why no one associated with the club would support their claim , they said they would be surprised “ if a majority of the players were n't aware of the racist jokes or the nickname ” .
“ You have to understand the situation players are in… to speak out against a club that in many ways you feel as though you owe… it 's a very difficult thing to do ” .
It was a culture that “ normalised racist jokes ” , they said .
Lumumba grew emotional when they spoke about growing up with racist taunts , and as they reflected they were still being used against them and young people to this day .
“ You know what 's heartbreaking Waleed ? I am seeing the same things happen to me .. that happened to me when I was in primary school , playing football , that are happening to my nieces , happening to my younger siblings . This traumatises people . It affects you in a horrible way . You have to claw your humanity ... you have to put the pieces of your humanity back . ”
Retried AFL star Héritier Lumumba reflects on the systemic racism present in both football and society . # TheProjectTV pic.twitter.com/poKXWS4t06 — The Project ( @ theprojecttv ) September 12 , 2017
In a statement , the Collingwood Football Club said the entire club was “ committed to understanding better the experiences of players and racism , on the field or beyond the boundary ” .
“ Collingwood has reached out to Héritier , and we are very keen to listen and learn from their experiences . Constructive discussions on race and cultural understanding are always welcome . ”
The statement continued : “ The club has been seeking an opportunity not only to talk with Héritier but to share with them the significant work Collingwood is doing to educate all of its people .
“ Héritier , as a former player , will always be welcome at Collingwood . We expect that should they return they will discover a club committed to the goal of constant betterment in all that it does . ”
Once again , a Facebook post has gotten a teacher into trouble .
The Paterson , N.J. , school district suspended a first-grade teacher Friday to investigate charges from parents that they wrote on Facebook about feeling like a “ warden ” and referred to their students as future criminals , the Record newspaper reports .
“ We are seeing more of these cases , ” says Francisco Negrón , general counsel of the National School Boards Association .
Whether or not a district has a specific social media policy , they say , “ the question is one about teacher judgment. ” District officials will need to consider the details , but the types of comments alleged in this case “ show not only bad judgment , but are also hurtful to students and simply inappropriate . ”
Paterson school board president Theodore Best told the Record : “ You ca n't simply fire someone for what they have on a Facebook page ; but if that spills over and affects the classroom , then you can take action . ”
In February , the suspension of Pennsylvania high school teacher Natalie Munroe for Facebook posts about unnamed students sparked widespread debate about what 's appropriate when teachers use social media .
These cases are “ emblematic of a very large social shift that 's taking place in the age of social media ... [ where ] the boundary between work and home is not nearly as distinct as it used to be , ” says Lee Rainie , director of the Pew Internet & American Life Project .
When people used to complain about their jobs over the backyard fence it usually stayed between neighbors , but when such comments are placed on a social media page , people need to realize they probably have a much larger audience than they intend , they say . “ It 's a public act . ”
School board president Mr. Best told the Record that they received messages from local NAACP members and others worried about the teacher 's comments .
The local teachers union told the Record that the suspended teacher will be provided with an attorney .
Plasma engines ca n't get us to space yet , but they are extremely useful in that they can deliver a large thrust with very little fuel . The plasma engines do their job , but they have plenty of room for improvement . Now , a team at Tohoku University have cracked one of its problems .
Plasma is made of charged particles , which means it can be manipulated with magnetic fields . However , this sophisticated type of engine uses a magnetic nozzle , which was n't working as expected . In a paper published in Physical Review Letters , Kazunori Takahashi and Akira Ando have worked out how to overcome the issue .
The magnetic nozzle helps to compress the plasma so that it can reach a higher velocity as it leaves the engine . Unfortunately , the magnetic field is shaped in such a way that the plasma curves back in on itself and ends up producing a net thrust of zero .
The proposed solution was to stretch the field lines in such a way that the plasma can escape into space in a very narrow direction . But changing the magnetic field of a plasma engine is not an easy task . In this case , the plasma itself was useful in changing it .
Moving charged particles generate a magnetic field , so the Japanese researchers used the plasma to change the overall magnetic field of the system . With this approach , the team was able to create and observe the stretching magnetic field .
The variation was just a few percent of the magnetic field created in the nozzle , but this is a solid first step in addressing the bigger issue in this type of plasma engine . Researchers also discovered that the stretching field can be obtained by expelling particles at a lower velocity than expected .
The research bridges a significant gap in knowledge between plasma out there in the universe and what we have tested in the lab . Most matter in the universe is in a plasma state , although it 's rare here on Earth . Understanding plasma better is more than just for space exploration .
Missions like Dawn , which is studying Ceres , have already used the emission of charged particles to propel themselves . There is still a lot to do before a plasma engine with this stretch field becomes commonplace in deep space vehicles , but we are ( slowly ) getting there .
Previa
En la primavera de este año Jorge Coto “ Tiberio ” nos pidió a Pablo y a mí un artículo que tratara la arquería desde una perspectiva del jugador de rol y el artículo del que hoy traemos la primera parte se publicó en el número 6 de la revista Crítico en la sección “ El rincón de los expertos ” . Dado que teníamos la posibilidad de publicarlo nosotros al cabo de un tiempo , aquí lo dejamos , una primera parte sobre la historia , los tipos de arcos y flechas y su fabricación y una segunda parte sobre el combate y habilidades con arcos .
Introducción
Nos gustaría ser capaces de resumir en este artículo las claves más importantes que tanto jugadores y directores de juego deberían considerar para tener la oportunidad de representar fielmente la disciplina de la arquería en juegos de temática fantástica medieval en donde el nivel tecnológico que se representa se puede equiparar al existente en nuestra saga realidad hasta los siglos XII-XV .
Creemos que puede ser interesante no tanto como una guía para el aficionado simulacionista que persigue la máxima fidelidad de lo jugado con una realidad plausible sino como una oportunidad para rolear y disfrutar más un apartado de estos juegos que muchas veces queda equiparado a un arma más y a ser tratada como una opción general de “ ataque con proyectiles ” sin muchos matices .
Por motivos de economía de espacio se han omitido numerosos detalles y justificaciones que harían duplicar o triplicar fácilmente la extensión del texto .
Historia del arco
Arqueros persas – Fuente : Wikipedia
El arco es un arma presente desde hace miles de años . Los primeros indicios de su uso aparecen en la prehistoria entre el Paleolítico Superior y el Mesolítico y se encuentran por todos los continentes excepto en Australia . Los arcos más antiguos que se conservan se encontraron en Dinamarca , están fabricados con madera de olmo y miden alrededor de 1.50 m. Además , por toda Europa hay restos de flechas y puntas hechas de piedra , de metal o incluso afilando la propia madera .
A partir del Neolítico se piensa que el arco cobra gran importancia como un arma de lucha . Ya que además de los restos de puntas de flecha o heridas , hay representaciones que parecen apuntar a un uso bélico del arco .
En el inicio del período histórico el arco sigue cobrando relevancia como arma . Encontramos por ejemplo , que en la Edad del Bronce , una de las momias más famosas , Ötzi , murió por una herida de flecha . En este período también se usa el arco como arma disparada desde carros de guerra en Europa y Asia y los nómadas de Eurasia empiezan a usarlo desde monturas .
El arco como arma de guerra está presente en las grandes civilizaciones que conocemos . Aparece en representaciones artísticas de persas , partos , indios , chinos , etc . En el antiguo Egipto su uso está muy extendido tanto para la caza como la guerra con representaciones de arqueros en los murales de templos y también se encuentran pruebas de su uso en las culturas asiria y babilonia .
En las civilizaciones clásicas , el arco sigue siendo un arma relevante . En Grecia hay dos dioses relacionados con el arco ; Apolo y Artemisa . Además hay referencias históricas sobre su presencia en los ejércitos de Alejandro Magno . En época romana el arco dentro del ejército va cobrando más importancia a medida que crecía el Imperio .
Durante la Edad Media el arco es especialmente famoso por haber sido un arma decisiva en las batallas de Crécy o Agincourt en las que los longbows ingleses ocupan una posición estelar y muchos hemos leído las historias sobre la increíble potencia de los arcos que se usaron o el entrenamiento de los arqueros desde la infancia .
Batalla de Agincourt – Fuente : Wikipedia
A partir de la aparición de las armas de fuego el uso del arco va poco a poco desapareciendo como arma de guerra . Obviamente este abandono no es uniforme de modo que en cada región su abandono está determinado por el momento en el que se tiene acceso a esta nueva tecnología bélica o por las restricciones en el uso de armas de fuego , por ejemplo en las Highlands de Escocia tras las rebeliones Jacobitas o entre las tribus norteamericanas .
De modo que salvo excepciones regionales o en poblaciones aisladas el uso del arco se fue perdiendo para la mayor parte de la población . A partir del s. XVIII la arquería se vuelve a poner de moda entre la nobleza de Inglaterra y empiezan a celebrarse eventos de aire “ medieval ” . Un dato de interés es que durante esta época el tiro con arco era una actividad muy popular entre las mujeres de la alta sociedad .
Tras las guerras Napoleónicas , el tiro con arco se populariza y adquiere el halo romántico y tradicional que tan de moda estaba en Europa en esa época .
Tiro con arco olímpico – Fuente : olympic.orgFinalmente , desde mediados del siglo XIX el arco se ha ido transformando en un arma asociada con el deporte y desde 1900 es una disciplina olímpica . Por todo el mundo el tiro con arco se ha popularizado aún más y se han ido aplicando mejoras tecnológicas en su fabricación y diseño .
Tipos de arcos
Los arcos no son de un solo tipo . Existe variedad en su forma , su construcción y su propósito . Vamos a destacar solo los más relevantes para el caso que nos ocupa .
Algunos tipos de arcos – Fuente : Archery Guides
Atendiendo a su forma , existen arcos rectos ( el cuerpo central y las palas del arco siguen un sólo ángulo ) , recurvos ( las palas se recurvan hacia el dorso del arco , alejado de la cuerda ) y de serpiente ( arcos que siguen la forma sinuosa del tronco del que se extrajeron ) . La geometría de las palas puede añadir más variedad , pueden ser en forma cilíndrica , en forma de D o planas , y así podríamos seguir con otros parámetros . La construcción , simplificando enormemente , puede ser simple o compuesta . Simple se refiere a que todo el arco se saca de una sola pieza de madera mientras que compuesto describe los arcos que se construyen pegando capas o láminas de maderas u otros materiales hasta conformar un objeto compacto que usa las propiedades mecánicas de todos sus componentes . Finalmente , el propósito tiene un papel fundamental . Hay arcos para cazar al acecho o rececho en un bosque , para lanzar flechas a un ejército a cien metros , para poder disparar desde un caballo al galope , etc . Las combinaciones de todos estos factores son innumerables . Uno no simplemente tiene un arco , tiene un arma que ha sido diseñada para responder a muchos interrogantes o necesidades .
Por ejemplo , entre un arco pequeño ( ~130 cm ) , recurvo , de palas planas para cazar aves o pequeños animales en un bosque y un arco de guerra ( ~200 cm ) , recto y palas en D para lanzar flechas a 100 metros hay una diferencia tal que intercambiar los arcos entre los arqueros supondría convertir a expertos en inútiles .
Arco daédrico en Skyrim – Fuente : elderscrolls.wikia.com/
En los juegos de rol de temática fantástica-medieval solemos ver una sobresimplificación de todos estos factores ( tenemos dos o tres tipos de arcos ) mientras que se exageran los atributos ornamentales o visuales en las ilustraciones que acompañan las páginas ( múltiples materiales , protuberancias , palas curvadas en ángulos casi imposibles , etc ) . Siendo el arco un arma que puede dar tanto juego sorprende que sistemáticamente se propaguen conceptos que le hacen un flaco favor .
Fabricación de arcos y flechas
Vamos a detenernos un momento en la fabricación de los arcos y las flechas , que siguen procesos completamente distintos , algo que la mayoría de la gente desconoce .
Fabricación de arcos – Fuente : www.ancestralknowledge.org
El arco simple , fabricado a partir de una pieza de un tronco de madera ( nunca de una rama ) que tras un secado tiene una humedad relativa de menos del 20 % , es el más sencillo de construir . Es una labor de carpintería y requiere herramientas de este oficio como son hachas , cuchillos y diversos soportes y mesas . No vale cualquier madera ya que no todas las maderas resuelven bien los retos mecánicos de la compresión y descompresión del arco . El arco compuesto , aunque se considera contemporáneo , era habitual en algunas culturas asiáticas del medievo que no tenían acceso a la madera pero sí al cuerno de los animales y que preparaban en láminas para luego encolarlas con colágenos naturales . Fabricar un arco simple , por ejemplo , puede llevar a una persona con esa habilidad , entre una jornada o dos de trabajo mientras que uno compuesto puede llevar muchos más días .
Aplicabilidad en el rol ¿Tiene un arquero el conocimiento de fabricarse su propio arco ? No necesariamente . Fabricar arcos requiere una técnica depurada y mucha prueba y error . Un arco puede durar años y un arquero , al no tener la necesidad de sustituirlo con frecuencia , no habría desarrollado la técnica para ello . No es descartable pero ser un buen arquero no supone ser un buen fabricante de arcos .
¿Hasta qué punto el origen cultural de un arquero puede afectar al arco al que acostumbra a tirar o la madera de la que está hecha ? Enormemente . El arco es una herramienta con un propósito muy claro que debe maximizar el éxito en determinadas circunstancias . La cultura originaria de un personaje podría explicar el tipo de arco . Asimismo , el tipo de material ( fundamentalmente madera ) puede variar entre localizaciones . Aun teniendo en cuenta que el comercio de madera puede influir en la disponibilidad de estos materiales en lugares alejados de determinada flora , típicamente los arcos se fabrican con materiales accesibles . Maderas como la del tejo , el fresno o el bambú tienen propiedades diferentes que afectan a cómo se tratan para fabricar un arco y qué tipos de arco pueden llegar a realizarse con buenos resultados . El jugador podría hacer un breve estudio de historia o geografía comparada con la cultura de origen de su personaje y añadir algo de trasfondo al arco que porta .
Puntas medievales – Fuente : Wikipedia
Las flechas suponen un trabajo muy diferente y no competen al fabricante de arcos . Se componen de punta , vástago o astil , plumas , culatín e hilo y pegamento donde se requiera . Se emplean muchos materiales y técnicas diferentes para cada componente como para que una sola persona domine todo el proceso . Las puntas de metal requieren conocimientos de herrería , los vástagos de carpintería ( también se extraen de troncos , nunca de ramas ) , las plumas y su corte es otra técnica , etc .
Aplicabilidad en el rol ¿Tiene un arquero el conocimiento de fabricarse sus propias flechas ? Probablemente , no . De hecho , es un trabajo mucho más complejo y menos agradecido ( después de mucho trabajo sólo tienes una flecha ) que el del arco . Por poner un ejemplo de nuestra historia , muchos arqueros ingleses de la Guerra de los Cien Años llegaban a fabricarse sus propios arcos estando en territorio francés pero nunca las flechas , que esperaban con ansiedad siempre en los transportes durante las campañas de guerra . Esto quiere decir que un personaje arquero se proveerá de flechas capturadas a enemigos o adquiridas a un fabricante . Existe una forma de simplificar el proceso que sí podría hacer que un arquero pudiera , en momentos de necesidad , fabricarse sus propias flechas y es eliminar la punta de piedra , hueso o metal y simplemente conificar la punta y endurecerla con fuego . Naturalmente , esta flecha sólo sería efectiva ante objetivos con muy escasa protección y el arquero debería practicar un tiro con una flecha con menor peso en la punta ( o compensarlo anudando hilo cerca de la punta ) . Adicionalmente , no todas las puntas de flecha sirven el mismo propósito . Las de púas o alas ( la forma que todos solemos imaginar ) penetran muy bien en la carne o en armaduras ligeras y son difíciles de sacar mientras que las de tipo bodkin , muy afiladas en una única punta , buscan concentrar la fuerza en un punto para atravesar armaduras mucho más pesadas . Un arquero típicamente tendrá un surtido de ambas .
Puedes continuar con la segunda y última parte aquí .
The Chemical Brothers – Go ( Claude VonStroke Remix )
Last week , The Chemical Brothers released their eighth studio album , Born In the Echoes , to an overwhelmingly positive critical reception . Now , however , the fun is just getting started . Ahead of performance dates at HARD Summer , Creamfields , Electric Zoo and more , the big beat legends are rolling out some finely-tuned remixes of their album singles .
Today , The Chemical Bros unveiled the newest piece of the puzzle : Claude VonStroke 's official remix of “ Go. ” It 's hard to fathom the awesomeness of such an occurrence . Melding the creative tendencies of Dirtybird 's head honcho with new material from The Chemical Brothers is about as cool as things get these days .
As you 'd expect from VonStroke 's recent studio output , their remix of “ Go ” is dexterously on point . Constructing a tight-knit , hip hop-savvy drum kit , it bellows with low bass rumbles and ticking percussion , providing the perfect foundation for Q-Tip 's well-cut vocal lines .
The full “ Go ” remix bundle is available on Spotify now .
Read More :
The Chemical Brothers team up with Beck for ‘ Wide Open '
Claude VonStroke tells us how to get signed to dirtybird — or rather , how not to get signed
Categories : Music
Pittsburgh is a pretty good place to talk about why reliable infrastructure matters , said Dennis Yablonsky , CEO of the Allegheny Conference on Community Development .
“ Last week we had a lock and dam failure . Fortunately it was short , but there was a lot of panic going on related to the level of commerce , ” they said , before ticking off this fall 's closure of the Liberty Bridge , a main artery for the city , a lack of natural gas distribution infrastructure , combined sewer overflows into the rivers when it rains . These are all infrastructure problems that affect the state 's ability to compete for business , Yablonsky said .
They were speaking at an infrastructure roundtable organized by the Pennsylvania Manufacturers ' Association , the Greater Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce , and the National Association of Manufacturers .
The discussion was intended to highlight the importance of Pennsylvania 's transportation and energy systems , but it began with acknowledging the elephant in the room : President-elect Trump has said he 'll prioritize infrastructure , but it 's hard to say for sure how it will play out .
Congressman Mike Doyle ( D-Forest Hills ) said while he 's encouraged by Trump 's support for a comprehensive infrastructure investment program , he 's concerned by the proposed funding mechanism : by providing tax breaks to private investors .
“ What that incentivizes is profitable projects . What the plan does n't do is fund projects like municipal water systems , or bridges that do n't charge tolls , ” they said .
Richard Stanizzo is business manager for the Pittsburgh Regional Building Trades Council . They said without support from Congress , nothing would happen .
“ Let 's get down to the nitty gritty , ” they said . “ If we 're going to be concerned with the moving forward of the American people , they have to sit down in a room and figure it out . ”
In 2014 , Pennsylvania led the nation in structurally deficient bridges and combined sewer overflows ; it would take an estimated $ 28 billion just to get our water systems up to snuff . Doyle said the piecemeal infrastructure funding provided by the federal government is really just robbing Peter to pay Paul . And they 've run out of Peters .
“ Obviously , we 're the large funder of projects nationwide , and we need predictability and we need a reliable funding source , ” they said .
Ultimately , members of Congress will have to convince their constituents that spending money to fix roads and bridges is good for the country 's future , Doyle said .
“ When people can connect the dots between what the tax is being levied , and what it 's for , and how it 's going to be spent , I think it 's easier to build support for that . ”
Pennsylvania Manufacturers ' Association president David Taylor is hopeful . They say Trump 's support for domestic energy bodes well for the state : building out energy infrastructure such as pipelines will seed other infrastructure projects such as rail and roads , and will spur companion manufacturing investments , Taylor said . They pointed to the decision of Shell Chemical Appalachia to build an ethane cracker plant in the region .
“ This is going to be the beginning of decades of investment and growth and jobs in western Pennsylvania , but it 's only going to come to pass if we have the kind of infrastructure that makes it possible to get it to market , ” they said . “ This really is the golden hour . If we falter now , we 're going to miss out on what should really be ours : the Pennsylvania deployment of this Pennsylvania resource . ”
He 's concerned the state will founder if decisive action is n't taken . “ We 're already losing out , ” they said , noting that chemical corporation Braskem America , Inc. located its new , $ 500 million polypropylene facility in Texas instead of Philadelphia , largely because the region could n't offer the same quick access to feedstock .
Cardinal women hold off scrappy Northridge 73-60
This was no Saturday afternoon picnic for the Stanford women . For much of the game , nothing came easily for the Cardinal .
Fortunately for them , Taylor Greenfield retained their magic from the Pac-12 Tournament . They spearheaded a 14-0 run in the second half that sparked them to a 73-60 win over Cal State Northridge in the first round of the NCAA Oklahoma City regional at Maples Pavilion .
The outsized but scrappy Matadors , the Big West Tournament champions , led at the half by one and by six early in the second half .
But Stanford ( 25-9 ) was too big and too good in the end , allowing coach Tara VanDerveer to chalk up win No . 800 in their career on the Farm .
The 4-seed Cardinal move on to play Monday at 3:30 p.m. against 5-seed Oklahoma , which ended Quinnipiac 's 21-game winning streak in a 111-84 rout .
The Sooners ( 21-11 ) had six players in double figures , led by first-year student Gabbi Ortiz with 16 . Their reserves scored 61 points . Jasmine Martin had 14 points for the Bobcats ( 31-4 ) .
Ashlee Guay , CSUN 's all-time leader in points , assists and steals , scored 27 points to keep the game close until the final 90 seconds . They hit three straight baskets to cut the Stanford lead to 60-04 with just under two minutes left .
Forward Taylor Greenfield ( 4 ) shoots over guard Randi Friess ( 22 ) in the second half on their way to a team-high 19 points . Forward Taylor Greenfield ( 4 ) shoots over guard Randi Friess ( 22 ) in the second half on their way to a team-high 19 points . Photo : Santiago Mejia / The Chronicle Photo : Santiago Mejia / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Cardinal women hold off scrappy Northridge 73-60 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
Lili Thompson , Bonnie Samuelson and Greenfield then led a parade of free throw shooters in the last minute and a half to clinch the surprisingly difficult win .
Greenfield reprised their excellent showing in the conference tournament with 199 points , and Thompson added 17 to pace Stanford .
Entering the second half , CSUN ( 23-10 ) held a surprising one-point lead . The Matadors kept the pressure on , opening a 36-30 lead after Cinnamon Lister thwarted a layup attempt by Thompson .
Stanford arose from its slumber , however . Jumpers by Thompson and Orrange , a leaner by Greenfield and a layup by Erica McCall pushed the Cardinal in front 38-36 .
After giving up a layup to Katelin King , barely beating the shot clock , to tie it 40-40 , the Cardinal got a three and a layup from Thompson , then a basket by Greenfield . That ignited a 14-0 run for a 54-40 lead as CSUN went through an 0-for-8 shooting drought .
Stanford jumped out to a 20-7 lead with the help of three treys by Samuelson . Then the Matadors came to life , and the Cardinal went cold .
A layup by Briana Roberson was Stanford 's only basket for the next 9 ½ minutes , as the Cardinal fans looked on in consternation .
Guay and Camille Mahlknecht were hitting , and Stanford seemed to be tightening up . After the Roberson basket , it missed eight straight shots and went scoreless for nearly eight minutes .
Tessa Boagni 's jumper put the Matadors in front 23-22 with just under five minutes left in the half . A Guay layup then completed a 13-0 Northridge run .
Finally , Thompson sank a layup , and Greenfield regained the lead with a jumper . The lead changed hands three more times before the end of the half , with Guay holding the ball for the last shot , then driving for a layup that sent CSUN into the locker room with a 29-28 edge .
The 800-win club
College basketball coaches — men 's or women 's — with 800 wins at a single Division I school
Patt Summitt ( Tennessee ) , 1,098
Mike Krzyzewski ( Duke ) , 940
Geno Auriemma ( Connecticut ) , 922
Dean Smith ( North Carolina ) , 879
Adolph Rupp ( Kentucky ) , 876
Andy Landers ( Georgia ) , 862
Jim Boeheim ( Syracuse ) , 858
Robin Selvig ( Montana ) , 845
Jim Phelan ( Mount St. Mary 's ) , 830
Tara VanDerveer ( Stanford ) , 800
High school seniors Nathan and Karen find a website with photos of children who are missing or believed abducted . One of the photos is of Nathan as a child , putting into question the identities of the couple whom he 's always called Mom and Dad . Contacting the site to learn more only results in Nathan becoming the target of an intense , high-tech , international manhunt . Before their `` parents '' can explain themselves , they are executed by hired guns , and Nathan is on the run with Karen in tow ( who just happened to be there at the wrong time ) . Phone use by either of them only connects directly to a man claiming to be C.I.A. , in whom they find reasons not to trust . With encroaching shootouts , car chases , hand-to-hand combat and explosions around them , this seems quite much for a mere case of child abduction , and Nathan can only rely on the wrestling , boxing and martial arts skills taught by their `` dad '' to protect both themselves and Karen as they follow a lead to find Martin , Nathan 's biological ... Written by statmanjeff
It 's not unusual for low clouds and haze to blanket northern India , just south of the Himalayas . You can see evidence of this in a gallery of satellite images we have accumulated over the years . But on December 7 , 2016 , the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA 's Terra satellite captured images of curious structures among the familiar cloud cover .
The first image shows a wide view of the clouds and smog trapped against the Himalayas . For the most part , the clouds appear white , although some areas are obscured with a dull gray haze . The second image shows a detailed view of clouds that appear uniquely mottled . The locations of the “ holes ” happen to coincide with cities , including India 's capital , New Delhi .
The cause of these features is a mystery . “ I would definitely say there is a connection with the cities , ” said Steve Lang , a research meteorologist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center . “ But without being there , we can only speculate that it could be due to either additional aerosols or urban heat islands , or both , having an effect on the clouds . ”
The holes appear similar to hole-punch clouds , which occur when super-cooled liquid clouds are disturbed , usually by the particles in airplane exhaust . The exhaust triggers a cascade of freezing : ice particles bump into liquid drops , and then larger ice particles literally fall out of the sky and leave behind a hole .
But Lang and colleagues checked other lines of evidence—different MODIS channels , local reports , and soundings—and think that these are water clouds ( essentially fog ) . It could be that the fog was burning off faster over the cities , which tend to be warmer than their surroundings .
“ Most likely , the urban heat island is added to the effects of the Sun as it burns off the fog , ” Lang said . “ It could also be that the fog was thinner over the cities to begin with due to the heat island effect . ”
Andrew Ackerman , a scientist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , agrees that aerosols could have played a role in forming the holes . They previously published research showing that clouds clear more quickly in the presence of dark , solar-absorbing haze over the Indian Ocean . Ackerman noted : “ The same physics would apply to more localized sources of solar-absorbing aerosols . ”
NASA Earth Observatory images by Jeff Schmaltz , using MODIS data from LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response . Caption by Kathryn Hansen , with image interpretation by Steve Lang , Toshihisa Matsui , and Stephen Nicholls .
Troubles are deepening for ITT Educational Services , with the U.S. Department of Education on Monday announcing stricter financial oversight and reporting requirements on the embattled for-profit chain .
In a letter to the company , the department cited federal fraud allegations against two ITT executives and the company 's “ failure of the general standards of financial responsibility ” in justifying its decision to tighten the screws .
The department already had placed the company under a tighter form of oversight , dubbed heightened cash monitoring . That form of sanction , and an additional 21-day freeze by the department on financial aid payments , toppled Corinthian Colleges , the for-profit chain that collapsed earlier this year . ITT landed on heightened cash monitoring last year for failing to file annual financial information on time .
ITT said last year it would default on credit agreements with banks if the feds imposed an aid freeze of at least five days on the company . Such a freeze does not appear to have occurred , according to the department 's latest letter .
However , the department said it found several discrepancies during its heightened monitoring of the company . Those issues included a failure by ITT to reconcile its federal aid accounts in a timely manner , a lack of written policy to guide that process and conflicting information about Pell Grant awards over several years .
“ Taken together , these facts demonstrate a failure by ITT to meet its fiduciary obligations , to properly and timely reconcile Title IV program funds as per the regulations and Federal Student Aid guidance , and to meet the standards of administrative capability required of institutions participating in Title IV , Higher Education Act programs , ” the department wrote .
Nicole Elam , a spokesperson for ITT , said the company was complying with the department 's requirements and in the process of addressing the new reporting and administrative matters .
`` While the additional requirements will result in an increased administrative burden , the company does not believe they will have a material negative impact on our financial results , or in any manner affect the timely award of financial aid to eligible students or the operation of our campuses , '' they said .
ITT must now provide additional documentation to the department about federal aid funds . It may only disburse those funds once an academic term has begun and after confirming students ' eligibility to the department and that eligible students have attended courses “ sufficient to justify the enrollment status . ”
The department also is requiring that ITT submit a monthly enrollment roster to the feds , as well as information about all federal aid funds it disbursed during the previous month .
One reason for the tighter oversight , the department said , is fraud charges the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed earlier this year against ITT and two of its top executives . The SEC alleged that the executives concealed massive losses in two student loan programs the company backed .
ITT is facing several other legal challenges , including lawsuits filed by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and attorneys general in several states .
The career-oriented for-profit enrolls roughly 50,000 students at 135 campus locations . Last week ITT confirmed it suspended new student enrollments at a handful of its campuses . The company 's national accreditor said it has closed eight locations during the last two years .
Ted Mitchell , the under secretary of education , said in a written statement that the department placed ITT on heightened cash monitoring for failing to meet several responsibilities .
“ At the department , we are committed to rigorous accountability of all institutions that participate our federal student aid program , ” they said . “ We will continue to closely monitor ITT and take additional action as necessary as we keep students ' futures at the heart of every decision we make . ”
At today 's VR On The Lot event at Paramount Studios in Hollywood , Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am took the stage to open the show with a few remarks . They concluded their speech by announcing that they are “ working with my team to create a VR experience for the Black Eyed Peas and it is not us performing in front of a 360 camera . ”
The popular musicians words are a shot at the glut of 360 video experiences that many musicians and other creatives have begun to employ in an effort to get in on the immersive revolution early . will.i.am does not consider these types of experiences to be worthy of VR 's potential . According to him :
“ In this world of VR creators create worlds . I ca n't wait until it is just the norm . Like ‘ yo check out my world . ' Becuase what I do n't want musicians to do is being like ‘ check out my VR ' and I just slap the camera and do the same thing I would do in real life instead of creating experiences that are just as enriched as real life . ”
Syntax aside , this is a valid point for the VR community as it stands today . There does seem to be a growing “ set it and forget it ” attitude surrounding 360 content wherein filmmakers are content to simply translate raw footage of an event or performance without much creative improvement .
will.i.am 's vision for VR tech is one where the form factors of the devices we use are more informed by fashion and utility than they are by technological limitations . They want the industry to “ Think the likes of Gucci and Louis Vitton…there 's no reason we should n't have awesome jackets with the computation in the back to keep the headlight where the face is n't getting hot . ”
Finally , will.i.am stated that they “ ca n't wait for the day when , similar to clubs , there are physical places where you go to to have enriched VR experiences . I ca n't wait for the day where more musicians want to work with developers and world builders . ”
Tagged with : 360 , VR
This marks the ninth consecutive year that vehicles from the Golf lineup have earned a prestigious “ 10Best ” award
Los Angeles , CA — Volkswagen of America , Inc. is pleased to announce today that Car and Driver magazine has named the Volkswagen Golf and Golf GTI to its 2015 “ 10Best ” list . Taking home a ninth consecutive “ 10Best ” award in a competition against 60 vehicles , the Golf and Golf GTI were praised for exceptional versatility , dynamics and value .
“ The Volkswagen Golf is the Swiss Army knife of enthusiast transport . No matter your preferences in price , practicality , and performance , there 's a Golf that will take your money without giving up much in any other direction , ” said Car and Driver . “ The gasoline TSI® models perhaps represent the paring knife . The practical diesel TDI® models represent the screwdriver . And that spear-like awl is the sharp-edged GTI . ”
“ We are honored that Car and Driver has named the Volkswagen Golf and Golf GTI to its 2015 ‘ 10Best ' list , ” said Michael Horn , President and CEO , Volkswagen Group of America , Inc. “ Earning this award for the ninth consecutive year validates the Golf and the Golf GTI models ' consistency in delivering unmatched quality and performance at a competitive price point . ”
The Car and Driver annual “ 10Best ” list features 10 of the magazine 's most favored new vehicles . Cars are judged on value , performance and the ability to satisfy the comprehensive driving needs of the consumer .
All production vehicles for sale in the current calendar year are considered , with the following restrictions : the vehicle must be on sale by January ; it must be priced below 2.5 times the average car price for that year ; the manufacturer must provide a vehicle for testing ; and only substantially changed vehicles and the past year 's “ 10Best ” winners are nominated .
The seventh-generation version of Volkswagen 's best-selling model is bigger , lighter , more fuel-efficient , and even more versatile than its predecessor . The all-new model features a host of newly-available driver assistance features and excellent EPA estimated highway fuel economy .
Based on the new Modular Transverse Matrix ( MQB ) architecture , the 2015 Golf lineup includes the fun-to-drive Golf 1.8T , fuel-efficient Golf TDI Clean Diesel , and sporty Golf GTI .
With a starting price of $ 17,995 for the 2-door Golf S model , the 2015 Golf family offers advances in interior refinement , exterior styling , and a wealth of new equipment at even the lowest trim lines .
Starting at $ 24,395 for the S model , the 2015 Golf GTI features Volkswagen 's EA888 2.0-liter turbocharged and direct-injection TSI engine , providing 210 horsepower and 258 pound-feet of torque , which is 10 hp and 51 lb-ft higher than in the previous generation .
The Golf and GTI will be featured in Car and Driver 's January 2015 “ 10Best ” issue .
Other than politicians and the media , there is no other force in our society that is hated more and trusted less than the big banks . Between the bailouts that followed the crash of 2008 , and the wealth confiscations that occurred in Cyprus a few years later , it 's become abundantly clear to everyone that the banks are run by criminals , and you ca n't trust them to hold onto your savings .
And if you ever needed another reason to be cautious about putting all of your savings into a bank , you should listen to what happened to Anna and Salvatore Russo . The couple opened a savings account with Chase Bank in 2002 , and deposited $ 30,000 , which was reduced to $ 25,000 after they made a withdrawal shortly thereafter . But with the exception of that withdrawal , they had n't touched their bank account for years , in the hopes that they would collect interest on the money .
But when they decided to withdraw that money in 2014 , it was gone . Anna Russo told CBS how they reacted when the bank told them that they had no record of their account . “ I said , there 's got to be somebody in that bank that knows about my money , but nobody knows. ” “ They ca n't explain it , and they feel that they do n't have any no obligation , even though we have a book , ” their husband added , referring to their own documents .
Chase eventually revealed that they have a record of their first deposit but nothing else , which is why the money is gone . “ We do n't retain records for more than seven years and the customers have not been able to provide any documentation that proves their claims. ” So if you leave your money in a Chase bank for more than seven years , it ceases to exist apparently .
The Russo 's ordeal reveals another troubling aspect of the banking industry that most people are n't aware of . Money that is left untouched for more than five years can be confiscated by the government . However , the bank is supposed to send you a letter before this happens , which the Russo 's never received . The government has no record of receiving their money either . It literally disappeared
It 's often been said that when you put your money in the bank , it no longer belongs to you . Now it can be said that when you put your money in the bank , it no longer exists .
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports , analyses , breaking news and videos ( Click for details ) .
Contributed by Joshua Krause of The Daily Sheeple .
Joshua Krause is a reporter , writer and researcher at The Daily Sheeple . They were born and raised in the Bay Area and is a freelance writer and author . You can follow Joshua 's reports at Facebook or on their personal Twitter . Joshua 's website is Strange Danger .
The government 's decision to cut $ 33 million from municipalities is based on a “ misguided ” assumption that funds paid out by some Crown corporations are grants in lieu of local property taxes , according to the association representing cities and towns .
While the province says the decision corrects an “ unfairness , ” grants paid to cities by SaskPower , SaskEnergy and TransGas are based on decades-old distribution deals , said Saskatchewan Urban Municipalities Association ( SUMA ) CEO Laurent Mougeot .
“ These are legal , binding contracts , ” Mougeot said of the agreements , which were made in the 1940s and 1950s when more than 100 communities agreed to be compensated for giving the newly-incorporated SaskPower exclusive electricity distribution rights .
“ Those agreements were proper when SaskPower came along and they were proper for 60-some years . Now all of a sudden somebody looks at that , fails to understand what they really are , calls them by another name ( and ) looks at it as being unfair ? ”
Finance Minister Kevin Doherty 's 2017-18 budget redirected into government coffers $ 36 million in “ grants-in-lieu of taxes ” that would have been paid by SaskPower , SaskEnergy and TransGas .
Days after the budget emerged , in response to vigorous protests from local leaders , the province capped the reductions at 30 per cent of a given municipality 's revenue sharing total , which reduced the total amount to $ 33 million from $ 36 million .
Other Crown corporations are expected to pay $ 29 million to municipalities , which also receive millions in provincial revenue sharing . A surcharge imposed by cities and towns on SaskPower electricity sales remains in place .
The cuts , which aim to shave the current $ 1.3 billion deficit to $ 685 million , have been widely criticized by mayors across the province . The Opposition Saskatchewan NDP called the decision to scrap some but not all grants “ mind-blowing . ”
The decision also led to a rift between urban and rural municipalities ; however , Mougeout and Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities president Ray Orb downplayed that on Tuesday , noting communities across the province are reeling from budget cuts .
Government Relations Minister Donna Harpauer told the Saskatoon StarPhoenix this week that eliminating grants paid by SaskPower , SaskEnergy and TrangsGas but not other Crown corporations was intended to make the system more equitable .
“ The majority of municipalities were treated unfairly all these decades … This is a very inequitable , complicated program that needed to be addressed , ” Harpauer said , adding that the Crowns in question could end up paying municipal property taxes .
That logic is faulty , Mougeot said , as it wrongly equates agreements to exchange distribution rights for perpetual compensation with funds paid by other Crown corporations , such as SaskTel and SGI , in lieu of local property taxes .
And while municipalities have a strong legal case , any court challenge is likely to be thwarted by new amendments to the Power Corporation and SaskEnergy Acts that “ remove any ability for a party to take objection to the new law , ” they added .
“ I think they 've been misguided along the way , and as they 're discovering what this means and the reality that these are legally binding contracts , they cover the ability for anyone to challenge them ( with ) very , very strong measures . ”
amacpherson @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/macphersona
Prison Paedophile Problems
Chapter 1
The officer led Manic into a small room where they were stripped and searched for any weapons or drugs . Their fanny pack was confiscated and their spiked bracelets removed . They were classed as a weapon for some reason . After the search Manic was then led down a long hall into a room where there were other kids like them and others that looked a lot older than him .
`` This is where you will be eating your meals punk . And no funny business alright ? '' they shoved Manic into the room and slammed the door behind him .
Everyone in the room stared at Manic as they walked across the room to collect some food from the dinner people .
`` Here you go sunshine , '' said the server , dumping a bowl of grey mush on their tray .
`` Yoh what is this trash ? '' said Manic .
`` Left over food that the officer 's do n't eat , ''
`` Dude , you got ta get better grub in , ''
`` If you want to make a complaint why not tell the warden ? ''
`` Hey , I 'm cool , '' said Manic as they walked away . They sat down at a table by themselves and was about to try the stuff when a black Echidna approached him .
`` Give me your food punk , ''
`` Excuse me ? '' said Manic .
The echidna grabbed hold of their vest and pulled them to their feet . `` In this place I 'm top dog . And if I ask you for your food you give me it . If you do n't I 'll break every single bone in your body . Do you hear me ? ''
`` You ca n't just say that , I ai n't don- ''
The Echidna punched their jaw then knocked them to the ground .
`` Do you still disagree ? '' they growled .
Manic wiped the blood from their lip and shook their head .
`` Good , '' said the Echidna , they took the bowl away and ate the gruel-like liquid-like soup stuff .
Manic got to their feet just as an officer approached him . The officer took their arm and led them up the flights of stairs into a prison cell .
`` This is where you 're going to be staying . Until you 're free to go . Be up by nine for your breakfast , '' they closed and locked the door .
Manic walked over to the bed that was in the corner , as they sat down they felt two warm hands touch their chest .
Manic froze .
Your smartphone never allows you to take a moment of respite as it constantly buzzes , whistles , hoots , rings and makes other sounds . And these resonances suggest that you have got messages on your Hangout , WhatsApp , FB Messenger , Twitter or email . This forces you to check them by swiping down the notification bar on the phone screen .
This is when your annoyance doubles as you have to check each messages or mails by tapping on different apps . Moreover , to open the apps , you have to search a particular app from the long list of apps you have downloaded on your Android phone . If you are a pro user , you must have downloaded a number of apps for different purpose . You wish you could have used shortcut to access your favourite apps or frequently used apps .
With the help of DIESEL app , it is now possible for users to launch their favourite apps from Notification Bar on Android phones . This app offers multiple benefits apart from allowing you to add app shortcuts in your notification bar on Android device .
How does DIESEL work ?
First off download DIESEL from Google Play Store . Open the app from the Play Store itself and you will find how you can make the most of the app . Before you explore the app further , you need to make a necessary change in the Settings ; this change is to enable accessibility service for the DIESEL to work . So , launch Settings , then go to Device and tap on Accessibility option . Under the Service section , you will find this app that you need to toggle ON .
Create Shortcuts
This will enable DIESEL to access all your apps and you will be able to see the apps when you swipe down the Notification Bar . Now your job is easy . Open DIESEL app from the list and toggle “ Show Most Used Apps ” ON . While you are on the Home page of the app , you can see a row of circles on the top . Hard press each circle to bring up a list of apps on your phone . Tap on the app you want to create shortcut of . Easy , right ? Now repeat the same step to create some more shortcuts so that you can access your favourite apps from Notification Bar .
Add More Apps
Normally in a row you can add five shortcuts of the apps ; and if you want to create more shortcuts , you should first toggle “ Enable second row ” option from the Settings of DIESEL app . Two notifications will be available for shortcuts once you choose this option .
Among other cool features of the app are : change background colors , change shapes for the icons , apply icon packs for shortcuts , block apps you do n't want to see in shortcuts and app statistics to see the app usages on your Android phones .
DIESEL is an awesome app for every Android smartphone user . It 's a free app ; go ahead and do n't get bogged down by repertoire of notifications . Quickly access your favourite apps and reach out to your loved ones immediately .
After using this app , share your experience with us . We would love to read your reactions on Facebook , Google+ , and Twitter .
As a kid , one of my absolute favorite snacks to make was puppy chow . The combination of chocolate , peanut butter , Crispix cereal ( yes , my mom and I prefer using Crispix to Chex : you should too ) , and powdered sugar is something that is so simple yet so incredibly delicious .
However , as I was scrolling through my reader one day , I happened upon the most genius of puppy chow ideas : poppy chow .
As soon as I saw it , my mind melted . I had to have it . I could n't get it out of my head . And guess what : I had all of the necessary ingredients !
The original recipe is here , courtesy of zoedawn on the Tasty Kitchen website . However , I did n't do things exactly according to their instructions . For instance : I have never ever made puppy chow/poppy chow with butter . My mom never did it , so I never did either . I am sure that the butter makes the chocolate/peanut butter a little more…liquid in consistency…but I have never had a problem with using only chocolate and peanut butter . Just my 2 cents here .
Also : I used kettle corn . I mean : it is sweet…it is salty…it is perfect ! After popping a regular size bag of kettle corn ( I use Smart Pop by Orville Redenbacher 's ) , I removed the unpopped kernels , then folded in melted chocolate and peanut butter…
Then , I tossed my chocolate , peanut-buttery goodness into a clean paper grocery bag with some powdered sugar and shook to my little heart 's content .
Ohhhh sweet sweet ( and salty ) goodness . Justin and I managed to consume the entire batch within 48 hours . Mmmm .
Insane Snack : Poppy Chow Print Author : Katie Compton Ingredients 1 regular bag of kettle corn ( 7.5 cups popped ) - I use Orville Redenbacher 's Smart Pop
¾ cup semi sweet chocolate chips
⅓ cup peanut butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1½ cups powdered sugar
1 unused paper grocery bag Instructions In the microwave , pop the kettle corn . When completed , empty the contents into a large bowl and remove any unpopped kernels . In the microwave , heat the chocolate chips and peanut butter until melted . Stir in the vanilla extract . Pour the chocolate mixture over the popcorn and stir until evenly coated . Add about ½ a cup of powdered sugar to the bottom of the unused paper grocery bag . Pour the popcorn mixture into the bag , and add the remaining powdered sugar . Fold the grocery sack tightly closed , and shake vigorously . I recommend doing this outside if possible , as sometimes powdered sugar can escape from the sack and create a mess ! Spread the poppy chow on a sheet of wax paper/on a baking sheet to allow the chocolate to set . Store in an airtight container . 3.5.3208
Seriously you guys , this is one of my new favorite snacks to make . Sooo yummy , and really easy ! I hope you whip up a batch and enjoy it as well ! ! !
* * * as you can see from my photos , my poppy chow was not completely covered in chocolate/peanut butter . I chose to do this so I would be able to taste the flavor of the kettle corn along with the other ingredients . If you prefer more chocolate and peanut butter , I would suggest using 1 cup of semi-sweet chocolate chips and 1/2 cup of peanut butter . Whatever suits you ! ! !
Serial killers have become a fascination for people around the world , and have become even more famous in popular movies and TV shows such as Silence of the Lambs , Dexter , and The Following . Opposing these serial killers are criminal profilers . In the hit TV show Criminal Minds , profilers are portrayed as individuals who can identify criminals down to their age , occupation , and psychological mindset just by the characteristics of the crime . But just how accurate are these media depictions of profilers ? I will be summarizing a chapter in the book titled Why We Love Serial Killers by criminologist Scott Bonn , which helps answer this question ( for a more detailed review of criminal profiling and serial killers , see citation below for their book ) .
The start of criminal profiling is considered to be as early as the 1880 's , when doctors George Phillips and Thomas Bond were trying to formulate a guess on whom the notorious Jack the Ripper may be . In order to do so , they used autopsies and information from the crime scenes to compile patterns of behavior from the serial killer . Later , a criminal profile on Adolf Hitler was created in the early 1940 's to help predict different scenarios in World War II , which ended up being very accurate ( i.e . it was predicted they would commit suicide if they were facing defeat ) .
Throughout these years and up until about the 1980 's , profiling was seen as an art . Psychiatrists would look at cases and use their knowledge of mental illness and crime to make predictions about the offender . But profiles were not consistent between profilers and depended largely upon their previous experiences in the field . Some were better than others , and it was seen as an art .
So how accurate is this profiling ? To date , only one study on its reliability has been done , which was reported in 1981 . This report stated that police agencies apprehended offenders with the FBI profile in only 17 % of the closed cases . Further , in another 17 % of cases , the profiles were considered to be of little to no assistance . However , profiles were seen as helpful , or as a guide , in 77 % of cases .
Recently , criminologists , psychologists , and law enforcement agents have been working together to make it more of a science , in the hopes of making it a credible field . In order to do so , the Violent Criminal Apprehension Program ( VICAP ) was created . This system is available to law enforcement agencies across the country when they are looking for the offender of an unsolved murder .
What this system does is this . When a murder is committed and the case is closed ( the offender was found and convicted ) all the information of the case is entered into the system . * Using artificial intelligence , this machine creates an “ if-then ” sequence that is then used to help create a profile for unsolved cases . For example , lets say John Doe is murdered and the local police force is looking for a profile for the potential killer . They collect all the information they can from the crime and put it into the system . The system then uses data from all previously solved cases and says “ If John Doe was killed in this way , with this stuff found at the crime scene , then statistically , the killer is then likely to be ( enter description ) . ” As you can see , this system is much more scientific than earlier forms of profiling . However , there is no study to date that has looked at the accuracy of this system .
To this day , criminal profiling is continuing to see improvements . One such way is the utilization of forensic psychology . However , Richard Kocsis Ph.D. , a forensic psychologist , admits that newer versions of profiling ( e.g . Crime Action Profiling ) are still more of a skill than a science . Overall , criminal profiling is still not an exact science , but has seen much improvement over the years .
Examining the legitimacy of criminal profiling is very important . For law enforcement purposes , developing ways to improve the apprehension and conviction of violent offenders will help keep communities safer . For the public , media 's depictions of criminal profiling can create unrealistic expectations of law enforcement agencies . Criminal Minds creates a very unrealistic visualization of what criminal profiling really is . This is not the only show to do so . Other shows , such as the different versions of CSI , also do this . The “ CSI effect ” can lead viewers to develop unrealistic expectations of law enforcement agencies , thus engendering dissatisfaction with agencies when expectations are not met .
* the specific information that profilers look for will be detailed in a future post
Bonn , S. ( 2014 ) . Why We Love Serial KIllers ( pp . 37-56 ) . New York , NY : Skyhorse Publishing .
Advertisements
Wednesday , May 4 , 2016 at 11:51PM
Emphasis on mild . The background to the little video is this : Bobby Fischer repeatedly played the Two Knights Variation against the Caro-Kann in the 1959 Candidates Tournament , with a serious lack of success . It got so bad that people who seldom or never played the Caro-Kann did so , as their results and the positions they received with the Two Knights were harmless at best . Fischer lost with it against Tigran Petrosian in round 2 , drew with Vassily Smyslov in round 7 and then lost to Paul Keres - not a Caro-Kann practitioner - in round 8 ( and then again in round 22 ) .
So by the time of round 13 , when Fischer faced Mikhail Tal with white for the first time in the tournament , this happened :
Candidates 1959 : Tal makes a first-move joke ( 1 ... c6/1 ... c5 ) ; Fischer keeps a straight face . https : //t.co/JgG9kLfF4C pic.twitter.com/SegRTGpPCq — Olimpiu G. Urcan ( @ OlimpiuUrcan ) May 4 , 2016
Tal fakes the move 1 ... c6 before giving the pawn a shove to c5 , then offers a priceless smile to Fischer , who remains impassive . Fischer 's non-reaction is a pity . Could they not take a joke ( very possible ) , or was their poker face a matter of competitive strategy ? As for the joke itself , it almost was n't one . According to Tibor Karolyi ( page 413 of their excellent Mikhail Tal 's Best Games 1 : The Magic of Youth ) Tal seriously considered playing the Caro-Kann in that game . Fortunately for everyone but Fischer , they did n't , enabling us to enjoy their joke , their infectious grin , and the very nice game they went on to win .
( HT : Brian Karen )
“ Disrespectful ” was a powerful word in the Jim Crow era . Like “ uppity , ” it had a special meaning when used to describe the behavior of African Americans . A black man who was thought to be disrespectful to a white man risked being beaten . A black man who was disrespectful to a white woman could well end up dead .
Here 's what the female announcer in John McCain 's new ad says :
ANNOUNCER : They were the world 's biggest celebrity . But their star is fading . So they lashed out at Sarah Palin . Dismissed them as “ good looking. ” That backfired . So they said they were doing “ what they were told. ” Then desperately called Sarah Palin a liar . How disrespectful . ( Emphasis added . )
First of all , the fact that Palin is an audacious and extravagant liar has been clearly established . Starting with their convention speech , they have repeatedly lied about the fact that they opposed the Bridge to Nowhere and sold a plane on Ebay , just for starters .
The matronly indignation voiced by the new ad 's announcer juxtaposed with the visual of Obama 's face in profile next to the words “ how disrespectful ” reads loudly and clearly to the ad 's target demo , the racist GOP base . And yet the messaging is apparently too subtle for the punditocracy — even though this same group spent endless hours last week debating whether Obama 's “ lipstick ” remark was sexist or not . Let 's review Obama 's statement , just for grins :
OBAMA : Let 's just list this for a second . John McCain says he 's about change , too . Except — and so I guess their whole angle is , “ Watch out , George Bush , except for economic policy , health-care policy , tax policy , education policy , foreign policy , and Karl Rove-style politics . We 're really gon na shake things up in Washington. ” That 's not change . That 's just calling some — the same thing , something different . But you know , you can — you know , you can put lipstick on a pig ; it 's still a pig .
Despite the fact that Obama never referred even indirectly to McCain 's vice presidential nominee — and the equally confounding fact that the nominee has repeatedly compared themselves to a female dog in lipstick ( pig is bad , but bitch is okay ? ) — the Rove element in the McCain campaign has successfully recast Obama 's statement as sexist , at least in the empty minds of Fox News viewers .
The racist coding in the McCain ad is more subtle than the infamous “ hands ” ad that Sen. Jesse Helms , the proud North Carolina bigot who gave McCain senior adviser Charlie Black their start , ran against Harvey Gantt , the architect and former mayor of Charlotte who was African American . The “ hands ” ad showed the hands and arms of a white man crumpling up a notice he 'd received that their job had been given to a less-qualified “ minority . ”
But the intended effect of the McCain ad is the same — to stoke the flames of racial hatred and fear among voters at the heart of the Republican base .
In addition to getting the keys to the Batmobile , the Dark Knight has a fancy new suit of armor in Rocksteady 's latest game . We spoke with the creative team behind Batman : Arkham Knight to learn more about Batman 's new suit .
Batman does n't start their Arkham Knight adventure with a new suit . The updated armor is a necessity once the Batmobile is introduced . After seeing the intense way they enter and exits the vehicle , it 's clear why a sturdier shell is needed . The design team worked to ensure that Batman 's car and their updated armor were visually – and functionally – compatible with one another .
“ You put them next to each other , and you can see that they 're coming from the same family , ” says art director David Hego . “ You get the same elements on Batman 's suit , you have the same shapes , you have different metal shaders between carbon fiber and the brushed metal shininess . That 's the visual story . The story behind it is that Batman has this new car , and he 's doing all this crazy s -- - with it , and they need to eject at mach 3 out of it . ”
Lead character artist Albert Feliu recalls the challenge and opportunities that came with new-gen hardware . “ I remember having a meeting with David a year and a half ago , and we were talking about what we could do to make Batman 's suit really special . The Batmobile was there , and we started talking . We wanted to do something that was awesome – it was going to look amazing in terms of shaders and new techniques , but it needs to look different . We could n't go the same way . We had to diverge in a new direction , where people would notice that this is a next-gen Arkham . That was our goal – all the materials , all the leathers , and everything that kind of went with that . It takes five or six times more time to make Batman than any other character , so it was heavy and it was hard work , but I thought it paid off in a way . ”
Studio head Jamie Walker says the new suit does more than look good – it 's functional as well . “ He can move in it . That 's very important to us to have an authentic feel . Parts of it that have n't ever been before are now articulated as well , so they all move in a different way . ”
Attentive fans might notice that Batman 's cape looks different in Arkham Knight , too . It works the same way – even allowing Batman to glide more effectively thanks to an upgrade – but now its design supports its in-game functionality . “ The cape still covers the shoulders , but now they have the armor on top , ” Feliu says . “ If you imagine , if you were gliding down like Batman , down a city , to support that amount of muscle and weight , it makes more sense that it was attached to the cowl . What we did was build this armor thing , and one of the purposes of it was to hold the cape in place when it 's gliding around and all this ridiculous force to keep Batman and the cape attached . The cape is actually still there , it 's just that it 's covered . ”
“ It 's maybe a little more realistic and a little less theatrical than what we had before , ” Hego adds . “ It makes a little more sense of how it would work if someone were crazy enough to do it . There are maybe a few more questions answered with the tech and how it could work together than we did before . ”
To learn more about Batman : Arkham Knight , stay tuned to our constantly updating hub of exclusive content by clicking on the banner below .
You can also follow our Batman : Arkham Knight updates and other stories by following Game Informer on Twitter , Google+ , and Facebook .
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.WHAT THE GOVERNOR WANTS TO KEEP. > > THERESOLUTION IS AGREED TO.REPORTER : THE U.S. SENATE TAKINGTHE STEP TO UNDO THE AFFORDABLECARE ACT. > > THE OBAMACARE BRIDGESCOLLAPSING AND WE ARE SENDING INA RESCUE TEAM.REPORTER : CHARL BAKER PREDICTSIT WILL SUCCEED. > > OUR BASE OF OBJECTION IS TOOPERATE THAT THERE WILL BECHANGES. > > BAKER SPELLS OUT WHAT PARTSOF THE LAW They Think THEY SHOULDKEEP.REQUIRING INSURANCE COMPANY TOCOVER PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS , NO LIFETIME CAPS ON COVERAGE ANDLETTING CHILDREN STAY ON PARENTSPOLICIES UNTIL AGE 26. > > WE SHOULD ADVOCATE FOR WHATMAKES SENSE. > > THE LAW HAS ALSO CAUSEDPROBLEMS THAT NEED TO BE FIXED.SINCE IT WAS PUT IN PLACEA HALFMILLION HAVE SHIFTED FROMPRIVATE INSURANCE TO MEDICAIDWHICH EATS UP 40 % OF THE STATEBUDGET.IN 2006 MITT ROMNEY SIGNED A LAWCREATING UNIVERSAL HEALTH CAREIN MASSACHUSETTS.ADVOCATE SAID THE STATE LAW WASMODIFIED BY THE FEDERAL ONE ANDWITHOUT THE TWO PARTS OF THEENGINE WILL NO LONGER RUN. > > WE WILL FEEL IT INMASSACHUSETTS BECAUSE IT DEPENDSON A STATE AND FEDERALPARTNERSHIP.THE REPEAL OF THE HEALTH CARELAW AND ITS REPLACEMENT WITH ANEW ONE WILL TAKE PLACE IN ANSIMULTANEOUSLY .
Advertisement Sen. Warren : Dismantling health law 'irresponsible and cruel ' Gov . Baker calls for keeping some aspects of law Share Copy Link Copy
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is criticizing congressional Republicans for pushing ahead with what they called an `` irresponsible and cruel '' plan to dismantle President Barack Obama 's health care law . Warren told the Associated Press that repealing the law will have a profound impact in the lives of millions of Americans . The Massachusetts Democrat said she 's all in favor of improving the law , but not throwing it out . Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday lawmakers have a responsibility to provide relief from what they called a `` failing law . '' The partisan wrangling comes as Gov . Charlie Baker predicted the repeal effort will likely succeed . “ For the time being , our basic objective is to operate with an assumption that there will be changes , ” Baker told reporters . Baker urged fellow Republicans in Congress to retain critical parts of the law . In a nine-page letter to House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy , they called for requiring coverage for pre-existing medical conditions , banning lifetime coverage caps and allowing young people to stay on their parents ' polices until the age of 26 . Baker said Massachusetts should also be allowed to keep its mandate that all residents have health insurance . “ We should advocate aggressively for what we think makes sense here , ” they said . However , the governor stopped short of endorsing the current law and said it has created problems that need to be addressed . For example , they said since the law 's implementation , a half-million people in Massachusetts have switched from private insurance to Medicaid . In their letter , they noted Medicaid costs now consume 40 percent of the state budget . “ I do think that 's an issue and it 's something we 're going to have to work with our colleagues in the Legislature and in the health care and business communities to deal with , ” they said . Supporters of the current health care law rallied at the State House . They called on people in Massachusetts to reach out to Republican senators in other states to urge them to vote against the repeal . Even though Massachusetts approved its own version of universal health care in 2006 , advocates said the state would still be affected by a repeal of the federal law . Stephen Rosenfeld , interim director of Health Care for All , said the state has received a waiver to pay for some of its programs . They said the two systems are now so closely intertwined , the state law will not necessarily work without the federal one . “ We will feel it in Massachusetts , because it depends on a state-federal partnership , ” they said .
Refined GitHub
Sindre Sorhus Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 30 , 2016
GitHub truly revolutionized open source . I 'm hugely thankful for its existence . Early on they innovated , moved fast , delighted us regularly . Lately though , it feels like progress has stagnated , and focus is mainly on the Enterprise side . Totally understandable from a business perspective , but a bit disappointing as a power-user . The experience still leaves a lot to be desired .
Update : What 's new in Refined GitHub
One day I decided to take matters into my own hands . Turns out there 's a lot that can be done with just some CSS overrides and JavaScript . And so was the refined-github browser extension born . The extension fixes a bunch of minor annoyances , cleans up the interface , and adds some nifty features . Have you ever been annoyed by not being able to click the branch names in a pull request ? Think the news feed is too noisy ? Or maybe you wanted to click that issue reference in the title of a pull request ? Then you will definitely enjoy this extension .
Now , one month later , the reception has been overwhelmingly positive with more than 1000 active users . It 's clear I 'm not alone in wanting a better GitHub experience . Haralan Dobrev , Paul Molluzzo , and I , are working hard on more awesomeness . If there 's something that bothers you when using GitHub or maybe there 's this one feature you always wanted , open an issue , or even better , a pull request !
The extension is currently available for Chrome and Safari ( external ) , and I welcome an external Firefox port .
My end goal and hope is that GitHub will notice and implement some of these improvements . I would encourage emailing GitHub support about it .
A marijuana consumer group protested outside a LivWell location on South Broadway over the weekend , claiming the dispensary chain uses potentially harmful pesticides and does n't care about consumer health . But LivWell says those accusations are simply untrue .
Up to a dozen members of the Cannabis Consumers Coalition demonstrated outside the pot shop Saturday afternoon , carrying signs that read `` Weed not Greed ! '' and `` No Pesticides on My Flower . '' 9News had reported in April that approximately 60,000 of LivWell 's plants were put on hold by the city because its growth used Eagle 20 – a petroleum-based fungicide that is n't approved for cannabis by Denver or by Colorado Department of Agriculture . After LivWell protested and a test was conducted , the city agreed that a portion of LivWell 's plants were safe for consumption , but some remained quarantined . LivWell owner John Lord says he 's working with Denver officials to clarify which pesticides can be used on cannabis grown in the city .
But the protesters said they do n't believe anyone should consume plants treated with Eagle 20 or other potentially harmful chemicals . `` We 're out here because John Lord had mentioned they were working with city officials , and we 're concerned he 's trying to push Eagle 20 to be approved in marijuana grows , '' explained Larisa Bolivar , director of the Cannabis Consumer Coalition . `` We 're concerned about cumulative effects it can have on the body , and it 's not fair to consumers for them to push something that is n't even approved for tobacco . ''
The Mariners are letting teams know that Jesus Montero and Justin Smoak are available in trade talks , according to Bob Nightengale of USA Today ( via Twitter ) . The report comes on the heels of the Mariners striking deals to add Corey Hart and Logan Morrison to their lineup .
As our Steve Adams pointed out on Wednesday , the signing of Hart and acquisition of Morrison called Montero 's and Smoak 's roles into question . While it 's not clear exactly what position Seattle would be targeting in trade talks , the club clearly hopes to contend in 2014 and would likely prefer immedate contributors to prospects .
Both Montero and Smoak arrived in Seattle as part of major trades . Montero was acquired from the Yankees in a 2012 swap for Michael Pineda , while Smoak was part of the package the Mariners received from the Rangers in exchanged for Cliff Lee in 2010 .
So far , neither player has produced as the M 's had anticipated , though Smoak enjoyed the best season of their career in 2013 , hitting .238/.334/.412 with 20 homers in 512 plate appearances . Montero had a disastrous campaign , underperforming early in the year before suffering a torn meniscus and then receiving a 50-game suspension as part of the Biogenesis case .
So , caveats and details out of the way , which players step up for finals ? Among currently active players , Luke Dahlhaus stands out as a player who looks different in September . In their 132 home-and-away games , Dahlhaus has averaged a respectable 83 Fantasy points per game . But in their five finals , the Bulldog has put up an average 103 Fantasy points each match . That means their average in finals is a league-leading 124 percent of their average in the regular season . He 's followed by Isaac Heeney , whose average in finals is an impressive 118 percent of their home-and-away average .
At the other end of the scale , the Cats ' Jordan Murdoch and the Dockers ' Nick Suban are tied for the worst ratios in the league .
Statistical fiends might be wondering whether Dahlhaus ' strong numbers are just noise . The difference between their average in finals and the regular season is significant - their performance in finals is unlikely to just be the result of random variation . But with five finals under their belt , the sample is small and not necessarily a great guide to how he 'll fare in future finals series .
The difference between finals and the regular season is n't statistically significant for most players . So keep in mind that we 're generally looking at small samples here - few players have taken the field in enough finals to give us confidence about whether they 're truly better or worse in September than the rest of the year .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Home foreclosure filings surged 57 percent in the 12 month-period ended in March and bank repossessions soared 129 percent from a year ago , as homeowners struggled to make mortgage payments , real estate data firm RealtyTrac said on Tuesday .
An auction sign in front of a home in California , February 2 , 2008 . Home foreclosure filings surged 57 percent in the 12 month-period ended in March and bank repossessions soared 129 percent from a year ago , as homeowners struggled to make mortgage payments , real estate data firm RealtyTrac said on Tuesday . REUTERS/Kimberly White
For the month of March , foreclosure filings , default notices , auction sale notices and bank repossessions rose 5 percent , led by Nevada , California and Florida , RealtyTrac said .
The rise in March to filings on a total of 234,685 properties followed a 4 percent decline in February , RealtyTrac reported .
RealtyTrac said the peak has yet to be reached .
“ What we 're really looking at is ongoing fallout from people overextending themselves to buy homes they could n't afford and using highly toxic loan products to get into the houses in the first place , ” Rick Sharga , vice president of marketing at RealtyTrac , based in Irvine , California , said in an interview .
“ We 're going to see quite possibly a record amount of foreclosure activity in the third or fourth quarter , ” reflecting sharp payment increases on adjustable-rate subprime mortgages in May and June , Sharga said .
One in every 538 U.S. households living in single-family dwellings received a foreclosure filing in March . The single-family dwellings can include condominiums .
There are three phases of the foreclosure process in most states — an initial default notice , notice of a scheduled auction , and an “ REO ” filing if the property is not sold at auction but instead repossessed by the bank , Sharga said .
REO refers to real estate-owned property .
All of the households in the report received at least one of these filings last month .
AUCTION NOTICES UP 32 PERCENT
While default notices and repossessions soared in March , auction notices rose a relatively small 32 percent , James J. Saccacio , chief executive officer of RealtyTrac , said in a statement .
That suggests “ more defaulting homeowners are simply walking away and deeding their properties back to the foreclosing lender , ” they said . “ This deed-in-lieu-of-foreclosure process allows the lender to take possession of a property without putting it up for public foreclosure auction . ”
The states with the highest foreclosure filing rates — Nevada , California and Florida — also are among those that had the biggest price appreciation in the five-year boom before the housing meltdown that began in 2006 .
These states tend to also be plagued by defaults on unoccupied homes bought by speculative investors . In many cases , home prices have now fallen below the size of the mortgages and some owners are walking away .
In Nevada , one in every 139 households received a foreclosure filing in March , keeping the state at the top of the ranks for the 15th straight month .
The 7,659 Nevada properties receiving foreclosure filings last month represented a 24 percent jump from February and a nearly 62 percent spike from March 2007 .
California had the second highest rate of foreclosure filings , one for every 204 households , followed by Florida with one of every 282 households .
Arizona 's filings fell about 5 percent , but it retained its standing as with the fourth highest pace of foreclosure activity for the third month straight .
Foreclosure activity in Colorado dropped 8 percent in March from February and 1 percent from a year ago , but it ranked No . 5 , with one filing for each 339 households .
Georgia , Ohio , Michigan , Massachusetts and Maryland were the other states with the highest foreclosure rates in March .
The states with the highest total number of foreclosure filings were California , Florida and Ohio .
Related Coverage Mortgage sector uneasy with loan rewrite plan
Foreclosure filings were reported on 64,711 California properties in March , the most of any state for the 15th consecutive month , up nearly 21 percent from February and up almost 106 percent from March 2007 .
Florida posted the second highest total , with foreclosure filings reported on 30,254 properties in March . While down about 7 percent from February , filings were about 112 percent higher than last March .
Georgia , Texas , Michigan , Arizona , Illinois , Nevada and Colorado were the other states with the highest foreclosure totals in March .
By Breanna Marcos
In right-wing world , President Donald Trump 's scandal ridden and error prone administration is a success . That 's why conservatives as gushing at theirs ‘ successes . '
Televangelist Pat Robertson said the Pope should make Trump an honorary saint for their services to Christianity .
“ Trump has reversed the war on Christianity , ” said Robertson . “ We finally have one of our own in the White House . ”
It 's baffling that social conservatives have rushed to accept Trump , a thrice married , former casino owner , who has appeared in Playboy and a porn film . Evangelicals seem to have conveniently forgotten that .
Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. was over the moon about Trump 's presidency .
“ I think Donald Trump has the potential to be the greatest President since Abraham Lincoln , ” said Falwell in a FOX News interview .
John Morgan , a George W. Bush impersonator , also praised Trump during a speech at the Values Voters summit .
“ Folks , I do n't know where we 're going . But I know God 's with us . It 's so exciting to watch the transformation of America taking place right before our eyes . And I know that God raised up Donald Trump for us , ” said Morgan , according to Right Wing Watch .
However , Newsweek lambasted social conservatives ' support of Trump and described them as the “ prince of lies. ” According to Newsweek writer Nina Burleigh , Evangelical Christians see Trump 's election as a result of divine intervention , not Russian hacking .
“ For many fundamentalists , Trump 's profligate dissembling and decades of dissipation are further proof that their Lord moves in mysterious ways . White evangelical supporters excuse Trump 's long history of immoral behavior by comparing them to various biblical heroes whose lives were less than exemplary but who nonetheless did God 's work . Lance Wallnau , author of a best-selling book about Trump called God 's Chaos Candidate , has claimed God spoke to them and said , /Donald Trump is a wrecking ball to the spirit of political correctness , ' ” said Burleigh .
e ] [ h 2 Gate Robo Strategy Information Matchups : PvP Type : Opening Creator : Day [ 9 ] , Liquid'Tyler
Overview [ edit ]
The PvP 2-Gate Robo is an ultra-safe build designed to directly counter the standard 4 Warpgate Rush , the build focuses on getting a very early Immortal while defending against early Zealot and Stalker pressure . The build cleanly transitions in to the midgame , setting you up to get a quick observer to judge whether or not expanding or being aggressive is the correct path .
Goal [ edit ]
The goal of the build is to defend the player from the all too common 4 Warpgate Rush while setting you up for the midgame . The build gets out two early Sentries , an Immortal , a Zealot and a Stalker for exactly the 5:45 mark , to defend against the first push of the 4 Gate . When the player sees that they are safe , they can get out an Observer and assess whether or not to expand , attack , or tech further . The pros of the build are that it provides safety against the most common of Protoss builds , and provides you with the means of playing a reactionary style for the midgame . The con of the build is that it requires absolutely perfect timing to get the right amount of units to hold off the push .
Basic Build Order [ edit ]
Basic Build 9 Chronoboost Probes
10 Pylon ( 1 )
10 Gate ( 1 )
11 Assimilator ( 1 )
12 Chrono Probe
~15 Core ( Roughly at 2:30 ) -- > Scout
16 Pylon ( 2 )
@ 100 % Core , Start Warpgate + Stalker . Chronoboost both .
20 Assimilator ( 2 )
@ 25 Nexus Energy , Chronoboost Warpgate
22 Robotics Facility
22 Stop Probe Production
22 Zealot -- > Sentry
24 Pylons ( 3 )
24 Gateway ( 2 )
24 Immortal
Notes [ edit ]
The timings of the Chronoboosts are imperative to the build as a whole , every timing needs to be hit to ensure that all units will be out in time to defend against pushes .
Important to keep first Stalker on Xel'Naga tower to spot incoming aggression .
Scouting [ edit ]
When scouting during this build , look for the usual PvP signs . If your opponent is going Forge first , begin scouting and get ready to defend against a cannon rush . If the player is saving up Chronoboost they are almost certainly going 4Warpgate , in this case continue build as usual . If the opponent has immediately put down two Gateways , put down a second Gateway of your own and begin to Chrono Zealots . If you scout a fast second gas and see a very low Sentry count at the ramp , this could indicate a Dark Templar Rush or quick Stargate tech , make primarily Stalkers ( for stargate units ) and get an observer from the Robo Bay ( in the case of Dark Templar ) . If blink is scouted , continue build as normal , but get an in-base Observer to prevent blinks up in to your base .
Execution [ edit ]
In an ideal situation , the opponent will have done a 4 Warpgate Rush , at this point you can either continue scouting and tech appropriately while expanding or build a force and be aggressive . The quick Robo Tech will put you in a position to get much earlier Colossus than your opponent and follow up with a strong 1-base Colossi push . If you have this in mind , stay on 2-gate and a single Robo while hitting every warp cycle . The build leaves the player with many options , even if the opponent did not go for a Warpgate rush , there is access to an early observer and that reactionary period of time . If the opponent is falling back and defending in fear , capitalize on that and expand immediately . Scout actively and check for aggression . If the opponent tries to all-in , halt Probe production again and add another Gateway .
Adaptation [ edit ]
Take an expansion the second you feel you are safe , and if faced with serious aggression add an additional Gateway . In the case of Dark Templar , get a fast Observer . In the case of Blink tech , get an in-base Observer and resume Immortal production , snipe any observers that they try to put over your base to prevent blink . If they techs to Charge , start making a lot of Sentries . If they scout Robo tech , you can engage in the ever popular Colossi Wars or if it looks like you have time drop a Twilight Council and tech towards mass Chargelots and Archons while harassing with Warp Prism . If Stargate tech is scouted , make predominately Stalkers while continuing with Robotics tech tree .
References [ edit ]
Day9 Daily : Steal This Build , Liquid'Tyler 's PvP .
Close
Archerfish are capable of shooting a stream of water with great accuracy , and new research shows how the animal accomplishes the task . Jets of water shoot from the mouths of archerfish , aimed toward their intended prey .
Researchers discovered archerfish use the streams of water as tools during the hunt . By sticking their mouths barely above the surface of the water , the fish can shoot jets at insects of small lizards sitting on limbs and branches above the water . Prey can be targeted by the fish , from a distance of over six feet .
Biologists have long known that archerfish form a barrel between the roof of their mouth and tongue in order to produce the jets . This new research reveals the animals modulate the streams in order to focus the water into a slug shape just before impact . This could suggest significant brain power is utilized in properly shaping the aquatic blast .
`` One of the last strongholds of human uniqueness is our ability to powerfully throw stones or spears at distant targets . This is really an impressive capability and requires - among many fascinating aspects - precise time control of movement . It is believed that this ability has forced our brains to become bigger , housing many more neurons to afford the precision , '' Stefan Schuster of the University of Bayreuth in Germany , said .
Other fish are also known to use tools in the wild . These include the Pacific orange-dotted turkfish , which crushes shells of clams using rocks . This is the first time a fish has been known to use streams of water as a tool . They are the only animal known to change the nature of freely-flowing streams of water .
In the study , the animals were trained to fire jets of water at black spheres at distances greater than those previously studied . Three sets of targets were set up at eight , 16 and 24 inches away from the animal . The fish were provided with treats of black flies for each successful strike . Researchers discovered that shots meant to travel greater distances were expelled over longer periods of time than when the target was closer . The amount of time water was expelled from the mouth of the fish for an additional 3.4 milliseconds for every 3.9 feet of distance .
Archerfish also continually adapt the shape of their mouths , creating a unique active nozzle that could be an inspiration for water jet cutters and other industrial equipment .
Photo analysis of the shots showed the streams focusing into a bullet-like shape that added to the force of initial impact on the target .
Archerfish , and their use of water jets was detailed in the journal Current Biology .
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
keygen music
Here you can find music from crack keygen , trainer intro , from different release/crack groups . Select group from menu on the left and download music in * .xm , * .s3m format ( tracker music ) . One big pack with music from keygen download here . To play this files you will need a player like XMPlay , MODPlug Player , WinAmp , DeliPlayer etc .
If you ca n't find music that you want please send me that keygen/crack/trainer/intro ( or link to it ) where you heard it .
If you 're a member of any group you can just send me music from your releases . And do n't ask me to delete music from your releases .
Disclaimer :
RULES :
Do n't ask me for any keygens/crack ! Only music .
keygens/cracks sent to me will be deleted after ripping music . You wo n't find any keygen or crack or info about cracking copyrighted software on this site .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Figures symbolising the missing victims were taken to the Escombrera rubbish dump on the outskirts of Medellin
Forensic experts in Colombia have begun a search for dozens of bodies at a landfill site believed to be one of the largest urban mass graves in the world .
Relatives of possible victims held a ceremony at the site on the outskirts of the city of Medellin before the excavation started .
The bodies of 90 to 300 people are thought to be buried there .
The disappearances date from 2002 , when the army launched an operation against left-wing rebels in the area .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The bodies of up to 300 people are believed to be buried at the site
The operation was ordered by Colombia 's president at the time , Alvaro Uribe .
Right-wing paramilitaries filled the void when the rebels left the Comuna 13 shantytown area and they are blamed by many for most of the killings .
Criminal gangs are also accused of involvement in some of the disappearances .
Medellin was once considered one of the world 's most violent cities .
It was the home of the Medellin Cartel , the drug-trafficking organisation led by Pablo Escobar , who was killed in 1993 .
Image copyright AP Image caption Victims ' organisations have spent more than a decade calling for an end to the dumping of rubble on the Escombrera site
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Three left-wing rebel groups - the Farc , M-19 and the ELN - operated in the area
Some 20,000 tonnes of earth will be removed over the next five months in the search for the bodies , reports the BBC 's Natalio Cosoy in Bogota .
'Drop of hope '
A ceremony at the site , including a religious service , marked the beginning of the excavation .
`` It took us 13 years to get here . This is a drop of hope , '' said Luz Elena Galeano , leader of an organisation of women fighting for justice for their missing relatives .
Relatives laid flowers and images of their loved ones on the site .
`` The ceremony was moving and a commitment to peace and reconciliation , '' said Colombia 's Interior Minister Juan Fernando Cristo .
More than 200,000 people have been killed since hostilities between the army and Colombia 's main rebel group , the Farc , began in 1964 .
Both sides have been engaged in nearly three years of peace negotiations , which are being held in Cuba .
Earlier this month , the Colombian government announced a de-escalation of attacks against the rebels , who had announced a unilateral ceasefire .
The talks are aimed at ending hostilities , which would lead to the Farc giving up its armed struggle to join the legal political process .
Find out more
Margarita Selene Restrepo stares out over the corrugated roofs of Comuna 13 - one of Medellin 's poorest and most violent districts . From here , a few steps from their home , they can see a huge , deforested , earthen scar on the hillside opposite . In Spanish it is known as la escombrera - the dump . And Margarita can just make out areas recently fenced off with flimsy green plastic .
`` Every day when I look across there it causes me such a lot of sadness . If she 's there , she 's so close . Yet at the same time , she 's so far away . ''
The dump that holds the secrets of the disappeared
The business of mass copyright litigation has taken off in the past few years . Several firms around the country gather forensic evidence about illegal downloads on BitTorrent and then file lawsuits against hundreds , or thousands , of users , demanding settlement fees of several thousand dollars each .
One of the most prolific litigators is Malibu Media , which runs an adult website called `` x-art . '' Malibu has sued over 1,000 Internet users for downloading its content . Now that Prenda Law has become defunct and is mired in sanctions , Malibu may be the most vigorous copyright litigator in the United States .
A court document filed over the weekend by Malibu lawyers , and first published by the Fight Copyright Trolls blog , contains some striking , hitherto-unknown facts about the company 's campaign of lawsuits . The new information is part of a status update filed with the court in the Northern District of Illinois , which covers Chicago and suburbs and reaches into more rural parts of the state .
Gathering the evidence
The revelation that Malibu has administered lie-detector tests over porn downloads comes as part of the first section of the document , in which Malibu explains to the court its high standards for proceeding with a copyright lawsuit .
Malibu describes `` additional evidence '' it gathers , consisting of `` a list of all other BitTorrent content that is downloaded by a defendant in a lawsuit , '' including music , mainstream movies , ebooks , and computer programs . Malibu has actually been banned from filing this information publicly by some judges who believed that the document typically attached as Exhibit C was being used to embarrass defendants . But Malibu is still using this evidence to decide how to proceed with its cases , since it 's `` critical to determining the identity of the responsible party . ''
The company points out that it dismisses many types of cases where defendants ca n't be specifically identified : small businesses with public Wi-Fi , multiple roommates within a single residence `` with similar profiles and interests , '' or situations where the defendant ca n't be located . Malibu lawyers add :
Further , Malibu will dismiss its claims against any Defendant who agrees to and passes a polygraph administered by a licensed examiner of the Defendant 's choosing . Out of the entirety of polygraphs administered within the United States by Malibu , no Defendant has passed and all such examinations have subsequently led to the Defendant settling the case .
The company does n't reveal how many polygraph tests it has administered .
Malibu has sued 886 people in northern Illinois , some individually and some as `` joined defendants . '' The company 's statistical snapshot is revealing : 49 defendants have been dismissed for `` hardship , '' 259 for `` insufficient evidence , '' and 304 because it could not get discovery from the ISPs . ( That could be because the ISP did n't retain the subscriber data , or Malibu 's subpoena was quashed , or because the ISP data handed over did n't match other databases used by Malibu . ) The company has settled 174 cases . It has won judgments in two cases , is `` negotiating '' in 30 cases , and is actively litigating eight cases . 60 cases are listed as being either in pre-discovery or pre-litigation phases .
Who 's a troll ? Critics `` moved the goalpost ''
Later in the document , Malibu 's lawyers couch the lawsuits in terms of the company 's overall goal : `` To create erotica that is artistic and beautiful . ''
The company notes that the single federal judge who oversaw an entire trial about Malibu Media 's claims , US District Judge Michael Baylson , specifically said the company was not a `` copyright troll . '' `` Rather , Malibu is an actual producer of adult films and owns valid copyrights , '' wrote Baylson .
Malibu says it has no interest in embarrassing defendants , and allegations that it `` seed [ s ] its own copyrighted works on BitTorrent '' ( as Prenda Law is alleged to have done ) are `` sheer false speculation . '' The company goes on to slam its critics , saying that the `` troll '' moniker is one they have shifted to meet their needs :
The undeniable fact is that some people and entities will never agree with the enforcement of copyrights on the Internet . At first , critics labeled “ copyright trolls ” as those who acquired copyrighted content for the sole purpose of litigation . Once Judge [ Michael ] Baylson of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania , as a component of Malibu 's Bellwether trial , determined that Malibu did not fit this definition of a `` copyright troll , '' the critics moved the goalposts and determined that any entity who derives an appreciable percent of their income from litigation is a `` copyright troll . '' Once it was disclosed that a de minimis percent of Malibu 's income is derived from litigation , the definition changed to an amorphous `` anyone who files a lot of lawsuits . '' With that definition , any person or entity owning content that is heavily infringed is destined to be called a `` troll '' ... Critics mainly devolve to ad hominem attacks and offensive and patently false suppositions about myriad issues including compliance with 18 U.S.C . § 2257 , technicalities of contracts with vendors , and other such ancillary details unrelated to the core issues at hand in these cases . These detractors will claim to support copyrights in principle , but condemn those who try to enforce them .
The question of whether Malibu is able to position itself as a copyright enforcer that 's able to sue thousands , but `` do it right '' —whatever that may mean—remains to be seen .
Embarrassment of defendants may not be a part of their business model , but it 's certainly a convenient byproduct . Companies that have tried to engage in mass copyright litigation over mainstream content have n't been too successful , although the strategy was recently embraced by the company that produced Dallas Buyers Club .
An attorney for Malibu Media did n't respond to a request for comment for this story .
The FCT blog estimates that , based on settlement figures ranging from $ 2,000 up to $ 10,000 , Malibu may have earned as much as $ 1 million from the 174 settlements it has reported in this district .
Janet Porter , spokesperson for Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore , began a CNN interview on Tuesday by suggesting that Moore 's Democratic opponent , Doug Jones , supports killing the interviewer 's unborn baby .
“ Thank you , it is great to be with you , and by the way , congratulations on your unborn child , ” Porter said to host Poppy Marlow , who is pregnant . “ That 's the reason I came down as a volunteer to speak for Judge Roy Moore , because they stand for the rights of babies like yours in the womb , where their opponent will support killing them until the moment of birth . ”
Porter 's claim is false . Though Jones is pro-choice , they made clear during a recent interview with AL.com that they support Alabama 's existing abortion laws , which ban most late-term abortions .
Advertisement
“ To be clear , I fully support a woman 's freedom to choose to what happens to their own body . That is an intensely , intensely personal decision that only she , in consultation with their god , their doctor , their partner or family , that 's their choice , ” Jones said . “ Having said that , the law for decades has been that late-term procedures are generally restricted except in the case of medical necessity . That 's what I support . I do n't see any changes in that . It is a personal decision . ”
At another point in the interview , Harlow took exception to Porter mentioning their unborn child , admonishing them to “ leave my child out of this . Let 's leave my child out of this . ”
Porter is an anti-abortion extremist who led an unsuccessful effort to get lawmakers in Ohio to approve a “ Heartbeat Bill ” that would ban abortions as early as six weeks into pregnancy . Right Wing Watch notes that in 2010 , Porter lost their radio program “ when the Christian network that hosted it objected to their increasing embrace of an extremist Christian movement known as Dominionism , which teaches that Christians are to control all levers of power within society and use those positions to implement public policy that corresponds to the Bible. ” She 's the founder of Faith2Action , an organization listed as an “ active anti-LGBT hate group ” by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
The pugilist defending Roy Moore on @ PoppyHarlowCNN program today is someone I profiled nearly 20 years ago , then named Janet Folger , an anti-gay rights campaigner so strident they repelled even allies in the Ohio legislature . Link : https : //t.co/812wFsbhmk — Laurie Goodstein ( @ lauriegnyt ) December 5 , 2017
Porter spent most of their CNN interview attacking the credibility of the eight women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct , including child molestation . Them case on Moore 's behalf included repeatedly bringing up that there is a group of women who have n't accused them of misconduct .
Advertisement
“ We need to make it clear there 's a group of nonaccusers , that have not accused the judge of anything illegal , ” they said at one point .
At the end of the interview , Porter repeatedly dodged a straightforward question about if they believe any of Moore 's accusers , but said it does n't matter anyway because “ what matters is the people in Alabama believe the judge . ”
“ You want to know what all of this is about ? I 'll tell you what it 's about — it 's all about the Supreme Court of the United States , ” Porter said . “ You realize this is winner-take-all race , that the one who wins this race is the one who will decide the Supreme Court for the next 30 or 40 years . ”
Why The New Royalty Rate Matters Little For The Digital Radio Giant
Yesterday , the Copyright Royalty Board–the three-judge panel that sets the rates that non-interactive radio services pay –set the new rate for the coming year 21 percent higher than the previous year . Services like Pandora were seeking a lower rate . SoundExchange , which represents rights holders , requested a higher rate . The CRB playing a wise Solomon , split it almost right down the middle , settling at .0017 per song played .
And then the industry yawned .
As a refresher , in the United States , music companies can offer playback by taking advantage of a compulsory license set forth in the Digital Millennial Copyright Act . All you need to do is follow the rules for non-interactive digital streaming and pay SoundExchange for all the plays within 45 days . This rate does not affect directly licensed services , like Spotify , Apple Music , or Deezer .
Disclosure : I work at 8tracks , which offers non-interactive radio in the US and Canada . These opinions are mine and do n't represent the company . See 8tracks CEO David Porter 's opinions on the subject here .
Moving On
The CRB rate seems like it 's already an antique of past days . Call it the iPhone 1 era . Remember way back in 2005 when you 'd fire up Pandora , pick an artist and sit back and listen to an awesome radio station ?
The world has moved on from those olden days . Thanks to YouTube , Spotify and Soundcloud , a whole new generation of listeners have grown up being able to play whatever they or they want at any time . Also , listeners can skip as much as they want and save tracks to their phones with a premium account ; all functionality that requires agreements with labels .
In terms of growth , relying on the compulsory license has hemmed in Pandora . Spotify has been able to grow leaps and bounds by launching in country after country . Meanwhile poor Pandora is only available in the United States , New Zealand , and Australia as only a few countries offer compulsory licenses . Its growth has slowed dramatically compared to Spotify .
Directing the Action
Pandora understands that if it wants to offer some flavor of on-demand features and do it around the world , it 'll have to sign direct deals with labels . The company has already signed similar deals with all the major publishing groups to pay songwriters .
So the days of Pandora relying on the CRB rate are numbered . Of course the rate is still important as it sets the floor from which all parties will negotiate , but it really does n't truly matter as much as it once had .
The CRB seems like it would like to get out of the business of setting the rate . The rates in the following four years will be based on the increase of yearly inflation , which might be the template in the future .
A Pound of Flesh
While Pandora said it was pleased with the rate , it 's not all smooth sailing for the company . Up next will be sitting down with major labels to hammer out agreements for sound recordings . After years of deep discontent with Pandora , I would bet that labels will be licking their chops to dictate onerous terms . And if the company wants to offer the ability to download tracks to a phone or up the skip limits , its gon na cost an arm and a leg .
But still , there is a path forward . Pandora recently purchased some of the assets of the much admired yet failing Rdio streaming service in preparation for an on-demand world . After months of uncertainty , Pandora 's stock perked up , rising about 13 percent the day after the announcement .
Beginnings and Endings
The CRB also simplified the rates down to a single one from three . iHeart Media , the terrestrial giant also saw its fortunes improve . Its rates dropped 22 percent when the CRB eliminated the blended rate that companies who offered more than just non-interactive radio used . On the opposite side , the elimination of the small webcaster rate means that tiny services are facing the end of days , as the new rate means their costs have now gone through the roof .
Digital musics 's chorus does n't really change much . Let the beatings continue until the morale improves .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The astronauts rested after being carried from the Soyuz capsule
Three astronauts from the International Space Station ( ISS ) have returned to Earth , after the loss of a spacecraft delayed an earlier return attempt .
The trio handed control of the ISS over to Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka , after nearly 200 days in space .
Among them is Italian Samantha Cristoforetti , who has set the record for the most time in space on a single mission by a female astronaut .
Their Soyuz spacecraft landed safely on Thursday in the steppes of Kazakhstan .
`` It was a textbook homecoming for the Expedition 43 crew , '' said a NASA presenter after the landing .
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Soyuz spacecraft carrying the astronauts landed safely in Kazakhstan
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ms Cristoforetti set the record for the most time spent in space for a female astronaut on a single mission
The commander of the expedition , Terry Virts , and their crewmates Anton Shkaplerov and Ms Cristoforetti have spent almost seven months on board the ISS carrying out scientific research and technology demonstrations .
All three were carried out of the spacecraft and checked over by medical workers . `` Everything worked by the second , step by step , the guys were great , '' said Mr Shkaplerov .
According to a Nasa press release , the team has travelled more than 84 million miles since their launch into space on 24 November .
They were originally due to leave a month ago , but their departure was delayed after the failure of a supply spaceship . The out-of-control unmanned Progress M-27M burnt up as it re-entered the Earth 's atmosphere .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A look back at how Samantha Cristoforetti has been engaging with their 545,000 Twitter followers
The delay meant that on 6 June Ms Cristoforetti set a new world record for the most time spent in space by a woman on a single mission after clocking up more than 194 days .
The 38-year-old has gained an active following on Twitter during their time on the ISS by posting videos showing how to do simple everyday tasks in space such as making a meal .
They also famously introduced an espresso machine , which was specially adapted to work in space .
Image copyright REUTERS/NASA/Handout Image caption The members of Expedition 43 ( in red ) handed over to Expedition 44
Image copyright ESA/Nasa Image caption Three more astronauts are due to arrive at the International Space Station in July
Expedition 44 is led by Mr Padalka , alongside fellow crew members US astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko .
Mr Kelly and Mr Kornienko are two-and-a-half months into a year-long tour of duty on the ISS , the longest continuous stay anyone will have had on board the 400km-high ( 250 mile ) orbiting platform .
Three more astronauts are due to join them in July .
Since the deadly white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , two weeks ago , one largely unanswered question has been why local police stood by for so long as rallygoers and protesters clashed in the streets . On Saturday , new video footage emerged adding another layer of urgency to the mystery .
In it , a white rallygoer is shown pointing a gun at a black protester holding an improvised flamethrower . The man yells , “ Hey , n—er ! Hey ! ” They then fires what appears to be a live round into a bush close to the protester and strolls away amid fellow marchers — just feet from a line of stationary police officers , who do n't react at all :
WATCH : Man fired at another person in Charlottesville on Aug. 12 . We handed 📹 to LE agencies . The man has been arrested & charged w a crime . pic.twitter.com/0vrXq4zNC0 — ACLU of Virginia ( @ ACLUVA ) August 26 , 2017
The footage , surfaced by the ACLU of Virginia , was first reported by the New York Times , which published a detailed look at the sluggish police response to the violence . The Times reported that the man is in custody as of Saturday morning .
A spokesperson for the police claimed that officers could n't hear the shot over the crowd noise , but Rosia Parker , a community activist at the rally , told the Times , “ We all heard it and ran — I know damn well they heard it . They never moved . ”
The protester in the video , Corey Long , was immortalized in a now-famous photograph from the rally . They had previously told CNN 's Don Lemon that a rallygoer had pointed a gun at them and fired a shot nearby .
The city of Charlottesville announced on Friday that it had hired Tim Heaphy , an ex–United States attorney , to evaluate its response to three white-nationalist rallies held there this summer . How the city reacted , or failed to react , to those events will be closely dissected as other places try to avoid a similar fate .
Spoiler alert : This post contains plot from the Kingdom series finale .
On Wednesday , Alvey Kulina walked out of the cage for the last time , and right along with him , Kingdom ended its fight with a series finale that was the show 's strongest hour to date , despite the fact that it was n't originally intended to be the series finale . ( The show was canceled after filming had ended on the third season . )
To honor the underappreciated AT & T series , EW spoke with the cast and creator to say goodbye to three seasons of fights , family drama , and , of course , Jay 's sunglasses .
Nick Jonas
Jonas had the most permanent goodbye of the series when Nate was shot and killed in the show 's penultimate episode , leaving the finale to serve as an opportunity for the other characters to , fittingly , say goodbye . “ The beautiful thing about my departure from the show was that everyone was on board to make it the best story and the best execution of that story possible , ” Jonas says . “ It was all hands on deck in that way , and I think when you feel that freedom to dive into something like that , it makes the end feel like it was totally worth it and that it was the right thing . ”
“ This has been the ride of a lifetime , ” Jonas continues . “ I 'm just really thankful to have been given the chance to go on that journey with everyone , and more than anything , Byron — thanks for writing great stuff . ”
Jonathan Tucker
Nate 's loss hit Jay ( Jonathan Tucker ) the hardest . From the pilot , the show told the story of two very different brothers leaning on each other to get through life . “ The potency of great relationships in real life or any form of art is always predicated on the fact that you know you 're going to lose somebody , ” Tucker says . “ Nothing is permanent . Real life is finite and fragile , and so much of our show really digs into those two ideas . ”
For Tucker , stories like Nate dying are one of the things that Kingdom did best : “ Life is real and it 's hard and it 's complicated and it 's beautiful and many times , it 's all those things at the same time , which is what I think Kingdom does well — it honors the complexities of life . ”
In terms of the series finale , one of Jay 's final scenes — and the last in which they have dialogue — is when they eulogize their brother in front of tens of thousands of people before their father 's fight . In that moment , Jay is balancing being a protective big brother and being a shell of a man as they both pays their respects to their brother and calls out everyone in the room who did n't accept their brother when they found out they were gay . Let 's just say that Jay is probably the only person who could work the phrase “ chicken s–t motherf–ker ” into a eulogy . As Tucker says , “ It 's one of the great things about Jay : Even in a moment like this , he 's willing to stand up for what they believe in and defend those that they love . ”
As for the moment after Alvey 's fight — which spoiler : Alvey wins — Jay and their father embrace in a way fans of the show have never seen . “ I whispered ‘ great fight , ' ” Tucker says , remembering the notes from the script that said to grab Alvey with softness and speak to them like a child . “ It is a step in the right direction , ” Tucker explains of the hug . “ We 're the only two people who really know what it 's like to lose Nate . They do n't know it the same way that I do in any respect , but there 's that comity of brotherhood . There are so many relationships that I 've witnessed in my journey where the bonds of loss reveal themselves amongst unlikely characters . Even if I acknowledge they were a part of Nate 's death , there 's still the gray of life that brings us together . ”
When it comes to saying goodbye to Jay , Tucker admits he 's struggled with leaving the character behind . “ I love acting and I 've read so much about it from so many different teachers in their books , online , in their classes . And yet , having pursued it as much as I have , I have never found a book that 's been like , well , this is how you let go of a character , this is the process of saying goodbye to a character , ” Tucker says . “ Saying goodbye is a wholly unique process and it 's one afforded to the luckiest amongst us because it means you 've had the chance to create an authentic character , a character that people have responded to , a character that 's been on the air now for 40 episodes . It 's this really beautiful and painful process to acknowledge what we 've done but also the pain that comes with it . It 's saying goodbye . It 's very challenging . ”
AT+T AUDIENCE/ENDEMOL SHINE STUDIO
Frank Grillo
A defeated Alvey will forever serve as the final shot of the series , and though Grillo admits he 'd hoped for another season in Alvey 's shoes , it is one helluva ending . “ Selfishly , I would 've loved to come back , but I think as far as the crescendo , the last scene with Alvey just sitting against a wall , if you were going to write an ending to a show , that 's kind of a cool ending , ” they say .
Of course , that last shot is the culmination of everything that 's happened to Alvey since the moment their son told them they were gay . “ It 's interesting because Frank the actor has known the character 's been gay the whole time , so I could n't wait for the audience to see them find out , ” Grillo says . “ I 'm glad that we got a chance at least to let the audience know that Alvey now knows that he 's gay . ”
As for what happened next and Nate 's death , Grillo admits the finale was not hard to film in terms of finding the emotion . “ Joanna [ Going ] and I are both parents , ” Grillo says specifically of the scene where Alvey breaks down in their kitchen , “ I think we were both kind of imagining the show without Nick . It was a bunch of different emotions . It was not a hard place to get to , believe me . We were sobbing like little kids . ”
And then there 's the Jay-Alvey hug . “ These are two men who are searching for something in their lives , ” Grillo says . “ Jonathan 's such a great actor ; he 's so amazing . It would 've been cool to explore not the fight world but the family world. ” However , as much as they would 've liked to continue telling this story , Grillo believes this is “ actually the perfect finale for a TV show . ”
And for him , they call Kingdom “ one of the greatest , if not the greatest , experiences of my career . Hands down . ”
Joanna Going
For Going , their greatest challenge in filming the series finale was not crying too much . “ The episode was effortless . I was holding it back , ” they say of the fact that Christina ended up having to be strong so that both Alvey and Jay could crumble . “ I 've always felt she 's strong , ” they say . “ It ultimately made sense because she 's lost Nate , but Jay is falling apart in front of their eyes and she 's got to take care of them and take care of Alvey . I think that 's all she 's ever wanted is to be taking care of someone , so they come through . ”
Going mirrors their castmates ' sentiments when it comes to the heartbreak surrounding the show ending before they were ready . “ There 's so much more I wanted to know about her , ” they say of their character . “ It was really hard . I loved playing her , it was the stretch of my career , it really challenged me and I loved playing with the people in that sandbox — all of those actors and our crew too . This was a different level of love and commitment for a project and we felt that from day one . It never got old . And we were always excited about these people and the story we were telling . I 'll really miss Byron 's words . I 'll really miss their writing . I 'm going to miss being on this journey with him . ”
Kiele Sanchez
If any character ended on a good note — at least professionally — it was Lisa , who took over Garo 's job as the president of King Beast Promotions . “ It was really wonderful to show a woman in a male-dominated world be the boss . I think it 's important in this day and age especially , like , right now , ” Sanchez says with a laugh . “ It is slightly satisfying for me that Lisa , in the end , pulled away from this idea of family . It 's something that has been the hole in their heart since their mom died when they were young and they found it in this world and with the Kulinas specifically , and even with the other fighters in the gym . At a certain point they looked around and saw that they were fighting for a family that gave them nothing , but that they had a history together . So for their own survival , they took the job at King Beast and made this huge jump forward as far as their career , as far as their own evolution as a person and in the end , I thought it was fitting that they were coronated as this queen of King Beast Promotions . It 's called King Beast and there 's a woman running it . ”
Sanchez admits that Nate 's death was a catalyst for Lisa making that decision . But their death — and the death of the show — is a big reason they have n't yet watched the final season . “ I 'm still shedding her , ” they say of letting go of Lisa . “ I said this to Byron : I watched the finale of Girls this season , I watched the finale of The Leftovers this season , and they were shows that knew that they were ending , and I feel like they ended in a way that felt incredibly satisfying . It also had to be satisfying for the creators and the actors to be like , all right , this is how this chapter of these people 's lives ends . I 'm sad and angry that we did n't get that , especially for Byron . It just all feels so cut short . ”
That being said , Sanchez looks back on their experience fondly , with their biggest takeaway being “ the connections I had with these people . I was honored to be a part of the stellar work all around me . There was n't a weak link . Every single person was completely dedicated and passionate about what we were doing and it was really a joy to work with these people . They 're all incredible people . ”
Nicole Wilder/DirecTV
Matt Lauria
“ In essence , this season is about family , ” Lauria says , reflecting on Ryan 's season 3 arc and their struggle in deciphering , “ Am I family or am I a commodity ? ” And despite some of their lapses , in the end , Ryan sided with their Navy Street family , with Nate 's death serving as the final thing that made them realize that they belonged .
“ When push comes to shove and Dom comes in and starts talking trash on Lisa and Alvey in the bar , I say , ‘ They 've been with me through a lot , ' and that 's my way of saying they 're my family and you do n't f–k with the family , ” Lauria says . “ And at the end of it , I choose them over them because they 're family . And then at the end of the season , it 's a redemption story . When the pressure is off me and I ca n't fight , it all becomes about : What does Alvey need , how can I help him , how can I be their brother ? ”
( Speaking of brothers , Lauria says there 's “ no doubt ” in their mind that Ryan will continue to visit Keith in jail for as long as he 's there . )
But when it comes to leaving Ryan behind , Lauria says : “ It was hard to shake off because I 'm so different than the version of myself that is Ryan . It takes me a while to shake it off and stop caring about the things that matter to Ryan as much . I spent a lot of time with this character and a lot of time in the world of the character . ”
Byron Balasco ( creator )
Ending the show one episode after killing a main character , Balasco took a risk , which ultimately paid off . “ Everybody stepped up , ” they say . “ These are really hard episodes to do because you can get into a feeling of aftermath , which can be a little bit boring , but I like the way that we did it . I 'm really impressed by the way the cast stepped up and took what could be a little bit melodramatic and really grounded it . It made the whole thing more visceral and more impactful . ”
Speaking to the fans , Balasco says , “ For those that watched , I 'm very grateful . Thank you . We will miss making the show , but I 'm very gratified with the 40 episodes we made and that it 's out there in the world . ”
Advertisement After 50 years , passenger rail returns to Burlington $ 10M federal grant will continue service from Rutland to the Queen City Share Copy Link Copy
After more than 50 years passenger rail service is coming back to Downtown Burlington.With the help of a $ 10 million federal grant , service from Rutland to the Queen City will be back in business.Watch this story “ We received 627 eligible applications from 50 states and several U.S. territories , including numerous tribal governments . One of the very best plans we received was from your leaders right here in Vermont , ” U.S. Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx said.It could be `` all aboard '' Amtrak 's Ethan Allen Express Train Line in as little as five years. ” You are not only going to improve infrastructure with this project . You are going to transform communities along the rail line , ” Foxx said.Right now , the Ethan Allen line has service from New York City to Rutland . After the total $ 26 million project fixes 11 miles of track it will be possible to make the Big Apple trip from Burlington . The project aims to improve freight movement in the region . With the goal of helping Vermont businesses grow globally. “ These are high-tech innovative projects that we need in the 21st century . They are efforts that will raise the bar on safety , they will support our economy ; they will allow citizens in this community have access to a better life , ” Foxx said.The rail project includes installing three new passenger platforms in Middlebury , Vergennes and Burlington . As well as new crossing gates in several locations.When the final golden spike is hammered into the new rail line you can expect an hour and a half commute from the Queen City to the Marble City. ” There it is . We are going have rail service here in Burlington , the only major community in the region that does n't have railroad service . This is going to be tremendous , '' Rep Peter Welch said .
The first debate between John McCain and Barack Obama , scheduled for tonight , remained in limbo last night after the presidential candidates left a White House meeting without a deal on a $ 700 billion economic rescue plan .
Democrats immediately blamed McCain for disrupting the effort at compromise , saying their decision to suspend their campaign and return to Washington shifted the klieg lights of the White House contest to the tense and delicate congressional negotiations .
Those discussions , which had appeared promising early in the day , culminated in the late-afternoon meeting held by President Bush . But instead of producing a joint statement of success , McCain and Obama slipped out of a gathering that those present described as contentious and unproductive .
`` What this looked like to me was a rescue plan for John McCain for two hours , '' said an angry Sen. Christopher J. Dodd ( D-Conn. ) , who had all but declared the deal done earlier in the day . `` To be distracted for two to three hours for political theater does n't help . ''
In interviews after the meeting , Obama pointed a finger at their rival for the faltering talks , saying on CNN that `` when you start injecting presidential politics into delicate negotiations , you can actually inject more problems , rather than less . ''
Their spokesperson Bill Burton was more blunt , accusing McCain of turning `` a national crisis into an occasion to promote their campaign . It 's become just another political stunt , aimed more at shoring up the senator 's political fortunes than the nation 's economy . ''
In response , senior McCain adviser Steve Schmidt accused Obama of playing politics , saying the negotiations had been far from resolved and challenging the Democratic nominee to `` publish the list of members of Congress who were going to vote for this . Because in reality , there is not a list of a majority of Democrats and Republicans who are willing to vote for it . ''
McCain said they are `` hopeful '' that a deal can be reached soon , despite opposition from many House Republicans who have consistently balked at the bailout cost and produced a far different proposal in the 11th hour yesterday .
`` There are a variety of concerns , I think a lot of them have been satisfied , '' McCain said on ABC 's `` World News Tonight '' after the meeting . `` And I believe and I 'm hopeful that we can satisfy all of them and move forward very quickly . They are aware of the urgency . ''
Obama and McCain both held out hope that they could still meet in Oxford , Miss. , tonight for their long-scheduled first debate as they settled in to overnight in Washington . `` I think they know that I 'm going to be there , '' Obama said in their own appearance on ABC . But McCain 's campaign said that no travel decisions had been made as of last night .
`` I understand how important this debate is and I am hopeful , '' McCain said on ABC News .
The independent Commission on Presidential Debates said yesterday that it is `` moving forward '' with its plans for the face-off .
Tony Romo : I need to be better to lift Cowboys
Tony Romo : I need to be better to lift Cowboys by Mike Dyce
On Thursday morning , the 2014 FIFA World Cup begins . As is customary , host nation Brazil will kick off the tournament with a match up against Group A foe Croatia .
Once the Brazil vs. Croatia game begins , the World Cup will be in full swing with more than 60 games set to take place throughout the next few weeks .
This year 's tournament features a talent field of 32 nations including favorites like Brazil , Germany , Spain and Portugal , but there is no guarantee that all of the teams will be able to advance towards the group stage to the knockout round .
If they do , they will have an opportunity to join the elite list of nations who have won a World Cup .
For a handful of teams , a win in 2014 would add another trophy to their collection , while others are looking to earn a World Cup win for the first time in history .
Below is a list of every FIFA World Cup winner to date , along with the runners-up , host cities and scores :
Year Host Winner Runner-Up Score 1930 Uruguay Uruguay Argentina 4-2 1934 Italy Italy Czechoslovakia 2-1 1938 France Italy Hungary 4-2 1950 Brazil Uruguay Brazil 2-1 1954 Switzerland West Germany Hungary 3-2 1958 Sweden Brazil Sweden 5-2 1962 Chile Brazil Czechoslovakia 3-1 1966 England England West Germany 4-2 1970 Mexico Brazil Italy 4-1 1974 West Germany Netherlands 2-1 1978 Argentina Argentina Netherlands 3-1 1982 Spain Italy West Germany 3-1 1986 Mexico Argentina West Germany 3-2 1990 Italy West Germany Argentina 1-0 1994 United States Brazil Italy 0-0 ( P ) 1998 France France Brazil 3-0 2002 South Korea/Japan Brazil Germany 2-0 2006 Germany Italy France 1-1 ( P ) 2010 South Africa Spain Netherlands 1-0 ( AET )
Who will join the group following this year 's tournament ? Sounds off in the comments section with your thoughts and predictions for the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
Image caption Citibank has rejected the claim made by the Lehman trustee
The trustee handling the liquidation of the collapsed US investment bank Lehman Brothers has taken legal action against Citibank .
The trustee is seeking to recover cash and assets worth about $ 1.3bn ( £800m ) .
The main part of the claim relates to a $ 1bn deposit demanded by Citibank in return for continuing to provide foreign exchange settlements after Lehman filed for bankruptcy in 2008 .
Citibank said the claim was `` unjustified and without merit '' .
In addition to the $ 1bn deposit , the trustee is also seeking to recover $ 300m of deposits that Citibank froze at the time .
Citibank said the sums had gone towards covering losses resulting from the Lehman collapse , with the rest being offset against other obligations Lehman had to Citi .
Last month Citigroup , which owns Citibank , acknowledged that it could face claims to the tune of some $ 3bn from Lehman 's bankruptcy proceedings .
Lehman deposited $ 2bn with Citigroup in June 2008 , before its collapse in September . The money has not been recovered .
The collapse of Lehman Brothers sparked a financial crisis and a global recession that is still proving painful for people and companies across the globe .
- Advertisement -
Weedpedia is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program , an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com .
The Newest Weed Trend
Although it might sound crazy , this new trend is real and has been lighting up the internet recently . Rose petal blunts are a real thing and they seem to be the trendiest new way to roll up .
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Google+
Gmail
While it is n't something completely new , this hot weed trend started smoking after Twitter user @ simple_sasha tweeted a quick video on how to roll a rose petal blunt . With almost 100,000 retweets and 260,000 likes , this short video has been taking social media by storm .
Is it safe ?
When you first think about it , smoking rose petals sounds like a crazy idea ! And it can be if you are not sure where your roses come from or how they are grown . Your best shot at trying this in a safe way is by purchasing an organic rose , that does not have any pesticides or other harmful chemicals that would be unsafe to smoke , or by growing your own roses without pesticides . While some question the safety of this method , you should be completely fine as long as you have safe rose petals . There is currently no data that smoking rose petals is worse than anything else that is smoked , such as tobacco . In most cases , smoking rose petals can be safer than tobacco , as it lacks many of the chemicals that are either present or added in tobacco .
- Advertisement -
Functional and floral , the rose wrap is great as either a cool party trick or even as a romantic gesture . I 'm sure the most self-proclaimed stoners would much rather get a bouquet of rose blunts than a bouquet rose . The rose blunt also helps to open the world of blunts to people who do not or can not use tobacco wraps . Thanks to @ simple_sasha and their simple guide , we can all enjoy our own rose blunts using just three rose petals and an oven .
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Google+
Gmail
How to roll a rose petal blunt
The first step to rolling a rose blunt is to pick off the 3 nicest petals from the rose , making sure none of them have any holes or cuts in them . Set them together on an ovenproof dish . After you have your three rose petals ready , you will want to set your oven to broil . After the oven is ready to go , put the rose petals in for 10 seconds . They should be a darker color upon pulling them out of the oven . At this point , you want to lick the bottom of the rose petals and stick them together to form the base of the rose petal wrap . Once you lick and stick the three rose petals together , put them in for another 10 seconds on broil . Let the petals rest for 2 minutes after pulling them out of the oven . After this brief wait , the petals should be a good consistency to use as you roll up your rose blunt . Pack as much as you can in so it is easier to roll it tightly . These rose petal blunts roll similar to a Backwoods cigar . Our final step is optional , but can help to make sure the seal on your rose blunt sticks . Put it on the bottom shelf to broil for 10 more seconds . Once the rose blunt comes out from this final 10 second broils , you will want to wait another two minutes for it to finish setting .
HOW TO ROLL A ROSE BLUNT pic.twitter.com/2Cr26rzllF — Sasha ? ( @ simple_sasha ) September 14 , 2017
Although @ simple_sasha does not comment on the health effects of smoking rose petals , you should be safe as long as you are using an organic or homegrown rose . There is an inherent danger when inhaling smoke , but there are no studies that show that rose petal smoke is more harmful than cannabis . Organic rose petals are even a common ingredient in most herbal smoking blends , so it is n't as strange as it seems to see someone rolling up with roses . Sasha does mention that the rose petal blunt does have a very floral and earthy taste , much different than that of paper or tobacco wrap .
Whether you are looking for a way to spice up your smoking or trying to stop smoking so many blunt wraps , rolling a rose petal blunt is an awesome way to get high . Another great flower you can add to your cannabis instead of rolling with it is lavender ! Lavender adds a refined , sweet taste to cannabis and can really stretch out a spliff if you do not want to use tobacco .
EMPORIA , Kan. ( AP ) - John Irsik and Drake Lutes enjoyed success last weekend in the Special Olympics state games in Wichita when both achieved their goals of winning gold medals .
As part of team Emporia Express , the two say they share something more meaningful than achieving gold , The Emporia Gazette ( https : //bit.ly/2s6eeot ) reported .
They share a special bond through the friendship they 've developed through their love of Special Olympics .
“ John is my friend , ” Drake Lutes , 11 , said . “ He helps me at the games , and we have a lot of fun together . They are so nice and is a very special friend . ”
Irsik , 31 , has competed in Special Olympics for about 23 years . They won gold medals in the softball throw and in swimming events including the freestyle and backstroke . They received a second-place finish in the standing long jump and eighth place in the 200-meter run .
“ Participating in the state games is a lot fun , ” John Irsik said . “ It felt great to win the medals . I really look forward to the games each year . I mostly like spending time with my friends there . ”
Drake 's mother , Shelly Lutes , said they and their family love John and their mentoring of Drake .
“ I love that John is a big brother to Drake , ” they said . “ Drake looks up to him . My girls , Natasha and Abigail , love him . It feels like they are part of our family . John really looks out for Drake . ”
Shelly said this was the second year Drake had competed in the games , and since day one , John took Drake under their wing .
“ Last year , I remember them putting sunblock all over Drake , just coating them in it , ” they said . “ My first response was , ‘ I 'm glad Drake is n't allergic , ' but because of that , Drake was the only one who came away from the event who was n't sunburned . John really makes sure Drake is never left behind . That 's how a lot of the athletes are . I love the family atmosphere . Everyone looks out for one another and pitches in when someone needs it . ”
Drake won their gold medal in the 50-meter run . They placed third in standing long jump and their jump was a personal best for him . They also received a fourth-place finish in the 400-meter race/walk .
“ Drake 's 50-meter run was so exciting , ” Shelly Lutes said . “ He finished in first place , but less than a second separated first from second place . It was such a close race . From our perspective , we thought they won but were not sure until we got down on the field . I was crying a little since it was their first gold medal ever . It was a pretty big deal to him .
“ To see their accomplishment - they were so proud . The long jump was their very first event of the day and it was their best jump ever . They take a lot of pride in their accomplishments and so do we . ”
Shelly Lutes said other Special Olympians take pride in helping their fellow athletes .
“ Drake has excellent role models and it provides a really nice outlet for him , ” they said . “ He knows how the other athletes act and knows they have to hold themselves accountable for their actions . They were the youngest member from our group who participated in the state games . He 's the little guy now , but someday he 'll be the big guy . ”
John Irsik said they have learned how to succeed with the help of others who volunteer to help coach and mentor .
“ My freestyle was so tough , ” they said . “ I had a volunteer who helped me learn how to do a flip turn last year and this year , it made all the difference for me . I was able to win the gold . I was able to do it perfectly . ”
John 's mother , Deb Irsik , said John has enjoyed success because he 's had great coaches .
“ We have wonderful coaches , ” they said . “ Nancy Rumold has done this for 20-some years . She 's never gotten a dime as they are totally a volunteer . The athletes call them anytime , not only about athletics but anytime they have a problem . They are wonderful . ”
Deb Irsik said John enjoys helping them at home with dishes , mowing the yard and other chores as well as helping others .
“ John and Drake have really formed a special bond , ” they said . “ John really takes the younger athletes under their wing . When another boy started , they would n't swim or play basketball unless John was there . The kids are really drawn to him , even ( neurotypical ) kids . They are so open and kids really seem to like him . ”
Deb Irsik said they loved what Special Olympics has taught their son and others .
“ Another parent shared with me after John won the gold medal in swimming , ‘ When we started this journey , I really pushed my kid to medal , but these kids teach you how to lose gracefully , ' ” they said .
John Irsik said they enjoyed their eighth-place ribbon just as much as their gold medals , and for special reasons .
“ I won a brown ribbon for eighth place in the 200-meter run , ” they said . “ It was such a tough race and I finished eighth of eight participants . It was special to me because I was able to finish the race , and this ribbon was the hardest for me to receive . On the back , it says , ‘ for skill , courage , sharing and joy . ' ”
Deb Irsik shared , “ This was on Sunday , the last day , and John came up to me and said , ‘ Wow Mom , I do n't have one like this or this color . ' They were so excited about it . They had medaled in everything up to this point , and this was their brown ribbon . ”
Shelly Lutes said they were somewhat hesitant to first put Drake in the program , but wished now they would have done it sooner .
“ I was n't sure it was right for us , ” they said . “ After their first practice , I wish we would have started when they were 8 . To see Drake 's independence has been great . It 's such a wonderful way for kids to gain independence . That is a very big goal I have for Drake .
“ I think Special Olympics is a wonderful opportunity for all of our athletes . They can really excel at their own ability level , which I think is important for all of them . I think it 's also a wonderful opportunity to build these lifelong friendships . ”
Deb Irsik said John has developed a deep passion for not only the games , but the friendships that come with being a part of Special Olympics .
“ John really loves Special Olympics , ” they said . “ He ca n't wait for each season to come along so they can practice and train . We 've got bowling coming up , volleyball , basketball , track , swimming and this year we have softball .
“ His sister , who is 17 , and their boyfriend , who throws the javelin , came to watch John throw the softball and that 's why they won the gold , because they were there supporting him . I do n't think they would have thrown that way for just me being there . Now they have something in common with their sister 's boyfriend . Special Olympics helps John feel like an athlete . ”
___
Information from : The Emporia ( Kan. ) Gazette , https : //www.emporiagazette.com/
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC .
Students at University of Oregon
Students walk on campus at the University of Oregon on March 3 , 2016 . Student workers could see their hours cut as minimum wages go up .
( Andrew Theen/The Oregonian )
As Oregon lawmakers celebrated passage of a historic minimum wage hike last week , leaders at each of the seven public universities were pulling out their calculators .
Oregon 's four-year universities collectively pay thousands of mostly student workers the minimum wage , and those workers will be owed millions in the coming years as that wage ratchets up across the state .
`` This is a big hit , '' Di Saunders , Oregon Institute of Technology 's associate vice president of communications , said in an email .
The law also comes as universities budget for a two-year funding cycle with an expectation that the state financial picture will take a significant turn for the worse , driven in part by massive public-pension obligations .
`` It creates some tough choices , '' Steve Clark , Oregon State University 's spokesperson said of additional minimum-wage costs .
The first step of Oregon 's new wage law goes into effect in July , when the minimum wage will increase 50 cents , to $ 9.75 an hour . Hourly pay will eventually rise to $ 14.75 inside Portland 's urban growth boundary , $ 13.50 in midsize counties and $ 12.50 in rural areas by 2022 .
At Portland State , where pension obligations are expected to jump by $ 13 million in the 2017-19 two-year budget cycle , there are few places to turn . Minimum wage will cost PSU an estimated $ 2.5 million more during the biennium .
`` We anticipate we will address these [ wages ] through budget cuts and increased revenue , '' Suzanne Pardington Effros , PSU spokesperson , said in an email .
Tobin Klinger , a University of Oregon spokesperson , said the vast majority of employees making the minimum are students not working in federally funded work-study jobs . They 're hired by the schools and paid hourly , and they work in administrative offices , maintenance jobs and elsewhere on campus .
Oregon 's new minimum could put more money in some students ' pockets , but it will more likely lead administrations to either cut back on the number of students they hire or the number of hours they 're allowed to work . Officials will likely turn to another frequent source of revenue to make up the difference : tuition dollars .
At the University of Oregon , where the Board of Trustees just voted to raise tuition by 4.8 percent for in-state students in the fall , the new wage will cost an extra $ 432,779 to implement during the 2017 fiscal year alone .
The annual wage increase would have a compounding effect .
In the 2017-19 biennium , UO would owe an estimated $ 2.3 million in additional wages . By the next funding cycle , the university would owe an extra $ 3.4 million in wages , according to university estimates . By the 2021-23 biennium , that figure would top $ 6.1 million .
Klinger said the minimum wage is `` another challenge '' universities face , and the school is assessing its options .
For the Beavers , the extra wages due to students in the next biennium would be at least $ 4.8 million .
OSU is in a special situation , Clark said , because the school employs students in each of the three state-approved wage areas .
OSU has more than 7,800 student positions , and more than half of them pay less than what will become the new minimum in July .
`` It 's very complicated for Oregon State and will require decisions to be made , '' Clark said in an email , adding the law will `` affect all aspects of Oregon State 's operations and even research that involves student employees . '' By the 2019 fiscal year , Clark said , the school could look at reducing the number of student jobs by 650 to 700 positions to cut costs .
Oregon 's smaller public universities will also feel the pinch .
Western Oregon , where an estimated 886 students are employed , will owe nearly $ 450,000 in extra wages in the next biennium .
Southern Oregon would owe $ 299,272 during the same period , while Oregon Institute of Technology would owe a similar figure .
Eastern Oregon would owe its workers an extra $ 162,907 for the same period .
-- Andrew Theen
atheen @ oregonian.com
503-294-4026
@ andrewtheen
CategoriesAspyr News Civilization VI : Mobile Deal Alerts Game Launches
Here at Aspyr Media , we LOVE Sid Meier 's Civilization . Steam , Mac App Store , board games , meta-challenges on r/civ —we play it all . Our team had a vision though : Civilization VI on iPad . After much research , development , and some magic , we made it happen . We are proud to announce Civilization VI is available right now in the Apple App Store . Read the full announcement below !
Sid Meier 's Civilization VI , the 2016 Strategy Game of the Year , is available today in the iOS App Store for a limited-time discounted price of $ 29.99 * on iPad , with the FIRST 60 TURNS FREE TO PLAY . Rebuilt with touch controls , Civilization VI is the first flagship entry in the award-winning turn-based strategy franchise to be playable on iOS . Your empire is now mobile .
Originally created by legendary game designer Sid Meier and published by 2K , Civilization is a turn-based strategy game in which you attempt to build an empire to stand the test of time . Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the Stone Age to the Information Age . Wage war , conduct diplomacy , advance your culture , and go head-to-head with history 's greatest leaders as you attempt to build the greatest civilization the world has ever known .
Sid Meier 's Civilization VI includes : EXPANSIVE EMPIRES : See the marvels of your empire spread across the map like never before . Each city spans multiple tiles so you can custom-build your cities to take full advantage of the local terrain . ACTIVE RESEARCH : Unlock boosts that speed your civilization 's progress through history . To advance more quickly , use your units to actively explore , develop your environment , and discover new cultures . DYNAMIC DIPLOMACY : Interactions with other civilizations change over the course of the game , from primitive first interactions where conflict is a fact of life , to late game alliances and negotiations . COMBINED ARMS : Expanding on the “ one unit per tile ” design , support units can now be embedded with other units , like anti-tank support with infantry , or a warrior with settlers . Similar units can also be combined to form powerful “ Corps ” units . LOCAL MULTIPLAYER : In addition to traditional multiplayer modes , cooperate and compete with your friends in a wide variety of situations all designed to be easily completed in a single session . A CIV FOR ALL PLAYERS : Civilization VI provides veteran players new ways to build and tune their civilization for the greatest chance of success . New tutorial systems are designed to introduce new players to the underlying concepts of Civilization so they can easily get started on a path to victory .
* Civilization VI is currently on sale for 50 percent off and is regularly priced at $ 59.99 . This sale will end on January 4 , 2018 at 11:59 p.m. PST . Prices and availability may vary by territory . Sale only available on the App Store .
* * Civilization VI requires iOS 11 on an iPad Air 2 , iPad 2017 , or any iPad Pro . Please note , Civilization VI on iPad includes the base game , and does not include DLC or the Rise and Fall expansion .
Writers often distinguish narcissists ( someone with Narcissistic Personality Disorder ) and codependents as opposites , but surprisingly , though their outward behavior may differ , they share many psychological traits . In fact , narcissists exhibit core codependent symptoms of shame , denial , control , dependency ( unconscious ) , and dysfunctional communication and boundaries , all leading to intimacy problems . One study showed a significant correlation between narcissism and codependency . [ i ] Although most narcissists can be classified as codependent , but the reverse is n't true – most codependents are n't narcissists . They do n't exhibit common traits of exploitation , entitlement , and lack of empathy .
Dependency
Codependency is a disorder of a “ lost self. ” Codependents have lost their connection to their innate self . Instead , their thinking and behavior revolve around a person , substance , or process . Narcissists also suffer from a lack of connection to their true self . In its place , they 're identified with their ideal self . Their inner deprivation and lack connection to their real self makes them dependent on others for validation . Consequently , like other codependents , their self-image , thinking , and behavior are other-oriented in order to stabilize and validate their self-esteem and fragile ego .
Ironically , despite declared high self-regard , narcissists crave recognition from others and have an insatiable need to be admired – to get their “ narcissistic supply. ” This makes them as dependent on recognition from others as an addict is on their addiction .
Shame
Shame is at the core of codependency and addiction . It stems from growing up in a dysfunctional family . Narcissists ' inflated self-opinion is commonly mistaken for self-love . However , exaggerated self-flattery and arrogance merely assuage unconscious , internalized shame that is common among codependents .
Children develop different ways of coping with the anxiety , insecurity , and hostility that they experience growing up in dysfunctional families . Internalized shame can result despite parents ' good intentions and lack of overt abuse . To feel safe , children adopt coping patterns that give arise to an ideal self . One strategy is to accommodate other people and seek their love , affection , and approval . Another is to seek recognition , mastery , and domination over others . Stereotypical codependents fall into the first category , and narcissists the second . They seek power and control of their environment in order to get their needs met . Their pursuit of prestige , superiority , and power help them to avoid feeling inferior , vulnerable , needy , and helpless at all costs .
These ideals are natural human needs ; however , for codependents and narcissists they 're compulsive and thus neurotic . Additionally , the more a person pursues their ideal self , the further they depart from their real self , which only increases their insecurity , false self , and sense of shame . ( For more about these patterns and how shame and codependency co-emerge in childhood , see Conquering Shame and Codependency . )
Denial
Denial is a core symptom of codependency . Codependents are generally in denial of their codependency and often their feelings and many needs . Similarly , narcissists deny feelings , particularly those that express vulnerability . Many wo n't admit to feelings of inadequacy , even to themselves . They disown and often project onto others feelings that they consider “ weak , ” such as longing , sadness , loneliness , powerlessness , guilt , fear , and variations of them . Anger makes them feel powerful . Rage , arrogance , envy , and contempt are defenses to underlying shame .
Codependents deny their needs , especially emotional needs , which were neglected or shamed growing up . Some codependents act self-sufficient and readily put others needs first . Other codependents are demanding of people to satisfy their needs . Narcissists also deny emotional needs . They wo n't admit that they 're being demanding and needy , because having needs makes them feel dependent and weak . They judge as needy .
Although , narcissists do n't usually put the needs of others first , some narcissists are actually people-pleasers and can be very generous . In addition to securing the attachment of those they depend on , often their motive is for recognition or to feel superior or grandiose by virtue of the fact that they 're able to aid people they consider inferior . Like other codependents , they may feel exploited by and resentful toward the people they help .
Many narcissists hide behind a facade of self-sufficiency and aloofness when it comes to needs for emotional closeness , support , grieving , nurturing , and intimacy . The quest of power protects them from experiencing the humiliation of feeling weak , sad , afraid , or wanting or needing anyone—ultimately , to avoid rejection and feeling shame . Only the threat of abandonment reveals how dependent they truly are .
Dysfunctional Boundaries
Like other codependents , narcissists have unhealthy boundaries , because theirs were n't respected growing up . They do n't experience other people as separate but as extensions of themselves . As a result , they project thoughts and feelings onto others and blame them for their shortcomings and mistakes , all of which they can not tolerate in themselves . Additionally , lack of boundaries makes them thin-skinned , highly reactive , and defensive , and causes them to take everything personally .
Most codependents share these patterns of blame , reactivity , defensiveness , and taking things personally . The behavior and degree or direction of feelings might vary , but the underlying process is similar . For example , many codependents react with self-criticism , self-blame , or withdrawal , while others react with aggression and criticism or blame of someone else . Yet , both behaviors are reactions to shame and demonstrate dysfunctional boundaries . ( In some cases , confrontation or withdrawal might be an appropriate response , but not if it 's a habitual , compulsive reaction . )
Dysfunctional Communication
Like other codependents , narcissists ' communication is dysfunctional . They generally lack assertiveness skills . Their communication often consists of criticism , demands , labeling , and other forms of verbal abuse . On the other hand , some narcissists intellectualize , obfuscate , and are indirect . Like other codependents , they find it difficult to identify and clearly state their feelings . Although they may express opinions and take positions more easily than other codependents , they frequently have trouble listening and are dogmatic and inflexible . These are signs of dysfunctional communication that evidence insecurity and lack of respect for the other person .
Control
Like other codependents , narcissists seek control . Control over our environment helps us to feel safe . The greater our anxiety and insecurity , the greater is our need for control . When we 're dependent on others for our security , happiness , and self-worth , what people think , say , and do become paramount to our sense of well-being and even safety . We 'll try to control them directly or indirectly with people-pleasing , lies , or manipulation . If we 're frightened or ashamed of our feelings , such as anger or grief , then we attempt to control our feelings . Other people 's anger or grief will upset us , so that they must be avoided or controlled , too .
Intimacy
Finally , the combination of all these patterns makes intimacy challenging for narcissists and codependents , alike . Relationships ca n't thrive without clear boundaries that afford partners freedom and respect . They require that we 're autonomous , have assertive communication skills , and self-esteem .
If you have a relationship with a narcissist , check out my book , Dealing with a Narcissist : How to Raise Self-Esteem and Set Boundaries with Difficult People .
[ i ] Irwin , H. J . ( 1995 ) Codependence , Narcissism , and Childhood Trauma . Journal of Clinical Psychology 51:5 .
©Darlene Lancer 2017
- Advertisement -
Now that we know at least some members of our Congress were intimidated into voting for corporate welfare with the understanding that if the measure did n't pass - it was likely Bush would have to declare Martial Law . It was “ frighten , scare , claim the global economy would collapse and cause widespread panic , ushering in Martial Law because of our Congress 's inability to act fast while there was still time ; It was 911 all over again , but this time , there were no mass causalities except the American and global economies . The casualties will come later , when this measure barely halts the global readjustment that is occurring as the US loses its status of being the world 's most solid economy .
The question we face is what 's next ? I hate to ask what could possibly go wrong now , and I 'm usually answered rather quickly as something else immediately goes haywire . I believe that for millions of Americans , many are asking themselves that same question ; “ What 's Next ? ” We have just witnessed our Congress giving into a President with a 24 % approval rating . and in this matter , the people were decidedly against the bail-out , yet it happened anyway , with Nancy Pelosi bellowing that it was crucial that this measure pass . This is n't Mrs. Pelosi 's first time acting as Bush 's spokesperson , and their “ taking impeachment off the table ” has endeared their office with that of the Bush administration , effectively rendering them useless as the Democratic Speaker of The House . Pelosi needs to switch their party affiliation or dispose of their “ God Syndrome ” where they believe that their opinion is more important then those who voted them into office and expect them to vote their will .
Millions of Americans seem to be worried that Bush/Cheney will declare Martial Law sometime before Obama is scheduled to take office unless the GOP effectively steals another election . My site has been very busy lately , and people all over the United States and the world are searching for any information they can find on Martial Law , FEMA Internment Camps , NSPD-51 , and the “ Thought Crime Prevention Bill. ” The government 's recent actions , coupled with the unconstitutional behavior we witnessed at the RNC Convention has many people wondering if freedom is now nothing more than an illusion . On a daily basis , we hear new allegations of the GOP attempting to purge voter rolls and generally disenfranchise voters , behavior we would expect to see emanating from a Third World Country .
The most shocking evidence that we 're going to find ourselves under Martial Law was written by Wayne Madsen - and it 's bone-chilling to understand that this is what many of us on “ the left ” have been predicting for almost two years or more :
- Advertisement -
FEMA sources confirm coming martial law Wayne Madsen
WMR
October 8 , 2008 WMR has learned from knowledgeable Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) sources that the Bush administration is putting the final touches on a plan that would see martial law declared in the United States with various scenarios anticipated as triggers . The triggers include a continuing economic collapse with massive social unrest , bank closures resulting in violence against financial institutions , and another fraudulent presidential election that would result in rioting in major cities and campuses around the country . - Advertisement - In addition , Army Corps of Engineer sources report that the assignment of the 3rd Infantry Division 's 1st Brigade Combat Team ( BCT ) to the Northern Command 's U.S. Army North is to augment FEMA and federal law enforcement in the imposition of traffic controls , crowd control , curfews , enhanced border and port security , and neighborhood patrols in the event a national emergency being declared . The BCT was assigned to duties in Iraq before being assigned to the Northern Command . On April 3 , 2008 , WMR reported on a highly-classified document regarding the martial law scenario : WMR has learned from knowledgeable sources within the US financial community that an alarming confidential and limited distribution document is circulating among senior members of Congress and their senior staff members that is warning of a bleak future for the United States if it does not quickly get its financial house in order . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is among those who have reportedly read the document . The document is being called the “ C & R ” document because it reportedly states that if the United States defaults on loans and debt underwriting from China , Japan , and Russia , all of which are propping up the United States government financially , and the United States unilaterally cancels the debts , America can expect a war that will have disastrous results for the United States and the world . “ Conflict ” is the “ C word ” in the document . The other scenario is that the federal government will be forced to drastically raise taxes in order to pay off debts to foreign countries to the point that the American people will react with a popular revolution against the government . “ Revolution ” is the document 's “ R word . LINK
When I read the above story , I also verified Wayne Madsen 's Biography - and it 's impressive to the point that we must take the above report seriously . We know the FEMA Internment Camps are in place , manned , yet many of them contain no occupants . There is still a press blackout on this issue , although for the health and safety of the American public , it should be actively debated in Congress . Select members of Congress are aware of these plans yet no one is raising the alarm to the people . Is Congress complicit with turning the United States into a Police State , or are they too terrified and worried about their own safety to act/react ? ? ?
One thing is sure . In spite of the danger of Martial Law , the “ C & R ” document described above also describes an extremely alarming scenario : “ The document is being called the “ C & R ” document because it reportedly states that if the United States defaults on loans and debt underwriting from China , Japan , and Russia , all of which are propping up the United States government financially , and the United States unilaterally cancels the debts , America can expect a war that will have disastrous results for the United States and the world . Whether or not we face confinement in internment camps , our concentration should be centered on the document that speaks of a probability of war between Russia , China , and Japan . That may sound far-fetched , however , all of these economies have invested heavily in America - and if their debt is canceled unilaterally , I do see the possibility that as the US economy drags down our allies and enemies - there will be a global hostility aimed at the United States for crashing the world economy that will transcend territorial boundaries .
It was Bush and their greedy cronies that helped to get us into this mess . I agree that this is a crisis that can not wait until a new President assumes power . We learned from the Great Depression the root of its causes and what is necessary to prevent another one . One thing is certain . Inaction is a guarantee that we will succumb to another Great Depression , however , if we act fast , it can be avoided . I read somewhere on the net this morning that financial representatives were being sent from Obama and McCain 's respective camps to work on a solution that can be implemented immediately . We fell into the last Great Depression because of the government 's failure to act swiftly to stem the tide of financial insolvency that began in Europe , Austria to be exact , which spread to Germany and then the United States . Let the financial wizards from the Obama and McCain camp work this one out ; the insane have been running the asylum for far too long . The decisions made today need to be those of our next President , and thankfully , unless another election is stolen , that President will be Barack Obama .
President Bush can easily declare Martial Law if our economic system fails , and right now , we have no guarantees that it wont . I do note that the White House and Congress is addressing this with all of the significance it deserves ; lets hope that George Bush , in their final act as our President , does n't declare “ null and void ” all of our debts to Russia , China , and Japan . It would be the one act of unmitigated insolence that was pre-designed to embroil us in another war - one that earth itself can not win .
- Advertisement -
On one web site , I read a plea to the “ 3rd Infantry Division 's 1st Brigade Combat Team ” to please refrain from shooting or killing American citizens . I would expand that plea to all police officers , federal employees , and the entirety of our law enforcement agencies . Law and order is a prerequisite in this nation , and none of would ask you to shirk from your duties . If people destroy pubic property , they need to be arrested , with the least amount of force possible , . and all efforts put forth to keep the peace . It does n't mean arresting demonstrators that have done nothing wrong . nor does it justify sneaking off in the very early hours of the morning and rounding-up all of us who are on DHS 's Terrorist Watch List . You can be added to that list for attending a peaceful protest , and Maryland state troopers recently added several people to the terrorist watch list for belonging to “ three groups advocating peace and protesting the death penalty. ” Better watch these people ; they do n't believe in the death penalty and might strap-on bombs and kill people who are for capitol punishment ( sic ) , which would go against everything they believe in . If you 've sent an email , registered an anonymous comment that is derogatory to the Bush administration , then chances are that you also grace a list that is almost as absurd as the tenants of Patriot Act II and NSPD-51 .
To America 's Federal , State , and Local Police Agencies . We are well aware of Operation Falcon and know that plans are in effect to pick up and detain many citizens that are on the Terrorist Watch List . Consider that while your task force is busily at work , Task Force G-53 arrested your brother and sister for being on that very list you use to arrest innocent Americans . When all of the “ dissidents ” are rounded-up , placed in internment camps that will eventually lose track of what happened to their prisoners - there will be a huge cry from the very authorities that made these sweeps as they find out many of their own loved ones were also swept-up - although the lists will remain as confidential as possible . Nevertheless , the underground of American society will alert those who lost family members , and the basis for full-scale revolution will be born .
Arizona has already stated they will succeed from the Union if Martial Law is declared , and I believe they would be closely followed by Vermont and then a slew of states that demand to retain control of their own sovereignty . The President may believe that they can control the United States through a declaration of Martial Law , however , citizens know that we can weather almost any situation without stripping us of our rightr and resorting to measures that only a dictator and hater of freedom would employ .
Next Page 1 | 2
INDIANAPOLIS -- One of the most consistent things that have come out of Indianapolis Colts general manager Ryan Grigson and coach Chuck Pagano 's mouth this offseason is the desire to have competition for playing time .
Who knows how Corey Lynch would have fit into the competition for the starting safety spot next season , but their season-ending injury intensifies the battle for that starting spot .
The Colts signed veteran safety Mike Adams over the weekend to take Lynch 's spot on the roster .
Adams , 33 , is past their prime , but they have something Delano Howell , Colt Anderson , David Sims and Sergio Brown do n't have : experience .
Adams has started 73 of the 146 games he 's appeared in during their 10-year career . Howell , Anderson , Sims and Brown have combined for 13 starts in their career . Adams played in all 16 games for a third straight season last season while with the Denver Broncos .
It 's unclear how much Adams has left because we 're in the middle of June and they just now got signed . Adams told Sirius XM NFL Radio recently , “ This is the longest I 've ever waited to get picked up , so the anxiety is starting to pick up now . ”
Howell has the inside track to start alongside LaRon Landry at the safety , but the Colts now have some added insurance in Adams in case Howell ca n't lock down the position .
Greetings , fellow fashionistas of Tyria ! Welcome to another edition of Thrifty Threads !
Ever since launch , the way most armor pieces look on charr characters has bothered me immensely . It 's no secret that the charr got seriously snubbed by ArenaNet in terms of armor model quality and tailoring , and for those of us with charr characters , finding the right look has always been limited to a handful of ingame armors . Most charr players end up purchasing expensive tier 3 cultural armor or Gem Store outfits just to keep themselves from looking laughably absurd ! In particular , I 've noticed that charr players who wear light armor suffer from this debilitating lack of wardrobe options even more than medium and heavy players , so I decided that I would take it upon myself to think up a decent looking and affordable alternative to the cliche Citadel of Flame armor , cultural armor , and Gem Store outfits worn by most light armored charr players .
When designing this ensemble , I wanted to go for something that would not only look at home on a charr , but also resonate with their cultural background and lore . Thus was born the Gladium Warlock .
In charr culture , gladiums are soldiers who have lost their warband in some way . To the charr , warbands are held in equal regard to immediate family , and to either desert one 's warband or leave them to die is the epitome of dishonor and disgrace . Charr who find themselves without a warband , even if it was through no fault of their own , are branded gladiums : aimless wanderers outside the chain of command , rejected by charr society .
The Gladium Warlock is a seasoned traveler , ragged and worn , with no flashy baubles or gaudy adornments festooning their clothing . They or they are a skilled mage and is deadly in combat , their prodigious skill born from years of fending for themselves in the wilderness . I will warn you , this outfit does have a small bit of clipping on the shoulders , so if that 's a deal-breaker for you this outfit probably wo n't be your jimmy-jam . That being said , check it out :
Components
Head : Diviner Helm – This is one of the few charr headpieces available through in-game means that does not hide the player 's horns . Fortunately , it is quite cheap ! The Diviner Helm can be purchased from an Armor Master for 88 silver + 150 Badges of Honor . Armor masters can be found on each of the World vs. World Borderlands maps and on the Eternal Battlegrounds map . The Armor Master will be located at your server 's staging area .
Shoulders : None ! – What ? ! No shoulder armor ? That 's right ! The Diviner Helm will override any equipped shoulder skin ( except Nightfury , which consequently goes well with this outfit should you be able to afford it ! ) , so wear what you wish in your shoulder slot .
Chest : Winged Tunic – This tunic can be crafted by Tailors who are at least level 225 . It will cost 1 Linen Coat Lining , 1 Linen Coat Panel , and 1 Linen Insignia of the player 's choice to craft , which equates to about 30-50 silver depending on the price of linen .
Hands : Whisper 's Secret Gloves ( Light ) – Whisper 's gear has a habit of cropping up in great looking ensembles , and there 's a reason : because Whisper 's gear is fantastic ! These gloves will only set you back 1 gold 12 silver and can be purchased from Armor Requisitioner Betje on the second level of the Chantry of Secrets . Remember , you must be on a character that has joined the Order of Whispers to buy these , but once bought , they can be skinned to any character you like .
Legs : Primitive Legwraps – Apart from the badass skull that hangs from the belt of these leggings , their most obvious advantage is that they split along the leg on each side , creating more of a roughspun loincloth look . When compared to the typical hoopskirt aesthetic most light armor leggings provide on a charr model , these paint a much more vicious and intimidating picture . The easiest way to obtain these leggings is to buy the Tactical Leggings Skin from an Armor Master in World vs. World for 40 Badges of Honor .
Feet : Path of Koda – These boots round off the vagabond look we 're going for nicely . They feature an iron-banded leather boot , and their design suits both our vision and the charr in general very well . However , they will probably require the most effort out of all things on this list . They can be purchased from Dungeon Armor and Weapons in Lion 's Arch for 180 Symbols of Koda , which can be earned by running the Honor of the Waves dungeon . This is one of the easier dungeons in the game , and thus these boots should not be too difficult to obtain . Furthermore , they do n't cost any actual gold !
Dye Scheme
If you like the dye scheme I 've used for my setup , feel free to use it ! Below is an image of the dyes with a color key below the image ( all dyes can be purchased on the trading post for less than 2 gold ) :
Key
W – Walnut
C – Clay
B – Blood
MR – Midnight Rust
The reason I designed this outfit was because I was tired of seeing nothing but Gem Store outfits and cultural armor on charr characters , particularly light armor ones . While this may not be the best looking option across the board , it certainly looks fantastic for the value , and those who appreciate a more subtle , gritty appearance will get the most out of this setup ! Enjoy !
Roseanne Barr Claims That COMEDIAN Louis CK Is A SEXUAL PREDATOR . . . And They Allegedly Have PROOF ! ! ( Will The Media Go After HIM . . . Like They Did BILL ? ? )
Bill Cosby has come under FIRE for allegations of sexual misconduct occurring more than 40 years ago . But according to Roseanne Barr , comedian Louis CK is a sexual predator that 's been assaulting women as late as a FEW YEARS AGO . Check out what the Daily Best is reporting .
“ I 've been speaking up , ” they said , pausing briefly before naming names . “ It 's Louis C.K. , locking the door and masturbating in front of women comics and writers . I ca n't tell you—I 've heard so many stories . Not just him , but a lot of them . And it 's just par for the course . It 's just shit women have to put up with. ” ( Louis C.K . 's rep did not respond to a request for comment . )
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
In a follow-up email to The Daily Beast , Barr added , “ These allegations [ against Louis C.K . ] have been leveled and talked about for years . I do not have first-hand knowledge , though have heard women make these allegations . ”
It 's not the first time Roseanne has publicly addressed the rumors of Louis C.K . 's alleged misconduct . In April , they tweeted a 2015 Death and Taxes Magazine article entitled “ Did Jen Kirkman out Louis CK 's gross behavior on their podcast last month ? ” in which comedian Jen Kirkman , on their I Seem Fun podcast , leveled undisclosed accusations against a “ Cosby level ” “ famous comic ” and “ known perv. ” Kirkman said the unnamed comedian “ did n't rape me , but they made a certain difficult decision to go on tour with them really hard . ”
Louis CK has not denied any of these allegations ( like Cosby ) . We wonder if the media is going to go after HIM like they did Bill .
All Blacks captain Kieran Read leads the haka ahead of their win over South Africa
This week my top 10 talking points is a special with the All Blacks as the subject .
The Rugby Championship champions after a mere four rounds , New Zealand are so far ahead of the rest of the world there really is only one talk of the rugby town .
Highlights of New Zealand 's win over South Africa in Christchurch Highlights of New Zealand 's win over South Africa in Christchurch
If you think this is a little excessive , my apologies , but this is the most dominant team in the sport 's history and I reckon they deserve a few lines .
1 . Their achievements this season are all the greater for what came before . By that I mean one of the greatest rugby sides of them all . One that lifted the William Webb Ellis trophy in 2011 and 2015 ; one that was led by the greatest captain of modern times in Richie McCaw and one that was steered by the greatest fly-half of modern times in Dan Carter .
The Hurricane centre partnership of Ma ' a Nonu and Conrad Smith broke up , Keven Mealamu quit . Suddenly they were 900 caps or so light . Step forward Kieran Read as captain and Beauden Barrett at fly-half and whoosh , they are playing with even more ambition , scoring many more tries and expanding the gulf between them and the rest .
A little bit of praise might also due to Steve Hansen and their coaches .
Aaron Smith makes a break against the Springboks
2 . Last week Aaron Smith was substituted before the 50-minute mark against Argentina . They had not been at their best . This week they only lasted 63 minutes but that must rate as one of the finest hours of international efforts from a scrum-half .
Hollering and chivvying from the base of the scrum , they are a communicator , general and inspiration rolled into one . Their passing , those fast flat passes , long and scything ones and little delayed pop passes ripped South Africa to shreds .
They put a kick out on the full in the 50th minute ( his one error ) ; otherwise their box-kicking was exemplary while they ran with menace and often abandon . The break for Ardie Savea 's try ( although Matt Todd should have been penalised for obstruction ) with the flip out of the tackle was pure class .
The world 's most influential player was quite something to behold .
Eben Etzebeth is tackled by Dane Coles ( right )
3 . Not far behind was another DC . No sooner has Carter left the legion of Kiwi fans behind in search of their deserved pot of Euros than another DC arises to pass with all the fluency of the pass master himself .
But this one is the hooker . Dane Coles came up with three try assists . The first was a catch and pass in one movement that Carter would have enjoyed . The second was a half break and offload through the tackle and the final assist came after they ran a lovely straight line and threw a long accurate pass to the waiting Sam Whitelock on the wing .
Coles too was substituted earlier than usual last week . Whatever the management said to these star players had an extraordinary effect .
Julian Savea scores their first ever try against South Africa
4 . A brief mention for Julian Savea . They finally broke their duck and scored their first try against South Africa . Quite how the Springboks kept them out for so long is a mystery when you consider that their 43 tries constitute the fastest strike rate in the history of the game . To think they were left out earlier in the season !
Hansen likes to keep their winger on their toes . What a contest that could be next summer , Savea versus George North .
New Zealand dominated the South African scrum
5 . Not so long ago the Black set piece was their weak point . Their pyrotechnic attacking game had left the basics of the game behind . This management has addressed those issues .
Warren Gatland says the Lions will be strong at scrum and lineout . They will need to be . The once dangerous Springbok scrum was second best from start to finish .
Mike Cron seems to be a true guru of the scrum . The lineout is even more of a concern for opponents . Kick the ball into touch and they can damage opposition from this fluent first-phase part of their game . Kick infield and Ben Smith and company are waiting to counter-attack . There 's not much in the way of respite .
A crowd of 20,826 watched New Zealand 's win in AMI Park
6 . A certain sadness that there will be no Lions Test in Christchurch , the venue of Saturday 's game . The Canterbury region is at the heart of New Zealand rugby . It 's the home of the current and former skipper , the birthplace of Graham Henry and Steve Hansen and the place where Carter was born and raised .
I know that professional rugby has to think of the economics of the sport but for this centre of rugby and the South Island not to be represented is a great shame , whatever the reasons .
All Blacks prop Owen Franks takes a breather
7 . Commiserations to Owen Franks ; 84 caps for the greatest attacking team in the sport 's history and they break a world record for the most Test appearances without a try .
While Coles is redefining the hooker 's role , Franks is cementing the front row tradition of doing the donkey work and letting others grab the glory . It seems a tad antiquated in your team , Owen .
Bryan Habana celebrates after scoring the opening try in Christchurch
8 . They are human ; that 's the good news for the rest of the rugby world . Bryan Habana scored a scintillating try to remind us that , yes there are a few flaws to New Zealand 's game .
The South African 's try was their 66th Test score , taking them two ahead of David Campese in the list of top tier Test try scorers . How many might Habana have scored had they been born in Christchurch ?
Eddie Jones thinks the Lions have enough quality to beat New Zealand Eddie Jones thinks the Lions have enough quality to beat New Zealand
9 . Eddie Jones has pointed out that New Zealand was flawed but did n't wish to elaborate . Here is an observation Eddie might have kept to himself .
It 's pretty hard to get on their outside shoulder with the ball but - like Argentina - they showed that short pop passes on inside shoulders can create chaos . But you need to stretch them to create the necessary space between defenders for the likes of Habana and the more width on the game the more likely a New Zealand turnover and the possibility of tries against .
Steve Hansen speaks to Francois Hougaard after the final whistle
10 . And here 's the irony . Quite often the men tasked with guarding the gap around the fringe are Aaron Smith and Coles . Hansen asks an awful lot of their scrum-half . They are so good New Zealand trust them to do it all . They do most of it , most of the time .
Watch Man Utd v Leicester , the Ryder Cup and the EFL Cup as part of our three months ' half-price offer .
Three years after launching in NYC , and more than 18 months of R & D , commercial real estate startup Reonomy is launching its data platform nationally . The company , which already raised more than $ 22 million from investors like Bain Capital and SoftBank Capital , brings property , company and people information together in a streamlined and easy-to-use interface to help users source their next deal .
These Startups Are Bringing Commercial Real Estate Into 2017
Creating a national CRE data platform is a complicated process , perhaps much more difficult than anyone would imagine , including the company 's founders .
“ Collecting New York 's structured data and stitching it together in a meaningful way was a challenge we overcame , '' says co-founder and CEO Richard Sarkis . `` But , despite all the resources and expertise we 'd accumulated since our New York launch , national data collection turned out to be its own animal . We quickly realized our original methods , on their own , would simply not allow us to scale in a cost efficient or fast enough way . ”
According to Sarkis , the company finally solved these issues by combining data partnerships with the collection of certain key data sets . “ We began curating a best-in-class network of data vendors who could assist us in aggregating property information , allowing our team to focus on making that information compatible with our platform and drawing meaningful insights that added value to our product , ” they say .
As a result , the platform now offers key property data points for over 3,000 counties and 45 million parcels , including building owner contact information , sales history , zoning information , building use and debt history . With the combination of proprietary data and strategic partnerships , the platform provides innovative tools and insights that help CRE professionals navigate a multi-trillion-dollar marketplace with simplicity and ease . The data is run through strict , repeatable validation steps to ensure users have access to the most up-to-date , accurate and comprehensive information in the marketplace . The company already acquired several hundred companies as clients and thousands of users on the NYC version and on the private beta and early access period . They 've already acquired hundreds of national customers before launch , including JLL , Marcus & Millichap , Cushman & Wakefield , Coldwell Banker Commercial .
Since the data resources for the NYC version are different than the national sources , the company still offers two different versions on the website . The versions are very similar from a “ look and feel ” point of view , but NYC has certain “ deeper ” data sets and functionality with some more advanced features including the ability to export property data . The company plans on combining and merging the NYC and national platforms by the end of the year and incorporate many of the NYC features into the national product . In the next year , the company will be launching several new products that are currently in progress . These new products have utilized machine learning to create unique offerings , like automated comps and ownership portfolio .
Donald Trump 's campaign , an exercise in testing the limits of the American imagination , was inevitably going to find itself advertised beside Survival Shield X-2 super-high-quality nascent iodine droplets , now 30 % off , and a cylindrical vault of Survival Seeds which promise a “ robust and hearty garden , even in the toughest of times , ” for just $ 29.95 .
If you were “ reading the tea leaves , ” as Alex Jones might say , you would 've felt deeply in your bones that it was just a matter of time before Trump 's courting of the nation 's foremost crackpots and conspiracy theorists went mainstream . The dog whistles would transform into shouts , the winking and nodding into bear hugs .
You would 've seen this coming , the frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination getting chummy with a man who would , hours later , suggest that the most recent mass shooting to terrorize the country was “ suspicious ” like the Sandy Hook shooting had been “ suspicious. ” The writing has been right there on the wall for anybody paying attention .
Trump 's bid for the White House reached this obvious apex on Wednesday afternoon , when they Skyped into the Austin-based Alex Jones Show , 60 Minutes for the tinfoil hat electorate , from their office in Trump Tower in New York City .
Alex Jones is the Hulk Hogan of conspiracy theorists . A Texas native , they are big and loud and the color of a ripe tomato . They think the government was involved in the Oklahoma City Bombing , the New World Order is being run by “ clockwork elves , ” and shrimp are suicidal because of Prozac poisoning the water supply . They are the founder of Infowars.com , the sort of publication that peddles 9/11 truther propaganda and runs headlines like , “ Subliminal Super Bowl Illuminati Secrets Revealed . ”
“ I 've got so many questions , ” Jones , who in October endorsed Rand Paul , told Trump . “ But you are vindicated—this has got ta be the 50th time the last six months—on the radical Muslims celebrating , not just in New Jersey , but in New York , Palestine , all over ! What do you have to say ? They 're still attacking you ! ” ( Jones did n't reply when asked if they were switching their allegiance from Paul to Trump . )
From the unfortunate angle of Trump 's webcam , their neck disappeared into the collar of their shirt and their head looked sunburned and misshapen , like a wad of Silly Putty that had recently been set on fire .
“ Well , I took a lot of heat and I was very strong on it and I held my line and then all of a sudden hundreds of people were calling up my office , ” Trump said .
At a recent event in Florida , Trump explained to Jones , “ the people were saying—many of the people from New Jersey—four or five people said , ‘ Mr . Trump , I saw it myself ! I was there ! ' ”
A few hours later , Jones had moved off the topics on which they and Trump see eye to eye—Muslims cheering on 9/11 , the Iraq War—and on to promoting the idea that the mass shooting at a San Bernardino , California , center for the disabled on Wednesday afternoon was “ highly suspicious ” and seemingly “ geared to elicit widespread public outrage , ” much like the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School had been .
Trump 's campaign did not respond when asked if they agreed with the assessment of their newfound kindred spirit , but the candidate should get used to answering questions about mass shootings being false flag operations .
Jones , like many conspiracy theorists whom Trump now counts among their supporters and friends , is no stranger to squinting skeptically at gun violence . There is a rich subculture of mass-shooting truthers who believe that attacks like Sandy Hook , or the more recent murder of a TV reporter and producer in Roanoke , Virginia , are hoaxes executed by government actors in order to elicit fear and ultimately result in the confiscation of guns and the rise of a dictatorial government or new world order .
Sandy Hook , Infowars reported in September 2014 , was a complete myth because the “ FBI says no one killed at Sandy Hook. ” By July 2015 , the site was claiming that Sandy Hook “ does n't add up , ” according to a “ retired Navy Seal ” it spoke with .
After white supremacist Dylann Roof murdered nine African Americans at a church in Charleston , South Carolina , Infowars asked , “ False Flag ? ” because Roof 's Facebook page had only been created recently and showed that they had many African-American friends .
Still , the only surprising thing about the 30-minute conversation between Trump and Jones is that it took so long to happen .
The storied meeting was arranged by Roger Stone , a longtime friend of Trump 's who left the campaign , where they had served as an adviser , in August amid infighting .
Reached by phone on Wednesday , as Trump and Jones were still chatting , Stone said that they had “ recommended ” the interview to Trump after they had been a guest on Jones ' show themselves on Nov. 9 to promote their new book , The Clintons ' War on Women .
Stone was adamant that they are n't working for Trump again , not in a “ formal or informal ” capacity , despite recommending interviews to them during their conversations and supporting their candidacy with the frequent employment of the Twitter hashtag # YUGE .
Trump 's campaign has been about yuge lies , exaggerations , and mischaracterizations .
It began in June ( we were so innocent then ) in the lobby of Trump Tower , with the claim that illegal immigrants from Mexico are “ rapists ” and “ criminals . ”
Trump soldiered on from there , speaking in semi-lucid stream of consciousness for the entire summer and fall .
Last week , in response to fears that terrorists could enter the country as refugees , Trump began promoting a long-debunked rumor from 15 years ago : that “ thousands and thousands ” of Muslims in Jersey City “ were cheering as that building was coming down ” on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The thrust of Trump 's case for their candidacy is this : The system is broken , the powerful ( including himself ) are exploiting it to their advantage behind the scenes with the help of a corrupt and complicit media that is concerned only with protecting the establishment and the status quo . Just what your average bros populating a comment thread on a YouTube video about false-flag operations suspect , but Trump may not know the full extent to which this new base of supporters they have tapped into has gone off the deep end . It 's one thing to suggest , as Trump does , that the government and the media are rigged to screw over the Everyman—lots of politicians say that . It 's something else entirely to say government actors are pretending to be the family members of slain Americans who never existed in the first place .
Then again , Trump has been making shit up for longer than they have been a candidate . It would be unwise to underestimate him .
In 2011 , memorably , when they were pretending to run for president , they were our nation 's premier birther , not-so-subtly suggesting at every opportunity that President Obama was n't born in America . At one point , they claimed to have sent private investigators to Hawaii , Obama 's “ birthplace , ” to solve the case .
Jones and their loyal following of sheeple , in other words , are a natural fit for The Donald .
“ We 'll be speaking a lot , ” Trump optimistically told Jones on Wednesday .
UPDATE 12/1/2015 9:50 P.M. : This story has been updated to include Alex Jones 's promotion of shooting conspiracies Wednesday afternoon .
If you 're not involved in the world of remote controlled vehicles , you may not know there 's a difference between “ toy ” and “ hobby ” grade hardware . For those in the RC community , a toy is the kind of thing you 'll find at a big box store : cheap , works OK , but lacking in features and build quality . On the other hand , hobby hardware is generally considered to be of higher quality and performance , as well as being more modular . At the risk of oversimplification : if you bought it ready to go from a store it 's probably a toy , and if you built it from parts it would generally be considered hobby grade .
But with the rock bottom prices of toy quadcopters , that line in the sand is having a harder time than ever holding some in the community back . The mashup of toy and hobby grade components is giving rise to the concept of “ frankendrones ” that combine the low cost of toy hardware with key upgrades from the hobby realm . Quadcopter blogger [ garagedrone ] has posted a roundup of modifications made to the Bayangtoys X16 , a $ 99 quadcopter which is becoming popular in the scene .
Some of the modifications are easy enough for anyone to do . Swapping out the original propellers for ones meant for the DJI Phantom 3 increases performance and does n't even require tools . If you want to go a bit further down the rabbit hole , you can cut off the X16 's battery connector and replace it with a standard XT60 . That lets you use standard 3S LiPo batteries , which are cheaper and higher capacity than the proprietary ones the toy shipped with .
If you have a 3D printer , there are also a number of upgraded parts you can print which will bolt right onto the X16 . Payload adapters , landing gear , and GoPro mounts are all just a few clicks ( and some filament ) away . This library of 3D printable parts is made possible in part because the X16 's frame is itself a clone of another toy quadcopter , the popular Syma X8C . So anything listed as compatible with the Syma X8C should work with the X16 ( and vice versa ) .
Finally , if you really want to take the X16 to the next level , you can swap out the flight controller with an open source and better supported hobby grade model . Some of these flight controllers and associated new receivers can end up costing about half as much as the X16 did to begin with , but the vast improvement in performance and capability should more than make up for the cost .
We 've covered previous efforts to increase the performance of low-cost quadcopters in the past , as well as builds that put frugality front and center . It seems that no matter what your budget is a screaming angel of death is available if you want it .
Thanks to [ Calvin ] for the tip .
As residents were evicted from the Oceti Sakowin Camp where they had gathered to oppose the Dakota Access Pipeline , filmmaker and journalist Reed Lindsay posted this update on the continued assault on the First Amendment faced by independent journalists covering the # NODAPL struggle .
Filmmaker Jahnny Lee working with the Sundance Institute was arrested yesterday by North Dakota police while filming a stand-off between police and water protectors . They were charged with “ obstruction of a government function. ” I can only surmise that the charge of “ criminal trespass , ” leveled at Jihan Hafiz and many other journalists while covering events of the Standing Rock resistance against the DAPL pipeline , could not be used against Jahnny because they were on State Highway 1806 . ( How can one trespass on a highway ? )
I was with Jahnny shortly before their arrest and could easily have been arrested in the same circumstances . In fact , any of the dozen or so journalists present could have been arrested . The water protectors were unarmed and praying . I did not see any of them commit an act of violence nor do anything threatening . The only violent actions I witnessed were committed by police , who tackled and manhandled people indiscriminately .
Journalists and filmmakers had been told by police that we would be allowed to film events on Highway 1806 . These promises were not kept . Please see the still frames ( Jahnny in the beige jacket ) . Jahnny was just released minutes ago . The police have confiscated their camera and phone “ as evidence. ” What is the state of our democracy when journalists are arrested for “ obstructing government functions ” and their cameras are seized “ as evidence ” ?
At the dawn of humanity , bartering was used in lieu of money to buy goods . As early man began to rear domestic livestock , one of the earliest forms of barter included cattle , sheep , as well as vegetables and grain .
The first known currency was created by King Alyattes in Lydia , now part of Turkey , in 600BC . The first coin ever minted features a roaring lion .
Coins then evolved into banknotes around 1661 AD . The first credit card was introduced in 1946 .
The infographic below shows how money has developed from these early roots through to Apple 's instant iPhone payments and bitcoin - the world 's first decentralised crytocurrency .
Wearable technology is set to disrupt the world of money once more , as Barclaycard trials a contactless payments wristband .
The advent of modern bartering has brought the system full circle .
Donald Trump speaks at Liberty Univesity ( YouTube )
GOP front runner Donald Trump has been accused of racism in the past , but on Friday morning , Trump retweeted a white supremacist website promoting Adolf Hitler .
The tweet was a jab at rival , Florida Gov . Jeb Bush and showed them looking down-and-out , holding a “ Vote Trump ” sign .
“ @ WhiteGenocideTM : @ realDonaldTrump Poor Jeb . I could 've sworn I saw them outside Trump Tower the other day ! pic.twitter.com/e5uLRubqla “ — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 22 , 2016
The tweet originated from an account called @ WhiteGenocideTM , which is promoting a pro-Hitler movie called , The Greatest Story Never Told . The trailer for the film calls Hitler the “ saviour of Europe. ” The website also includes an interview with Holocaust-denier Ursula Haverbeck .
One of the many troubling tweets from the account is an animated picture of Donald Trump dressed as a Nazi , about to gas potential Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders . Sanders is Jewish .
The Twitter account is littered with anti-Semitic and anti-Muslim rhetoric and lists its location as “ Jewmerica. ” Its “ pinned ” or featured tweet shows a man saying they are Jewish , with a yellow Star of David with the word “ Jude ” added on .
Trump tweeted the image of Bush with the racist Twitter handle to their nearly 6 million followers Friday morning . It 's not the first time Trump has been associated with the fascist leader of Nazi Germany who was responsible for genocide against millions of Jewish people and other groups .
Last month , a Trump fan page attributed a quote by Hitler to Trump , inscribing the words , “ As a Christian I have no duty to allow myself to be cheated , but I have the duty to be a fighter for truth and justice ” on the image of Trump . The sentence was part of a 1922 speech by Hitler in Munich .
Long before Trump hit the campaign trail , their ex-wife , Ivana , told Vanity Fair in a 1990 interview that Trump kept a collection of Hitler 's speeches on their night stand by their bed .
Last Friday the account under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto was used to post a five-word message to our social network for P2P researchers , hosted by NING ( Glam Media ) .
We immediately proceeded to contact NING , with the purpose of gathering more information about the Nakamoto post , information that could potentially be useful in determining whether the message was legitimate or apocryphal .
We understand that disclosing private information provided by users is absolutely unacceptable . In fact , non of our questions to NING involved private information of the users . However , we do not consider that the notion of ‘ private information ' includes the privacy of a hacker who is breaking illegitimately into a system , and through this very act violating the privacy of a legitimate user .
As creators of the P2P Foundation 's community site , we believe that asking to the NING operators whether the password of a user account had been recently tampered with , or whether there were any signs that could lead to think that a user 's account might or migh not have been compromised , in no way violates the privacy of the user .
Moreover , we consider that members of the community in general should be right to expect at least a minimum of investigation from us in cases where extraordinary behaviour takes place . Users should be able to rely on the expectation that they are probably communicating with whom the site says they are communicating .
In sum , the least we can do for our users is to inquire about whether the integrity of the platform might have been compromised , or not , in extraordinary cases , like the one that presented itself last Friday .
That is what we did .
After a weekend-long wait , this is the reply we received from NING :
“ We are n't able to provide any information ( “ personal ” or otherwise ) about this or other accounts on the Ning Platform without a subpoena , warrant , court order or other legal process . Thanks for understanding—I 'm sorry we ca n't be of more help here . ”
What this means is that this probably the most anti-climatic of all possible updates to this story . In short : we know nothing new .
In their message , NING thanks us “ for understanding ” . They should n't ; we do n't understand .
P.S . Message to the r/bitcoin community : Apologies for promising this update in ‘ a few hours ' , when it actually took a few days . We assumed that we would receive the information from NING way faster than we actually did . My bad , I should n't have given ourselves a time frame ( ‘ a few hours ' ) so short , when the final outcome was beyond our control .
Now that the update is here I hope is that everyone who was waiting for this update feels like this :
…although I would n't bet on it .
Michael George Smith Jr. was found hanging from a tree in an Atlanta park , and society can only blame itself .
On June 17 , Michael George Smith Jr. posted a screen shot of a message from a sibling on their Facebook page . It read , “ God does n't bear gay people . You make yourself gay. ” Smith , a gay native of Hackensack , N.J. , wrote in a caption , “ My mother is teaching my siblings to despise Gays .. I 'm done with Life . I 'm Hurt To The Core . ”
Less than a month later , they were dead .
On July 7 , Smith , 22 , who also identified as London Jermaine , was found hanging from a tree in Atlanta 's Piedmont Park . Moments beforehand , they had posted another message .
“ I see y'all in the next Life ... Deadass , ” they wrote on their Facebook page , which listed them as a student of computer science at Georgia Tech . “ Father forgive me . ”
Police ruled the death a suicide . They found no signs of a struggle , just a shoe print on a wheeled garbage can 's lid near the tree that matched Smith 's black Converse sneakers . Pollen was in their clothes from where they had climbed the tree . Earbuds were still in their ears . The Fulton County Medical Examiner 's office determined that the cause of death was asphyxiation from hanging .
However , Smith 's death shocked many on social media , who wondered if it might be a motivated by hate . They called it a “ modern-day lynching , ” reports Project Q . The timing was a factor in that theory . The young man died in the midst of protests in Atlanta over the police shootings that rocked the country last week .
Ultimately , the Federal Bureau of Investigation has ruled that there was no foul play . But Smith 's social media posts reveal that they were struggling with their identity as a gay man of color in the United States . And they were crying out for help .
`` Being Gay in America is Hard . Being Black in America is Hard . Imagine being both # NoH8 , ” they wrote June 13 .
The Centers for Disease Control reports that suicide is the second leading cause of death for people ages 10 to 24 . Gay , lesbian , and bisexual young people are even more vulnerable , taking their lives at four times the rate as their straight peers . Moreover , each instance of verbal or physical abuse against an LGBT person increases their likelihood to self-harm by an average of 2.5 times , according to a 2010 study published in the American Journal of Public Health .
Smith 's also detailed struggles with health issues , including several cases of food poisoning . On one occasion , they wrote that had a CT scan : `` Please No to Have Colon Cancer ... I thought I was free of everything . ''
Smith 's family has launched a GoFundMe page to cover their funeral expenses . As of the time of this article 's publishing , the family had raised $ 425 of a $ 5,000 goal .
LGBT youth ( ages 24 and younger ) who are considering suicide can reach the Trevor Project Lifeline at ( 866 ) 488-7386 . If you are a trans or gender-nonconforming person considering suicide , Trans Lifeline can be reached at ( 877 ) 565-8860 . The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at ( 800 ) 273-8255 can also be reached 24 hours a day by people of all ages and identities .
200+ Violent Rioters INDICTED on FELONY Rioting Charges from Inauguration Day
Andrew Marcus photo
Hundreds Of Violent Leftists Charged With Felonies
Early Wednesday morning ( EST ) CNN reported that so far a total of 214 violent rioters have been indicted on felony rioting charges .
From CNN :
A total of 214 people have been indicted so far on felony rioting charges in connection with the Inauguration Day protests in downtown Washington . On the morning of January 20 , protests over Donald Trump 's inauguration turned violent when black-clad “ anti-fascist ” protesters smashed storefronts and bus stops , hammered out the windows of a limousine and eventually launched rocks at a phalanx of police . Officers responded by launching smoke and flash-bang devices into the street to disperse the crowds . Six police officers were injured and 230 protesters were arrested that day .
A felony rioting charge carries a maximum of 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 25,000 .
Earlier this month we reported on the 231 far left thugs arrested during the Inauguration day riots in Washington DC . On Wednesday they were indicted .
The Gateway Pundit was one of the only news outlets that reported that domestic terrorist Bill Ayers , who just happens to be good friends with Barack Obama , helped organize the violent protests .
Follow Ryan Saavedra On Twitter @ NewsRevoltRyan
The university administration acknowledges that the main reason is a backlash from the events of 2015 , as the campus has been shunned by students and families put off by , depending on their viewpoint , a culture of racism or one where protesters run amok .
Before the protests , the university , fondly known as Mizzou , was experiencing steady growth and building new dormitories . Now , with budget cuts due to lost tuition and a decline in state funding , the university is temporarily closing seven dormitories and cutting more than 400 positions , including those of some nontenured faculty members , through layoffs and by leaving open jobs unfilled .
Few areas have been spared : The library is even begging for books .
“ The general consensus was that it was because of the aftermath of what happened in November 2015 , ” said Mun Choi , the new system president , referring to the climax of the demonstrations . “ There were students from both in state and out of state that just did not apply , or those who did apply but decided not to attend . ”
The protests inspired movements at other colleges . Since then fights over overt and subconscious racial slights , as well as battles over free speech , have broken out at Middlebury College in Vermont , the University of California , Berkeley , and The Evergreen State College in Olympia , Wash. Missouri 's experience shows how a conflict , if not deftly handled , can stain a college 's reputation long after the conflict has died down .
Students of all races have shunned Missouri , but the drop in first-year student enrollment last fall was strikingly higher among blacks , at 42 percent , than among whites , at 21 percent . ( A racial breakdown was not yet available for this fall 's first-year student class . )
A few weeks ago , with no notice , the U.S. government intercepted Mary Grice 's tax refunds from both the IRS and the state of Maryland . Grice had no idea that Uncle Sam had seized their money until some days later , when they got a letter saying that their refund had gone to satisfy an old debt to the government — a very old debt .
In a case that is a perfect storm illustration of an arbitrary and incompetent federal government running roughshod over its citizens , “ a single sentence tucked into the farm bill ” had led to outrageous behavior . Marc Fisher of the Washington Post :
When Grice was 4 , back in 1960 , their father died , leaving their mother with five children to raise . Until the kids turned 18 , Sadie Grice got survivor benefits from Social Security to help feed and clothe them . Now , Social Security claims it overpaid someone in the Grice family — it 's not sure who — in 1977 . After 37 years of silence , four years after Sadie Grice died , the government is coming after their daughter . Why the feds chose to take Mary 's money , rather than their surviving siblings ' , is a mystery .
Mary Grice is just unlucky , I guess . The feds want some money , and their name popped up , not those of their siblings . Tough luck when you get on the wrong side of the government . Them plight is not unique :
Across the nation , hundreds of thousands of taxpayers who are expecting refunds this month are instead getting letters like the one Grice got , informing them that because of a debt they never knew about — often a debt incurred by their parents — the government has confiscated their check . The Treasury Department has intercepted $ 1.9 billion in tax refunds already this year — $ 75 million of that on debts delinquent for more than 10 years… .
The feds are making up their own rules , and justice or personal responsibility are less important than the convenience of the bureaucrats :
Social Security officials told Grice that six people — Grice , their four siblings and their father 's first wife , whom they never knew — had received benefits under their father 's account . The government does n't look into exactly who got the overpayment ; the policy is to seek compensation from the oldest sibling and work down through the family until the debt is paid . The Federal Trade Commission , on its Web site , advises Americans that “ family members typically are not obligated to pay the debts of a deceased relative from their own assets. ” But Social Security officials say that if children indirectly received assistance from public dollars paid to a parent , the children 's money can be taken , no matter how long ago any overpayment occurred .
It does n't even matter if the parents took the money and went on a bender , the kids are stuck with the bill , on the theory that they should have received the benefit and it would be too complicated for the bureaucrats if they had to actually , you know , prove that they had benefitted even as an infant . The most important thing , after all , is that the government get the money it wants .
Will anyone in the GOP wake up and start a crusade against this obvious government run amok travesty ? Of course , how many of them voted for the “ farm bill ” ?
Getty Images
Two top astronomers told Congress today that it would be `` bizarre if we are alone '' and asked for continued funding to detect extraterrestrial life .
Dan Werthimer , director of the SETI Research Center at the University of California , Berkeley ( SETI is short of `` Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence '' ) also told the House Committee on Science , Space and Technology that they think the possibility of microbial life on other planets is close to 100 percent .
Werthimer and their colleague Seth Shostak , senior astronomer at the SETI Institute were on Capitol Hill to discuss the need for continued funding for the search for life in the universe .
And they were bullish about the prospects that there is life in outer space .
`` It would be bizarre if we are alone , '' Werthimer told the committee .
`` If you extrapolate on the planets they discovered , there are a trillion planets in the galaxy . That 's a lot of places for life , '' Shostak argued . `` We know that the majority of stars have planets , '' but what `` fraction of stars has planets that are more like the earth ? It might be one in five . ''
`` It would be a cramped mind that did n't wonder what other life is out there , '' Werthimer said .
Shostak and Werthimer said there are going to be lots of different stages of life in the universe and there could be `` a lot of advanced civilizations '' as well .
Werthimer was not advocating reaching out to alien life forms , saying instead that we should just `` receive signals and see what 's out there . My feeling is that we should just be listening . ''
Shostak reminded the audience how NASA beamed the Beatle 's song `` Across the Universe '' into space in 2008 . Since the transmission was aimed at the North Star , which is located 431 light years away from Earth , we might not get to know if extraterrestrials like the Beatles , Shostak joked .
Both Shostak and Werthimer agreed on this point : There have been no visits from aliens .
`` I do n't think that that would be something all the governments would have managed to keep a secret , '' Shostak said . `` If they were really here I think everyone would know that . ''
The East Regional hosted by ECAC Hockey , Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ( RPI ) and Union College at the Times Union Center in Albany , New York , and the West Regional hosted by the University of Minnesota , Twin Cities , at the Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul , Minnesota , will be played March 26-27 . Game times for one regional will be 3 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. Eastern March 26 , with the regional final being played at 5 p.m. Eastern March 27 . The other regional will play at 4 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. Eastern March 26 , with the regional championship at 7:30 p.m. Eastern March 27 .
The Times Union Center will be hosting NCAA hockey championship competition for the 11th time , but the first since 2010 . It has hosted a regional round nine times previously , in addition to the 1992 and 2001 Frozen Fours . Since its opening in 2000 , the Xcel Energy Center has hosted the 2002 and 2011 Frozen Fours in addition to the West Regional in 2010 , 2012 and 2014 . The Xcel Energy Center also has been selected to serve as the site of the 2018 Frozen Four .
INDIANAPOLIS -- -Tickets for all four sites of the 2016 Division I Men 's Ice Hockey Regionals go on sale Tuesday , Oct. 27 , at 10 a.m. Eastern time . The tickets , being sold as three-game packages , may be purchased online at www.NCAA.com/FrozenFour or through each venue 's ticket office.The Northeast Regional hosted by College of the Holy Cross at the DCU Center in Worcester , Massachusetts , and the Midwest Regional hosted by Miami University at U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati , Ohio , will be held March 25-26 . One regional will have start times of 2 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. Eastern March 25 with a regional final game time at 5:30 p.m. Eastern March 26 . The start times for the other regional will be 4:30 p.m. and 8 p.m. Eastern March 25 while the regional final is scheduled for 9 p.m. Eastern March 26.This will be the 14th time the DCU Center has served as host of an NCAA Hockey Regional , the most of any building in the nation . U.S. Bank Arena also hosted the 2014 Midwest Regional and has been awarded the same honor for 2017 . In addition , when it was previously known as Riverfront Coliseum , it served as the host venue for the 1996 Frozen Four.If any of the asupervisorstioned host schools are selected to participate in the 2016 NCAA Division I Men 's Ice Hockey Championship , they will be assigned to their host site . The times and ESPN platform for each regional will be announced on the selection show , which will air at noon Eastern March 20 on ESPNU . Times and ESPN networks for all regional contests are subject to change .
Here is a new approach to the production of fuels discovered by the researchers of KU Leuven and the Utrecht University – something which is going to make all pro-environment activists ( that should be all of us , right ? ) happy . Why ? New method which can produce far cleaner diesel . To top it all , it can be easily and quickly calibrated to make it compatible with industrial usage . Who knows , it is quite possible that within the next ten years or so , we may actually encounter cars running on this new , cleaner and much more environmentally friendly diesel .
Fuel is produced with the help of catalysts which set off the chemical reactions necessary to turn raw materials into the fuel . When it comes to the production of diesel , small granules of such catalysts are added to the raw materials in a way that usable fuel can be produced ; some catalysts can “ handle ” only one function , while others can be multifunctional .
For the purpose of this study , the catalysts used for the production of clean diesel are created with two different chemicals having two different functions – platinum , a metal , and an acid in solid form . During the production of diesel , the molecules jump around between the acid and the metal . Every time one of these molecules comes in touch with either the metal or the acid , it changes a bit . By the end of the production process , the molecules are ready to be used as functional diesel .
In general , it is believed that the closer the acid in solid form and the metal is to each other , the better , because it would speed up the production process by making the molecules bounce to and from much faster . However , Professor Johan Martens of KU Leuven and Professor Krijn de Jong of Utrecht University have just discovered that this is nothing but a myth ; in fact , the further apart these two chemicals are from each other , the cleaner the fuel would be . To make sure that the current theory is indeed wrong and their serendipity is not just a fluke , they repeated the same experiment three times , only to arrive at the same conclusion each time . The results were contrary to the popular belief prevalent in the fuel industry that there has to be a minimum distance between the two chemicals , or let us rather say , the two catalysts , in order to enable better production of the fuel . If the two chemicals are nanometers apart from each other , then indeed the produced fuel turns out to be much better and cleaner than otherwise .
This new method of fuel production , as devised by Professor Johan Martens of KU Leuven and Professor Krijn de Jong of Utrecht University , can be used to optimize some of the molecules present in diesel . The great thing about this diesel is that automobiles which run on this cleaner diesel would emit far fewer particulates and carbon dioxide and in 5 to 10 years , we may see the first cars being driven by this newer , cleaner diesel .
Novel method can be utilized to petroleum-based fuels as well as to renewable carbon from biomass .
This study was published in Nature under Nanoscale intimacy in bifunctional catalysts for selective conversion of hydrocarbons .
Supertramp co-founder Roger Hodgson , announces the 2015 `` Breakfast In America '' World Tour . Hodgson will be backed by a four-piece band as the 2015 'Breakfast in America ' tour hits Germany , the U.K. , Switzerland , Austria , Hungary , Norway , France , Spain , Belgium , Holland , the U.S. and Canada .
Hodgson co-founded Supertramp in 1969 . In the 14 years they Hodgson was in Supertramp , they wrote , sang , and arranged most of the band 's best known songs , like `` Give a Little Bit , '' `` The Logical Song , '' `` Dreamer , '' `` Take the Long Way Home , '' `` Breakfast in America , '' `` School , '' `` Fool 's Overture , '' and `` It 's Raining Again . ''
Hodgson left Supertramp in 1983 . Supertramp sold over 60 million albums while they were in the band . Roger Hodgson has one of the most distinctive voices in rock .
Hodgson will perform all the Supertramp hits as well as other classics like `` Sister Moonshine , '' `` Child of Vision , '' `` Hide in Your Shell , '' `` Even in the Quietest Moments . '' They will also perform fan favorites from their solo albums `` Had a Dream , '' `` Only Because of You , '' `` Lovers in the Wind , '' `` In Jeopardy , '' and `` Along Came Mary . ''
`` All these years I thought I was a Supertramp fan when actually I was and am a Roger Hodgson fan . What a show ! 'WOW ' is all I can say , '' said David Wild of Rolling Stone , in a statement .
`` This is the real deal : a legendary music man , in brilliant form and shimmering presence , supported by a tight , terrific band . An evening with Roger Hodgson will raise your standards of concert-going , '' said Huffington Post in a statement includes in the press release .
Hodgson 's latest release , 'Classics Live , ' is a collection of their hit songs from concerts recorded around the world and is available through their Store and iTunes .
Breakfast in America - Canada Tour Dates :
Nov 20 & 21 - Rama , ON - Details in August
Nov 26 - Calgary , AB
Nov 28 - Vancouver , BC
Dec 3 - Montreal , QC
Dec 8 - Ottawa , ON
Dec 9 - Quebec City , QC
Dec 11 - Moncton , NB
Dec 12 - Halifax , NS
Check out a live clip here :
A few days ago , I used the All Our Ideas platform to create a pairwise wiki survey asking , “ Which action would you rather see the United States take next in Syria ? ” I did this partly to get a better sense of peoples ' views on the question posed , and partly to learn more about how to use this instrument . Now , I think it 's a good time to take stock on both counts .
First , some background . A pairwise wiki survey involves a single question with many possible answers . Respondents are presented with answers in pairs , one pair at a time , and asked to cast a vote for one or the other item . The overarching question determines what that vote is about , but the choice always entails a comparison ( more , better , more likely , etc. ) . Respondents can also choose not to decide , and they can propose their own answers to add to the mix . Here 's a screenshot from my survey on U.S. policy in Syria that shows how that looks in action :
You vote by clicking on one of the big blue boxes or the smaller “ I ca n't decide ” button tucked under them , or you propose your own answer by writing it into in the “ Add your own ideas here… ” field at the bottom . Once you vote on one pair , you 're presented with another pair , and you can repeat this process as many times as you like . To make each vote as informative as possible , the All Our Ideas platform does n't select answers for each pairing at random . Instead , it uses an algorithm that favors answers with fewer completed appearances . This adaptive approach spreads the votes evenly across the field of answers , and it helps newly-added answers quickly catch up with older ones . The resulting pairwise votes are converted into aggregate ratings using a Bayesian hierarchical model that estimates a set of collective preferences that 's most consistent with the observed data .
I 'm already experimenting with pairwise wiki surveys as a way to forecast rare events , but this question about how the U.S. should respond to events in Syria is closer to their original purpose of identifying and ranking a set of options that are n't exhaustive or mutually exclusive . In situations like these , it 's often easy to criticize or tout each option on its own . Comparing them all in a coherent way is usually much harder , and that 's what the pairwise wiki survey helps us do .
So , what did the respondents to my survey think the U.S. should do now about Syria ? The screenshot below shows where things stood around 8:45 AM Eastern time on Tuesday , September 3 , after more than 1,400 votes had been cast in nearly 100 unique user sessions . ( For the latest results , click here . )
Clearly , the crowd that 's found its way to this survey so far is not keen on the Obama administration 's plan for military strikes in Syria in response to the chemical-weapons attack that took place on 21 August . The two options that come closest to that stated plan—limited strikes on targets associated with Syria 's chemical weapons capability or limited strikes to degrade various aspects of its military—both rank in the bottom half , below “ Do nothing ” and “ Strongly condemn the Syrian regime. ” The idea of military strikes targeting Assad and other senior regime officials—the so-called decapitation approach—ranks last , and increased military aid to Syrian rebels , another option the U.S. government is already pursuing , does n't rank much higher . What this crowd wants from the U.S. instead are increased humanitarian aid to Syrian civilians , broader and tighter sanctions on the Syrian regime and its “ enablers , ” and more pushing for formal talks among the warring parties .
Now , I do n't mean to imply that the results of this survey accurately capture the contours of public opinion in the U.S. or anywhere else . Frankly , I do n't really know how representative they are . As implemented here , a pairwise wiki survey is a form of crowdsourcing . The big advantage of crowdsourcing is the ability quickly and cheaply to get feedback from large group , but that efficiency sometimes comes at the cost of not knowing a lot about who is responding . I know that the participants in my Syria survey come from six continents ( see the map below ) . but I do n't collect any information about the respondents as they vote , so I ca n't say anything about how how representative my crowd is of any larger population , or how the characteristics of individual respondents relate to the preferences they express . All I can say with confidence is that these results are probably a reliable gauge of the views of the crowd that became aware of the survey through my blog post and Twitter and other social-media shares and were motivated to respond . I think it 's reassuring that the results of my wiki survey generally accord with the results of traditional public-opinion surveys in the U.S . ( e.g. , here and here ) and elsewhere ( e.g. , Germany ) , but it would be irresponsible to make any strong claims about public opinion from these data alone .
I hope to put this instrument to more ambitious uses in the future , so I 'll close with a lesson learned about how to do it better : respondents really need to be given some explanation about how the survey works before they 're asked to start voting . I rushed to get the Syria survey online because I was trying to get out the door for a bike ride and did n't include anything in my blog post or tweets about how the voting process works . From the things some people wrote in the submit-your-own-idea field , it quickly became clear that many visitors were confused . Some apparently thought the initial pair presented were the only options being considered , so they either complained directly about that ( “ This survey , I hope , is designed to demonstrate to takers the way questioners of surveys control the outcome with push-polling ” ) or proposed adding ideas that were already covered ( e.g. , “ Neither ” when “ Do nothing ” was already on the list , or “ Aid to refugees and camps ” when “ Increase humanitarian aid to Syrian civilians ” was an option ) . I also think the “ I ca n't decide ” button and the options it offers ( press it and see ) are a really important feature that respondents may overlook because it can be hard to see . Next time , I wo n't share a direct link to the survey and will instead embed the link at the bottom of a blog post that describes the voting process and calls out the “ I ca n't decide ” feature first .
Advertisements
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Jul 23 , 2009 in Animation
On this day in 1966 one of the first full length feature anime films made it to the United States : That was none other than Garibā no Uchū Ryokō ( ガリバーの宇宙旅行 ) which was translated to Gulliver 's Travels Beyond the Moon . The film was produced by Toei in 1965 and directed by the team of Masao Kuroda and Sanae Yamamoto , but what might make it interesting to current anime fans is that Hayao Miyazaki also worked on the film providing some uncredited writing and quite a bit of inbetween animation work . In the scene above we see young Ricky meeting Gulliver , and below is a scene featuring the Princess of the Star of Hope ( who was voiced by Our Gang 's Darla Hood ) :
It 's interesting to note that even before 1965 Toei released a 20 minute version of this film in Japanese theaters in 1964 — so you get the sense that they 're really building up to something bigger in that era of Japanese animation . Looking at the film you can see a great deal of Disney influence , which is ironic as the mid-60s were the start of a low point for American feature length film animation . And of course on another level the film 's theme is a tip of the hat to the 1939 animated film Gulliver 's Travels by the Fleischer Brothers , who would inspire future Hayao Miyazaki projects ( most notable would be the Lupin III episodes they directed in the 80s ) .
While you ca n't buy the American translation of the film on DVD you can still find the original Japanese film on Amazon.jp . Doing my research I was also impressed to come across this vintage poster — although it does n't quite capture some of the nicer design elements which are found in the film :
Here 's another version of the same poster design I found on Wikipedia :
24 days of Hackage , 2015 : day 23 : Liquid Haskell : refinement types for the real world
Table of contents for the whole series
A table of contents is at the top of the article for day 1 .
Day 23
( Reddit discussion )
During the course of this article series “ 24 days of Hackage , 2015 ” , I 've made an effort to give a flavor of using QuickCheck to specify contracts that should be satisfied by our code that are not checked at compile time but are checked through randomized testing at run time . But we know that just because code has hundreds or thousands of tests , that is not a proof that code is actually correct for all possible cases . I 've also used newtype as a way of indicating intent that I want to restrict legal values for a type , such as on day 15 when I laboriously intended refinements of existing types but with no automatically checkable proof that I was populating them correctly .
-- | User input without a newline , and not equal to `` secret '' . newtype NotSecretString = NotSecretString { getNotSecretString : : NotNewlineString } type NotNewlineString = [ NotNewlineChar ] newtype NotNewlineChar = NotNewlineChar { getNotNewlineChar : : Char } deriving ( Show )
This is why I 'm so excited about Liquid Haskell , a static analysis system for Haskell that is under very active development . It provides a refinement type system that allows you to write , in a natural and clear way , certain varieties of contracts that can be verified at compile time . I believe this sort of system will be a game changer in the future of programming languages .
What is a refinement type ?
A refinement type is a type with some predicate that “ refines ” what possible values are allowed . In Liquid Haskell , you can add refinement type annotations to Haskell code , embedded in ordinary Haskell comments , and also write your own predicates . It 's great that Liquid Haskell can be introduced into existing Haskell code without disruption or requiring that the Liquid Haskell checker be run in order to compile the Haskell code .
As an example ( taken from an official demo ) , below we have an ordinary key-value association list data type and then we have values of two different refinements of the type where we wanted to check at compile time that the integer key is constrained in the desired way .
data AssocP k v = KVP [ ( k , v ) ] { - @ digitsP : : AssocP { v : Int | ( Btwn 0 v 9 ) } String @ - } digitsP : : AssocP Int String digitsP = KVP [ ( 1 , `` one '' ) , ( 2 , `` two '' ) , ( 3 , `` three '' ) ] { - @ sparseVecP : : AssocP { v : Int | ( Btwn 0 v 1000 ) } Double @ - } sparseVecP : : AssocP Int Double sparseVecP = KVP [ ( 12 , 34.1 ) , ( 92 , 902.83 ) , ( 451 , 2.95 ) , ( 877 , 3.1 ) ] { - @ predicate Btwn Lo V Hi = ( Lo < = V & & V < = Hi ) @ - }
One thing to note about refinement types is that an expression can have more than one refinement type that you define . For example , an Int refined to being between 0 and 9 is of course also an Int refined to being between 0 and 20 .
You can use refinements for preconditions and postconditions , and refine function types .
Great live demo site !
Go to the interactive live Liquid Haskell demo site !
Because an excellent demo site already exists , I 'm not going to walk through any examples of using Liquid Haskell , although I may look into going back to my old code to retroactively start adding use of Liquid Haskell .
The demo site has dozens of fully worked out examples , embedded in a live environment where you can change the code and rerun the checker to see what happens . Examples include defining a refinement type of sorted list , so that you can write a sorting function of type ( Ord a ) = > [ a ] - > IncrList a in which the type requires that it is proved by the solver that your sorting function actually performs a sort as advertised .
How do refinement types work ?
Liquid Haskell works by going from refinements to a collection of logic constraints whose verification is outsourced to an off-the-shelf SMT solver , such as Z3 , which needs to be installed . ( On Mac OS X , I install Z3 with brew install z3 . )
I have installed Liquid Haskell globally using Stack :
$ stack install liquidhaskell intern liquid-fixpoint
This installs the liquid executable that you run .
Tutorials , books , blog , discussion group
An extensive , free book , “ Programming with Refinement Types : An Introduction to Liquid Haskell ” , available both as PDF and as a beautifully readable HTML version .
The Liquid Haskell GitHub repo , with lots of activity there .
The Liquid Haskell blog .
The Google group mailing list .
Gabriel Gonzalez has put up a tutorial .
Videos
The Liquid Haskell team has been very active in giving presentations about their work . Here are some :
Ranjit Jhala , “ Refinement Types for Haskell ”
This is from 2014 :
There is a full LambdaConf 2015 video here :
Eric Seidel , “ Refinement Types for the Real World ”
Niki Vazou , “ Bounded Refinement Types ”
The recent paper on this work is here .
A note on full-blown dependent types
You might wonder what the relationship is between refinement types and a full-blown dependent type system . I see them both as useful techniques . With full-blown dependent types you can write really fancy types that encode various forms of information ( and I 'm interested in using dependent types more in 2016 also ) , but the flexibility and feel of using refinement types seems a win for problems where it is very natural to write down amenable predicates and also to work incrementally , refining gradually .
Conclusion
I 'm very excited about Liquid Haskell because it 's bringing refinement types into a real world setting . I expect to try to make real use of it in the coming year , 2016 .
All the code
All my code for my article series are at this GitHub repo .
Update ( Aug. 12 ) : One of Mark Driscoll 's advisers who recently resigned , Paul Tripp , stated today that Mars Hill 's accountability model `` will never be able to do what it was designed to do . ''
-- -- -
[ Updated with past Tyndale defense of Driscoll and Publishers Weekly report ]
LifeWay Christian Resources , which bills itself as `` one of the world 's largest providers of Christian products and services , '' has pulled Mark Driscoll 's books from its website and more than 180 stores nationwide .
The action by the publishing arm of America 's largest Protestant denomination , the nearly 16-million-member Southern Baptist Convention ( SBC ) , comes one day after Matt Chandler 's Acts 29 church planting network removed membership from Mars Hill churches and their popular pastor . Driscoll has authored 15 books and amassed a following of 13,000 weekly worshipers at 15 locations in five states .
`` LifeWay Stores and Lifeway.com are not selling Mark Driscoll 's ...
1
Today 's column features guest writer Angela Einstein . ( Please do follow that link before reading on . )
Take it away , Angela…
The other week I spent a long , enjoyable journey cycling through Hampshire . When the urban sprawl of Southampton 's satellite towns loomed over me , I suddenly realised what Luke Skywalker must have felt like when they dived into the Death Star 's trench .
Unfortunately , what should have then been an uneventful hour of crossing the county was full of events , thanks to endless poorly-designed roads .
Not that such infrastructural failings troubled many of my fellow road users . Blithely ignoring the dangers to me , they barged past me one after another with unabashed aplomb . Highway Code ? Nah , that 's just for slackers ( especially those of us not stuck in a stuffy Volvo ) .
What is it with some drivers ? Okay , not all of you . But at the very least those scary white van men and 4x4ers who regard the road as their own micro-universe . A place where they can duck and weave with impunity and without recourse to the law .
Astonishing , really , when you appreciate the vulnerability of the cyclist or the pedestrian when riding or walking next to their hulking 4x4s or a massive HGV .
Indeed , 19,000 cyclists were killed or injured in road accidents in the UK each year while in 2014 a total of 13 cyclists were killed in London alone .
There 's no doubt that cycling is good for the nation . Indeed , a new report this week revealed that using the UK 's network of cyclist-and bike-friendly paths helps save the nation £1m every day .
Yet the enduring and rising appeal of the bike as a form of transport – more than a million people have taken to cycling in the past five years – has also given way to an appalling attitude of driver entitlement , resulting in some pretty terrifying road manoeuvres .
Practically every day , I witness drivers taking the law – and others ' lives – into their own hands , be it tailgating , speeding or weaving between road and pavement .
Which is why surely it 's time for the statute to be changed – especially with driving poster boys Clarkson , Hammond and May raising the profile of inner city driving .
After all , we cyclists have insurance by default , being such a low liability risk , and we do n't need to pass a driving test , for the same reason . Is n't now the time to beef up our enforcement of uninsured and unlicensed driving ? Or at the very least , beef up the law to stop the kind of dangerous hijinks practiced by so many of our four ( or more ) wheeled friends .
According to road traffic lawyer , Chufty McGrumblethump of Cockburn Cockburn McGrumblethump solicitors , part of the problem is that even when they cause death , drivers ca n't be banned for life for their fatally poor conduct on the road .
“ With the point system failing to work and drivers often not getting caught , how you can effectively penalise drivers , save for ineffective fines ? ”
Reginald Hogwart-Johnson , the police and crime commissioner for Fiddledehamptonshire , did say last year that they wanted drivers to be retested on a regular basis .
Not that drivers are entirely immune to prosecution . According to the 1988 Road traffic Law , the act of causing death dangerous driving ( where the driving ‘ falls far below ' what is expected of a competent and careful driver ) carries the maximum penalty of 14 years ' imprisonment .
But Chufty McGrumblethump says that in a 40-year career , they have seen surprisingly few drivers being convicted .
“ The biggest problem for the police or anyone involved in an accident with a cyclist is convincing a jury that the driver had any sort of obligation to prevent a mistake from becoming fatal . The law does need to make drivers more accountable for their lawbreaking . Drivers need to take responsibility for the safety of other road users as well as themselves . ”
So why do drivers behave in this way ? Perhaps it 's some ethical payback for the fact they use a form of transport which has associated taxes .
Meanwhile getting ‘ behind the wheel ' is open to , well , pretty much anyone . Only the other day , I saw two rowdy chaps in a flat-tyred , smoke-billowing van that would clearly fail an MOT . In the absence of documentation to signify road worthiness and no palpable skill behind the wheel , I gave them a huge berth , trundling slowly behind for fear of trying to filter past .
And many drivers can also be scary . Last month a toddler was knocked over by a ‘ hit-and-run ' driver and dragged along the pavement .
Clarabell Strummington-Bungleworth , a lawyer and partner in Justice4Motorists which fights civil claims for drivers involved in road accidents agrees that it would be helpful if there was some kind of regular testing once drivers took to the roads . “ And I would certainly suggest that drivers pay attention to the Highway code . ”
But suggestion is not the same as enforcement .
Before I go on I realise there will be those who will presume I have a natural hatred of drivers ( heard it a million times ) . Actually , I 've owned a car since the age of seventeen . And my husband is a fanatic . Their car is the third person in our marriage ( though they limit their racing to track days ) .
Admittedly my car is for laziness rather than necessity , so I restrict myself to urban roads and residential areas . My favourite is the big car park near the shops where there are acres of cars parked where there were once meadows and field across the South Downs .
No matter . In recent years the voice of the driver has become militant and unapologetic . Indeed when I spoke out about some selfish drivers on a recent column in Singletrack , the storm on social media was fierce and relentless . It reminded me of drunken men , cigarette smokers and all those others who believe their choice is an inalienable right which should n't be contradicted .
I do n't even believe drivers pay for the road . As cursory research finds , most roads are paid for by local taxation , and so most cyclists have already paid for the roads . Whereas motoring taxes do n't even cover the remaining strategic roads plus the cost of clearing up collisions .
But surely , cycling is quite different to driving . That 's why drivers need to take a compulsory proficiency test and have an MOT certificate for their car . And why is n't the wearing of helmets compulsory ?
Kevin Peat , campaign and policy director for Drivers Drivers Drivers Rarrr , The National Driving Driving Driving Rarrr Charity , does n't agree with my ideas . Instead they think there should be a continued relaxation in road policing .
“ With around 1 million people being unlicensed and/or uninsured and almost none being retested once they start driving , the licensing and compulsory training system for drivers is failing ; not least because the Road Traffic Act fails to adequately define what constitutes poor driving . We may as well give up and make it a free-for-all , seeing as offending rates are very similar regardless of whether the vehicle requires licensing . ”
They add that the benefits would be negligible , and the bureaucracy involved likely to be something the bloody Europeans would like .
It would , no doubt , take a brave politician to give the go ahead to changes in the law . Meanwhile , the rest of us will have to be content to see red . Though when it comes to tax , there are some drivers who will always see bullshit-brown .
“ 90 % of CEOs believe the Digital Transformation will impact their industry , but less than 15 % are executing on a digital strategy. ” – MIT Sloan & Capgemini
This research says that each enterprise will need to adapt digital strategies in order to align the business processes and offer end-to-end customer experience .
The digital transformation journey involves the huge investment into enterprise mobile apps for business operations , cloud computing for process co-ordination , Big Data for analyzing the data for the decision making purposes and social channels to enable effective communication with the customers . Only by implementing digital transformation , an enterprise would be able to survive in this extreme competition and achieve success .
But , here are a few points that the enterprises agonize about :
What will be the concrete benefits of this transformation ?
How much cost will it take for the complete transformation ?
Will the enterprise be able to generate ROI ?
With these emerging concerns , quality assurance comes into the picture . Quality assurance measures has to be placed in order to qualify the system performances in respect to UI , functional and security of the applications .
So , let 's discuss how QA will help businesses sustain in the digital transformation journey :
1 . Focus on Consumer Experience & Brand
Delivering great customer experience is the key to successful digital transformation endeavor . This is why , ensuring customer experience across multiple digital platforms like mobile , web , tablet , smartwatch , etc , is important . QA ensures that your apps deliver seamless experience to users with a range of tests for a specific purpose which are as follows :
Crowdsourced testing to have realistic results from the viewpoint of the customers
Payment Gateway testing for smooth e-commerce experience
UI & Functional testing for effective and efficient customer experience of the applications on multiple devices
Testing databases for validation and stability of the application 's data
API testing across various network conditions , business-critical transactions , environment , integrations , and bandwidth
Testing applications across multiple OS , platforms , browsers and devices
The quality assurance of user experience also helps confirm following aspects of apps under test
How much easier is the access to the apps ?
Do apps maintain or increase the existing brand reputation ?
How much response time is required to reduce ?
To achieve all the above points , QA teams should enforce automated solutions .
2 . Shift to Lifecycle Test Automation
At the time of non-IoT devices , due to less complexity of the apps , quality assurance was limited to functional and regression testing . But , with the technology trends moving towards IoT and digital transformation , conventional quality assurance is now upgraded to the entire life cycle as we discussed in the above point .
Hence , automation can be performed at the level of entire life cycle of the application using various commercial as well as open-source tools . In fact , when it comes to routine execution of automated test scenarios with agile and continuous integration , codeless test automation tools reduces the cost of the entire life cycle automation . As a result , it improves the overall test automation ROI .
3 . Impose Agile Testing
Agile testing is very much important in the IT organizations now .
Earlier , there was a time when teams hardly had time to invest in testing with traditional testing methods in order to deliver apps at speed . But , now with agile testing , IT , testing , QA and business teams work hand in hand to deliver the applications faster .
Here , each team member is equally involved and responsible for faster time-to-market and quality end-product . Also , automation testing plays a very important role . In fact , most of the enterprises have already implemented codeless automation testing to sustain in digital transformation due to its benefits as discussed above .
Thus , with faster feedback , teams perform extraordinarily to serve the clients faster , which ultimately cuts out the competition .
4 . Adopt DevOps & Continuous Delivery
In order to sustain in the digital transformation journey , businesses need to focus on delivering high-quality products at the highest speed possible . Here , DevOps comes into the picture . Businesses looking to speed up their transformation process , must adopt DevOps .
DevOps focuses on collaboration of the tasks of the developers , operations & IT professionals . Thus , it is an accelerator that works on software development , testing , QA , new changes and release cycles .
However , continuous delivery ensures that the application changes are made frequently and hence , are tested and delivered rapidly . To adopt continuous delivery , QA teams advices the organizations to invest into automated software testing tools to speed up the testing cycles .
These tools are integrated well with various defect tracking tools , test management tools and also generates up-to-date reports along with the screenshots . This helps the QA teams to measure the progress of the quality of the apps in order to fulfill the business purpose of delivering quality products on time .
5 . Utilize Advanced Analytics
Earlier , the reviews of the application were acquired from the customer 's feedback . Now , with the businesses going digital , QA teams need to focus on some other methods to gather feedback . Hence , they utilize advanced analytics to gather various data as feedback from even those sources from where it is not that easy to fetch data . The same is the case with the social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook .
We need to use advanced analytics here as well to gather various customer feedback . This can further help QAs to qualify the product that help businesses sustain in the digital era .
6 . Build Testing Center of Excellence ( TCoE )
Well , most QAs now have already started building Testing Centers of Excellence ( TCoE ) for their enterprises . The only purpose behind doing this is that with digital transformation , it improves the quality of the product with faster time-to-market and also enhances the efficiency of the QA teams .
Also , QA teams can divide TCoE among two partitions . Small TCoE teams can focus on non-functional testing types and the larger ones can work on the best practices of the quality assurance .
7 . Incline towards Mobile Testing
Apart from calling or messaging , we use mobile apps for mapping locations , booking tickets , shopping , paying bills , etc . Increased access and benefits of the mobile apps is the reason why digital transformation involves mobile as well . This has increased the pressure on testing and QA teams to deliver quality and secured mobile apps . Also , mobile apps are developed much faster compared to the web apps .
The concern is the investment that the mobile testing undertakes . The cost of hiring testing experts , the time and efforts utilized , etc . are unjustified to the expected ROI . But , QA teams can think of focusing on automating regression tests . This can reduce the testing cycles and improve the quality of the mobile apps . Also , most enterprises validate the mobile testing efforts by validating the complete user experience . Here , small TCoE teams can also come into picture to ensure the mobile apps passes the non-functional tests .
8 . Work on Quality of the Big Data Testing
When we talk about digital transformation , our goal is to transform business processes in a way to offer outstanding customer experience . To do this , big data helps the businesses to understand the behavior of the customers , their requirements , expectations , etc . To confirm relevancy to the customer data gathered for analysis , data integration platforms are taken into consideration for measuring the quality of the big data .
Also , with the latest software testing trends , Big Data testing proves to be an important trend to look for quality management .
Hence , to sustain business growth , QA teams can employ open-source platforms like Hadoop or maybe commercial tools as well to come up with QA frameworks for data integrity , privacy , and security .
Conclusion
Digital transformation is actually transforming lives of the IT organizations . Hence , the role and responsibilities of the QA and testing team increase a lot to help IT organizations concentrate more on delivering quality apps faster .
What are your thoughts on this ? Do share them in the comment section below .
Also Read :
Sarv Saravanan Dell EMC India 's Sr. Vice President On Digital Transformation and Innovation in India
The Why And How Of A Digital Marketing Audit
( Disclaimer : This is a guest post submitted on Techstory by the mentioned authors . All the contents and images in the article have been provided to Techstory by the authors of the article . Techstory is not responsible or liable for any content in this article . )
About The Author :
Himani is an organic search specialist with 6+ years of experience in improving organic traffic upto 800 % within a year . Himani has helped various SMEs & MNCs to improve their brand reputation through content creation and digital marketing activities .
Apart from Digital Marketing , Himani is also a test automation consultant and a Quora Expert . Connect with them on LinkedIn and Twitter to improve your content , SEO , SMM and more .
America 's Health Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) was allegedly on board with health care reform from the start , until the White House decided to start vilifying insurance companies in August ; after that , as health reform began to coalesce amid that constant and exuberant vilification from Democrats of all stripes , AHIP criticized the cost-containment functions of Democratic reforms ( remember the PricewaterhouseCoopers study it commissioned , claiming that certain provisions in the Senate Finance bill -- but not the whole bill -- would raise costs ? ) .
AHIP stuck to that message today , claiming that parts of the newly passed Senate health reform bill would raise costs , instead of lowering them . See the full statement from AHIP President and CEO Karen Ignagni below :
`` Providing all Americans with health care coverage is crucial for the country . Health plans support legislative changes that would provide guaranteed access to all Americans , with no pre-existing condition limitations and no health-status-based premiums . These reforms are essential to giving all Americans greater peace of mind and health security .
`` At the same time , specific provisions in this legislation will increase , rather than decrease , health care costs ; reduce coverage options ; and disrupt existing coverage for families , seniors and small businesses - particularly between now and when the legislation is fully implemented in 2014 .
`` These issues can and should be addressed if health care reform is going to fulfill the promise of providing all Americans with guaranteed access to affordable , portable health care coverage . ''
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Dispatches from APU13
AMD unveiled its Mantle graphics programming layer during a press event in Hawaii two months ago . The announcement immediately sent waves through the PC gaming community , and in its wake , we heard about a number of games adopting the API—games from Battlefield 4 to Thief to Star Citizen . However , AMD divulged comparatively little about how Mantle works or about the benefits we can expect from it . The lack of concrete information about Mantle spawned lots of speculation and debate , but most of it was n't very enlightening .
Fortunately , we now know some specifics . At its APU13 developer conference in San Jose , California , AMD invited journalists and developers to listen to hours worth of keynotes and sessions by Mantle luminaries . We did n't just hear from the API 's architects ; we also listened to some its more illustrious early adopters , a few of whom helped develop Mantle in collaboration with AMD .
Among the speakers were Guennadi Riguer and Brian Bennett , the two AMD staffers who created Mantle ; Johan Andersson of EA DICE , the man behind the Frostbite engines that power the Battlefield series ; and Jurjen Katsman , the CEO of Nixxes , a Dutch studio that 's porting the next Thief game to the PC . ( Nixxes can also be credited with porting Deus Ex : Human Revolution , Hitman Absolution , and Tomb Raider to Windows . )
Altogether , the Mantle presentations and talks at APU13 amounted to well over three hours of material . Much of that material was laden with game programming jargon and cryptic PowerPoint diagrams , and almost all of it was presented by developers with a knack for talking really , really fast . What follows is some of the information we managed to glean from those sessions—and from talking with a few of those folks one-on-one .
What on earth is Mantle ?
Before we get started , we should probably talk a little bit about what Mantle is .
Mantle is a new application programming interface , or API , for real-time graphics that 's intended to be a substitute for Direct3D and OpenGL . Mantle is designed to cut much of the overhead associated with those APIs , and in many respects , it 's meant to operate at a lower level , closer to the metal , than they do . In that sense , Mantle is similar—but not identical—to the low-level APIs used to develop games on consoles like the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4 .
At present , Mantle support is limited to Windows systems with graphics processors based on AMD 's Graphics Core Next architecture . Games written using Mantle will run on discrete Radeons from the HD 7000 series onward , and they 'll work on upcoming Kaveri APUs , too . ( The GCN graphics architecture has made its way into some other notable silicon , including the SoCs inside of both the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One , but Mantle does not , to our knowledge , currently support those . )
All of this talk of being `` close to the metal '' refers to a classic tradeoff in programming interfaces , especially in real-time graphics . A programming interface may choose to go very low level by exposing control over the smallest details of the hardware , giving the developer access to exact buffer sizes and the like . Doing so can allow programmers to extract the best possible performance out of a particular piece of silicon . However , applications written for low-level APIs can become dependent on the presence of specific hardware . When a new chip architecture comes along , a `` close to the metal '' application may run poorly or even refuse to run on the new silicon . In order to maintain broader compatibility and flexibility , higher-level APIs restrict access to hardware-specific features and expose a simpler set of capabilities that presumably will be available across multiple chip architectures .
Console APIs can afford to be fairly low-level , since console hardware does n't change for years at a stretch . By contrast , the high-level nature of Direct3D is the bit of magic that allows us to run decade-old PC games on brand-new graphics cards without issue .
In Mantle 's case , according to Riguer , AMD has lowered the abstraction level in some areas but `` not across the board . '' DICE 's Johan Andersson described the traditional approach as `` middle-ground abstraction , '' where a compromise is struck between performance and usability . Mantle , by comparison , offers `` thin low-level abstraction '' that exposes how the underlying hardware works . Riguer boiled it down further by comparing Mantle to driving a car with a manual transmission—more responsibility , but also more fun .
Also , while Graphics Core Next is the `` hardware foundation '' for Mantle , AMD 's Guennadi Riguer and some of the other Mantle luminaries at APU13 made it clear that the API is by no means tied down to GCN hardware . Some of Mantle 's features are targeted at GCN , but others are generic . `` We do n't want to paint ourselves in a corner , '' Riguer explained . `` What we would like to do with Mantle is to have [ the ] ability to innovate on future graphics architectures for years to come , and possibly even enable our competitors to run Mantle . '' Jurjen Katsman of Nixxes was even bolder in their assessment , stating , `` There 's nothing that I can see from my perspective that stops [ Mantle ] from running on pretty much any hardware out there that is somewhat recent . ''
Of course , technical feasibility is n't the only obstacle in the way of Nvidia 's hypothetical adoption of Mantle . We 'll discuss this again in a little more detail at the end of the article . But first ...
The problem with Direct3D
To understand why AMD created Mantle , it helps to know about some of the pitfalls of development with current , vendor-agnostic APIs . That model involves a substantial amount of overhead , and it apparently puts much of the optimization burden on driver developers , leaving game developers with limited control over how the hardware runs their software .
Katsman was particularly critical , calling Direct3D `` extremely unpredictable '' and complaining that , in some titles , `` 50 % of your CPU time is spent by the driver and by Direct3D doing something that you 're not quite sure about . '' AMD 's Riguer blamed that high overhead partly on the fact that graphics drivers have `` no straightforward way to translate API commands to GPU commands '' and are `` not all that lean and mean . '' In consoles , where the APIs are closer to the metal , Katsman said overhead amounts to something like `` a few percent '' of total CPU time .
The slide above , taken from the Nixxes presentation , outlines some of Katsman 's grievances with Direct3D in more detail .
Among those grievances is the performance hit caused by the driver compiling shaders at `` undefined times '' in the background . Katsman noted that , in Deus Ex : Human Revolution , one of Nixxes ' PC ports , shader compilation caused the game to stutter—which , in turn , led players to complain online . For what it 's worth , we did notice some ugly stuttering in our own testing of that game , although it 's not clear if those slowdowns were caused by this specific problem .
Another issue with Direct3D is the developer 's lack of control over GPU memory . Riguer explained that consoles let developers achieve `` much greater visuals than on [ the ] PC with comparable or greater memory configs . '' Katsman provided some background information about why that is . `` In general , [ with ] Direct3D , if you destroy and recreate resources all the time , the API is too slow to do that , so you 're stuck having a fixed amount of resources that you cache and you keep around , '' Katsman said . `` Memory usage on PC is actually far higher , and we 're not really getting anything in return . ''
There 's also the overhead associated with draw calls , Direct3D 's basic commands to place and manipulate objects on the screen . Packing in the amount of detail in today 's games requires lots of draw calls for each frame , and that leads to what developers call the small-batch problem . In Riguer 's words , `` You hit a wall after so many draw calls per frame . '' The limit is usually around 3,000-5,000 draws calls per frame , although very skilled developers can purportedly manage 10,000 or more . According to Katsman , developers must `` jump through a lot of hoops '' and come up with `` new and clever ways to have fewer draw calls . '' The barrier to increasing the number of draw calls per frame lies not with the hardware , Katsman added , but with the API .
Katsman then decried the fact that driver optimizations are `` almost required '' for new games . Anyone who 's ever had to download multiple beta driver updates to support a new PC game will be all too familiar with that problem . Developers are , in effect , unable to make their games work well by themselves . `` I think that 's actually very harmful and does n't really contribute to users getting a good experience from the games they buy , '' said Katsman .
Finally , PC games underutilize multi-core processors . Four- , six- , and eight-core chips are n't uncommon in modern gaming PCs , but AMD 's Riguer said that `` very few of those cores are available for driving graphics today . '' Katsman elaborated on this point , noting that developers must expect drivers to spawn extra threads . They brought up this hypothetical scenario : `` If the system has eight cores , then as an app , we should probably only use five , because who knows , the driver may still use another three or so . '' That truly is a hypothetical scenario , though—in practice , Katsman pointed out that most games `` flatten off at one core . ''
Hours before the Stanley Cup finals began , NHL commissioner Gary Bettman proudly proclaimed that concussions are down across the league and there are numbers to back them up .
That does not mean the league has figured out how to prevent head injuries among its players . Or that the numbers tell the whole story .
According to data from STATS provided to The Associated Press , there were 53 concussions during the regular season , a sharp decline from the 78 reported during the league 's last full season two years ago .
The Canadiens were criticized for letting Dale Weise return after a blindsided hit , but GM Marc Bergevin insisted the team did not know Weise had a concussion until the next day and that the league 's protocol was followed . Eric Bolte/USA TODAY Sports
But even Bettman said there is only so much the league can do about a player hiding a head injury to stay on the ice .
`` Obviously , it 's difficult for us to get into a player 's head , no pun intended , with this concussion discussion , '' they said . `` But if a player is going to not follow the protocol , not say exactly what he 's feeling , that 's pretty difficult to address . ''
Dr. Jeff Kutcher , an Ann Arbor , Michigan-based neurologist who works with NHL players believed to have concussions , was n't sure the lower numbers indicated a dramatic change .
`` I 'm not surprised that the numbers are down , but I would n't read too much into those numbers , '' Kutcher said .
The NHL 's concussion protocol , like other leagues , requires players to get a team doctor 's OK before they can return to play . They are taken to a quiet place for evaluation , questions and tests of their memory , balance and general awareness .
Players , though , seem to be able to skate around the protocol .
Columbus Blue Jackets defenseman James Wisniewski said they avoided return-to-play protocol after they went head first into the boards during the playoffs . They wanted to keep playing .
The Montreal Canadiens were criticized for letting forward Dale Weise return to Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals after a blindsided hit sent them to the dressing room . General manager Marc Bergevin insisted the team did not know Weise had a concussion until the next day and that the league 's protocol was followed .
`` It 's flawed , but I 'm not a doctor , '' Bergevin said . `` We all worry about our players , but we can only go by what we 're given . ''
Hockey Hall of Famer Brendan Shanahan , who was hired by the Toronto Maple Leafs to be their president two months ago after they were the NHL 's chief disciplinarian , said it is good for the game that concussions are part of the conversation .
`` When there are situations like we 've had in the playoffs , whether it is a hit to the head or mis-reporting , it gets put in the spotlight and it should , '' Shanahan said . `` That is part of the continuing change of culture , and it 's going to be an ongoing process . I do n't think there ever will be a perfect system because players are always going to want to play . ''
The NHL Players Association says it has taken steps to educate its players about the dangers of concussions , including bringing doctors to each team before the season for discussions .
`` The players understand the seriousness of concussions , and along with our consulting doctors we continue to discuss with them the importance of early diagnosis , treatment and proper recovery , '' NHLPA executive director Don Fehr said .
Detroit Red Wings forward Drew Miller said players choose to keep playing with head injuries for at least a few reasons .
`` Guys downplay the symptoms or do n't report them because of job security and they do n't want to lose their spot , '' Miller said . `` And , guys want to keep playing because they want to help their team . In the back of our minds , too , you do n't want other teams to know you have a head injury . ''
Retired players Dave Christian , Reed Larson and William Bennett filed a class-action suit nearly two months ago in federal court that alleged the league has promoted fighting and downplayed the risk of head injuries that come from it . They joined another group of former NHL players in the fight for compensation for head injuries they blame on a game that promotes hard-hitting action .
Current players seem to be adapting to the NHL 's emphasis on safer play : Physical penalties -- such as illegal checks to the head , checks from behind and elbowing -- have dropped in each of the last six regular seasons .
An average of 1.03 physical penalties were called per game during the 2013-14 season , according to STATS , down from 1.14 , 1.16 , 1.25 , 1.36 and 1.39 the previous five years . Suspensions have generally held steady at around 35 per season the past few years , and players are sometimes forced to sit even if no penalty is called .
Montreal 's Brandon Prust was n't penalized for a hit that broke the jaw of New York Rangers forward Derek Stepan during the Eastern Conference finals , but they were suspended for two games by the league . Stepan sat out one game after going through a series of tests .
`` The protocol helps make sure that the player is OK and that they are not playing with something that they should n't be , '' they said . `` I think it 's a good step in the right direction . ''
Ultimately , though , players have to protect themselves and each other .
`` It comes down to the guys on the ice respecting each other and playing it as safe as possible , '' Chicago Blackhawks forward Patrick Sharp said . `` You see some of the big hits this year , inevitably you 're going to catch a piece of the head and cause a problem , but the league 's done well with suspensions and penalties and the players have done a good job as far as the respect factor . ''
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A SUSPECTED spray-paint menace has appeared in court over a Christmas Day graffiti attack on the Metro .
Workers leave was interrupted when transport bosses called them in to clean up the ugly scrawls daubed on the walls of five stations .
But police have now arrested a man in connection with the graffiti , which caused £7,000 of damage .
Justin John Moore , of Armstrong Road , Benwell , Newcastle , was charged with criminal damage .
The 23-year-old pleaded not guilty at the city 's magistrates court .
Insp Les Pattison from Northumbria Police 's Metro Unit said : “ Incidents of graffiti on the Metro system are taken very seriously and are always thoroughly investigated .
“ Offenders should be aware that will do everything we can to bring them to justice . ”
The graffiti appeared at stations between Jesmond and Gateshead .
Staff were called back from their Christmas leave to work through the night to clean it off .
The worst-hit station was Newcastle 's Haymarket .
A Nexus spokesperson said : “ The vandalism happened late on Christmas Day when there were no trains in service .
“ Staff worked through the night to clean the graffiti from the system . ”
One Metro passenger said : “ It 's just pointless . I do n't know why people do it . It just means people have to come in during their time off during the festive period to clean it off which is n't fair . I hope the people who did it are caught . ”
Vandals cause hundreds of thousands of pounds of damage to the Metro system every year .
In August , a train had to be halted after wooden pallets and other items were found on the track at Hadrian Road station , in Wallsend .
When the driver got out to remove the items from the track , they realised the train was being sprayed with graffiti . They also saw a camera flash as a man took a photograph of the mess .
It is believed the objects were deliberately placed at the scene .
Next to the Iranian nuclear program or Putin 's neo-Soviet expansionism , the question of whether NBC News `` managing editor '' Brian Williams is a self-aggrandizing liar or a mentally ill fantasist is a relatively minor matter , notwithstanding that they are the very embodiment of the strange antiquated assumptions of network news - that because a chap looks like a 1950s department-store mannequin he 's your go-to guy for economic analysis and foreign policy .
As to the subject at issue , my general view of `` personal stories '' ( including my own ) was summed up by Mel Brooks on stage a few decades back reminiscing about their life . After one especially uproarious anecdote , they said , `` I swear every word is true . Well , no . The mildly funny stuff is true . The mezzo-mezzo stuff is mostly true . But the really funny stuff is entirely invented . '' That formula applies to the dramatic stuff , too . As you tell a story over the years , as Brian Williams did with their RPG-hit-chopper shtick , it gets too honed , too sharp .
Then too there is the phenomenon that creeps with age - when anecdotes you once told about other people mutate into anecdotes you tell about yourself . The first example of this I encountered , back when I was very young , was the great Royal Ballet choreographer Sir Frederick Ashton , who regaled me with a string of fascinating personal stories , all of which I discovered , upon returning home , had happened to Diaghilev or Massine or Ninette de Valois .
But again : I can understand that . You were there . You were part of the scene . You knew the people . You laughed and smoked and danced with them . Why could n't it have been you who got off the devastatingly witty retort ?
But I find it harder to believe that a man can `` accidentally '' claim their helicopter has been hit by an RPG . You have to feel that to know what it 's like . And , if you 've never felt it , how can you `` accidentally '' go around describing it to David Letterman on TV and Alec Baldwin on radio for years on end ?
Back in 2003 , I was in Iraq just a few weeks after Brian Williams . As I mention in The [ Un ] documented Mark Steyn , I rented a car at Amman airport , drove through Jordan 's eastern desert , crossed the border and kept going . A little bit of it was scary , a lot of it was funny , relaxing , dull ... As the years go by and I tell someone about the goofy guy I met gassing up in Ramadi , I have to stop myself and think , `` No , wait . Was it Ramadi ? Or Fallujah ? '' I 'm sure , if you combed through a decade 's worth of radio interviews , you could find inconsistencies .
When a soldier pointed me toward the road to Tikrit , they added , `` Or , as we call it , RPG Alley . ''
`` Oh , yes ? '' I said . `` Why 's that ? ''
I was certainly alert on the road , and I saw the occasional burnt out tank and other vehicles , but I 've never been in any danger over the ensuing dozen years of `` misremembering '' an RPG hitting my car - because the difference between being in a motor vehicle or flying machine that 's not hit by an RPG and the same contraption that is hit by an RPG is so vast I do n't see how one wanders innocently across that line . I was around RPGs , I was in the vicinity of RPGs , I was in the Greater RPG Area zip code ... but I did n't see one and I did n't get hit by one . And I 've no idea what that would feel like .
But Brian Williams does . Their eyewitness accounts of things their eye never actually witnessed are impressive . Here they are a decade ago , back when they still remembered it was some other guy 's helicopter that got hit :
The helicopter in front of us was hit . A pickup truck stopped on the road , pulled a tarp back ; a guy got up , fired an RPG , rocket-propelled grenade . These were farmers , or so they seemed . And it beautifully pierced the tail rotor of the Chinook in front of us .
By `` in front of us '' , Mr Williams in fact means `` 30 to 60 minutes in front of us '' . But their long-range eye for detail is so powerful the most plausible explanation is that he 's a prototype for a new animatronic surveillance drone .
Here they are on the radio with Alec Baldwin a few years later . He 's now transferred themselves from the `` following '' helicopter into the one `` in front '' :
`` I 've done some ridiculously stupid things under that banner , '' Williams said , `` like being in a helicopter I had no business being in in Iraq with rounds coming into the airframe . '' `` Did you think you would die ? '' Baldwin asked . `` Briefly , sure , '' Williams said . `` Do you tell yourself that 's the job ? '' Baldwin said . `` Oh , absolutely , '' Williams said .
Danger is their middle name . It used to be Dan Rather 's middle name , but Brian bought it at Dan 's yard sale a few years back . The `` rounds coming into the airframe '' is also a nice touch . They know the lingo . He 's way better than Billy Crystal 's creative-writing student pitching their submarine drama in Throw Momma From The Train :
'Dive ! Dive ! ' yelled the captain through the thing . So the captain pressed a button or something ...
Whereas even Williams ' highly misleading apology manages to convey the impression that sure , they did n't take it in the rotor on this flight , but hell , he 's seen a lot of action :
I was indeed on the Chinook behind the bird that took the RPG in the tail housing just above the ramp .
Er , no , they are n't . But `` bird '' , `` tail housing '' ... That kind of swaggering vernacular is way better than the creative-writing class taking the big scary bang-bang in the thingie at the back or something .
There 's now some suggestion that their lurid accounts from New Orleans of dead bodies floating past their hotel window might also be , ah , `` misremembered '' . But at least , when he 's on the balcony of their suite at the Ritz-Carlton watching the passing parade as they toy with their eggs Benedict , he 's on their own . When they were in the bird that took the RPG in the tail rotor , there were other NBC fellows with him . We 're told NBC News execs disliked Williams ' `` version '' of events and never permitted it on their own airwaves . Yet one week ago they told NBC viewers :
The helicopter we were traveling in was forced down after being hit by an RPG .
Assuredly there 's been some turnover in NBC News since 2003 . So maybe nobody working on the program now was working on it then . But in TV you 're always looking for ways to show rather than announce , so , if you 've got a line like that on Brian 's prompter , it defies belief that someone would n't have said , `` Hey , grab that footage out of the archive . '' And then the intern comes back from the basement and says , `` Um , it was somebody else 's helicopter that got forced down ... ''
I would wager , even as Williams read their line , that most everyone who mattered on the show knew it was n't true . And maybe one or two of them looked nervously at each other in the control room , but let it go . Hey , he 's the star , right ? NBC Nightly News with Walter Mitty reporting .
Hardly anything on TV at the Bryan Williams level is accidental . That riveting account of death-defying derring-do with Letterman would have been worked out during the pre-interview for the show - in other words , the misremembering was painstakingly rehearsed . Maybe Williams is delusional . Maybe they are to anchors as Anthony Weiner is to wankers - a guy so cocksure they figure they can push it a little further each time .
Thirty years ago , it would be difficult to imagine a liar or fantasist surviving in a job that supposedly depends on one 's trustworthiness . Yet today Brian Williams ' survival is the way to bet - because the obsolete format of Big Three `` network news '' is a dinner-theatre exercise that now bears so little relation to real news that Williams ' ability to project the aura of authority and integrity trumps the reality that they do n't actually have any . If you get your news from old-school `` network news '' , you 're not actually getting any news , you 're watching a guy 'cause they have great hair . So getting it from a delusional narcissist is only taking it to the next level .
As I write , NBC has announced an internal investigation into Williams . We 'll see . They were on the bird , they were on the bird behind the bird , but no one at NBC is gon na give them the bird .
| by Stefan Novakovic |
`` It 's like something out of Star Trek , '' the TTC 's Joanna Kervin remarks , looking up at the sinuous form taking shape above us . Located southwest of the Highway 407 and Jane interchange in Vaughan , the regional transit hub will be the penultimate station on the northwest branch of Toronto 's Line 1 , integrating services for TTC , GO , ZÜM , and York Region Transit . Ahead of its scheduled December 2017 opening , the station 's sleek kinetic form is already a conspicuous presence among a sea of highway-adjacent boxes .
Looking north , image by Craig White
Designed by Aedas in partnership with AECOM and engineering firm Parsons Brinckerhoff , Highway 407 Station features an 18-bay bus terminal above grade , along with TTC subway service below . Along with enhanced local service for York Region Transit , one of Brampton 's ZÜM express bus lines , and GO , the multi-modal facility will redirect some of the existing GO buses from Toronto destinations ( including Yorkdale ) , providing a connection to the subway while avoiding Toronto traffic .
Looking down the bus terminal , image by Jack Landau
Surrounding the facility , some 600 parking spaces will ( together with additional nearby lots ) cater to regional commuters , with an additional 14 accessible spaces fronting the station , alongside the Passenger Pick-Up and Drop-Off zone and bicycle parking . While site offices still occupy much of the future parking lot space , recently planted landscaping surrounds the main station entrance .
The view from the future parking lot , image by Craig White
As Kervin explains , giving the plantings `` a season to mature '' should make for a stronger landscaping program once the station opens . `` It also lets us know if any of the plantings do n't manage to acclimatize , so that we can make adjustments by next year , '' Kervin adds .
A re-naturalized portion of Black Creek , image by Jack Landau
The soft landscaping program—which includes a naturalized and re-channelled portion of Black Creek immediately west of Jane—focuses on hardy and low-maintenance local plantings , along with comparatively inexpensive stretches of turf , providing drainage .
Recently installed turf ( an earth berm is also visible at centre ) , image by Jack Landau
Coming up on the bus terminal , plantings will extend up the landscaped berms fronting the sloping roof . Above , work on the distinctive roof is now underway , with the structure 's standing seam anodized aluminum skin set to be revealed in the coming months .
Work on the roof , image by Jack Landau
Inside , skylights and curtain-wall glazing carry natural light all the way down to track level , with the passenger atrium and bus terminal designed as open spaces . Stepping inside , the generous proportions call to mind an airport terminal .
Looking up from the concourse level , image by Jack Landau
Double-height spaces are utilized throughout the station , image by Jack Landau
In the coming months , the structure will be sealed with bird-friendly fritted glazing , with a splash of colour added to the white ceramic interiors by an enamel on glass installation by artist David Pearl .
A rendering of the station entrance , image courtesy of the TTC
Set to be installed on the east side of the station , along the subway skylights and the bus station 's west façade , the artwork is intended to colour the space with a sense of warmth and vibrancy .
The coloured skylight , image courtesy of the TTC
Located above the tracks—with light spilling below—the now tarp-covered skylight hovers above the escalators , which are framed by curved walls . `` We call this space the velodrome , '' Kervin tells us , drawing our attention to the oval shape surrounding us .
The 'velodrome ' is designed to bring light to track level , image by Jack Landau
Another view of 'the velodrome , ' image by Jack Landau
Meanwhile , at the concourse level between the bus terminal and the escalators to the tracks , knockout panels facilitate an eventual tunnel connection to the future Highway 407 Transitway . Until then , the space will be filled in with a small retailer .
Knockout panels facilitate a future connection to the 407 transitway , image by Jack Landau
Despite the long escalator from the velodrome , the station 's track level is designed to let in ample natural light . Although the skylight remains covered by a tarp , the 'velodrome 's ' open , curved configuration lends the track level a sense of continuity with the space above .
Looking up from track level , image by Jack Landau
Another view of the track level , image by Jack Landau
Either side of the platform , the tunnels are now lit , with the rail installation for the 8.6-kilometre Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension ( TYSSE ) completed in June of this year .
The tunnel , image by Jack Landau
Back above ground , the bus terminal remains a busy construction site . Viewing the space from the edge of the roof emphasizes the structure 's grand scale , and particularly its deceptively imposing height .
The bus terminal , image by Jack Landau
Surrounding the bus terminal—which also gets natural light via an expansive skylight—most of the concrete roadway has already been installed . `` It 's going to be maintained as concrete , without asphalt on top , '' Kervin notes , explaining that the lack of a wearing surface facilitates reduced long-term costs .
Another skylight , image by Jack Landau
For a more complete visual overview of the station , our video offers a glimpse at each of the station 's spaces :
* * *
Compared to Toronto 's older subway stations , the imposing multi-modal complex at Highway 407 is an entirely different type of facility . Along with improved safety standards—which require more space for mechanical installations—the station 's status as regional hub necessitates a larger scale . Nonetheless , the station 's form and scale evidence the desire to create both a transit hub and an architectural showpiece that privileges the passenger experience .
A map of the station ( click for a closer view ) , image courtesy of the TTC
We will keep you updated as construction of the six TYSSE stations continues . In the meantime , you can learn more about Highway 407 Station via our dataBase file , linked below . Want to share your thoughts ? Leave a comment in the space below this page , or join the conversation in our associated Forum thread .
There 's lots going on in Neil Gaiman ‘ s world these days . While they have countless Whovians in a chatter over their forthcoming Doctor Who is a episode featuring Michael Sheen and Suranne Jones , a few of Gaiman 's most popular works will soon be fit for cinema or TV .
The celebrated English author recently sat down with Digital Spy to tell all . Gosh , where do we start ? Well , a film version of their prized 2001 fantasy novel , American Gods , is reportedly being eyed by a “ genius ” director with “ many , many Oscars. ” Gaiman said , “ I 'm going to be having a meeting in L.A , with the people that the film rights have been sold to . I 'm going to be talking to them , find out where they 're going and if there 's any way that I can help . ”
Also in the mix is a four-part television series based on their and Terry Pratchett ‘ s 1990 book , Good Omens . And another Terry who will help bring it to life is Welsh-born screenwriter and fellow Monty Python principal Terry Jones . Gaiman is seemingly thrilled with the plan , referring to Jones ' involvement as “ great. ” But they also divulged that one of Jones ' colleagues , Terry Gilliam , had previously attempted to bring it to the silver screen , however financing never panned out .
As for Gaiman 's much-loved comic series , The Sandman , that 's still being touted for television as well . “ It 's one of the jewels in DC Comics ' crown , ” Gaiman explained . “ They know that and they do n't want to spend it cheaply . ”
Are you geeked or what ?
Exclusive Preview | ‘ Justice League ' # 3
Before DC Rebirth , the Justice League was meant to fight the threats that no single hero could fight on their own . But now , even the League is outmatched by the Kindred !
The pre-Flashpoint Superman has joined with Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Aquaman , Cyborg , and two rookie Green Lanterns…and it still is n't enough . The Kindred possessed thousands of people across the world and actually began to steal some of the heroes ' powers before they merged together into giants of unbelievable power .
In CraveOnline 's exclusive preview from this week 's Justice League # 3 , Wonder Woman demands answers from one of the newly formed Kindred giants , and it does n't go well for her ! The Kindred may have their own enemies to contend with , but their idea of saving the world could mean the end of humanity…and everything else !
For this issue , writer Bryan Hitch is joined by artist Tony Daniel , inker Sandu Florea , and colorist Tomeu Morey . Here 's DC 's solicitation text :
“ The Extinction Machine ” part three ! The hive-mind entities known as the Awakened take their vendetta against the Justice League to the next level by changing ordinary people into grotesque monsters bent on hunting down super-humans all over the world . Meanwhile , Superman journeys to the center of the earth to stop the catastrophic quakes that are taking lives all over the world . ”
Justice League # 3 will be released on Wednesday , August 17 in comic book shops everywhere .
What did you think about this preview ? Let us know in the comment section below !
Photo Credits : All images provided by DC Comics
Last week , ThinkProgress reported on Shopify , a Canadian company specializing in sales platforms , providing disgraced provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos with a store to monetize the latest white nationalist trend .
This week , the store has disappeared .
It remains unclear if ThinkProgress 's reporting led directly to Shopify to sever its ties with Yiannopoulos , which continued long after Yiannopoulos 's apparent willingness to condone pedophilia and collaboration with white supremacists came to light . Neither Shopify nor Yiannopoulos responded to ThinkProgress 's questions .
However , the link to the “ Milo Boutique ” – which remains available on Yiannopoulos 's homepage – no longer leads to Yiannopoulos 's store . Instead , the landing page reads that the “ shop is unavailable . ”
A Google Cache search confirms that the site was up through last Friday , before its removal .
Likewise , it appears that the merchandise links on Yiannopoulos 's Facebook have also been removed . Where Yiannopoulos once sold shirts that , for instance , read that “ It 's Okay To Be White ” – the latest white nationalist meme , generated two weeks ago – the Facebook page , which previously took users to Shopify 's platform , appears to have been taken down .
Advertisement
As it is , Shopify has long claimed that removing stores from its services would be tantamount to censorship . When contacted last week , Shopify spokesperson Sheryl So told ThinkProgress that Shopify does “ not consider [ Yiannopoulos 's ] store to be in breach of our [ Acceptable Use Policy ] at the moment . If it does , then we will prohibit them from using our services. ” Indeed , Shopify continues to provide a platform for Breitbart 's store .
While Yiannopoulos has n't yet commented on the status of their store , or of their relationship with Shopify , users on Twitter have begun noticing the store 's disappearance .
link 's not working 🙁 — Sherman Lee [ SDMN ] ( @ Sherman10Lee ) November 13 , 2017
With the store 's removal , it remains unclear how Yiannopoulos will make money moving forward . Having lost both their job with Breitbart and , more recently , funding from hedge fund manager Robert Mercer , Yiannopoulos 's store served as one of their few remaining sources of revenue . But with the store 's removal , it appears Yiannopoulos will have to rely on speaking fees and book sales that continue to disappoint .
Today the Blender Foundation releases the first 2.80-beta version . No other release of Blender has been met with so much anticipation ! It 's the accumulation of 3 years of time and hundreds of months of work by developers from the Blender community . A couple of useful links : Consider joining the Blender Development Fund to support the project and make 2.80 the best release ever . Enjoy ! A beta version for Steam will come next month , after some initial testing . Stay tuned !
About This Software Blender is a free and open source 3D creation suite . It supports the entirety of the 3D pipeline—modeling , rigging , animation , simulation , rendering , compositing and motion tracking , even video editing and game creation . Advanced users employ Blender 's API for Python scripting to customize the application and write specialized tools ; often these are included in Blender 's future releases . Blender is well suited to individuals and small studios who benefit from its unified pipeline and responsive development process . Examples from many Blender-based projects are available in the showcase .
Blender is cross-platform and runs equally well on Linux , Windows and Macintosh computers . Its interface uses OpenGL to provide a consistent experience . To confirm specific compatibility , the list of supported platforms indicates those regularly tested by the development team .
As a community-driven project under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , the public is empowered to make small and large changes to the code base , which leads to new features , responsive bug fixes , and better usability . Blender has no price tag , but you can invest , participate , and help to advance a powerful collaborative tool : Blender is your own 3D software .
This is the shocking moment a topless woman is filmed pulling down their pants and trousers and launching themselves at police officers in China .
Boozy Xiao Chen-Li , 30 , and husband Sying Hseuh , 28 , had just been pulled over by traffic cops after apparently enjoying too much alcohol at a meal with friends .
They were driving them home in their car when the pair , both topless , got into a spat with officers . Sying started throwing drunken punches at them while Xiao rushed to theirs aid .
Bare cheek : The moment Xiao Chen-Li decides to pull their trousers down and fight police in Wenzhou , China
On show : Back-up police do n't know how to react when Xiao Chen-Li launches themselves at them with their trousers around their ankles
Their pals leap out of the car to help as a crowd of puzzled onlookers watch on in disbelief .
The bizarre series of events are caught on camera by a stunned bystander in the city of Wenzhou in China 's Zhejiang province .
Onlooker Liang Yao , 25 , said : 'It was hilarious , bizarre and disturbing all at the same time . No one really seemed in control .
Bottoms up : Reports say Xiao Chen-Li had been out for a boozy meal with their husband and a group of friends when they were pulled over by police
Shocked : Stunned onlookers crowd around to watch police grapple with Xiao Chen-Li who pulled down their trousers to attack officers
'The drunks were falling all over the place , the police did n't seem to know what to do and then this woman yelling obscenities waded in , revealing all . '
For decades , idealistic and young college-educated volunteers joined political campaigns and were promptly sent off to canvass voters in factory towns and inner cities who were nothing like them .
Two political scientists say their research suggests that the mismatch between volunteers and voters could be a problem for today 's data-driven campaigns , which are having more direct conversations with more voters . As campaigns increase the volume of in-person visits and phone calls made by volunteers , they risk that those interactions could turn away voters from the candidates they are promoting .
In a forthcoming paper in the American Political Science Review , Ryan D. Enos , an assistant government professor at Harvard , and Eitan D. Hersh , an assistant professor of political science at Yale , describe how they surveyed more than 3,000 Obama campaign volunteers in the midst of the 2012 election . They found that “ individuals who were interacting with swing voters on the campaign 's behalf were demographically unrepresentative , ideologically extreme , cared about atypical issues , and misunderstood the voters ' priorities . ”
Astronauts ' brains begin to process visual information differently as they become acclimated to a weightless environment , a new study published in PLoS One reports .
Optical illusions made up of line drawings that can be seen in two different ways , for example a chair that can be seen either facing towards or away from you , are known as “ reversible perspective figures. ” Studying how people see these figures sheds light on how the human brain takes two-dimensional images from the eyes and puts them together to see in three dimensions .
When people look at these illusions , what they see tends to switch back and forth between the two possible visual interpretations , but one of these views is typically dominant and is seen about 70 percent of the time . This is thought to occur because of the way the brain interprets cues about visual depth . Because the ground is usually closer to us than the sky or ceiling , the brain is more prepared to see lower parts of the drawing as closer , making it easier to see the picture in one way than the other .
A new study , led by Gilles Clément of the Lyon Neuroscience Research Center , studied how astronauts saw these illusions to find out how prolonged weightlessness affects human depth perception . Six astronauts living on the International Space Station were tested on their vision of four reversible perspective figure optical illusions , viewing the figures on a screen and reporting each time their vision switched between the two possible interpretations . The astronauts were tested three times before leaving Earth , four times while in space for a period of up to six months , and another three times after returning .
Before going into space , the astronauts ' perception of the figures was the same as other people 's , with the dominant interpretation being seen about 70 percent of the time . Once they were in space , the astronauts ' perceptions began to change gradually over time . Instead of seeing one interpretation most of the time , they began to see both possibilities roughly equally . Their vision remained the same immediately after they returned to Earth , but after nine months they had returned to seeing one interpretation of the figure dominantly over the other .
According to the study authors , these results reveal that “ depth is not so much the direct result of certain specifiable stimulus cues as it is a mental construction. ” The brain pieces together information on visual depth based partly on experience with the environment . In an environment with gravity , this experience tells us that objects in the lower part of the field of vision are probably closer than those in the upper part . For someone who is weightless , the upper field of vision is just as likely to be close as the lower part , giving the brain fewer clues to depth .
In addition to advancing our understanding of how three dimensional vision is processed by the brain , these insights may help future astronauts combat “ space fog , ” the sense of confusion and disorientation reported after spending time in a weightless environment .
A SYDNEY teenager shocked by anti-gay marriage literature handed out at their school is leading the charge to have the booklets banned .
Georgia Simpson was so offended when the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference booklet Do n't Mess With Marriage was dropped on their desk , they were moved to tears .
“ It was pretty upsetting , I was offended and I know a lot of my friends were personally offended by it , ” the 16-year-old student told news.com.au .
The year-11 student attends one of the Australian Catholic schools where the anti-gay marriage booklet , intended as a guide for “ all Australians ” , which Bishops hope to distribute to every school in the country , has been handed out .
With many students at the school identifying as gay , including some of Georgia 's close friends , the teenager was so incensed by the “ pastoral letter ” , they “ just wanted to do something about it ” .
After receiving the 18-page letter on Thursday , Ms Simpson started a petition on change.org .
“ Please remove the ignorant and anti-gay propaganda from circulation in Australian schools regarding same-sex marriage , ” they write in the petition addressed to the Catholic Church in Australia and Sydney 's Archbishop Anthony Fisher , ” they wrote on the petition .
“ The messages contained in the Do n't Mess With Marriage booklet are humiliating and degrading . ”
The petition has attracted close to 1500 supporters , many accusing the church of discrimination and sending “ inappropriate political propaganda ” .
The booklet , which refers to same-sex marriage as a “ serious injustice ” has already sparked outrage among parents of Catholic school students .
Canberra mum Tanya Howell told news.com.au they were “ furious ” to discover the letter had been handed out at their daughter 's school .
“ I did n't actually know what to say because I 'm just shocked that in this day and age , knowing that they have children in that school who are gay people , that this sort of discrimination would be promoted , ” they told news.com.au .
“ I 'm just furious . I am disgusted with what they have done . ”
Should schools tell kids what to think about marriage equality ? 3:45 News.com.au 's Liz Burke joins Studio 10 to discuss whether or not schools should be teaching children what 's right and wrong when it comes to marriage . Courtesy : Studio 10/Channel Ten
Ms Howell 's daughter , Maddison Fisher , was given the pamphlet at their Canberra school Merici College on Thursday .
Since publishing both Ms Howell and Ms Fisher 's comments , news.com.au has received a statement from the school 's principal Loretta Wholley saying the letter was distributed under the directive of the Archbishop .
“ It has not changed who Merici College is or how we work in the classroom or beyond . We are and will continue to be an inclusive Catholic school that promotes Christian values and supports girls on their academic , spiritual and personal journey , ” they said .
“ We want our students to be informed citizens — to research all aspects and understand all points of view , especially when it comes to making important ethical decisions . We have been impressed that many of our students have done this over the past 24 hours . ”
Ms Simpson told news.com.au they believed if the church was going to force their views gay marriage on students , the school had a responsibility to show the other side of the debate too .
“ I think if they 're going to show one side of the story , they need to show the other side as well , ” they said .
“ Otherwise it 's not really education , it 's propaganda . ”
Original production cel from Rikki-Tikki-Tavi on its key matching background . © CJE . All rights reserved . Image courtesy Chuck Jones Museum .
When legendary animator Chuck Jones decided to make a short film out of Rudyard Kipling 's story “ Rikki-Tikki-Tavi , ” they were faced with a challenge : How could they imbue the cobra-killing mongoose with a sense of personality and make it relatable , all without taking away from the fact that it was an animal ?
Character concept sketches by Chuck Jones for Rikki Tikki Tavi showing the transition between what an actual mongoose looks like and what it might look like when it 's animated .
Image Credit : Chuck Jones Museum
“ [ His ] first concern was always believability , ” Robert Patrick of the Chuck Jones Center for Creativity tells mental_floss . “ That informed all of their stylistic decisions. ” So when creating the titular character , Jones decided to draw from real mongoose behavior : namely , how quickly they move ( you can watch one mongoose evade a cobra strike here ) . They did some research— “ there is at least one book on the mongoose in their library , ” Patrick says—and came up with a method that Hugh Kenner describes in Chuck Jones : A Flurry of Drawings as “ an art based on the post-retinal image . You see a blur without without feeling sure what you saw . ”
Chuck Jones Museum
Jones drew up a model sheet that described how the mongoose should enter the frame . “ When Rikki enters the scene , let them fill an imaginary Rikki until their nose reaches the proper point , ” they wrote . “ [ T ] hen the rest expands and the last movement is when their whiskers pop out and vibrate. ” They also noted how the mongoose should leave : “ When Rikki leaves the scene , follow the angle of their pose . Hold tail until head is well out—the snap tail along path and out. ” You can see it in action in the clip below :
According to Kenner , Jones described this method in 1977 as akin to a number of cars stopped at a light : “ When the light changes , the 15 cars wo n't move off en bloc , ” Kenner writers . “ No , car 1 must move ahead several feet before car 2 can even start moving , likewise car 3 , car 4 … so the string lengthens as it gets into motion. ” ( He also used this analogy to describe how Wile E. Coyote fell . ) This take on the character 's movement made it one of the most fondly remembered things about the film .
Model drawing by Chuck Jones for Rikki . Image Credit : Chuck Jones Museum .
Jones was n't just concerned with Rikki 's movement ; they also paid close attention to the character 's face , which was key in making the character relatable to humans . “ Keep ears pointing forward so leading edge shows , ” they wrote on the model sketch , dated May 21 , 1974 . “ All parts of face move up and away from center . Flatten top of nose in front view—it works better . OK , it is n't logical—it still works better. ” They also asked for a “ heavier line ” in certain areas to “ accent perkiness . ”
Aerial view of the garden , original background layout drawing . Image Credit : Chuck Jones Museum
Aerial view of a corner of the house , original background layout drawing . Image Credit : Chuck Jones Museum
Production on Rikki-Tikki-Tavi began in late 1973 or early 1974 , according to Patrick . “ Chuck was an inveterate reader , and a huge fan of Rudyard Kipling , ” they say . “ I 'm sure Kipling 's Jungle Book stories was inspiring and a favorite of his ; it appears on their essential reading list of books that every literate , English-speaking person should read at least once in their life . ”
Original title card used in production . Image Credit : Chuck Jones Museum
The 25-minute TV special aired in 1975 and featured the vocal talents of June Foray ( Mulan , Looney Toons ) as Nagaina the Cobra , Wife of Nag , Teddy 's Mother , and Darzee the Tailorbird 's Wife ; Les Tremayne ( Adventures of the Gummi Bears ) as Father ; Michael LeClair as Teddy ; Lennie Weinrib ( Voltron ) as Darzee the Tailorbird ; and Shepard Menken ( The Phantom Tollbooth ) as Rikki-Tikki-Tavi , with Orson Welles performing the voices of Nag the Cobra and Chuchundra the muskrat . The actor also provided the film 's narration ; hopefully it went a little more smoothly than the time they recorded voiceover for that frozen peas commercial .
A woman whose husband is in jail for shooting their children with a BB gun is now facing child endangerment charges herself .
Key points :
Woman accused of endangering the welfare of their two daughters .
Them husband is already in jail for shooting those girls with a BB gun .
Bobbie Jo Laurie is accused of striking their 6-year-old daughter in the face with a plastic bat .
The 28-year-old Town of Concord resident is also accused of failing to exercise a minimum degree of care by allowing their husband , 30-year-old Steven Scroger , to shoot their 4- and 6-year-old daughters with a BB gun .
Scroger was sentenced in April to two years in prison for shooting the girls multiple times on two separate occasions . The girls had injuries on their legs , arms and torsos from the BBs .
Laurie pleaded not guilty and Town of Concord Court . They will be back in court on September 19 , 2016 .
When a woman of note in any profession tweets about being treated fairly and like everyone else , the results are…well , quite frankly , it 's never good . The responses are usually pretty predictable ( and predictably awful ) , ranging from most innocuous – the ‘ notice me nice guys ' who do n't have stance but really want to make sure you think they do – to the worst kind of vitriol and nonsense you can imagine ( and sadly worse than you can imagine if we 're gon na get really real over here ) .
WWE manager Lana 's mentions are generally not great to sort through because they are a beautiful woman on TV and the internet is full of weirdos , but boy oh boy did they come out in full force to respond to these :
If a man were a woman for just one day the entire world would be a different place . — Lana ( @ LanaWWE ) April 22 , 2015
PMS , periods , 9 months of hell , child raising , working , yet we still get paid less , without any justification but that we were born this way — Lana ( @ LanaWWE ) April 22 , 2015
Gee Lana , is your new gimmick a clumsy Brit , because you just spilled a lot of tea right there . But , of course , as very real as the staggering societal inequality and the wage gap are for women , so are the people who feel like this sentiment is nothing but straight up nonsense . Let 's take a look at some of the very worst responses that are much more telling about the WWE fanbase than you 'd expect ( lol jk we know it 's full of garbage people ) :
twitter
Ahhh , there it is . See , Divas should be given a chance , but not too much , right ? Just enough to placate them , but not enough to make them real , fully functional humans with any kind of worth , yeah ? How dare someone mistake a ( thus far completely mishandled ) attempt to spotlight people they pay to literally do the same job as their male counterpoints as a cry for some kind of empathy and equality ?
twitter
Ohhhh , right , the famous myth of the gender-driven wage gap . Of course . Women are always treated equally and fairly in the workplace , without fear of intimidation or harassment , there are just as many women doing the same jobs as men , and everyone gets paid exactly the same , especially women of colour . My bad . And of course ! Why did n't I consider the high-paying lucrative field of sex work ? There are definitely no documented cases of women being abused or treated unfairly in the porn industry . SEXISM FIXED .
“ Realising that Lana is a real person with real feelings and opinions who do not solely exist for my benefit makes it really hard to jerk off . ”
Ugh , FINALLY someone is speaking up for the men . Why does n't anyone EVER want to make a conversation about the marginalization of women all about men ? It 's so inconsiderate .
And then , of course :
twitter
Well , as long as it 's not degrading that 's TOTALLY fine . I mean , they should totally be flattered , right ? Some women do n't even get told all of the graphic sexual acts men think they 're entitled to on a daily basis , and that has to be such a sad way to live . Note : This is not the REAL real Josh Matthews , but oh man , if it were he 's in TNA deep .
Navigating the minefield of misogyny that is social media is tricky , especially when speaking up on important issues of discrimination . It 's bad enough that simply stating an opinion invites a flood of people all too ready to explain to you exactly why you 're wrong , but people jumping in to discredit the degradation and unfair treatment of women in general , let alone in the workplace , but very especially in a place that is built on a foundation of treating women as nothing more than commodities to be objectified and used up and thrown away at a whim . Constantly having to “ prove ” that things like the wage gap ( super easy to look up , I promise ) or rape culture exist because people ca n't see past their own personal experiences or accept the idea that people who do n't look exactly like them are marginalized is almost as exhausting as dealing with those things themselves .
Pro tip : people who pop in to point out that we should be talking about another , “ more important ” issue do n't really care about that issue , they just want you to stop talking about the thing that challenges their perception of the world , or makes them uncomfortable because they can see that thing in themselves and are n't willing to confront their own toxic preconceived notions . Wait , hang on , let me break that down even further . Actually , I 'll even bold it so even those skimming looking for something to be mad about can notice it without too much effort : Discrimination and unfair treatment of others is not a competition .
If you truly want to # GiveDivasAChance , the best way you can do this is by extending the same courtesy you should be extending to anyone trying to educate you on things outside of their own personal experiences : When women talk , listen . Women experience different kinds of hardships in any line of work , and in literally every aspect of their lives . If you do n't think they do n't , it 's on you to exercise empathy and try to understand exactly what they 're trying to tell you . This advice is n't just important for men , believe me . Intersectional conversations need to be had by everyone .
I am blocking people that write nasty degrading comments below about women . I will not tolerate that on my Twitter feed . — Lana ( @ LanaWWE ) April 22 , 2015
And do n't forget : you are not owed a conversation . If your first instinct is to try to disprove someone 's own personal experiences , it 's not our job to then water down a cry for fair treatment to make it more palatable for you . “ Safe feminism ” is pointless if women ca n't feel safe in even the most innocuous of situations , like simply walking down the street alone , or riding an elevator with a stranger .
Whether this is a kayfabe heel move or not , at the end of the day we all need to think long and hard about why a woman expressing their frustration with gender equality and a lack of empathy is a thing that gets so much heat .
Five years ago this week , in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , the Supreme Court decided to allow unlimited amounts of corporate spending in political campaigns . How important was that decision ? At the time , some said criticism of the decision was overblown , and that fears that it would give outsize influence to powerful interests were unfounded . Now , the evidence is in , and the results are devastating .
To coincide with the decision 's fifth anniversary , eight public interest organizations—the Brennan Center for Justice , Common Cause , Public Citizen , Demos , US PIRG , Public Campaign , Justice at Stake , and the Center for Media and Democracy—have simultaneously issued reports that demonstrate the steadily growing influence of money on elections since the Court 's decision . Their findings show that the case opened the spigot to well more than a billion dollars in unrestricted outside spending on political campaigns , by corporations and individuals alike . It has done so at a time when wealth and income disparities in the United States are at their highest levels since 1928 . Increasingly , it 's not clear that your vote matters unless you 're also willing to spend tens of thousands of dollars to support your preferences .
Some of this money has come directly from the kind of corporate money at issue in Citizens United . But much more of it has come from other kinds of funding made possible by the Court 's decision , whose rationale undermined expenditure limits across the board , not just for corporations . Take the 2014 midterm elections . Just eleven closely contested Senate races tipped the balance and allowed the Republicans to regain control of the Senate for the first time since 2006 . In eight of the ten states for which data is available , outside groups outspent the candidates themselves , by many millions of dollars . In North Carolina , for example , outside groups spent $ 26 million more than the candidates did . With these kinds of numbers , elected politicians may feel as beholden to such groups as to the people who actually voted for them .
Much of the newly unrestricted funding came from so-called “ super PACs , ” political action committees that raise money exclusively for “ independent expenditures , ” usually television and radio advertisements . Citizens United did not itself involve super PACs , but the decision had the effect of freeing super PACs from any meaningful constraints . The Court ruled that the government has no legitimate interest in restricting “ independent expenditures ” —as opposed to contributions to candidates—because in its view , only contributions have the potential to corrupt candidates . Two months later , in March 2010 , a federal court of appeals relied on that rationale to strike down all limits on how many individuals may give to super PACs , since they are organized exclusively for the purpose of “ independent expenditures . ”
According to the Brennan Center report , over the five years since these decisions , super PACs have spent more than one billion dollars on federal election campaigns . And because these organizations are free of any limits , they have proved to be magnets for those who have the resources to spend lavishly to further their interests . About 60 percent of that billion dollars has come from just 195 people . Those 195 individuals have only one vote each , but does anyone believe that their combined expenditure of over $ 600 million does not give them disproportionate influence on the politicians they have supported ? The average contributions of those who give more than $ 200 to such super PACs are in the five- and six-figure range . The average donation over $ 200 to the ironically named Ending Spending , a conservative PAC , was $ 502,188 . This is a game played by , and for , the wealthy .
It is also a natural consequence of the Supreme Court 's faulty logic in Citizens United and related cases . The Court has found that contributions to candidates can be restricted because they pose the risk of quid pro quo corruption—when a representative essentially sells their vote to the highest donor . But according to the Court , expenditures made independently , even if they advocate a particular candidate 's election , do n't pose that risk , and therefore ca n't be limited . This makes little sense . If I give $ 500,000 to Harry Reid for their reelection , most of which they will probably spend on television ads , there 's indeed a danger that they may feel indebted to me in a way that undermines democracy . So I ca n't do that . The most I can donate is $ 2,600 per election . But under the Court 's logic , I am free to spend $ 500,000 on my own television ads advocating Reid 's reelection .
The Court 's doubtful rationale rests on the notion that these expenditures are “ independent , ” but that , too , is an illusion . Increasingly , super PACs focus entirely on the election of a single candidate , and are often run by the candidate 's former staff . Nearly half of all super PACs spending $ 100,000 or more in 2014 were devoted to the election of a single candidate . Because they are technically independent and engage only in expenditures , they provide an end run around contribution limits . Donors who have made the maximum contributions allowed by law to a single candidate can legally give unlimited amounts to these single-candidate PACs—rendering the limits on direct contributions largely meaningless . Six supporters of Senate candidate Greg Orman , for example , created a super PAC one month before the 2014 election and used it to spend nearly four million dollars in Orman 's support by election day .
The domination of electoral politics by the super-wealthy and the growing irrelevance of campaign spending limits have real-world consequences , because , as F. Scott Fitzgerald noted , the “ very rich … are different from you and me. ” A recent report by Demos chronicles how big money reinforces racial inequity . The rich are of course disproportionately white , and the poor are disproportionately black and Latino . The more influence that money has in electoral politics , the less influence racial minorities have . Common Cause 's report has similar findings , noting how large financial contributions have skewed the politics around several issues favored by a majority of voters , but not by big business and the wealthy , including minimum wage , climate change , and student loans .
These developments , it should be said , are not consequences of Citizens United alone . The problems with the Court 's campaign finance jurisprudence predated that decision . But in Citizens United , the Court reversed earlier precedent that had acknowledged a legitimate government interest in limiting the outsized influence of large sums of money on the electoral process . And this interest had been held to be legitimate even when the money in question did not present a direct risk of bribery or quid pro quo corruption . As I argued in a recent review of Zephyr Teachout 's Corruption in America , the problem with Citizens United was not that it recognized that corporations have speech rights , or that restrictions on money spent for political campaigns should be viewed skeptically as regulations of speech , but that the Court rejected any rationale for regulation other than avoiding quid pro quo corruption in the narrowest sense . The reports released last week underscore how much our democracy is paying for the Court 's flawed analysis .
So what can be done ? As a formal matter , the only way for the people or their representatives to overturn Citizens United directly would be to amend the Constitution , a virtually impossible task . But even absent a formal amendment , the Court does not necessarily have the last word . Other constitutional decisions have sparked public controversy and later been overturned—among them Plessy v. Ferguson , which upheld segregation , and Bowers v. Hardwick , which permitted criminal prohibitions on homosexual sex . Those decisions were not reversed simply because the Court changed its mind , but because groups of citizens engaged in a long and arduous campaign of education and advocacy to achieve that result .
Such a campaign is , thankfully , now underway to have the Court overturn or limit Citizens United . It has the support of retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens ; many current and former members of Congress , who know first-hand the ills of big money ; a large swath of the public , who view Citizens United as an undeserved gift to those who already have far more power and influence than they deserve ; and a considerable portion of civil society , including the eight groups whose reports were issued last week . We are likely to see a tenth anniversary of the decision before we see any action in this regard . But if we are to preserve more than a semblance of democracy , it is essential that we convince the Court to recognize the urgent and legitimate need for robust limits on campaign spending .
FOR RELEASE Wednesday
January 27 , 2016
Although much has been written about the differences between “ establishment ” and “ outsider ” candidates in the U.S. presidential election , voters do n't see each party 's candidates as very ideologically different , according to the new RAND Presidential Election Panel Survey ( PEPS ) .
Instead , Democratic voters see Bernie Sanders as only slightly to Hillary Clinton 's left and Republican voters see most of the GOP candidates clustered in the center right . All the candidates , with the exceptions of Sanders and Ted Cruz , are perceived as being closer to “ moderate ” than “ very liberal ” or “ very conservative , ” according to the online survey of 3,037 adults conducted between Dec. 13 and Jan. 6 by the nonprofit , nonpartisan RAND Corporation .
RAND , in collaboration with political scientists John Sides of George Washington University , Lynn Vavreck of UCLA and Michael Tesler of UC Irvine , surveyed members of the RAND American Life Panel ( ALP ) , made up of several thousand adults recruited using traditional probability methods such as address-based sampling and random-digit dialing . Although respondents complete surveys on the web , respondents need not have internet access when they are initially recruited , reducing a source of bias and making the sample more representative .
The survey , the first in a series that RAND will undertake between now and Election Day in November , confirmed Donald Trump ( the favorite of 38 % of likely Republican voters ) and Hillary Clinton ( 57 % of likely Democratic voters ) as front-runners in their respective primary races . Over the course of the campaign , RAND 's surveys will shed light not only on voting intentions but also on voters ' opinions about political issues in the news , attitudes towards candidates , and many other topics .
“ What sets this effort apart is that we will survey the same people repeatedly over the course of the project , rather than a new group of people each time , ” said Michael Pollard , a sociologist at RAND who is running the survey . “ When surveys sample a different group of people every time , it is difficult to distinguish whether people are truly changing their opinions over time or if the sample just happened to randomly include more people with a certain opinion . There are always tradeoffs in polling , but the PEPS approach of putting the same questions to the same people over time has important advantages . ”
The PEPS also includes the novel probabilistic approach to assessing vote intentions that was used by the RAND ALP during the 2012 presidential election . This approach is designed to more accurately capture the likely votes of a greater number of voters not closely aligned with either candidate . It was used with considerable success in the 2012 presidential election .
In this inaugural survey PEPS respondents report a 47 % chance of supporting the Democratic candidate in November 2016 and a 43 % chance of voting for the Republican , and a 10 % chance of voting for some other candidate . At this early date general election polls can not reliably predict the actual outcome . However , this provides a baseline we can use to track opinions in the months ahead — and track people 's movements into and out of these camps .
With regard to the primary election , likely primary voters were asked to rate candidates from very liberal to very conservative . Most of the candidates were deemed closer to the middle than the extremes of the ideological spectrum , except Cruz and Sanders .
“ This finding looks very similar to what we saw among Republican voters in 2012 , ” said John Sides , co-author with Vavreck of The Gamble : Choice and Chance in the 2012 Election . “ Despite apparent ideological differences in the Republican fields in 2012 and this year , Republican voters do not see the candidates as all that ideologically distinct . ‘ Outsiders ' and ‘ establishment ' figures are n't distinguished that sharply . ”
The PEPS also contains items commonly used in social scientific research to measure perceived threat from immigrants and resentment toward demands for equality by African-Americans and women . All of these measures are strong predictors of support for Trump in the primaries . In fact , Trump performs particularly well against their closest contender , Ted Cruz , among likely Republican primary voters who both strongly believe that immigrants are a threat to American culture and that “ women who complain about harassment cause more problems than they solve . ”
Trump also beats Cruz among likely primary voters who have liberal positions on economic issues . Trump does better among those who support tax increases for the wealthy and support labor unions , while Cruz does worse . The same pattern emerges with other economic issues , such as raising the minimum wage and a single-payer health care system .
Among likely Republican Primary voters there is a substantial porportion with relatively liberal positions ; 51 % of Republican Primary voters strongly or somewhat favor increasing taxes on individuals who make more than $ 200,000 a year , and 38 % have a favorable or very favorable opinion of labor unions , for instance . It appears , then , that Trump supporters form a powerful populist coalition uniting concerns about immigrants and other groups with support for economically progressive policies .
For the Democratic candidates , the PEPS survey reveals an important challenge facing Bernie Sanders—even as they appear to be gaining ground in Iowa and New Hampshire . Respondents likely to vote in a Democratic primary or caucus have favorable views of both Clinton and Sanders , but significant uncertainty about Sanders remains .
In particular , just nearly 30 % of likely Democratic primary voters did not express an opinion about Sanders when ask how favorably they viewed him , whether they are a strong leader , or whether they “ cares about people like you. ” For those who did have an opinion , Sanders has a slight edge over Clinton on the “ empathy ” dimension but faces a significant deficit on the leadership dimension .
Future PEPS surveys will be fielded to the same people at crucial points throughout the election cycle , including after Super Tuesday , the national conventions , before and after the presidential debates , and after the election .
Ultimately , the PEPS project will provide a window into the electorate that extends deeper than what traditional polls can provide . “ We will be asking different kinds of questions and also tracking movements across the candidates ( and into and out of undecided ) within this large sample of American voters as the campaign unfolds , ” Pollard said .
After welterweight Jorge Paez Jr. polished off Ivan Hernandez via seventh-round knockout in Mexicali , Mexico , on Nov. 13 , Erik Morales stood in the ring with them during their postfight interview .
Morales , one of Mexico 's all-time greats , was there to challenge Paez to fight them next , and naturally , Paez , 26 , accepted . It was all very WWE-like .
Now fast-forward a few months later and , yup , Paez ( 37-4-1 , 22 KOs ) will face the long-faded Morales , who won titles in four weight classes ( even if the one at junior welterweight was as bogus as it gets ) .
They are slated to meet on March 22 in Monterrey , Mexico . Sean Gibbons of Zanfer Promotions told ESPN.com that the contract weight is supposed to be 144 pounds .
The fight is essentially a collision of two generations of Mexican fighters . In 1999 , Morales ( 52-9 , 36 KOs ) , a faded 37-year-old , fought on the same card as Paez 's father , former featherweight titlist Jorge Paez Sr. At the time , Paez Jr. was 11 .
Morales has talked about fighting a farewell fight in their hometown of Tijuana , so it would seem that whatever happens with Paez Jr. it will not be their finale , unfortunately .
Morales has been a great champion , but he 's been done for a while . They have lost three of their past four fights : a decision in a much-better-than-expected performance against Marcos Maidana in 2011 followed by back-to-back losses to Danny Garcia in 2012 , including missing weight for their first fight and getting stripped of their junior welterweight belt and a brutal fourth-round knockout in the second fight .
Of course , Morales disgraced themselves before the second fight with Garcia when they failed multiple prefight USADA-conducted random drug tests . They tested positive for the banned substance clenbuterol , but in a shameful act , the New York State Athletic Commission allowed the fight to go forward .
Morales was flattened in the fight and then banned by USADA , although the punishment carries no weight in Mexico , where Morales will fight on .
Nato soldiers face the daily risk of roadside bomb attacks
An interpreter was also killed in the incident while three other soldiers were wounded .
More than 200 soldiers of the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) have been killed in 2007 .
Meanwhile , US and police forces claimed to have killed scores of insurgents in clashes across southern Afghanistan .
Weapons search
The roadside bombing happened north of a Canadian base near Panjawi in Kandahar province .
The Canadians who died were identified as Cpl Nicolas Raymond Beauchamp and Pte Michel Levesque .
The wounded were taken to a hospital at Kandahar air field with non-life threatening injuries , a military spokesperson said .
Wing Commander Antony McCord , a spokesperson for Isaf Regional Command South , said in a statement : `` Isaf troops contend with the threat of [ bomb ] strikes on a daily basis , but our soldiers continue to improve the security situation and make a very real and positive difference to the lives of normal hardworking Afghan people .
`` Our thoughts at this time are with the families and friends of those who have been killed or injured in today 's incident . ''
Also on Saturday , the US military said at least 23 insurgents were killed during a search for weapons in the south of the country .
One report said a lorry full of Taleban weapons exploded in the province of Helmand , one of the centres of the Taleban insurgency .
In a separate incident , Afghan police say at least 10 militants were killed in Kandahar province .
In the central province of Ghor , Afghan officials say at least four police officers were killed when they were attacked by militants .
Isaf has more than 41,000 soldiers in Afghanistan .
After a minor flurry of interest around Ruth Davidson 's referendum night admission on BBC television that Better Together were counting samples of postal votes and their subsequent interview by the police , the story has gone completely dead in the media . From the start I had very low expectations that the investigation I triggered by complaining to Police Scotland , the Electoral Commission and the Chief Counting Officer would lead to prosecutions , but I was hopeful that shining a light on this practice would prevent it happening in future elections . With the long dark nights and no students to teach , I now have had the time to follow up these complaints .
I have now learnt that the Electoral Commission report on the Referendum will shortly be submitted to the Scottish Parliament and that it does identify illegal counting of postal votes as a process failure in the Referendum .
I have also learnt that I was wrong in assuming that the police investigation had run out of momentum due to lack of evidence , and have now learnt that the investigation is still ongoing and that the Crown Office is considering prosecutions for breaches of the Scottish Independence Referendum Act 2013 of those directly involved in collecting , collating and analysing data illegally collected at postal vote openings .
Either of these will imply that there were conspiracies to act illegally at the heart of the referendum campaign , exposing all the politicians and officers to questions about what they knew , when they knew it and what they did about it .
Election fever hit the Middle East , from Egypt , which over the past three days elected a not-new president , to Iraq which elected a parliament , to Iraqi Kurdistan which chose an old president to lead it , to the elections that will take place in Syria on Tuesday .
In the Syrian case there is no need for public opinion surveys , no opportunity to make any wild guesses or learned assessments . The man who has been president is the man who will remain president . Supposedly , the six million eligible voters left in the country ( or 15 million by the regime 's count ) will give serious consideration as to which of the three remaining candidates out of seven they wish to cast their vote for . But even the façade of democracy can not meet any test . Out of the country 's 23 million citizens , four million are now uprooted or refugees that have left Syria . Another two million do not live in their homes . Out of those who remain , the election committees will disqualify anyone without identifying documents – more than a million people are estimated to have lost their papers in the course of the fighting .
Syrian citizens permanently living abroad are eligible to vote at polling places set up in Syrian embassies , but there are just 300,000-500,000 such eligible voters , and many of them have decided not to take part in this election . The refugees are not counted among the eligible voters , so as to avoid a situation in which Bashar Assad 's opponents would win a majority in the election abroad . The Syrian regime has graciously invited the refugees to return to their homeland if they wish to exercise their civil right .
Why would Assad decide to hold these elections when aside from Iran , China and Russia , no other country views them as a legitimate political move ? The official explanation is that it 's the law . As a state founded on a proper system of law , Syria was obligated to hold a presidential election , when the constitution was amended in accordance with Assad 's outline . But this election , beyond its importance for Assad , will serve as an important diplomatic tool in the hands of their allies , Russia and Iran . For the past three years , both have stood firm against all attempts to oust Assad from power and to undermine their international legitimacy . Russia and Iran have disingenuously adhered to the slogan `` We will support whoever is elected by the Syrian people '' and that the government in Syria is `` a matter for the Syrian people . '' Very nice slogans , as long as the people do their bidding .
Thus , holding the election has become crucial for them so that in the international arena , in the UN , where Russia has used its veto power to create a safety net for the Assad regime , there can be no pretext for an international operation against the regime . As if an elected president is a protected president and any action against them must be considered illegitimate . Russia has apparently forgotten how it hastened to do business with Abdel Fattah al-Sissi right after they ousted an elected president , Mohammed Morsi .
Assad 's guaranteed election came along with a $ 250 million grant from Russia to Damascus this week , though this was practically a token sum considering the Syrian administration 's needs . A report compiled by the Damascus-based Syrian Center for Policy Research , in conjunction with the UN and the International Monetary Fund , found that Syria has lost about 40 percent of its GDP over the three years of the war , and that the damage to residential and government buildings alone amounts to nearly $ 144 billion .
Approximately four thousand schools are shut down and half of the schoolchildren in the country have no school to go to ( In Aleppo and Deir a-Zor , the rate is as high as 70 percent ) , and the national debt is now at 126 percent of GDP . What this means for the ordinary Syrian is a severe shortage of medicines , doctors , equipment for treating the wounded , and horrendous poverty in urban districts under the regime 's control , with 11 million people having lost their source of livelihood . As a result , the social fabric has been shattered ; about half of the citizenry no longer lives in their original neighborhoods , 400,000 Palestinian refugees have left the country , and the Syrian refugee community is now the biggest in the world .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
This week the Security Council is due to hold another hearing on humanitarian aid to Syrian civilians , with the aim of making a binding resolution that will lead to the implementation of a previous resolution from February that has yet to be translated into action . And so begins once again the pirouette around the wording of the resolution , with it not being entirely clear whether the real aim is to aid the Syrian victims or to finally obtain a resolution that Russia wo n't veto , even if it wo n't really permit the transfer of aid . In media interviews , opposition leaders note the vast disparity between the aid that the regime is receiving from its friends and the limited aid that they are receiving . They acknowledge that all the divisions among the rebel militias is hurting their ability to create a joint leadership that could work more effectively , but they ca n't understand why , in the humanitarian sphere at least , the international community is showing such helplessness .
Evidence of this helplessness could be found in a speech by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry at a meeting of the Friends of Syria , held recently in London , when they said , practically pleading , `` We are open to the idea of providing aid through any means that will get to the people who need it , . We are very frustrated with the current process . It is not getting to people . It 's going through one gate , one entryway , and it 's going through Damascus and/or controlled by the Assad regime . That 's unacceptable . We need to be able to get aid more directly , and we 're going to work to do that. ” And just what will America and its partners do ? Go in with force ? Have their forces escorted the aid convoys ? Fight against the regime forces that are blocking the aid shipments ?
And whatever happened to military aid to the rebels ? The Wall Street Journal did report this week that President Obama may give approval for an expanded training program under the supervision of the CIA , to be carried out at bases in Jordan . This would yield thousands more well-trained rebels who would be armed with high-quality weaponry . But the anti-aircraft missiles desperately needed to halt the lethal attacks from the air are still not on the agenda . The debate within the administration is whether to make the details of the training program public or keep it classified . The hesitation over the diplomatic , not the military , implications – i.e. , whether to make clear America 's expanded military involvement in the Syrian crisis and thereby anger Russia , which is liable to respond in kind , or to continue with the current system in which such training is conducted on a relatively small scale , and to maintain international quiet .
What 's interesting is that the objective of increasing aid to the rebels is described as being part of an effort to combat Al-Qaida-related terrorist organizations and not necessarily against the Syrian regime . If this is indeed the aim , it 's hard to see just how it can be ensured that the arms meant for the war against Al-Qaida wo n't be used for other purposes . More important is the contradiction in the definition of the objective , for if it 's the war on Al-Qaida that 's the most important focus right now , then cooperation with the Assad regime could be equally effective , especially when some of the rebel militias are cooperating in the field with radical religious organizations , some of which support Al-Qaida . In any event , the leak of the American plan seems to indicate that Washington wants to make it known that it is unimpressed by the Syrian presidential election and still intends to see Assad ousted . But the adherence to this goal is making it hard to convince the militia commanders in Syria and the leaders of the political opposition operating from outside the country .
The situation in Syria is increasingly starting to resemble what happened in Iraq and Afghanistan after the American occupation , when organizations rather than the central government became the most significant military and political force . Assad 's election as Syria 's president wo n't change this reality . It may just cause the international community to get used to the ongoing crisis , which will go from being a crisis that requires a quick solution to one that just has to be managed .
Spring has nearly properly sprung and we are primed for another perk up . While the seasons do their thing , you can push yourself on by treating yourself to a gaming present with one of the best PS4 bundles currently out in the wild - it will definitely boost your spirits as you crush your enemies in God of War , or swing freely through the city in Spider-Man . Whether you 're eyeing up that PS4 Pro upgrade or looking to jump into all things PS4 for the first time this early-spring , or perhaps you 're just in the market to snap up some of the best deals on PS4 accessories and games available , you 're in the right place . Whatever you 're on the hunt for , this here page will give you a headstart on where to get the best PS4 bundle deals at the big retailers .
Best deal now PS4 Slim 1TB + Spider-Man for $ 299.99 at Walmart
A recent PS4 behemoth thrown in with the 1TB PS4 Slim model for an absolute bargain price .
There 's really no better time to embrace everything PS4 as we seriously are riding the crest of the wave , and are at the height of its game library collection and capabilities . This means the amount of joy to be had through Sony 's console is at its greatest . Yes , you heard : joy . A PS4 and all its trimmings most definitely sparks joy .
There are always deals to be had for bundles around their normal list price so these are the ones to look out for - generally . Retailers will often have a PS4 Slim or PS4 Pro bundle that includes at least one game that 's being sold at the same price as the console 's own list price . Generally , if you can stretch your budget with bundles , you 'll make savings as the deals stack up .
Best PS4 Pro prices | PS4 accessories | the best PS4 headset | PlayStation VR bundles | the best PS4 steering wheel | the best PS4 external hard drive
Console Only
Maybe you do n't want a PS4 bundle ? Maybe you want to just buy a PS4 console and get your own games for it ? After all , you only need a console and a PS Plus subscription to play the likes of Fortnite . Here are the best prices you 'll find on just the console , on its own .
Today 's best PlayStation 4 deals ? 350 Amazon customer reviews ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ $ 250.28 View Deal ends Thu , Feb 28 $ 293.65 View Reduced Price $ 299.99 $ 295 View $ 299.99 View Show More Deals
Sure , the PS4 Pro is an expensive console in its own right , so a PS4 Pro bundle might seem excessive , especially if you 're just upgrading from your regular PlayStation console . Here are the current best prices on the PS4 Pro on its own .
Today 's best Sony PS4 Pro Red Dead Redemption bundle and Sony PlayStation 4 Pro deals ? $ 399.99 View $ 399.99 View $ 399.99 View $ 454.38 View Show More Deals
PS4 Bundles
PS4 Slim 1TB + Spider-Man PS4 for $ 314.99 from Walmart
Swing your way into the world of PlayStation by grabbing one of the best superhero games to grace the system and the larger capacity console .
View Deal
PS4 Pro Bundles
PS4 Games
God of War
We gave God of War 5/5 in our review , and hailed it as the best PS4 game of all time . You 'll find it at the top of so many 'best games of 2018 ' lists . It is absolutely essential , and if you have n't played it , you really should . Here are the best prices .
Red Dead Redemption 2
The latest , greatest game from Rockstar is an absolute masterpiece . We awarded Red Dead Redemption 2 5/5 at review , and hailed it as one of the greatest technical achievements in gaming , ever . It 's the hottest game right now , and here are the best prices on it .
21 deals available Reduced Price $ 59.99 $ 35 View Reduced Price $ 59.99 $ 59.88 View $ 59.99 View Show More Deals
Spider-Man
The coolest superhero game ever made , and just heaps of fun , we awarded Spider-Man PS4 a 4.5/5 in our review . The feel of playing is amazing , and this one is a PS4-exclusive . Here 's where to get it cheapest .
14 deals available Reduced Price $ 39.99 $ 35.98 View Reduced Price $ 59.99 $ 42.95 View $ 59.99 View Show More Deals
Horizon : Zero Dawn
The best PS4 game of 2017 , Horizon : Zero Dawn is an absolute masterpiece of open-world adventure gaming , and it has a stunning story too . We awarded it 4.5/5 in our review , and hailed it as the best game to get if you own a 4K set-up . Here are the cheapest deals on Horizon .
PS4 Extras
If you need a spare controller for your console , you should check out our guide to finding PS4 controller cheap deals ... or just choose a regular one from the price chart below . Always go official when it comes to controllers , and make sure you buy one from new ...
Today 's best Sony DualShock 4 deals ? 917 Amazon customer reviews ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Reduced Price $ 59.99 $ 49.96 View Reduced Price $ 64.99 $ 52.92 View Reduced Price $ 64.99 $ 54.99 View Show More Deals
PS4 bundles - Aus
If you still have n't quite made your mind up on which console is right for you , then check out our best Xbox One bundle deals and our best Nintendo Switch bundle deals for more hardware offers .
Some online stores give us a small cut if you buy something through one of our links . Read our affiliate policy for more info .
Arsenal goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski Photo : The Sport Review
Lukasz Fabianski believes that Arsenal has what it takes to win the Premier League title next season .
The Gunners led the English top flight for much of the season but fell off the pace in February and March as Manchester City claimed their second title in three years .
And goalkeeper Fabianski , who is set to join Swansea from Arsenal this summer , believes that Arsene Wenger 's men will take plenty of belief from their improved domestic form heading into next season .
“ They are really close [ to winning the title ] , ” Fabianski , who helped Arsenal win the FA Cup this season , told talkSPORT .
“ What Arsenal were missing was that trophy to be honest . But with that we won this year it gives you the belief that this team is able to do big things .
“ The other issue was we lost a few key players in the important part of the season .
“ The bigger thing was to win the trophy though , so it gives you that extra belief that they can fight for the title next year . ”
Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote : 'Be strong and smart ' This week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE ( R-S.C. ) , a close ally of Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE ( R-Ariz. ) , on Sunday defended the press and the judiciary — two recent targets of President Trump — as “ worth fighting and dying for . ''
Graham , appearing on CBS 's “ Face the Nation , ” argued that “ the backbone of democracy is a free press and independent judiciary . ”
They made their comments after McCain told NBC in a weekend interview that suppression of a free press leads to dictatorship .
“ That 's how dictators get started , ” McCain told NBC 's Chuck Todd . “ They get started by suppressing free press , in other words , a consolidation of power . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Graham on Sunday said while the bottom line is that America is not becoming a dictatorship , McCain “ was right to say that we need as politicians to understand the role of the press and jealously guard it . ”
At the same time , Graham warned that media need to treat Trump more fairly .
“ I would say this to the American press corps : When it comes to Trump , you 're over the top . You 're acting more like an opposition party . Every president 's had problems with the press . You need to do your job , but from a Republican point of view , I think the coverage against President Trump has been almost to the point of being hysterical . ”
Graham took a more critical view of Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign , however , when they called Trump “ a jackass ” and said “ he should n't be commander in chief . ”
Republicans who were deeply skeptical of Trump during the campaign have rallied behind them during their first several weeks in office .
Graham praised Trump Sunday for some of their recent accomplishments , such as renewing progress on the Keystone XL pipeline and rolling back regulations on the coal industry .
The word “ Oshkimaadzig ” refers to the “ New People ” of the Seven Fires Anishinaabek Prophecy , the people who were prophesied to be the ones who would pick up the remnants of their traditional ways of life and values long repressed by colonialism , and by reclaiming these values they will begin to unite all peoples for the survival of humanity and Mother Earth .
Oshkimaadzig Unity Camp is located in traditional Wendat ( “ Huron ” ) land , and since the genocidal dispersal of the Wendat by the French and the wars that forced them to flee the area in the mid 17th century , the Anishinaabe have been the keepers of the eastern door , recognized by the Three Fires Confederacy ( Odawa , Potawatamie , and Ojibwe ) . This land also falls within a number of treaties amongst indigenous people and between indigenous nations and European settlers , including the Two Row Wampum , the ‘ One Dish , One Spoon ' Treaty , the Beaver Belt , the Haudenosaunee-Anishinaabek Friendship Belt , the 1764 Fort Niagara Silver Chain Covenant , and the 24 Nations Belt .
Oshkimaadzig Unity Camp is located in ‘ Awenda Provincial Park ' two hours north of Toronto in the Penetanguishene Peninsula and is by the Anishinabek Confederacy to Invoke Our Nationhood ( ACTION ) . ACTION is also a member organization of the International League of People 's Struggle .
Advertisements
Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring service for your AWS resources and for the applications that you run on AWS . It collects and tracks metrics , monitors log files , and allows you to set alarms and respond to changes in your AWS resources .
Today we are launching several important enhancements to CloudWatch :
Extended Metrics Retention – CloudWatch now stores all metrics for 15 months .
– CloudWatch now stores all metrics for 15 months . Simplified Metric Selection – The CloudWatch Console now makes it easier for you to find and select the metrics of interest .
– The CloudWatch Console now makes it easier for you to find and select the metrics of interest . Improved Metric Graphing – Graphing of selected metrics is now easier and more flexible .
Let 's take a look !
Extended Metrics Retention
When we launched CloudWatch back in 2009 ( New Features for Amazon EC2 : Elastic Load Balancing , Auto Scaling , and Amazon CloudWatch ) , system metrics were stored for 14 days . Later , when we gave you the ability to publish your own metrics to CloudWatch , the same retention period applied . Many AWS customers would like to access and visualize data over longer periods of time . They want to detect and understand seasonal factors , observe monthly growth trends , and perform year-over-year analysis .
In order to support these use cases ( and many others that you 'll undoubtedly dream up ) , CloudWatch now stores all metrics for 15 months at no extra charge . In order to keep the overall volume of data reasonable , historical data is stored at a lower level of granularity , as follows :
One minute data points are available for 15 days .
Five minute data points are available for 63 days .
One hour data points are available for 455 days ( 15 months ) .
In order to allow you to understand the value of this new feature first-hand , you can immediately access three months of retained metrics . Over the course of the next 12 months , metrics will continue to be retained up until the point where a full 15 months of history are stored .
As a first-hand illustration of the value of extended metrics retention , this long-term view of the Duration of my AWS Lambda functions tells me that something unusual is happening every two weeks :
Simplified Metric Selection
In order to make it easier for you to find and select the metrics that you would like to examine and graph , the CloudWatch Console now includes a clean , clutter-free card style view with a clean demarcation between AWS metrics and custom metrics :
The next step is to search for metrics of interest . For example , I 'm interested in metrics with “ CPU ” in the name :
From there I can drill down , select a metric , and graph it . Here 's the CPU Utilization metric across all of my EC2 instances :
I can also show multiple metrics on the same graph :
This is not as illuminating as I would like ; I 'll show you how to fix that in just a minute .
Improved Metric Graphing
With metrics now stored for 15 months and easier to find and to select , the next step is to make them easier to comprehend . This is where the new tabs ( Graphed metrics and Graph options ) come in to play .
The Graphed metrics tab gives me detailed control over each metric :
The Actions column on the right lets me create alarms , duplicate a metric , or to delete it from the graph .
I can click on any of the entries in the Statistic column to make a change :
The ability to duplicate a metric and then change a statistic lets me compare , for example , maximum and average CPU Utilization ( I also changed the Period to 6 hours ) :
Now let 's take a look at the Y Axis control on the Graph options tab . In the last section I graphed seven EC2 metrics at the same time . Due to the variation in range , the graph was not as informative as it could be . I can now choose independent ranges for the left and right Y axes , and then assign metrics to the left or to the right :
I can edit the label for a metric by clicking on it :
I can also choose to set ranges for the left and the right Y axes :
I can use the new date picker to choose the time frame of interest to me . I can look at metrics for a desired absolute date range , or relative to the current date . Here 's how I choose an absolute date range :
And here 's how I choose a relative one :
I can rename a graph by clicking on the current name and entering a new one :
After I have fine-tuned the graph to my liking I can add it to an existing dashboard or create a new one :
Here 's one of my existing dashboards with the new graph at the bottom :
Available Now
The extended metric storage and all of the features that I described above are now available in the US East ( N. Virginia ) , US West ( Oregon ) , US West ( N. California ) , Europe ( Ireland ) , Europe ( Frankfurt ) , South America ( São Paulo ) , Asia Pacific ( Singapore ) , Asia Pacific ( Tokyo ) , Asia Pacific ( Seoul ) , Asia Pacific ( Mumbai ) , and Asia Pacific ( Sydney ) Regions .
As I noted before , there is no extra charge for the extended metric storage .
— Jeff ;
Greek war cemetery in Valandovo
The Greek foreign ministry expressed anger after the World War I cemetery was severely vandalised by unknown attackers .
“ These incidents confirm yet again the risks and consequences of nationalism and populism , which is being cultivated in FYROM to the point where the dead are vulgarly insulted and history is disrespected , ” Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Avramopoulos said in a diplomatic note to the Macedonian foreign ministry on Thursday .
According to local media , the incident happened earlier this week . Greek soldiers ' tombstones were damaged and crosses were completely demolished .
The Macedonian authorities have condemned the attack and vowed to find and punish the perpetrators .
The incident comes amid long-standing bad relations between the two countries , fuelled by strong Greek objections to Macedonia 's name .
Greece insists that the name implies territorial claims to its own northern province , also called Macedonia .
Since 2008 , Greece has been blocking Macedonia from joining NATO over the unresolved name dispute .
The blockade has also meant that Macedonia has n't yet been offered a date for EU membership talks .
FILE - This undated file frame grab from video posted online Monday , May 29 , 2017 , by the Aamaq News Agency , a media arm of the Islamic State group , shows people inspecting damage from airstrikes and artillery shelling in the northern Syrian city of Raqqa , the de facto capital of the IS . ( Aamaq News Agency via AP , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — As Islamic State militants take a pounding in their eroding Iraqi and Syrian strongholds , its leaders have set up a new headquarters in Syria away from the front lines , where they are digging in and likely planning more attacks against the West . The militants ' relocation could extend their ability to wreak havoc in the region and beyond for months to come .
U.S. officials and Syrian activists say many commanders have fled the besieged cities of Mosul , Iraq , and Raqqa , Syria , in recent months for Mayadeen , a remote town in the heart of Syria 's IS-controlled , Euphrates River valley near the Iraqi border . Although the U.S.-led coalition is aware of the migration and has launched airstrikes there , its military campaign remains focused on ousting IS from its two centers of operation , Mosul and Raqqa .
Militants may already be communicating , coordinating and directing attacks from Mayadeen , about 120 miles ( 190 kilometers ) southeast of Raqqa , at a time when foreign fighters are returning to home countries in Europe , the Middle East , North Africa and Asia and conducting attacks . Command and control of the overall organization is now in the city , said several U.S. officials , who were n't authorized to speak publicly on the matter and demanded anonymity .
“ The ground campaign has largely amounted to the U.S. just chasing the ( Islamic State ) cell around the battlefield , ” said Jennifer Cafarella , a Syria expert with the Institute for the Study of War . “ Every time we get close to it , it moves , ” they said , noting reports of even Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi taking haven in the Mayadeen area .
U.S. defense officials dismiss suggestions the coalition has n't acted forcefully enough to prevent IS leaders from moving headquarters and regrouping . But they agree the preponderance of their operations are in Mosul and Raqqa . Iraqi troops are still trying to complete Mosul 's takeover , while U.S.-backed Kurdish and Arab forces are only just beginning their operations to seize Raqqa 's center .
“ If we find them and know where they are , we will strike them , ” said Col. Ryan Dillon , coalition spokesperson in Baghdad .
Islamic State group commanders have been moving their operations and families to Mayadeen for several months as coalition-backed forces began closing in on Raqqa , senior U.S. officials say . They 're arriving in an area controlled by Islamic State militants and populated by Sunni sympathizers .
Syrian opposition activists confirm those accounts , saying IS brought many of its fighters to Mayadeen . They 're now digging trenches around the city , which still draws revenue from nearby oil wells , including the Al-Omar field , among Syria 's largest .
Its proximity to the desert and Iraqi border makes ground attacks harder . Sympathetic local tribes have boosted the militant group 's authority . And most of the elite Islamic State fighters are now in the area , said Ahmad al-Hamade , a Syrian army colonel who defected early in the conflict .
Deir el-Zour province “ will be the last battle for Daesh , ” they said , using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State .
It will be the “ new capital , ” said Mohammed Khider , who heads the Sound and Picture organization that tracks atrocities in IS-held areas . “ It will be the last fortress for the group , and they want it as a capital so the fighters will defend it to death . ”
IS forces converging in Mayadeen face two threats . While the Raqqa fight intensifies in northern Syria , U.S.-backed rebels in the south , near the Jordanian border , had been hoping to march toward the area . Those plans may be complicated by Syrian government troops who have set up outposts around the border town of Tanf , where the U.S.-led coalition trains Syrian rebels .
Syrian government forces could lead a future attack on Mayadeen , having captured significant territory from extremists in recent months and reaching the Iraqi border for the first time in years .
President Bashar Assad 's forces , who 've been locked in civil war for more than six years with rebel groups , and allied Shiite militiamen are currently marching toward the IS stronghold of Sukhna . Regional capital Deir el-Zour would be the next target , with Assad 's government looking to break a years-long siege of parts of the city .
A messy fight awaits , whoever ends up leading it .
Tens of thousands of refugees also have descended on Mayadeen , driven from homes in Iraq and Syria by fighting . The exodus puts them in the line of fire at a time the U.S. has been criticized for airstrikes leading to heavy civilian death tolls .
In recent weeks , air attacks on the city have intensified . Residents were preparing for the Muslim holy month of Ramadan in late May when waves of airstrikes struck several neighborhoods , demolishing buildings and killing scores . Many were buried beneath the debris . Casualties overwhelmed hospitals and mosque loudspeakers urged residents to donate blood to the wounded . Activists blamed the U.S.-led coalition , but Russia has also claimed airstrikes there , making it unclear who might be responsible .
The coalition has reported only five airstrikes in or near Mayadeen since late April . The U.S. military , however , said other strikes also have targeted the city but may have been listed in news releases as strikes on nearby , larger and more well-known places such as Deir el-Zour .
Two of the strikes killed Islamic State leaders planning attacks in the West , according to the U.S. , including a militant involved with a youth program called “ Cubs of the Caliphate , ” a high-priority training program sanctioned by IS leadership .
Others hit IS media and propaganda facilities . Baraa Kadek , founder of the IS news agency , was killed with their daughter , their brother claimed .
Innocent civilians have been killed , too , activists say . The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says strikes on Mayadeen have killed 20 IS fighters and 182 others since May 22 . The dead include 28 civilians and 154 family members of IS fighters , the group said . It tallied 68 children and 57 women killed .
___
Mroue reported from Beirut .
Cadette Flesh Without Hunting
If first impressions are what make or break an artist , Cadette is a whole bunch of angry . The Minneapolis , MN trio 's debut release Flesh Without Hunting rips through eight songs , drawing a heavy 1990s influence but maintaining their own identity , rooted in the present , throughout . The easiest point of reference comes with vocalist and primary songwriter Laura Larson 's previous band , Baby Guts , but Cadette is a new project with a more focused sound that 's a bit harder to box-in .
While easiest to describe it as “ punk : loud and angry , ” there 's more at play . The songs are all heavy , but they do n't necessarily pummel with drums and big chords . There is a lot of variation to the tempo and vocal styles over the record , but there 's always that sense of being pissed off , more akin to the grunge and riot grrrl movements than the straightforward , emotion-on-your-sleeve element of modern punk . Take 1990s Sub Pop and DIY it up a bit .
However you describe them , Cadette has a consistent sound and it 's likely that if you do n't like opener “ Animal , ” the record is n't going to win you over later . Starting with a stomping beat and Larson 's snarled opening verse , it builds to a unison gang-shout vocal , with a bass solo transitioning back into the next verse . It 's music that can be both fluid and abrasive , with the back and forth giving something of an exclamation point when the volume gets turned up .
The rest of the record varies its sound well , limiting the dynamic shifts and , instead , using tempo changes and melodic guitar to separation each of the eight songs . Second song “ Teething ” is a melodic romp for the first ninety seconds before building into a throat-shredding rager at close . Just after this , though , comes the winding “ Heavening , ” which uses the apocalyptic bass line and occasional screams to create a multi-faceted song that well exemplifies the band , even if it is n't a standout . While there is definitely a bit of genre convention to Cadette , their songs blend a number of influences into the overall structures that gives them both a cathartic and unpredictable feel—which is a difficult balance to achieve . With “ Heavening , ” the song may run at 2:44 , but it feels as though it 's covered far more ground than your standard 2-3 minute song . For being lumped into a punk category , Cadette really mixes up their songwriting .
“ Swell ” and “ Collecting Strays ” definitely show some Kill Rock Stars influence , but they do n't feel like mere knockoffs either , and the tempered aggression plays well in the overall record 's pacing , which somewhat slows after the first two shouters in “ Animal ” and “ Teething. ” Flesh Without Hunting is a well-balanced record that covers a lot of range , with each member of the trio taking the wheel and steering the songs at different points . While the tempos more or less slow down as the album progresses , the variation and shortness of the record keeps it from losing its momentum .
Political scientists from two of the nation 's most highly respected universities , usually impartial observers of political firestorms , now find themselves at the center of an electoral drama with tens of thousands of dollars and the election of two state supreme court justices at stake .
Their research experiment , which involved sending official-looking flyers to 100,000 Montana voters just weeks before Election Day , is now the subject of an official state inquiry that could lead to substantial fines against them or their schools . Their peers in the field have ripped their social science experiment as a “ misjudgment ” or — stronger still — “ malpractice . ”
What went so wrong ?
Last Thursday , the Montana Commissioner of Political Practices started receiving complaints from voters who had received an election mailer ( see below ) bearing the state seal and describing the ideological standing of non-partisan candidates for the Montana Supreme Court . The fine print said that it had been sent by researchers from Dartmouth College and Stanford University , part of their research into voter participation . But that was n't satisfactory for the voters who received the flyers or the state officials to whom they complained .
Jonathan Motl , the state commissioner , told TPM that the flyer has elicited the most complaints that their office has seen this election cycle . It describes the candidates in two Montana Supreme Court elections — who are supposed to be non-partisan — on an ideological scale . The candidates are placed on a line graph that compares them to President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney .
It is titled as a “ 2014 Montana General Election Voter Information Guide ” with the state of Montana seal featured prominently . Only the fine print identifies the mailer as part of a research project .
“ This particular flyer triggered such a strong reaction among Montanans for two reasons . No . 1 , it used the state seal . Just based on the people I 've talked to , that was strongly offensive . They did n't like their state seal being appropriated , ” Motl said . “ The second thing that 's confusing about it is the intimation that it serves a research purpose . Because in the judgment of the people looking at it , it does n't serve a research purpose , it serves a political purpose . ”
Montana Judicial Election Mailer by tpmdocs
Montana Secretary of State Linda McCulloch , in their individual capacity as a voter , filed a formal complaint ( see below ) about the flyer Friday to Motl . The complaint cited four state statutes that might have been violated , including “ impersonation of a state servant. ” Motl 's office will now conduct an official investigation and decide if there are grounds to show there was a campaign practice violation . Sen. Jon Tester ( D-MT ) also sent a letter to the school presidents last week , referring to the flyer as “ voter manipulation . ”
If Motl 's office decides there is , they said , they will consult with a county attorney and then either settle with the universities or move forward with a civil case . The usual settlement for this kind of case is a monetary fine and an official apology . Motl ballparked that the researchers had spent $ 80,000 on the project , since the flyer was mailed to 100,000 Montana voters , and offered that figure as a starting point for a potential “ substantial ” settlement .
“ The primary question is going to be how the heck did they get the state seal on the thing ? ” Motl said . “ What is the possible academic reason to misrepresent the document as an official state document ? ”
That is one of the questions puzzling other academics in the field asked about the research project — and has the universities scrambling to figure out what happened .
As it turns out , the experiment was intended to measure whether receiving additional information about the candidates affected voter participation . In this case , the additional information was about the ideological leanings of the candidates for Montana Supreme Court , based on their past political contributions and other publicly available information . The study was funded as part of a $ 250,000 grant from the Hewlett Foundation , which Stanford matched with $ 100,000 , according to the university .
The researchers involved , according to Stanford , are Kyle Dropp , assistant professor of government at Dartmouth ; Adam Bonica , assistant professor of political science at Stanford ; and Jonathan Rodden , a professor of political science at Stanford . None returned TPM 's direct requests for comment . Lisa Lapin , a spokesperson for Stanford , told TPM that faculty would not be made available for comments . The university is launching its own inquiry into the matter .
“ This is a circumstance we take very seriously , ” Lapin said in a statement . “ We share concerns that the mailers have created confusion among voters , and we sincerely apologize to those voters as well as the office of the Secretary of State . ”
According to a description provided by Stanford , the research was intended “ to compare voter participation levels in precincts that receive the additional information with voter participation in precincts that do not. ” It included 100,000 mailers sent throughout Montana , 66,000 mailers sent in September in one New Hampshire congressional district , and 143,000 mailers sent to two congressional districts in California . There have not been reports of similar complaints in California or New Hampshire , and TPM could not reach state officials for comment .
Justin Anderson , a spokesperson for Dartmouth , told TPM that the study “ was “ not intended to favor any particular candidate , party , or agenda , nor is it designed to influence the outcome of any race . ”
“ We understand that the presence of the Montana state seal caused confusion about the origin and purpose of the materials used in that state , ” Anderson said in an emailed statement . “ We apologize if it was not clear that the intention of the mailing was entirely scholarly . ”
Regardless , other political scientists consulted by TPM described the study as “ malpractice ” and “ improper and unethical ” because , by introducing the ideological position of non-partisan candidates , the flyers could — intentionally or not — influence the results of the elections .
“ It 's basically political science malpractice . That 's what I 'd call it , ” Jennifer Lawless , professor of government at American University in Washington , D.C. , told TPM . “ When you 're going to engage in an experiment as a political scientist , I think you have a responsibility not to affect election outcomes , let alone break the law . ”
“ When you can conduct an experiment in a real-world setting or amidst a campaign , it does add generalizability and real-world components to your results , ” they continued . “ That said , there is a difference between trying to have generalizable results and playing electoral god . ”
“ This strikes me as a lapse in judgment . If the election 's actually happening , they 're intervening in it , ” Theda Skocpol , a political scientist at Harvard University , told TPM , though they cautioned that state authorities “ ought to take a deep breath ” before pursuing legal action .
Jeffrey Tulis , associate professor of government at the University of Texas-Austin , told TPM in an email after being alerted to the study : “ My initial reaction is that this quasi-experiment is improper and unethical . ”
That opinion was not universally shared , however . A source familiar with the research , but not involved , defended the researchers to TPM .
“ I would say , just looking at the country at large , is the great threat to the integrity of our process good social science or is it the Koch brothers ? ” the source , who was not authorized to discuss the situation publicly , said . “ You 've got to be courageous about this . We need to know how to improve our politics and how to renovate it . We ca n't just be playing Mickey Mouse games in the classrooms . We 've got to be out there in the political world trying stuff . ”
Montana Election Mailer Complaint by tpmdocs
The remaining outstanding question is whether the study was approved by review boards at each university — and if so , why , given the concerns now being raised .
Stanford said in its own description of the study that “ it was reviewed and approved to go forward by the Dartmouth Institutional Review Board. ” Lapin , the Stanford spokesperson , told TPM in an email that Stanford did not review the study . Anderson , the Dartmouth spokesperson , declined to comment on TPM 's follow-up questions about the study 's approval .
“ Approval ” in the world of academic review boards can mean a lot of things , Lise Dobrin , an anthropology professor at the University of Virginia who serves on that school 's board , told TPM and studies can be exempted if personal information is not a part of the study . Based on the publicly available information , Dobrin said they could not believe that the Dartmouth board had simply signed off on the study , especially since its review would have included an examination of the now-controversial flyer .
“ The idea that you could be influencing voters as a part of your study , I think that would be looked at very carefully , ” they said . “ I ca n't believe that this actually happened . ”
During a discussion with a well-known colleague about the state of the art in finance and economics , they observed that we were in a state similar to that of physics during the lifetime of Kepler . Johannes Kepler ( 1571-1630 ) had realized that planetary orbits were ellipses and had succeeded in describing orbital dynamics by observing that planets sweep equal areas in equal times . Lacking any coherent theory , however , they hypothesized that planetary motion was caused by some motive power from the Sun , which also explained why planets more distant from it orbited more slowly . They were more distant ; hence , the Sun exercised less influence .
Kepler also modeled the distances of planets by nesting successive Platonic solids within a sphere . With a suitable arrangement , the six Platonic solids accurately modeled the distance of the six known planets . This was a chance correspondence , but they were convinced that they had found a basic law of the universe .
Source : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File : Kepler-solar-system-2.png
Kepler 's accomplishments extended to mathematics . Their work on the use of infinitesimals presaged the infinitesimal calculus , developed independently by Isaac Newton ( 1642-1727 ) and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibnitz ( 1646-1716 ) . It was not until Newton 's theory of gravitation together with the mathematics of calculus , that a fuller understanding of Kepler 's equal area in equal time law of planetary motion could be realized .
Kepler , however , was intensely concerned with the theological consistency of their theories . Their publications include a careful reconciliation of a heliocentric universe with Scripture . They were also a practitioner of astrology .
It is easy from our perspective , to criticize these attitudes . Kepler , however , was a genius . They succeeded in describing and predicting planetary motion more accurately and more simply than anyone had previously . They believed in an ordered universe accessible to human understanding and was committed to the principle that theory must be validated by observation .
One may argue that this is always so . Newton was superseded by Albert Einstein ( 1879-1955 ) , and Einstein 's theory of relativity has yet to be reconciled with quantum mechanics.But the context here is the effectiveness of theory against the set of tasks that we have set for it . Newtonian mechanics is quite good enough for NASA to send planetary probes throughout the solar system . A comparable level of success has yet to be achieved in economics and finance .
What does all of this have to do with economics and finance ? This blog is written from the perspective that these disciplines are in a Keplerian ( or , if you prefer , a pre-Newtonian ) state . We are committed to the scientific method . We have developed some crude theories that appear reasonable and that have been somewhat validated by actual observation or experimentation .
Unfortunately , we have difficulty knowing exactly what and how to abstract from the complexity of reality to build models which offer us viable predictions . We are constantly blindsided by the deficiencies in our understanding and methodology . These failings are not the Eureka ! moments of discovery when an unexpected outcome leads to a new insight , but the fumbling missteps that come from having a not quite clear vision of what 's going on .
We lack an equivalent theory of gravitation to enlighten us . Econo-physics , despite some interesting correspondences , is often just a reformatting of existing results . The foundational homo economicus is not quite right , but not quite wrong either . Behavioral economics and finance seem to describe individual decision making with greater fidelity but materially better predictions of economic and financial events have not been forthcoming . And the mathematical tools we possess are not up to the task . Perhaps developments such as agent-based simulations and cellular automata offer hope , but they are still infants awaiting further development .
This , then , is the blog of a skeptic . Not the arrogant skeptic confident in their criticism of astrology or numerology . It is the blog of the humble skeptic who is all too aware of their dim witted wanderings at the edges of enlightenment .
References
Speaking from the White House earlier this month , President Obama announced details of a framework agreement between Iran and the P5+1—the United States , Russia , China , France , the United Kingdom , and Germany—that limits Iran 's path to building a nuclear weapon over the next 10 to 15 years . Although negotiators will finalize technical details between now and the June 30 deadline , the parameters provide Iran with sanctions relief in exchange for limits on its uranium enrichment , converting its Arak heavy water reactor , limiting the number and type of centrifuges , and agreeing to intrusive inspections . Should Iran cheat or fail to uphold its end of the bargain , however , the United States and its allies reserve the right to “ snap-back ” into place tough economic and financial sanctions .
Skeptics of the framework insist that it does not go far enough in preventing Iran 's path to a bomb . Instead , Congressional leaders are pushing for a greater say in approving a final deal . Most recently , Sen. Bob Corker , chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , tentatively reached bi-partisan support on legislation that would reign in Obama 's ability to provide sanctions relief by requiring the president to submit the final deal to Congress for approval . If Congress decides not to approve the final deal , the alternative is returning to stronger sanctions in hopes of bringing Iran back to the bargaining table .
The view that holding out for a “ better deal ” by strengthening sanctions does not consider the reality of the current sanctions regime , and is based on bad assumptions and outright myths .
Myth No . 1 : International partners will continue to support US-led sanctions . Sanctions on Iran 's energy , shipping , and insurance sectors , along with almost complete financial isolation , have taken a toll . It is easy to imagine that these tough sanctions brought Iran to the negotiating table and , therefore , that the United States should continue to apply sanctions in hopes of gaining a more comprehensive agreement . But only a small percentage of leading scholars believe a strategy involving the threat of increased sanctions would produce a better deal for the United States . One reason is that it is unclear whether or not the United States can maintain an international coalition that supports sanctions against Iran .
In fact , doubling down on sanctions to get a better deal is likely to weaken already waning international support for US-imposed sanctions . President Obama has even expressed doubts that the sanctions regime would remain intact should negotiations fail .
Oil plays a big role here . Tougher sanctions would require deeper cuts in oil imports from Iran , which would likely be a difficult sell for the United States to make . Iran 's top oil consumers have viewed US sanctions as a means to a solution , instead of the solution itself . From the perspective of international partners , failed diplomacy , then , is no cause to accept further reductions in oil imports .
Iranian oil exports currently hover at almost 1.1 million barrels a day , down from 2.5 million in 2011—costing Iran more than $ 40 billion in lost revenue in the last year alone . But without support from international partners , this revenue loss would be much lower . According to a 2015 Congressional Research Service report , China , India , South Korea , Japan , and Turkey—Iran 's top oil consumers— reduced their cumulative Iranian oil imports by more than half a million barrels per day from 2011 to the start of the Joint Plan of Action in 2013 . ( Further reductions occurred in other countries but were deemed negligible . ) Since the start of the action , some countries have made further reductions . India , for example , is importing only 50,000 barrels a day—down from 348,000 barrels in 2014 .
Would international partners continue to support US-led sanctions , if Congressional leaders decide to ramp them up ? The answer is not entirely clear . China , for example , has sought to diversify its sources of oil to avoid disruption , pivoting in part to Russia to satisfy its growing energy needs . India , on the other hand , is expected to increase its imports of Iranian oil .
But it may not matter . Globally , low oil prices and oversupply also mean that Iran will face stiff market competition . If sanctions were lifted , it is uncertain whether Iranian oil exports would return to pre-2011 levels .
Myth No . 2 : “ Snap-back ” sanctions will be ineffective against economic momentum in Iran . There has been much debate about the feasibility of “ snap-back ” sanctions . While the current framework calls for sanctions to spring back into place if Iran does not uphold its end of the bargain , opponents claim that lifting sanctions will provide Iran with enough economic momentum to neutralize the effect of any such sanctions . In a recent statement , Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew characterized sanctions relief as “ reversible ” .
Some economists believe that Iran could see upwards of 7 to 8 percent growth in its gross domestic product , or GDP , in the years after an agreement as a result of re-joining the global economy . But since 2010 , Iran has consistently underperformed compared to its economic peers , primarily due to significant declines in oil production , oil export revenues , and GDP . Despite measured economic growth over the last year , however , without some type of sanctions relief Iran will not be able to fully recover its economy—at least in the short run .
Critics of the feasibility of snap-back sanctions fail to recognize a number of challenges that Iran will have to overcome once the United States , the European Union , and the United Nations begin to lift nuclear-related sanctions .
For one , President Hassan Rouhani 's austerity budget does not take into account a deal with the P5+1 , and instead , focuses on continuing to build a strong domestic economy—including a burgeoning manufacturing base , which Iran will want to protect once sanctions are lifted .
Tehran 's second challenge would be re-joining the international banking system , which it has been increasingly frozen out of since 2011 when the United States designated Iran as a “ jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern ” under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act . This designation requires US banks and other financial institutions to undertake enhanced measures to guard against terrorist financing . Since the only sanctions affected by the framework agreement would be those related to Iran 's nuclear program , many of these PATRIOT Act designations would stay in place . The US designation of Iran 's financial sector explicitly notes the Iranian banks ' role in supporting “ terrorism and its pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities. ” From a risk and compliance perspective , banks would be hesitant to re-engage Iran 's economy . Not wanting to incur stiff penalties , US banks and financial institutions , as well as those subjected to extraterritorial provisions of US sanctions , would be hesitant—if not overly cautious—in re-engaging with Iran . The likely scenario is that some large financial institutions would avoid business with Iran altogether .
In testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Treasury undersecretary Adam Szubin said that , “ Our sanctions are not just words on the books—we vigorously enforce them. ” And during negotiations , the Treasury imposed more than $ 450 million in fines . This comes on the heels of record-setting fines against large banks , such as the almost $ 9 billion fine against France 's BNP Paribas for sanctions violations . Given such a risky regulatory environment , many banks are opting to shut down banking relationships in countries of concern—a process dubbed “ de-risking ” —rather than taking a more tailored approach . This will undoubtedly create stumbling blocks for any of Iran 's banks that want to rejoin the global banking system .
Iran will also have to contend with its continued designation by the Financial Action Task Force ( FATF ) —the global standard-setting body for money laundering and terrorist financing—as a high-risk jurisdiction . FATF continues to call upon its member states to take concerted counter-measures against Iran to protect the international financial system from “ substantial money laundering and terrorist financing risks. ” FATF 's recommendations focus exclusively on terrorist-related financing concern , and not issues related to Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Myth No . 3 : The United States can continue to control the world financial system . Although not without controversy , the extraterritorial provisions of US-led sanctions provide the backbone to freezing Iran out of the global economy . ( That is , the ability to impose harsh penalties on non-US firms for conducting significant business or transactions with Iranian companies . ) China 's Bank of Kunlun , for example , was sanctioned by the United States in 2012 for facilitating “ significant transactions ” and financial services to designated Iranian banks .
The effectiveness of these provisions , however , relies in part on the structure of the international financial system ; imposing tougher sanctions for a better bargain rests on the premise that this structure will remain intact . The truth , however , is that major shifts in international banking severely undermine the prospect of maintaining a robust sanctions regime . For example , some of the hardest-hitting rounds of sanctions came in 2012 , when the Belgium-based company of SWIFT—the world 's largest financial messaging system—cut off Iran as part of EU sanctions . This move froze Iranian 's access to international markets , devastating its trade and commerce .
This sudden move underscored to other countries the inherent risks in relying on a single access point to international banking , and encouraged them to take a number of moves to mitigate those risks . China , for example , is on schedule to launch an alternative to SWIFT , possibly by the end of 2015 . Known as the China International Payment System , it is designed to process cross-border renminbi transactions , in a welcome alternative to the patchwork system of processing Chinese currency payments—making the renminbi a more global currency . The system will provide a legitimate alternative to SWIFT .
Russia recently launched its own alternative to SWIFT for domestic payments , as part of a larger move to get away from Western dominance of the international financial system—specifically citing fears of exclusion from SWIFT stemming from Western sanctions over the escalating crisis in Ukraine .
Reality versus myth . Calls for a “ better deal ” —relying in part on strengthening sanctions—do not take a realistic view of the current state of the global sanctions regime against Iran . The system is changing , and domestic politics has yet to catch up .
Decades of sanctions have had diffuse global consequences , and emerging trends show that US-led sanctions will not enjoy the same level of legitimacy it has in the past . Given US economic dominance and the appearance of effectiveness , it is understandable how sanctions have become somewhat of a panacea for international diplomacy . The reality , however , is that without better evidence-based policy-making , the United States will find itself unprepared to deal with the broader spectrum of sanctions consequences .
When Apple stages a keynote presentation , the company 's latest products are always front and centre . But at this week 's reveal of the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 , the show was stolen by a stout plumber ( fictional , no less ) and their elegantly understated creator .
Apple 's chief executive Tim Cook welcomed Shigeru Miyamoto , Nintendo 's star video games designer , onstage to a deafening response , which grew louder on the news that a Super Mario game was on its way to the iPhone - the first time Nintendo 's most iconic character will feature in a smartphone game . Offstage , Nintendo 's share price rose 13pc as investors rejoiced at the sign that after years , the Japanese company had embraced the smartphone world .
The game , Super Mario Run , where the player helps Mario jump over ditches , bouncing on enemies and collecting coins , arrives on the iPhone in December . So why has Nintendo taken the momentous decision that now is the time for its most valuable character to cross over from console to smartphone games ?
HBO 's hit fantasy drama Game of Thrones is fast approaching its conclusion , with only two short seasons remaining . However , when the curtains close on Game of Thrones Season 8 , that might not be the last we see of George R.R . Martin 's Westeros . According to the show 's producers , David Benioff and Dan Weiss , a Game of Thrones spin-off following the conclusion of the show 's eighth and final season is now very likely . However , they were also very keen to stress that they would n't be involved in such a continuation .
According to BuzzFeed , Game of Thrones showrunners David Benioff and D.B . Weiss made an appearance at the SXSW Film Festival in Austin , Texas , over the weekend and took part in a question and answer session , hosted by Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner ( Sansa Stark ) and Maisie Williams ( Arya Stark ) .
null
During the session , Benioff and Weiss confirmed that British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran will make an appearance in the upcoming season and that the show 's final season will only be six episodes in length , undeniably disappointing fans who were hoping for a final season on par with the show 's previous seasons at 10 episodes in length .
However , the Game of Thrones showrunners did have some good news to share with fans . When asked about the show 's future , the pair addressed speculation around a potential Westerosi spin-off , saying , “ There 's always going be an urge — the characters who maybe will survive — there 's always going to be this temptation to keep doing it ; to do the spin-off show or do the sequel show and everything . And I think HBO might well do one . ”
'Game of Thrones ' showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss . [ Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images ]
Whilst the pair did leave the door open to some of the show 's current cast members starring in a future spin-off , according to Mashable , they were keen to stress that they wo n't be involved . Having discussed their future beyond Game of Thrones , Benioff and Weiss reportedly agreed that they 're ready to do other things beyond the world of Westeros .
RELATED STORIES ON INQUISITR :
New ‘ Game Of Thrones ' Season 7 Premiere Teaser Trailer Released By HBO
Ed Sheeran To Appear In ‘ Game Of Thrones ' After ‘ Divide ' Braces British Top 10
‘ Prison Break ' Season 5 In 2017 : Premiere Date , Cast , Trailer , And All We Know
According to Entertainment Weekly , HBO boss Casey Bloys recently told reporters that the network was considering the possibility of a Game of Thrones spin-off , saying , “ It 's such a big property we would be foolish not to explore it , but it 's a pretty high bar . We 'll take some shots at it . I 'm not going to do it just to do it . It has to feel very special . I would rather have no sequel and leave it as-is than have something we rushed out. ” With that in mind , if HBO does proceed with a Game of Thrones spin-off , it will only be when the time is right .
Game of Thrones has undeniably been a huge success for HBO and with that in mind , it makes sense that the network would want to pursue a spin-off . Especially considering the author of Game of Thrones ' source material A Song of Ice and Fire created such an expansive universe in the form of Westeros .
null
That being said , as it stands , any Game of Thrones spin-off is an afterthought for HBO and its showrunners . After all , the network is preparing to air the show 's seventh and penultimate season on July 16 . The season will be considerably shorter than previous seasons at just seven episodes in length , in comparison to the usual 10 episodes . David Benioff and Dan Weiss also recently confirmed that the show 's eighth and final season will be even shorter at just six episodes in length .
What potential Game of Thrones spin-off ideas would you like to see HBO pursue ?
[ Featured Image by HBO ]
The French finance minister , Michel Sapin , has urged Britain to go “ right to the end ” in stamping out tax secrecy it its overseas territories and crown dependencies that continue to act as tax havens for the wealthy .
Sapin , speaking to the Guardian before arriving in London for David Cameron 's anti-corruption conference on Thursday , said they felt Britain had “ decided sincerely to end a certain number of situations ” characterised by the status of UK overseas territories and dependencies such as the British Virgin Islands .
“ Of course we want Britain to go right to the end , and as fast as possible , so all those jurisdictions respect the same rules of transparency , ” they said .
David Cameron calls for 'fairness ' from critics on tax affairs of territories Read more
They added : “ There are always obstacles , but the principle obstacle is egotism , the feeling that we can get by on our own .
“ The particularity of every battle against tax optimisation , tax fraud or international corruption is that no one can fight it alone . International cooperation is fundamental . You ca n't fight all alone in a corner , which is what has happened until now , when there was a kind of egotism of each nation which thought that they could deal with it alone in their own corner . ”
After revelations about offshore financial activities in the Panama Papers that detailed the tax avoidance of the world 's rich and powerful , Cameron last month announced that the overseas territories and crown dependencies – such as the British Virgin Islands and Jersey – had agreed to provide UK tax and law enforcement agencies with full access to company ownership details . But campaigners have insisted they must go further and allow public access to registers .
The presence of UK overseas territories and crown dependences at the London anti-corruption summit was key , Sapin said . “ I understand that they have been invited , I hope they will be there and I clearly hope that everyone takes part with the same momentum .
“ Even if there will still be resistance – even if , for example , Panama , which put in place a veritable industry of opacity and lack of transparency , is still showing strong resistance , I think there is now such a powerful groundswell that is is unstoppable . ”
Asked about Britain 's move to clamp down on tax secrecy , they said : “ I do n't doubt Britain 's sincerity . But we also know the complexity of the British system , the place of the City , the historic existence of a certain number of entities very close to Britain which , until now , did n't want to cooperate in a sufficiently active way .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stakes are high for France at the anti-corruption summit with François Hollande eyeing a second term . Photograph : Gonzalo Fuentes/Reuters
“ So Britain has a particular responsibility that it has to see through right to the end . But I have no reason to doubt the sincerity of the British leadership in its resolve to act hard and fast . ”
Sapin said there was a new international drive to clamp down on tax secrecy and corruption because it was clear that there was massive global loss from tax evasion – “ for developing countries , but also clearly for countries that are very , very developed ” .
France , with Britain , has pushed for the creation of an international blacklist of tax havens and for the global community to deploy clear sanctions against any country that continues to facilitate tax evasion .
It is also pushing for new regulations that would lead to the automatic sharing of information about the true owners of complex shell companies and overseas trusts .
Sapin said countries had the ability to clamp down fast on corruption , pointing to how France , Germany and Italy went on the offensive last year to better deal with the financing of terrorism . “ At the heart of it , we can use the same tools that allow us to fight against financing of terrorism and laundering of all types , ” they said .
On Wednesday , Sapin apologised and admitted to behaving inappropriately towards a female journalist at the Davos conference in January , after earlier denying the claim .
David Cameron under pressure to end tax haven secrecy Read more
With the beleaguered Socialist leader , François Hollande , hoping to seek a second presidential term next year , the stakes are high for France at the anti-corruption summit .
Hollande – who said during their last presidential campaign that their only adversary was “ the world of finance ” – is now under pressure to win back the leftwing voters who have deserted him .
France is also still reeling from what Sapin called the “ deplorable ” scandal when Jérôme Cahuzac , Hollande 's first finance minister in charge of clamping down on tax fraud , was revealed to have hidden money in a secret Swiss account .
Sapin proposed new legislation this year to improve France 's transparency laws and provide better protection for whistleblowers .
Asked whether they would comment on the UK 's EU referendum during their London visit , Sapin said : “ I 've learnt that saying from abroad what a people should do or choose is never very productive .
“ But giving people – in this case , those favourable to staying in – a certain number of arguments , facts and perspectives to allow them to convince their own people , that 's part of the role of European friends and allies of the UK . ”
They said France would attempt to do this “ delicately ” .
Looking to shore up its fragile state accounts , France has launched a campaign to encourage taxpayers to come clean on previously undeclared assets held abroad , and has clamped down on aggressive tax optimisation techniques by multinational companies . The crackdown yielded €12.2bn in 2015 , up almost a fifth from the previous year .
Big multinational companies have not been spared . The French tax office is seeking €1.6bn in back taxes from the US internet giant Google , refusing – unlike the UK – to strike a deal with the company .
French authorities also sent McDonald 's France a €300m bill for unpaid taxes on profits believed to have been funnelled through Luxembourg and Switzerland , reported the business magazine L'Expansion last month .
Friday , March 27 , 2015 - 8:55pm
Plastic Bag Ban Defeated In House , Solar Panels Bill Headed To Deal
The Georgia House has rejected a bill preventing cities from banning plastic bags . But a bill allowing people in Georgia to finance solar panels the same way they borrow money for homes or lease cars is headed to Gov . Nathan Deal .
The House 's 67-85 vote on Friday makes the plastic bag bill 's future uncertain . The Senate approved an earlier version . Officials in several Georgia cities have considered banning plastic bags within their limits , including coastal Tybee Island where supporters argue that sea turtles sometimes mistake them for food .
Rep. Tom McCall , who carried the bill in the House , says local bans will create confusion and add costs to businesses while Rep. Trey Kelley criticized supporters as `` extreme environmentalists . ''
Other Republicans who spoke against the bill called it a state overreach . Rep. Scot Turner told members that they would n't want such a ban in their city of Holly Springs but every community should make their own decision .
Meanwhile the Senate passed the solar panels bill unanimously Friday . The House already approved the legislation from Republican state Rep. Mike Dudgeon .
Residents buy electricity from monopoly utilities . By law , only utilities can sell electricity in their designated territories .
That law was written before the cost of solar panels fell , making it potentially economical to install them on homes and
businesses . But it was unclear whether companies that are not traditional utilities can finance or lease solar panels .
The bill permits agreements where a customer pays a nonutility based on the performance of solar panels . It does n't alter Georgia 's market for electricity .
In my personal opinion , using a review score serves only to do a disservice to both the reader and game being reviewed . Many people often ask for objective reviews according to how good the various elements of the game actually are . The problem is , not many people agree on those facts alone . The fact is , all reviews are , are an opinion from the point of view of a reviewer . You can not and should not trust any score given by anyone but yourself . That is to say , ideally speaking , a review should give as much factual information as it can , and leave the conclusion up to the reader if they choose to try it .
Some of you are saying , ‘ but we want a quick way to decide if a game is worth paying for and playing ' . I can understand that , but I think that that is in all honesty , a cop-out . Its saying you want reviewers to decide what is worth spending your money on , and you want to skip all of the research that a reviewer has done to come to a conclusion . Its saying that you do not care to read the explanation behind the score itself . That in itself , is a disservice to you , the reader .
The core problem of it comes down to subjectivity . What I see as ‘ good graphics ' is not necessarily going to be the same as what anyone else sees as ‘ good graphics ' . Likewise , as an FPS player , I may be a lot more critical of sound than someone that plays RPGs or sports games . Some games may very well discard graphics and go with other gameplay elements to make the game unique .
For example , nobody plays Minecraft for the graphics . People play Minecraft because you can do a lot of interesting things in it . So how do you score something like that ? Obviously , graphics are n't a key part of the game . So , what weight should a review give to them , if they are given next to no weight by the original developers ? The problem is , I just simply would n't score it because it is bare bones as it is . Others however would score it and points would be deducted from the overall score by it . That is the kind of disservice that they do to some games . A lot of people will simply quantify good graphics as , ‘ Does it run at x resolution at y frames every second ? ' . I wo n't get into that argument in this article , but there is currently a huge disagreement on what the standard is between consoles and PCs games that can often outperform any console ever manufactured . Needless to say , opinions here are rampant , and very few will agree .
As far as sound goes , as an FPS junkie , I am infinitely more critical of sound in most games than many other people . I use sound cues to maintain spatial awareness in relation to any enemy I may encounter . An RPG focused player may not agree with my critique of sound , which like it or not , does carry over between genres . Likewise , as an audiophile , I do care about a game 's soundtrack . Other players may be inclined to say , ‘ wait , game x has sound ? ! ' due to the fact many people play with sound off in order to listen to other things . For those that DO care about sound , my taste in music could and probably does differ from others tastes .
When it comes to scoring storytelling , the waters get even murkier . What is good storytelling ? When you start talking about how good writing is , you start to tread into the realm of talking about something that is regarded by some as being close to a form of art . Does it matter if a story is predictable and cliche if It 's still immersive and well done ? Some people hate the prequels of Star Wars and want to act as if they never happened . I am among them . However , there are those that think the prequels are even better than episodes four through six . Likewise , there are those that insist that Han Solo shot first ( he did ) while the creator of Star Wars insists that Greedo shot first ( no they did n't ) . Both versions , although minor in details changed ( Greedo still dies ) , have huge implications for what it says about Han the character . Both are cliche . On one hand , Han shooting first portrays them as a bit of a rogue smuggler that is n't afraid to shoot first in self defense to end a standoff . On the other , Han shooting second portrays them as a good guy that will defend himself , but only after being shot at . Which is better ? Obviously , its the fact that Han shot first , because I 'm the one reviewing it . This sort of argument is common in regards to pretty much every story ever told . Remember the Mass Effect brouhaha with Bioware pissing off a lot of people , and others ‘ getting ' it ? How do you judge that sort of thing ? How do you score it fairly ? I argue that it is close to impossible to be fair about it .
Scoring gameplay makes the waters murkier still . What is good gameplay ? What is fun ? Fun is defined in the english language as , ‘ Enjoyment , amusement or light-hearted pleasure ' . What is fun to me , may very well be quite un-fun to you . I enjoy playing alongside and against other players of equal or better skill . There are other gamers I know that absolutely despise multi-player games . In all honesty , that is perfectly fine , because fun is subjective and no two people are likely to ever really agree on what fun is . I regard being in a top outfit in Planetside 1 and 2 to be one of the greatest experiences in gaming that I have ever had . Granted , there are a lot of people that would not enjoy the level of intensity that comes with it . On the same coin , I do n't really enjoy the same kind of day-to-day gameplay that beginners in Planetside 2 are greeted with . That is the gameplay that would have to be reviewed , because it is what is initially presented to any new player . For another example , take ArchAge , a review that I wrote . I had to break the score up for its general gameplay into several different categories to adequately quantify what I thought about it . The truth of it is that , for example , if you are a brand-new player , you wo n't be able to get into land ownership unless you are either extraordinarily lucky , or you outright buy someone 's plot from them . I scored it according to the assumption that that is what any new player would do . Not everyone would agree with me on it , but it is what it is .
That all said , there was a time when review scores served a purpose . When gaming was much younger , there were fewer games being made , and it was easier to quantify each aspect against one another . It is an old industry standard . It had its time , but now it needs to be retired , because as gaming has grown up so too have the games being made . It now does more harm to each game being made , and to gamers that still rely on them . Sure , providing a short recap is good to summarize the facts around it , but quantifying them into numbers does nobody any good . Even Stephen Totilo , Editor-in-Chief of Kotaku agrees with me . In a talk with Totalbiscuit they say , “ We 're skeptical that you can boil the essence of a game down to a number ” and that , “ it distorts more than illuminates . ”
You can see that segment of the discussion here :
I get the feeling that scores really only exist anymore due to the politics behind industry standards . Infamously , Bethesda withheld a bonus payment from Obsidian Entertainment because Metacritic 's score for Fallout : New Vegas was 84 , not 85 . This is in spite of the fact it did well over $ 300 million in sales , and the fact that Bethesda had shipped five million copies by November of 2010 . This was done over a number , calculated by people that are n't held accountable to the public , with methods and practices held in complete secrecy . It does n't help you , the consumer , judge weather or not it is worthwhile to actually play a game . We give undue weight to these numbers , and seem to be blinded by dogma and tradition when greater detail about the games being reviewed should be held in higher regard . If we did that , it would give game creators the freedom to not target a number , but look at developing games differently . It would give them the ability to go in other directions and paths not taken . More weight would be put on the fun factor of the game by everyone concerned , and is n't that what matters most when you talk about how enjoyable something is ?
Share Has a tip for us ? Awesome ! Shoot us an email at [ email protected ] and we 'll take a look !
As the U.S. Treasury races to get the rebates to households , beginning this week , it faces an uphill battle against inflation that is blunting the benefits of the $ 152 billion 2008 stimulus package .
There is a lot riding on what consumers do with these rebate checks .
Depending on how much is promptly spent -- and on what -- it could mean the difference between the U.S. economy eking out marginal growth in the coming months or slipping into a deep recession .
It could affect whether the U.S. Federal Reserve keeps cutting interest rates .
Also , the economy is likely to play a pivotal role in November 's presidential election , which incumbent parties tend to lose when recessions hit .
With inflation eroding consumer buying power , the worry is that the rebate checks will prove insufficient to prop up the economy , particularly when poll after poll shows that households intend to use a large portion of the money to pay down debt or bolster savings .
The U.S. economy is dependent on consumer spending .
Rising prices means the same dollar buys less of the goods and services that make the economy go .
`` Every penny of gas price increases takes about $ 1.5 billion out of spending power for Americans , '' said Gary Balter , retail sector analyst with Credit Suisse in New York . `` In other words , 50 cents wipes out over half the stimulus benefit for consumers . ''
If they use the rest to pay bills or buy food , that could quickly eat up the entire rebate check with only limited benefit to retail stores and other businesses that are hoping for a summer windfall , Balter said .
Economists think economic growth came to a near standstill in the first quarter because of the slumping housing market , tightening credit conditions and rising food and fuel prices .
Initial data on first-quarter growth is due Wednesday .
While there are tentative signs that credit markets are stabilizing after nearly nine months of turmoil , there is little relief in sight on inflation .
Oil near $ 120 per barrel points to higher gasoline prices to come .
Since Bush signed the economic stimulus plan in February , the average price per gallon of gasoline has jumped 64 cents to $ 3.60 , according to government data released Monday .
The stimulus plan includes about $ 106 billion earmarked for households this year , with the remainder going to businesses .
With daily gasoline consumption averaging about 395 million gallons , according to government projections , consumers could use the checks to buy gas for about 75 days at current prices , which would n't even get them through the summer driving season .
If gasoline prices had not risen since February , that money would have bought about 90 days of supply .
The rebates give up to $ 600 for individuals and $ 1,200 per married couple , with amounts varying based on income .
Families with children can receive an additional $ 300 per child .
The White House seems to recognize that people may not be in a splurging mood .
Bush said Friday that the checks would `` help Americans offset the high prices we 're seeing at the gas pump and the grocery store . '' Back on Feb. 13 , when they signed the stimulus bill , they did not mention inflation .
Merrill Lynch economist David Rosenberg described the price pressure as a `` shock to the system that is draining household purchasing power . '' To be sure , $ 100 billion or so extra in consumers ' pockets will help the economy .
It represents about 2 percent of annual retail sales .
Consulting firm Retail Forward estimates that households will spend $ 42 billion of the rebates this year , with the rest going to debt repayment and savings .
Retail Forward economist Frank Badillo estimated that retail sales -- excluding autos and gasoline -- would rise by 3.5 percent in the second quarter with the rebates , compared with 2 percent without them .
Who could have predicted the presence of a White House reporter at a popular restaurant located next to the White House ? Screenshot/Google
The New York Times casually dropped a very funny detail into a Sunday story about how White House attorneys Don McGahn and Ty Cobb disagree with each other about how cooperative to be with the Robert Mueller Russia investigation :
The friction escalated in recent days after Mr. Cobb was overheard by a reporter for The New York Times discussing the dispute during a lunchtime conversation at a popular Washington steakhouse . Mr. Cobb was heard talking about a White House lawyer they deemed “ a McGahn spy ” and saying Mr. McGahn had “ a couple documents locked in a safe ” that they seemed to suggest they wanted access to . They also mentioned a colleague whom they blamed for “ some of these earlier leaks , ” and who they said “ tried to push Jared out , ” meaning Jared Kushner , the president 's son-in-law and senior adviser , who has been a previous source of dispute for the legal team .
Overheard at lunch ! And here 's a tweet by the reporter in question , Kenneth Vogel ( the other guy in the picture , John Dowd , is a Trump attorney ) :
Here 's a photo of Ty Cobb & John Dowd casually & loudly discussing details of Russia investigation at @ BLTSteakDC while I sat at next table . pic.twitter.com/RfX9JLJ0Te — Kenneth P. Vogel ( @ kenvogel ) September 18 , 2017
Nice . Talking about sensitive details of a criminal investigation involving the president , “ loudly , ” on a sidewalk two blocks from the White House . That 's good lawyerin'—especially bearing in mind my colleague Dahlia Lithwick wrote a column about how Trump 's attorneys keep embarrassing themselves and the legal profession before this happened .
It began as an unpaid modeling gig .
A decade ago , Munira Ahmed met with photographer Ridwan Adhami to shoot photos for the now-out-of-print Illume magazine , a publication focused on the lives of Muslims in America . Now a likeness of their face has become one of the most popular protest images following President Donald Trump 's election .
“ The concept was to have me standing in front of where the New York Stock Exchange Building is , and the image was supposed to be more of that , really . There was an American flag that used to hang over it . I was like , ‘ All right , sounds like a cool thing , ' ” Ahmed tells me over lunch , blocks from the photo 's location . “ I love Ridwan 's work ; he 's a Queens dude , talented visionary . ”
Out of all the images , one leaped out at them . It was a close shot on Ahmed , adorned in an American flag hijab , the camera tight on their face and their eyes daring you to question their Americanness or them Muslimness . When I saw that photo of her , we had already been friends for years — since fifth grade , in fact . But there was simply something about it that was striking and clearly special . In the years since , it 's become a symbol for Ahmed , herself ; a stand-in as their own answer to the endless questioning of whether Muslim identity conflicts with American patriotism .
In the past decade , that photo has been used all over : in Illume magazine , of course , but also on Muslim blogs , right-wing conspiracy sites , Pinterest boards , and Tumblr accounts . But the photo took on a new life after the election of Donald Trump . Shortly after Election Day , protests were planned — most prominent among them the Women 's March , scheduled for the day after Trump 's inauguration . For it , the Amplifier Foundation , a social justice art organization , commissioned a series of posters by Shepard Fairey , including an adaptation of Ahmed 's image .
The image is a signal of the diversity of American women , but it 's also a response to Trump 's campaign promises to bar Muslim people from entering the country — which turned into the promise to “ highly vet ” them . The promise has since turned into a ban on people traveling from seven Muslim-majority countries that is being contested in federal courts .
You could say Ahmed , now a freelance travel and food photographer , just happened to model for a photo that just happened to become popular . But if you know her , it almost seems like it was meant to be .
“ I 've always felt that need to speak out because I 'm a human being , ” they said .
Carrying the weight of an iconic image
After I made the transition from Catholic school to public school , Ahmed was among my first Muslim friends . When I met her , I met a confident 10-year-old girl . They did n't wear a hijab then , nor do they now , but they taught me a lot about their faith , and today they continue to be unwaveringly proud in their Muslim identity .
Both Ahmed and I were born and raised in the same neighborhood in Queens , New York , that Donald Trump grew up in . She 's a woman of color — and is just as Queens , just as New York , and just as American as Donald Trump . Ironically , in some versions of Adhami 's original photo , you can see the golden signage of 40 Wall Street peeking over Ahmed 's shoulder , announcing to the world that it 's the Trump Building .
Yes , sometimes Ahmed 's selfies get more attention on Facebook than their pro-Bernie Sanders diatribes or the latest articles on atrocities happening around the world . But they say she 's finally noticing that people around them are becoming more politically engaged . People she 's known without any political inclination in the past are now protesting at airports and speaking out against Islamophobia . Of course , that has a lot to do with Trump 's controversial executive order on immigration .
“ I 'm disappointed , ” they said . “ But as much as you want to point your finger at this dude , people still supported this . People elected this person into this position . You ca n't just continuously keep saying , ‘ How could they do this ? ' It 's really , ‘ How could we do this ? How could y'all ? ' They had an entire platform that ran on just exactly this — about seeing through to this sort of thing . I know there were a ton of people out there who were like , ‘ Well , I did vote for Trump , but I was voting because I think he 's better for the economy , I think he 's better than Hillary , I did n't want Hillary to win . ' But then why was n't racism a dealbreaker for you ? Why was n't the sexism a dealbreaker ? Why was n't the fact that he 's got [ sexual assault allegations ] against them a dealbreaker ? Where 's the morality in that ? ”
They continued , “ There was a quote from Desmond Tutu : If you 're neutral in situations of injustice , you 've chosen the side of the oppressor . So I 'm glad that people seem to be having a change of heart , because you can then work to overturn stuff . But how did we get here ? ”
Still , the image of Ahmed embodies something that Trump 's rhetoric nearly deems impossible . Meanwhile , a friend once described them as being as American as hip-hop .
“ What is cool is that I get to be a voice now for a community I think is missing , their voice is missing . Someone who truly is Muslim , and very much American . Both of those things are very much ingrained in me , ” Ahmed says .
As we wrapped up our lunch , Ahmed told me about meeting a woman in Morocco while traveling recently . They were a young bride who worried about their future and their life with a husband they were unhappy with . They spoke with each other for hours through Google Translate , and they told Ahmed they felt emboldened just by meeting another Muslim woman confidently traveling alone .
That 's the weight of that image . That image of them does n't just show the confidence that Muslim women like Ahmed certainly have . It also conveys the confidence some Muslim women want and need to see .
Russian commitment to the war in Syria was emphasised on Tuesday when for the first time it fired a cruise missile from a submarine , saying it had struck a site in Isil-controlled Raqqa province .
President Vladimir Putin , whose forces have long sought this capability , reminded the West that cruise missiles could also be equipped with nuclear warheads .
`` These are new , modern and highly effective high-precision weapons that can be equipped either with conventional or special nuclear warheads , '' they said on Russian state television on Tuesday night . `` Naturally , we do not need that in fighting terrorists , and I hope we will never need it . But overall , this speaks to our significant progress . ''
The strikes came with Syria 's splintered opposition due to begin Saudi-organised talks in Riyadh on Wednesday for difficult discussions on forming a united front in potential talks with President Bashar al-Assad to end the country 's four-year conflict .
Moscow 's latest strikes hit `` 300 targets of different kinds '' in the past three days and helped Syrian special forces recover the black box of the Russian warplane shot down by Turkey last month , said Sergei Shoigu , defence minister .
`` We used Calibre cruise missiles from the ( Kilo-class ) Rostov-on-Don submarine from the Mediterranean Sea , '' Mr Shoigu told President Vladimir Putin during an encounter that was shown on state television .
They added that oil infrastructure , ammunition depots and a mine-making factory had been hit in the strikes .
`` As a result of the successful launches by the aviation and submarine fleet , all targets were destroyed , '' they said .
Russia launched a bombing campaign in Syria on September 30 , saying it needed to target the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant - but the West has accused Moscow of seeking to prop up Mr Assad 's regime and hitting moderate rebels .
Moscow stepped up strikes against Isil after the group claimed responsibility for the bombing of a Russian passenger plane over Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula in October , killing all 224 people on board .
Russia is once again flaunting its military might after having previously fired missiles from warships in the Caspian Sea .
The Russian defence ministry said it had upped the intensity of its strikes in Syria since Saturday , dropping 1,920 bombs over the past four days .
Mr Putin said that the Calibre missiles launched from the submarine could be equipped with nuclear warheads - but said they hoped they would `` never be needed in the fight against terrorism '' .
The latest strikes came ahead of talks in Riyadh which mark the first time representatives of some of Syria 's various political and armed opposition factions will come together since the outbreak of the country 's conflict in March 2011 .
The goal is to form a unified bloc for talks with Mr Assad that world powers hope can be held before January 1 .
Having earned a mechanical engineering degree from Detroit Engineering Institute in 1964 , Tom Tignanelli went to work as a technician and test driver in the Road Test Garage at Chrysler Engineering in Highland Park , Michigan . Their dream job , though , was at Chrysler 's offsite Woodward Garage , headed by Roger Lindamood .
“ My boss at the Road Test garage used to let me sneak over to the Woodward Garage so I could possibly get hired there , ” Tom recalls . “ In the Woodward Garage , which was the Clark Pontiac dealership at one time , there were cars being built for circle track , drag racing , and road racing . ”
At first there was n't a position open for him , but things changed “ when Roger decided to go drag racing fulltime , ” Tom says . “ I was hired to work as Race Group Engineer in the Woodward Garage . That job opened me up to working with the great minds of the product planners at Chrysler , like Dick Maxwell , Robert Cahill , and Dave Koffel . In addition , I had the privilege of being taught by and working with the Chrysler engineering staff that included legends like Tom Hoover , Dan Mancini , Warren Tiahart , Tom Coddington , and Allen Adams , who worked and ran the Woodward Garage . I could n't help but be a good student since I was being taught by the best talent in the industry . It was a great time in my life . I worked on a number of Chrysler race cars , including those owned by Jack Werst , John Tedder , and one car for Ron Mancini . ”
Chrysler built 102 1965 A990 Plymouth Belvederes featuring lightweight body panels and the 426 Hemi engine with a magnesium intake manifold . Chrysler Engineering received two of those cars . Tom says , “ The UFO car was a real A990 Chrysler engineering test car with the lightweight panels , 426 Hemi engine , and reverse-pattern manual valvebody TorqueFlite transmission . As part of the R & D , I recall having the Chrysler engine room build the motor with an Isky cam and some other go-fast items . Eventually , my father , Robert Tignanelli , bought the car from Chrysler . It was offered to us because I was their youngest test driver and my family was heavily involved in drag racing . I did n't get an official racer contract with Chrysler , but since I was an employee for Chrysler Race Group , I ended up getting free race parts . ”
Tom raced their newly acquired A990 in NHRA Super Stock during the 1965 race season . Hooked on drag racing , they began planning for the 1966 race season . NHRA had announced that it was introducing a new category called Experimental Stock ( XS ) that would be divided into six classes running from Super/XS to E/XS . Tom decided to build their 1965 Plymouth to compete in C/XS . Experimental Stock would come to be known as Funny Cars , largely because of the wild creations that came from the brilliant minds of racers like Tignanelli .
Tom tells the story of the birth of the UFO : “ We rolled the car into Shadowoods Auto Center in Roseville , Michigan—my dad 's business—at the end of the 1965 race season in order to build it for Experimental Stock . It never left the shop until it was ready to race in the spring of 1966 . My dad , brothers , Alex Richards , and I did the chassis modifications , drivetrain preparation , and paint work . We had a great relationship with the guys at Logghe Chassis shop , so they built the front straight-axle suspension . We moved the front axle forward 10 inches and the rear forward 15 . The factory lightweight fenders and hood were replaced with lighter fiberglass parts from the Golden Commandos . We also replaced all the factory glass with orange Plexiglas . ”
Further modifications included replacing the steel trunk floor with aluminum , installing a rare aluminum dashboard , and mounting a 3 1/2-gallon Moon spun aluminum fuel tank in the front grille . Tom built the Hemi motor with an Isky 550 Le Gerra cam , Chrysler race pistons , and the stock A990 magnesium cross-ram intake manifold with twin Holley 3116 carburetors . The aluminum cylinder heads were race-prepped by Bartley Kenyon , featuring a five-angle valve job . The Hemi was located farther back and higher in the altered-wheelbase shell . Modifications brought the total weight of the UFO from 3,400 pounds to 3,000 .
The UFO emerged from Robert Tignanelli 's shop as if it had been abducted by aliens . It was unbelievably faster . During the 1966 season , Dieter Nubel would create the UFO 's signature nose piece that would enhance performance . Tom was NHRA Division 3 Points Champion in XS , and earned a C/XS National Championship in their follow-up 1967 season . Additionally , numerous class wins and eliminator victories would pile up to establish the UFO as an extremely successful race car for Tom and the entire Tignanelli family .
When Tom moved up to a Charger Funny Car in 1968 , they sold the UFO as a roller to Bruce Elmer , who later sold it to Paul Janda from Canada in 1971 , where it was placed in climate-controlled storage until 2014 . Clark and Collene Rand purchased the car in 2014 and sent it to Adam Engelhart and the crew over at AAA Restorations in Rushford , Minnesota . The car received an impeccable restoration back to as-raced status and now serves as a rolling testament to the golden era of mid-1960s NHRA drag racing .
Reflecting on the unique opportunity they had as both a Chrysler Race Group engineer and a successful drag racer , Tom says , “ I always tell this to people : There was nothing any better . I got paid to drive a car , I got overtime , and I had free run of Chrysler proving grounds . They sent me to every drag race a week early in order to be a part of testing factory cars . I had a gorgeous truck , a D700 four-door , with three or four engines in the back of the truck to assist factory racers . I serviced their transmissions , supplied spare parts . I was the keeper of the keys . I had it made ! ”
Tom misses every car they ever raced . Not one given to spectator status , they are currently working on building a Wedge-powered altered-wheelbase 1965 Plymouth Belvedere I post car for nostalgia drag racing . They still work seven days a week on Hemi engines , race car builds , and vintage parts upkeep , proving themselves to be an unrelenting fanatic obsessed with the sport that shaped their passion for Chrysler race cars .
At a Glance
1965 A990 Belvedere I
Owned by : Clark and Collene Rand , Fair Grove , MO
Restored by : AAA Restorations , Rushford , MN
Engine : 426ci Hemi V-8
Transmission : 727 TorqueFlite reverse-pattern manual valvebody
Rearend : 8 3/4 Mopar with 4.88 gears and spool
Interior : A100 seats , original UFO rollcage by Shadowoods Auto Center
Wheels : 15×4 American Racing 12-spoke front , 15×10 American Racing rear
Tires : 7.75-15 Goodyear nylon cord 4-ply front , 10.50-15 Goodyear Blue Streak rear
Special parts : Custom nose cone , Sun tachometer and gauges
002-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-rear-three-quarter
Tom Tignanelli 's job as a Chrysler Race Group engineer provided the opportunity for their father to buy this 1965 Plymouth A990 Belvedere I from Chrysler Engineering . Adam Engelhart and the team at AAA Restorations in Rushford , Minnesota , performed the incredibly accurate restoration after its current owners , Clark and Collene Rand , bought it in 2014 .
003-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-side
Chrysler built 101 Dodge Coronets and 101 Plymouth Belvedere I post cars with the A990 package . The cars featured lightweight steel fenders , a hood with scoop , a radiator support , and grille brackets . The package also included lightweight Corning glass . In building the UFO , the Tignanelli crew replaced the fenders and hood with fiberglass units from the Golden Commandos . The wheelbase alteration was done at Shadowoods Auto Center , the Tignanelli family business .
004-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-hemi-engine
The 426 Hemi was restored and rebuilt by AAA Restorations to factory specifications . The engine features a 12.5:1 compression ratio , a 0.590-lift Comp Cams solid-lifter camshaft , Hooker headers , and a correct 1965 dual-point distributor .
005-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-hemi-engine-induction
The Holley 3116 770-cfm carburetors are mounted on the factory magnesium cross-ram intake manifold that was used on all the 1965 A990 cars .
006-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-interior-overall
The original rollcage is still in place , yielding 1965 vintage protection for the driver during those 130-mph jaunts .
007-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-moon-tank
The Moon spun aluminum 3 1/2-gallon fuel tank is rated at 10 psi maximum fuel pressure . The tank is topped off with a traditional Moon three-bar gas cap .
008-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-trunk
The weight of the huge Mopar Super Stock battery was placed over the right rear corner for optimal traction assistance . Bob 's Drag Chutes supplies the laundry for shutdown security . Since the UFO has no front brakes , the chute was a necessity .
A UFO Is Born
Photos courtesy of Tom Tignanelli
009-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-sidebar-testing
Though the date is uncertain , here is the UFO testing at Motor City Dragway in Detroit .
010-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-sidebar-fiberglass-hood
A young Tom Tignanelli demonstrates the lightweight fiberglass replacement hood that was partly responsible for removing 400 pounds from the car when it was converted to C/XS status .
011-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-sidebar-front-suspension
The front straight axle was supplied by Logghe Chassis , sans front brakes , when built for Experimental Stock racing . Those 12-spoke American Racing wheels are still on the car .
012-tignanelli-1965-plymouth-belvedere-a990-sidebar-tignanelli-in-car
Tignanelli 's work as race support for various Chrysler contract drivers netted them the benefit of free parts for their Chrysler race cars .
Carrie Bradshaw has fallen out of fashion — and Tomorrow is yesterday 's news — at least as far as The CW is concerned .
The network has pulled the plug on The Carrie Diaries , its Sex and the City prequel series , after two seasons , and has also cancelled first-year student dramas The Tomorrow People and Star-Crossed , TVLine has learned .
RELATED | 2014 Renewal Scorecard : What 's Getting Cancelled ? What 's Returning ? What 's on the Bubble ?
It was n't all bad news at The CW , however , as Hart of Dixie , Beauty and the Beast and The 100 were each picked up for an additional season today as the network firmed up plans for its 2014-2015 roster .
RELATED | Fall TV Scoop : The CW Orders Four New Dramas , Including The Flash
Carrie Diaries , a charming , '80s-era teen drama , based on the Candice Bushnell book , ended its run in late January with an audience of 910,000 and a 0.4 demo rating , making its cancellation a widely predicted conclusion . It starred AnnaSophia Robb in the role made famous by Sarah Jessica Parker . ( If you 're curious about how the show wrapped its myriad storylines , you can read our recap of the finale here . )
PHOTOS | May Sweeps Scoopapalooza : 99+ Spoilers on Your Favorite Series ' Season-Ending Episodes
On Monday , Star-Crossed served up its penultimate installment and The Tomorrow People wrapped its first-year student season with similarly depressed numbers — 930K/0.3 and 1 mil/0.4 , respectively — with the latter series ' capper scoring an average grade of “ B- ” from TVLine readers . ( Read our finale recap here . )
The CW is expected to reveal next week which nights Hart of Dixie ‘ s fourth season , Beauty and the Beast ‘ s third season and The 100 ‘ s second season will air .
Back in February , the network issued early renewals to five series : The Vampire Diaries , The Originals , Reign , Supernatural and Arrow .
Sad about these cancellations — or was it the right time to call time of death ? Which characters will you miss most ? ( Mark this as one vote for Carrie Diaries ‘ Walt . ) What about Dixie , Beauty and The 100 ‘ s renewals ? Stoked ? Surprised ? Sound off below !
The Houston Texans are scheduled to host former UCF quarterback Blake Bortles for a pre-draft visit on April 15 and 16 and former Texas A & M quarterback Johnny Manziel a week later on April 21 and 22 , a source confirmed .
The scheduled visits were earlier reported by KRIV-TV and the Houston Chronicle .
The Texans sent coach Bill O'Brien and general manager Rick Smith to both players ' pro days . Cal McNair , the Texans ' vice chairperson and chief operating officer , also attended Manziel 's pro day ( as did former President George H.W . Bush ) .
Houston has the first pick in this year 's draft . The Texans have a need at quarterback , among other positions , and have said they will draft a quarterback at some point , having traded Matt Schaub ( who started 2013 as the Texans ' top quarterback ) to the Raiders .
Houston signed veteran quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick in free agency and has T.J. Yates and Case Keenum on the roster .
A large Texans contingent attended South Carolina 's pro day last week to see defensive end Jadeveon Clowney work out .
Clowney , Bortles , Manziel and former Louisville quarterback Teddy Bridgewater have all met individually with the Texans more than once already .
Preventing leaks in throwing constructors
The easiest way to prevent memory leaks is to create all objects on the stack and not using dynamic memory at all . However , often this is not possible , for example because stack size is limited or objects need to outlive the caller 's scope .
Another way to prevent memory leaks and leaks of other resources is obviously to employ the RAII pattern . How can it be used safely and easily in practice , so memory leaks can be avoided ?
This post will start with a few seemingly working but subtly ill-formed techniques that a few common pitfalls . Later on it will provide a few very simple solutions for getting it right .
None of the solutions here are new or original .
I took some inspiration from the excellent constructor failures GotW post . That does n't cover smart pointers and is not explicitly about preventing preventing memory leak , so I put together this overview myself .
Naive implementation
Let 's pretend we have a simple test program main.cpp , which creates an object of class MyClass on the stack like this :
main.cpp 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 # include < iostream > # include `` MyClass.h '' int main ( ) { try { MyClass myClass ; std : : cout < < `` NO EXCEPTION '' < < std : : endl ; } catch ( ... ) { std : : cout < < `` CAUGHT EXCEPTION '' < < std : : endl ; } }
The above code creates the myClass instance on the stack , so itself will not leak any memory . When the creating of the myClass instance fails for whatever reason , the instance newer existed so the memory for holding a MyClass object will be freed automatically . If object creation succeeds and the object goes out of scope at the end of the try block , then the object 's destructor will be called and resources can be freed , too .
Obviously this is already good , so let 's keep it as it is and have a look at the implementation of MyClass now . This class will manage two heap objects of type A , which are created using the helper function createInstance :
MyClass.h 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 # include < iostream > # include `` A.h '' struct MyClass { A * a1 ; A * a2 ; MyClass ( ) : a1 ( createInstance ( ) ) , a2 ( createInstance ( ) ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; } ~ MyClass ( ) { std : : cout < < `` DTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; delete a1 ; delete a2 ; } } ;
For completeness , here is class A . It wo n't manage any resources itself :
A.h 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 # include < iostream > struct A { A ( ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR A '' < < std : : endl ; } ~ A ( ) { std : : cout < < `` DTOR A '' < < std : : endl ; } } ; // helper method for creating an instance of A A * createInstance ( bool shouldThrow = false ) { if ( shouldThrow ) { throw `` THROWING AN EXCEPTION '' ; } return new A ; }
During this complete post , the code of A.h will remain unchanged .
Compiling and running the initial version of main.cpp will produce the following output :
output of naive implementation 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 CTOR A CTOR MYCLASS NO EXCEPTION DTOR MYCLASS DTOR A
Valgrind also reports no memory leaks . Are we done already ?
Introducing exceptions
No , because everything still went well . Let 's introduce exceptions into the picture and check what happens then .
Let 's first introduce an exception in the constructor of MyClass . We 'll make the createInstance function throw on second invocation ( we do this by passing a value of true to it ) :
constructor throwing an exception 1 2 3 4 5 6 MyClass ( ) : a1 ( createInstance ( ) ) , a2 ( createInstance ( true ) ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; }
Running the program will now emit the following :
output of naive implementation , with exception 1 2 CTOR A CAUGHT EXCEPTION
As we 're throwing in the initializer list already , we do n't even reach the constructor body . This is no problem , but worse is that the destructor for class MyClass is not being called at all . Valgrind therefore reports the memory for first A instance as leaked .
By the way , the destructor for the MyClass instance is intentionally not being called as the object has n't been fully constructed and logically never existed .
Will it help if we move the heap allocations from the initializer list into the constructor body like this ?
using the constructor body instead of the initializer list 1 2 3 4 5 MyClass ( ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; a1 = createInstance ( ) ; a2 = createInstance ( true ) ; }
Unfortunately not . Still no destructor invocations :
output of constructor body variant 1 2 3 CTOR MYCLASS CTOR A CAUGHT EXCEPTION
Remember : an object 's destructor wo n't be called if its constructor threw and the exception was n't caught . That also means releasing an object 's resources solely via the destructor as in implementation above will not be sufficient if resources are allocated in the constructor and the constructor can throw .
What can be done about that ?
Obviously all resource allocations can be moved into the constructor body so exceptions can be caught there :
catching exceptions in constructor of MyClass 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 MyClass ( ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; a1 = createInstance ( ) ; try { a2 = createInstance ( true ) ; } catch ( ... ) { // must clean up a1 to prevent a leak delete a1 ; // and re-throw the exception throw ; } }
While the above will work , it 's clumsy , verbose and error-prone . If more objects need to be managed this will make us end up in deeply nested try…catch blocks .
try…catch for the initializer list
But wait , was n't there a try…catch feature especially for initializer list code ? Sounds like it could be useful . Maybe we can use this instead so we can catch exceptions during initialization ?
There is indeed something like that : exceptions thrown from the initializer list can be caught using the following special syntax :
catching exceptions thrown in the initializer list 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 MyClass ( ) try : a1 ( createInstance ( ) ) , a2 ( createInstance ( true ) ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; } catch ( ... ) { // catch block for initializer list code std : : cout < < `` CATCH BLOCK MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; delete a1 ; }
Running the program with the above MyClass constructor will also do what is expected : when creating the second A instance , the initializer list code will throw , invoking its catch block . Again code execution wo n't make it into the constructor body , and we do n't see the destructor code in action .
The output of the program is :
output of initializer list variant 1 2 3 4 CTOR A CATCH BLOCK MYCLASS DTOR A CAUGHT EXCEPTION
Valgrind does not report a leak , so are we done now ?
No , as the above code has a severe problem . It worked only because we knew the second invocation of createInstance would fail .
But in the general case , either the first call or the second call can fail . If the first call fails , then the initializer has n't initialized any of the object 's members , and it would be unsafe to delete any object members in the initializer 's catch block . If the second createInstance call fails , then the initializer has created a1 but not a2 . To prevent a leak in this case , we should delete a1 , but we better do n't delete a2 yet .
But how do we tell in the catch block at what stage the initializer list had thrown ? There is no natural way to do this correctly without introducing more state . And without that , we have the choice between undefined behavior when deleting the not-yet-initialized object members , and memory leaks when ignoring them .
Not using pointers at all
Note that if we had n't used pointers for our managed A object , then we could have used the fact that destructors for all initialized object members are actually called when object construction fails .
However , simple pointers do n't have a destructor , so the objects they point to remain and the memory is lost .
So one obvious solution for preventing memory leaks is to not use pointers , and get rid of all new and delete statements .
In some situations we can probably get away with making the managed objects regular class members of the class that manages them :
not using pointers 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 struct MyClass { A a1 ; // no pointer anymore ! A a2 ; // no pointer anymore ! MyClass ( ) : a1 ( ) , a2 ( ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; } ~ MyClass ( ) { std : : cout < < `` DTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; // no delete statements needed anymore ! } } ;
Now if any of the A constructors will throw an exception during initialization , everything will be cleaned up properly . Now we can make use of the destructor of A . If A instances are not pointers but regular objects , the destructors for already created instances will be called normally , and no destructors will be called for the not-yet-initialized A instances . That 's how it should be . We do n't get this benefit with regular pointers , which do n't have a destructor .
As an aside , we got rid of the delete statements in the destructor and may even get away with the default destructor .
Obviously this is an easy and safe solution , but it also has a few downsides . Here are a few ( incomplete list ) :
when compiling MyClass , the compiler will now need to know the definition for class A . You ca n't get away with a simple forward declaration for class A anymore as in the case when the class only contained pointers to A . So this solution increases the source code dependencies and coupling .
instances of managed objects ( e.g . A ) will need to be created when the managing object ( e.g . MyClass ) is created . There is no way to postpone the object creation as in the case of when using pointers .
in general , the lifetime of the managed objects is tied to the lifetime of the managing object . This may or may not be ok , depending on requirements .
Using smart pointers ( e.g . std : :unique_ptr )
In many cases the superior alternative to all the above is using one of the available smart pointer classes for managing resources .
The promise of smart pointers is that resource management becomes easier , safer and more flexible with them .
Really useful smart pointers ( this excludes std : :auto_ptr ) are part of standard C++ since C++11 , and to my knowledge they can be used in all C++11-compatible compilers and even in some older ones . Apart from that , smart pointers are available in Boost for a long time already .
In the following snippets , I 'll be using smart pointers of type std : :unique_ptr as it is the perfect fit for this particular problem . I wo n't cover shared_ptr , weak_ptr or other types of smart pointers here .
When using an std : :unique_ptr for managing the resources of MyClass , the MyClass code becomes :
using std : :unique_ptr 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 # include < memory > struct MyClass { std : : unique_ptr < A > a1 ; std : : unique_ptr < A > a2 ; MyClass ( ) : a1 ( createInstance ( ) ) , a2 ( createInstance ( true ) ) { std : : cout < < `` CTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; } ~ MyClass ( ) { std : : cout < < `` DTOR MYCLASS '' < < std : : endl ; } } ;
With a unique_ptr , we can still create resources when needed , either in the initializer list , the constructor or even later . The resources can still be created dynamically using new ( as is still done by function createInstance ) . When we 're not taking the resources away from the unique_ptr s , then they will free their managed objects automatically and safely . We do n't need to bother with delete .
And we do n't need to bother with nested try…catch blocks either . If anything goes wrong during object creation , any already assigned unique_ptr s will happily release the resources they manage in their own destructors .
It does not matter if the above code throws an exception in the first invocation of createInstance , in the second or not at all : in every case any allocated resources are released properly , and still there is no need for any explicit exception handling or cleanup code . This is what a smart pointer will do for us , behind the scenes .
Simply compare the following two code snippets , which both create three instances of A while making sure no memory will be leaked if the initialization goes wrong :
solution using smart pointers 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 std : : unique_ptr < A > a1 ( createInstance ( ) ) ; std : : unique_ptr < A > a2 ( createInstance ( ) ) ; std : : unique_ptr < A > a3 ( createInstance ( ) ) ; // now do something with a1 , a2 , a3 // managed objects will be released automatically when // the unique_ptrs go out of scope // note : they may go out of scope unintentionally if // some code below will throw an exception ...
solution using nested try…catch blocks 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 A * a1 = nullptr ; A * a2 = nullptr ; A * a3 = nullptr ; a1 = new A ; try { a2 = new A ; try { a3 = new A ; } catch ( ... ) { delete a2 ; throw ; } } catch ( ... ) { delete a1 ; throw ; } // now do something with a1 , a2 , a3 // objects a1 , a2 , a3 will not be released automatically // when a1 , a2 , a3 go out of scope . any user of a1 , a2 , a3 // below must make sure to release the objects when they // go out of scope or when an exception is thrown ...
Obviously the smart pointer-based solution is less verbose , but it is also safer and hard to get wrong . It is especially useful for initializing and managing dynamically allocated object members , because as we 've seen most of the other ways to do this are either subtly broken or much more complex .
Apart from that , we can take the managed object from out of a unique_ptr and take over responsibility for managing its lifetime .
Further on the plus side , a class definition that contains unique_ptr s can be compiled with only forward declarations for the managed types . However , when the unique_ptr is a regular object member , at least the class destructor implementation will need to know the size of the managed type so it can call delete properly .
The downside of using smart pointers is that they may impose minimal overhead when compared to the pure pointer-based solution . However in most cases this overhead should be absolutely negligible or even be optimized away by the compiler . It may make a difference though when compiling without any optimizations , but this should n't matter too much in reality .
Copyright by KSNW - All rights reserved Kansas wheat harvest June 2015 ( KSN File Photo )
Copyright by KSNW - All rights reserved Kansas wheat harvest June 2015 ( KSN File Photo )
WICHITA , Kan. ( KSNW ) - Farmers in Kansas are taking a massive hit financially , their average income dropping from a 5-year average of $ 120,000 to just over $ 4,500 , levels that have n't been seen since the 1980s .
`` Consumers should be very concerned when they see any time that the incomes of farmers and ranchers drop because these are the people that provide the food for our tables three times a day every day out of the year , '' said KSN Ag expert John Jenkinson .
The big question for many people is what this will ultimately mean for them at the grocery store . The short answer ? No direct effect right away .
`` If this situation were to continue , for many years , it would remove more and more farmers from the business who would not be able to stay in the business and we would see food prices increase because that food would have to be imported to other countries , '' said Jenkinson .
Jenkinson says that farmers know they can face tough times , saying that things work in a cyclical manner . This situation is primarily caused by two factors .
`` Number one is a big surplus of grain which we have , we 've had good crops , number 2 is this very strong dollar , we are not competitive in the global market , '' said Jenkinson , `` We 've been through tough times before , and we will go through tough times again . how soon we will recover from this is still very very uncertain . ''
According to Jenkinson , how fast we recover will depend upon the weather and economies both in the United States and around the world .
Warning : This post contains potential spoilers for Game of Thrones .
Jack Gleeson — who played Joffrey Baratheon on Game of Thrones — has never seen a full episode of the show that turned them into one of the most hated characters in television history , but that has n't stopped them from theorizing about how it will end right along with the rest of its fans .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
During an appearance at New York Comic Con this weekend , the 24-year-old actor gave their take on how the people of Westeros will eventually be able to defeat their greatest threat , the White Walkers , that they had discussed with a fan . “ This is n't a spoiler , because I know zero about the show and I literally know nothing about what will happen , ” they said , according to MTV News . “ [ A fan ] came up with this theory that they told me… someone 's going to melt down the Iron Throne because it has the Valyrian steel that will overcome the White Walkers . I think that 's kind of a cool idea — the monarchy is literally dissolved . ”
Considering that Valyrian steel is one of only two known materials ( the other being dragonglass ) that can kill White Walkers , this theory could potentially hold up in the long run . Of course , Joffrey 's dear old mother would almost certainly have to die before this occurs , as it does n't seem like Queen Cersei Lannister will willingly give up the throne anytime soon . However , many viewers suspect that task will soon be taken care of by their little brother anyway .
[ h/t MTV ]
Write to Megan McCluskey at megan.mccluskey @ time.com .
Winston Peters is refusing to apologise for a joke about Chinese that has been labelled shameful and racist .
`` As they say in Beijing , two Wongs do n't make a white , '' the New Zealand First leader said in a speech yesterday .
They were talking about National and Labour having both sold land to foreigners .
Mr Peters thinks the joke was funny .
`` The truth is the Chinese guy in Beijing told me that . And they thought it was funny . And I still think it 's funny , '' Mr Peters told ONE News today .
But the Race Relations Commissioner , Dame Susan Devoy , does n't see the humour .
`` I think it 's extraordinarily offensive . And I think it 's not a joke , it 's not funny . And I think Winston and others actually need to move beyond that , '' they said .
Mr Peters responded : `` If that 's all she 's got to do , they better find a new job . ''
Unfortunately for Mr Peters , the joke 's origins do them no favours . It was first used in 1947 by an Australian MP who was also a keen supporter of Australia 's whites only immigration policy . And just as it did 70 years ago , the joke 's still ruffling feathers .
`` He has sprayed and walked away has n't he . I mean , you know , they leaf a terrible xenophobic stench every time they actually open their mouth . It 's election year , '' said Melissa Lee , a National ethnic Asian list MP .
Mr Peters referred yesterday to Mr Key as `` Mr Spray and Walk Away '' , in reference to a television ad featuring an Asian presenter .
National ethnic Asian list MP , Dr Jian Yang , says the New Zealand Chinese community will feel offended .
Act deputy leader Kenneth Wang also expressed outrage .
`` I think it 's very sad and very pathetic that Peters , they have to resort to this cheap and racist attack . ''
A political subversion of Donald Trump 's administration is allegedly coming and a former president is leading the charge , according to a shocking report .
Paul Sperry of the New York Post claims Barack Obama is working with an “ army ” to sabotage Trump 's presidency while rebuilding the wounded Democratic Party .
Is Obama the saboteur in chief ? The magazine seems to believe it has a compelling case to prove Barack is making good on their pledge to stay in the political process and emerge wherever needed .
null
While many are calling for articles of impeachment to be drawn up against Donald Trump , ex-President Barack Obama is said to be orchestrating a master plan to create a shadow government to challenge the New York billionaire at every juncture .
The Post , based on unnamed sources , says Barack is sending secret messages to their coalition of “ troops ” that stand ready to act on their direction . What it amounts to is a so-called group of “ agitators ” with a contingency of about 30,000 .
null
Allegedly , at the former president 's instruction , the anti-Trump group will stir up havoc , targeting the White House and the new president .
The writer makes their case for Obama 's sabotage attempt by referring to a string of messages the first African-American president uttered in recent history . In the wake of an outcry over Donald Trump 's immigration ban that centered on seven Muslim-majority countries , Barack tweeted that they were “ heartened ” by the peaceful protests .
null
null
Before the formal transition of power , Obama hosted a November conference call to supporters . They implored everyone to stay the course .
“ I think it is fine for everybody to feel stressed , sad , discouraged for a while , but I 'm giving you like a week and a half to get over it . “ So do n't mope , and do n't get complacent . The majority of the American people believe in a diverse , tolerant , optimistic , dynamic , inclusive vision , [ so ] keep on working . ”
Then , the outgoing president promised to maintain the fight as a civilian and hinted at a return in some capacity when their term ends .
“ But you 're going to see me early next year , and we 're going to be in a position where we can start cooking up all kinds of great stuff to do . The point is , I 'm still fired up and I 'm still ready to go . And I hope that all of you are , as well . ”
The group Barack Obama addressed is what the Post refers to as the “ agitators. ” The formal name is the Organizing for Action ( or OFA ) , a grassroots collection of activists that helped elect the 44th president of the United States .
null
Ostensibly , the group has morphed into an anti-Donald Trump machine that allegedly uses political unrest to sabotage the new administration and prevent Obama 's legacy from being unraveled .
The publication opines that the former POTUS had been planning a strategy of interference with the Republican platform when it became clear Hillary Clinton may lose their edge against Donald Trump . The rush now is to regain control of Democratic legislative seats lost in the recent election .
The Post describes Obama 's alleged silent revolution against their successor in terms of warfare as if Mr. O is a general preparing for an offensive . Their bunker : a mansion Barack and Michelle are renting for two years ( walking distance from the White House ) .
The presumption is that Obama will leverage the strength of OFA to not only protect key initiatives they helped spearhead , same-sex marriage and Obamacare , to name a few , but also to discredit Trump in the process .
As Huffington Post wrote , the group is reportedly a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) tax-exempt organization that was created in 2013 at the start of Obama 's second term . It seeks to raise money that will help bolster Barack 's agenda that is all or in part aligned with the Democratic Party .
First Lady Obama and the president 's former 2012 campaign manager , Jim Messina , formed the group . A number of other Barack Obama surrogates occupy positions of leadership . The group has raised tens of millions of dollars and has over 200 offices around the nation .
null
Sources charge that it 's this group where Barack Obama seeks to form their shadow government to diminish the efforts of Donald Trump 's Republican Party and “ America First ” agenda .
“ He 's doing it through a network of leftist nonprofits led by Organizing for Action . Normally you 'd expect an organization set up to support a politician and their agenda to close up shop after that candidate leaves office , but not Obama 's OFA . ”
Currently , there are multiple calls for Donald Trump 's impeachment . Citizens , groups , and some members of Congress have expressed interest in recalling Trump .
It 's unclear if an impeachment will come to fruition , but the Post claims that Obama has already issued the “ marching orders ” to their army of followers .
Do you believe that Barack Obama is trying to sabotage Donald Trump with only weeks into theirs presidency ?
[ Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images ]
SHARE
By of the
Seventy-five percent of eligible students who applied for taxpayer-funded subsidies to attend private and religious schools this fall in the statewide voucher program already attend private schools , according to data released Tuesday .
Nineteen percent of eligible applicants are currently enrolled in public schools .
More than 1,600 eligible applications for the 2014-15 school year were received from students attending private schools in addition to 482 students who received vouchers for the 2013-'14 school year and reapplied . About 530 students who attend public schools in Wisconsin applied and were eligible for the program . The program is entering its second year .
In total , 3,407 applications were received for the subsidies , of which 2,834 students were eligible . To be eligible for the vouchers a student 's family must fall below 185 % of the federal poverty level . For example , the maximum yearly income for a family of four could not exceed $ 44,177 .
Under state law , the 25 private schools that receive the most applications are selected for the statewide voucher program . Because of a tie , 26 schools are selected for the upcoming school year .
Six new participants in the program are Fox Valley Lutheran High School in Appleton , Saint Paul Lutheran School in Bonduel , Winnebago Lutheran Academy in Fond du Lac , Twin City Catholic Educational System in Menasha and Neenah , and Saint Paul Lutheran School and Trinity Lutheran School , both in Sheboygan .
Each of the 26 schools will receive at least 10 voucher slots , with the remaining assigned through a random selection process .
Five schools that were among the 25 selected for the 2013-'14 school year dropped off this year 's list for new student applications : Green Bay Area Catholic-South , Green Bay Area Catholic-West , Lighthouse Christian in Madison , St. John Lutheran in Plymouth and Sheboygan Area Lutheran High .
A total of 1,000 vouchers are available , up from 500 in the first year of the program .
A spokesperson for School Choice Wisconsin says Tuesday 's numbers demonstrate the need to eliminate the 1,000-student cap on the program .
`` Once again , applications far exceeded the cap , '' Jim Bender , president of School Choice Wisconsin , said in a statement . `` For the second year in a row we have thousands of parents — over 70 % — on the outside looking in . ''
Critics of the voucher program say it siphons resources away from public schools .
Rep. Gordon Hintz ( D-Oshkosh ) said the original justification of the voucher program was to give students attending struggling public schools the opportunity to attend private schools . Instead it has created a system in which taxpayers are paying for private education , they said .
`` All we 've done is shifted taxpayer money away from public schools to private schools , '' Hintz said .
Two schools in Hintz 's district , Lourdes Academy and Valley Christian School , received vouchers both years .
The statewide program , called the Wisconsin Parental Choice Program , is in its second year and is separate from voucher programs in Milwaukee and Racine . There are 1,220 students in the Racine Parental Choice Program and 25,397 in the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program , according fall enrollment data .
An agency is once again offering a cheat , essay-writing service for students in full view of campus bosses at Kwantlen Polytechnic University ( KPU ) in Richmond .
After an investigation , the Richmond News discovered that the flyers — written in Chinese and posted on KPU bulletin boards — offer to ghost-write essays for $ 60 per double-space page ( about 250 words ) .
article continues below
The News reported last October how the exact same ads were being posted freely on the same bulletin boards until the News brought it to the attention of KPU .
“ I looked around the first floor of the building , the ads have been posted in almost every single bulletin board on the first floor , ” said Peter , who refused to reveal their last name , in an email to the News last week .
“ Whoever post it in public has no shame . ”
KPU staff also located one copy of the poster on Monday and removed it from a bulletin board on the second floor , according to Dr. Jane Fee , KPU vice-provost of Students , via email .
An undercover reporter for the News contacted the ghost-writing agency through WeChat ( A Chinese-based social media app ) .
The agency , whose account name is VanStar Essay , revealed that the rate is $ 60 for a double-space page with approximately 250-275 words .
“ Writers are local Canadians or Canadian-born Chinese who graduated from elite universities , ” said the agent .
“ We guarantee the articles will pass , otherwise you will get fully refunded . ”
The rough , English translation of the Chinese language ghost-writing essay service , which was posted across numerous bulletin boards at KPU in Richmond . File photo
The agent told the News that all the articles are “ originally written ” and will go through a plagiarism detection system — a copyright rate of less than 15 per cent is guaranteed .
For an extra $ 10 , students will get a plagiarism detection report , along with the ghost-written article .
“ And all the information is confidential , ” said the agent .
All the students need to submit is the topic and criteria , and they will receive an article within a few days .
“ It takes three to five days for an article less than 1,500 words and five to 10 days for articles with more than 1,500 words , ” the agent said .
Along with ghost-writing , the agency offers an “ online course proxy , ” which “ takes care of ” students ' online classes without them attending .
Fee said KPU will take action to ensure posters , such as these , do n't appear on campus .
“ In light of this and a previous incident of the same nature , we are forced to commit some of our limited resources to conducting regular walkabouts on campus for the purpose of finding and removing posters like these , ” said Fee .
They add that a ghost-written essay will be considered by the school as an example of cheating , which is a violation of the policy and a serious educational offence .
It is subject to discipline , ranging from a grade of zero being awarded for the paper to suspension from the university .
However , Peter said merely removing the posters from the school 's boards is not enough .
They hope more serious investigations can be conducted to find and punish those harming the academic integrity .
The poster , according to Fee , does not have the approval from Kwantlen Student Association 's Member Services , but uses a KSA stamp that “ is not authentic . ”
If you are looking the Best Luxury Flats In Mohali Chandigarh , then the best option is Beverly Golf Avenue . We are sure that will be your dream Residential Property In Chandigarh in your life that makes your life easy and lavish style ! You are assured of finding quality luxury flats in Mohali at your fingertips without any hassles whatsoever . Mohali real estate is very growing now and there are lots of new opportunity and projects are launching day by day and Developers are bit by bit waking up to Mohali Chandigarh potential as a luxury housing hub . Chandigarh is the hub to numerous high net worth individuals , leading business families and highly paid corporate professionals . These are potential buyers making up a sizable pool for Luxury Project Developers . The growth and boom in the IT sector and other businesses and the revival of Chandigarh 's economic location has contributed immensely towards the development of the luxury housing market in the city .
In Mohali many options are available for you to book 4 BHK or 3 BHK luxury apartments in Chandigarh but Mostly luxury projects are to be found in prime Mohali locations only . Beverly Golf Avenue project is the one of most highly demandable luxury project in the Punjab market . It is providing Subvention Scheme For Loan From DHFL Bank .
Project is approval from various government bodies as follows :
Eia clearance
Aai height clearance
Provisional fire safety certificate
Approval of building plans gmada
Ppcb consent to establish ( noc )
Permission to mortgage from gmada
Clu not required ( letter issued by gmada )
Apf case approved by hdfc bank
Apf case approved by icici bank
Apf case approved by dhfl
Water suply
Electricity connection
Mining approva
If buyers are looking to book 3 BHK , and 4 BHK flats near Chandigarh , Beverley Golf Avenue , The Real Estate Developer In Mohali launched beautiful residential project which offering Flats with Flawless Interiors , Astounding Exteriors and Full Luxury Living in the Lap of Nature .
It is an honor for us to serve you with the best facilities with Beverly Golf Avenue . For Booking or more information please contact us at Beverly Golf Avenue , Adjoining Mohali Golf Range , Sector – 65 , SAS Nagar , Mohali – 160062 , ( Opposite Sector 48 , Chandigarh )
Mobile : 9023779999 , Toll free : 18005321786 , Email : beverlygolfavenue @ gmail.com
Advertisements
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
A new formal bill has been put before the New York State Assembly which would fundamentally mandate manufacturers to devise backdoors for their devices .
If approved , the new bill will mandate all smartphone manufacturers including Apple , Samsung , Google , LG and other major manufacturers who develop devices for iOS and Android , to create backdoor access on their devices for law enforcement to decrypt them at will .
The text from the bill reads :
Any smartphone that is manufactured on or before January 1 , 2016 , and sold or leased in New York , shall be capable of being decrypted and unlocked by its manufacturer or its operating system provider .
The bill was originally introduced last summer and was recently forwarded to the committee for polishing . The 2016 date is likely to be changed or pushed forward to 2017 or 2018 . This is also the second time the bill has been sent to the committee and there 's currently no vote or date scheduled .
It remains to be seen if such a mandate is even possible . Even if New York held firm against the change , it might entice other states to follow similar measures . Even the notion of selling a “ Texas ” version of a phone would come at substantial costs for the manufacturer , not to mention the burden it would place on all those involved in the production of the device .
The summary of the bill came in a note that revealed the reason behind the monumental measure :
The safety of the citizenry calls for a legislative solution that is easily at hand . Enacting this bill would penalize those who would sell smartphones that are beyond the reach of law enforcement .
The bill was proposed by Assemblyman Matt Titone . They also proposed a fine of $ 2,500 dollars for every device that does n't adhere to the proposed measures .
Technology firms and Silicon Valley as a whole , along with its flag-bearers in Apple and Google have remained firm in their stance about backdoors . Their argument is that as soon as a backdoor is created , the door is also available for hackers to target end-users to steal their data .
Once it 's open , there 's no going back . That 's the argument of those looking to embrace encryption .
Image credit : Pixabay .
Yet Again , Freedom Of Information Act Request Results In LESS Information Being Freed
from the the-ODNI-will-be-around-shortly-to-redact-your-brain dept
Intelligence agencies seem to make some very un-intelligent decisions . Just last month , James Clapper told NSA employees they were no longer free to talk to the media in an extremely misguided attempt to head off future leaks .
Now , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) has seen fit to issue a redacted document , which in itself is not an unusual event . The problem here is that the unredacted version , originally published by the ODNI itself , has been in the public domain for years now .
Last month , ODNI issued a heavily redacted version of its Intelligence Community Directive 304 on “ Human Intelligence. ” The redacted document was produced in response to Freedom of Information Act request from Robert Sesek , and posted on ScribD .
The new redactions come as a surprise because most of the censored text had already been published by ODNI itself in an earlier iteration of the same unclassified Directive from 2008 . That document has since been removed from the ODNI website but it is preserved on the FAS website here .
A comparison of the redacted and unredacted versions shows that ODNI is now seeking to withhold the fact that the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency functions as the National HUMINT Manager , among other things .
Collects , analyzes , produces , and disseminates foreign intelligence and counterintelligence information , including information obtained through clandestine means .
So , why would it do this ? Steven Aftergood at FAS Secrecy News suspects it might be the ODNI caving to the CIA 's desire to keepa secret.The CIA is only rivaled by the New York Police Department in terms of unresponsiveness to FOIA requests . That it would demand information related to its `` super-secret '' HUMINT ( human intelligence ) work be redacted is n't a surprise . That it would have no idea that this information is out in the open is a bit more surprising . But considering the government 's extremely scattershot approach to overclassification , it is not entirely unexpected.The entire document is marked as `` Unclassified , '' which means there 's very little reason to have any of this redacted , especially considering its previous official , unredacted release . The CIA is n't the only agency to have its information withheld , although that is probably more a product of what the redacted statement says , rather than an indication of the other agencies ' desire for secrecy . The sections for both the FBI and the Defense Department have this sentence blacked out.Apparently , the ODNI would prefer that no one know ( enemies or citizens ) these agencies secure information through `` clandestine means , '' which is somethingexpects the CIA to be doing , if not the FBI.The exemption stated [ b ( 3 ) ] is a bit strange itself . It'slimited to information that is subject to other statutes prohibiting the information 's disclosure . Whatever that unnamed statute is , it must have gone into effect at some point between 2009 ( the latest date on the unredacted version ) and last month . Or , more likely , the exemption was just a handy excuse for blotting out the CIA 's involvement in this particular form of intelligence gathering , one the ODNI wo n't have to explain until the end of the year when it ( like all government agencies ) must list the statutes used to justify b ( 3 ) redactions.This is just another example of the greatest irony of the FOIA Act . The ODNI publishes a completely unredacted version on its own site but when a citizen asks for a copy , it redacts half the document . Freedom of Information Act response creates an information deficit . That makes sense .
Filed Under : foia , james clapper , odni , redactions
Posted on by Mentally Interesting
Contrary to part 1 of my “ Sane Guide to Living With Mental Illness “ , here is part 1 of my “ Insane Guide to Living with Mental Illness : Depression ” .
Introduction
So you 're mental ! Congratulations ! Your journey here may have taken you many years or you could simply have fallen off the doorstep of sanity one day and into the garden of madness . Either way , welcome !
Insanity is n't an exclusive club ; we welcome people of all ages , genders , shapes , races and cultural backgrounds .
Now , let 's get started . Being mad , you 'll want to know just how to wear your madness well , what the etiquette is in our club and how to make the most of your insanity . Each category will have five subcategories :
1 . Eating and self-care
2 . Social etiquette
3 . Hobbies
4 . Sleep
5 . How to deal with those around you , who may not be so excited about your insanity as you are ! Includes lovers , friends and the medical profession .
6 . The future
So let 's get started with depression .
Depression
You 're depressed ! Well done . It might have started one day : you were walking home from work and you felt the bottom of your world fall out . There was a hole in the earth that you could fall through , forever . And you did . I 'll keep this short ; after all , you ca n't waste valuable staring-at-the-ceiling time reading this . If you can read it at all . It 's difficult to concentrate when you 're depressed . Reading the back of the pill bottle can be a daunting task- those damn letters just wo n't stay still ! You might find that your vision is a bit blurry- do n't worry , this is caused by the constant trough of tears that have been welling up in your eyes .
Do you remember what you were like before you were depressed ? You probably thought you were a pretty good person . Well , you 're not ! Say that to yourself every day : “ I am a bad and disgusting person ” . All you 've ever done is make mistakes in your life . There you go !
1 . Eating and self-care
When you 're depressed , there 's a limited source of food available . After all , you wo n't have the energy to cook something , and if you try , you 'll probably forget and burn it . So stick with these staples : cereal , chocolate , wilted old fruit . If you can get to the shops , that is . If not , just order takeout food . It 'll make you happy !
In fact , you may not be feeling hungry at all . This is normal . Do n't worry about eating . It 's too much of an effort anyway . You could drink tea to keep going or , even better , alcohol ! Alcohol is well-known to make you feel better . If you feel depressed , hit the bottle and you 'll be right as rain in no time .
If you do feel hungry , overeat ! Overeating makes you feel better . It means you wo n't have to eat as much next time . This saves valuable energy . Try to get some fish oil in your diet ( omega 3 ) , it 's been clinically proven to be more effective at treating depression than anything else in the world !
You might get a lot fatter but that 's unimportant ; no-one cares what you look like , anyway ! There is no cure for ugliness ! You 're fat and useless even if you 're 110lbs !
As for your appearance , you have two choices : either remove all mirrors from your room ( who 'd want to look at you anyway ? ) or stand staring into one for hours on end measuring your every flaw , and let 's face it , you have many !
Since you wo n't be leaving the house much , there 's no point in brushing your hair and teeth and absolutely no point in changing or washing your clothes . As you 're depressed , you 're not going anywhere so who cares what you look like ! If anybody- lovers , friends , social workers- express concern , lie and say you changed your pants earlier ! They 'll soon back off .
2 . Social Etiquette
Who needs friends ? Not you ! Let your friends know that you do n't need them by pulling the phone out of the wall or ignoring your mobile as it rings for the fifth time that day . Try not to panic if that tinny ringtone irritates you ; everything is going to irritate you , or , you just might not care at all ! It 's great to be free of these social conventions .
Your friends will stop ringing eventually . But if you want to make a half-hearted attempt at sociability , make sure you meet your friends in a pub . That way you can drink ! It may be very difficult for you to go outside , after all , the world is a hideous place . Show your friends you care by crying on them , shouting at them or treating them to miserable , stony silence . It 's okay ; they do n't really like you anyway .
3 . Hobbies
Before you became depressed , there may have been things in your life that you enjoyed doing . You may find that now you have no absolutely no interest in these things ; in fact , the thought of doing them fills you with dread or total indifference . This is normal . None of it matters . Nothing matters .
4 . Sleep
Sleep is important so you should get as much of it as possible ! It 's much better to sleep in the day time because that 's when all those boring things you do n't care about ; your job , your family commitments , your friends ; are at their most demanding .
Of course , feel free to sleep at night time , too . When you are awake , remember that nothing is as fulfilling as lying there looking at the ceiling- what a fun way to collect your thoughts !
You may be finding it difficult to sleep . Panic and anxiety could be tearing through you , making you feel as though your own skin is infected . You may feel like you 're dying . Never fear , abusing prescription medication ( which can be obtained from the doctors , more in part 5 ) or alcohol can help .
5 . How to deal with those around you , who may not be so excited about your insanity as you are ! Includes lovers , friends and the medical profession !
So , you 're depressed ! Those around you may not be so excited about this as you are . But who cares about them ? They do n't care about you .
Your friends and family may plead with you to talk to them . Do n't ! They are trying to bring you to their side . Who wants to be there ? You 're certainly not good enough for that . They may say they love you and care for you ; they do n't ! Do n't succumb to guilt . It 's all a ruse !
They may convince you to go a doctor ; resist this for as long as possible ! Nothing 's wrong with you- you 're wasting their time ! Being depressed is all your fault . There 's nothing they can do to help . It 's all up to you ! You do n't have depression . You 're depressed . Big difference ! Depression is serious . Do you really think you 're that important ?
The doctor may prescribe antidepressants . He 's trying to control you ! They want you to be a happy pill popping patient ! Ca n't they understand that there 's nothing wrong with you ? Being happy is overrated- you 'll never be happy again .
However , if you 're finding sleep difficult , just tell the doctor that you 're depressed due to lack of sleep . Bingo ! Happy little sleeping pills for you so you can spend all day every day in bed ! Score !
Your employers or tutors may be worried about you . You 've missed a lot of school or work , have n't you ? Tell them that you 're fine . They 'll believe you ! If you lose your job or school place because you do n't have the energy , all the better ! It would n't have done you any good anyway .
Your lover may lie next to you night after night wondering why you do n't want to touch them . Or they may have stopped calling . It does n't matter . They do n't really care .
6 . The future
Ha , this is a joke category . What future ? You do n't have a future . I mean , look at you , you can barely get out of bed and cook yourself a meal . You spend your whole day abandoned to the horrible thoughts in your mind , you could be shot and you would n't feel it . Everybody hates you and you 're a failure at everything you do . The world is n't meant for people like you- you should just kill yourself . Why not kill yourself ? Then you would n't feel like this anymore . You will never feel like anything else ever again . It 's either death or this is the rest of your life . Can you imagine this being the rest of your life ? Then kill yourself . No one will miss you . Nobody cares .
I hope you enjoyed part 1 of the Insane Guide to Mental Illness ! Tomorrow : Mania- Nature 's way of telling you that you 're the best .
Share this : Twitter
Tumblr
Reddit
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Filed under : A Guide to Living With Mental Illness , antidepressants , anxiety , being mentally interesting , bipolar , coping with manic depression , Craziness , depression , depressive writing , the insane guide to living with mental illness | Tagged : anxiety , bipolar , depression , the insane guide to living with mental illness |
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The federal Competition Bureau announced Thursday that it has reached agreements with two companies aimed at strengthening competition and consumer choice in Ontario 's residential water heater industry .
Under the agreement , one of the companies , Reliance Comfort Limited Partnership , will pay a $ 5-million administrative penalty and contribute $ 500,000 to the bureau 's investigation into what it called `` anti-competitive water heater return policies and procedures aimed at preventing consumers from switching to competitors . ''
`` As a result of these anti-competitive practices , many customers had little choice but to continue their rental agreements even if they wanted to purchase a new water heater or switch to another rental provider , '' the bureau said .
In addition to the monetary penalties , Reliance is also required to take `` certain steps to make it easier for customers to terminate their rental agreements and return their water heaters , '' it said .
The settlement arose out of applications the bureau filed with the Competition Tribunal in 2012 challenging alleged anti-competitive practices against Reliance and privately held Direct Energy in 2012 .
Meanwhile , the bureau said it subsequently approached EnerCare Inc. after learning it planned to acquire Direct Energy 's water heater business in Ontario .
`` EnerCare was not the subject of the bureau 's application regarding Direct Energy 's practices and has not engaged in any anti-competitive behaviour , '' it said .
`` However , given its acquisition of Direct Energy 's water heater rental business , the bureau has obtained written commitments from EnerCare that put an end to Direct Energy 's anti-competitive behaviours . ''
Meanwhile , the bureau said it was continuing litigation before the tribunal against Direct Energy and is seeking , among other things , an administrative penalty of $ 15 million .
A hearing is scheduled to begin March 2 .
A tanned billionaire who is n't afraid to sing their own praises , promising to make the country great again ... sound familiar ?
Donald Trump , the current front-runner in the race to become the Republican 's presidential candidate in the US elections , is basically an American version of Silvio Berlusconi .
Trump has described Berlusconi as a “ nice man ” and political commentators have spotted similarities between the pair , both in terms of their background and some of their political leanings .
Michael Day , the author of Being Berlusconi , told The Local that the similarities between the two moguls are obvious .
`` The vulgarity , the megalomania , the implausible 'hair ' styles and of course , the cash . Lots of it , '' they said .
Photo : Gerard Julien/AFP
But , they said that politically , they now seem to be heading in the opposite direction .
`` Berlusconi , the communist-bashing , tax-dodging conservative , is , even as their political power fades , surprising us with liberal tendencies in calling for gay equality and animal welfare , '' Day added .
`` Trump , or to use their migrant family name Drumpf , was a Democrat until 2008 . But now as they seek the most powerful job in the world , it seems they ca n't be reactionary enough - while the rest of the globe , including atheists , agnostics and possibly Berlusconi himself , mutters 'God help us ' . ''
If you 're still not convinced , here are six striking similarities between the two .
1 . They both rose to fame via property before conquering the media
Having begun their career at their father 's property business , Trump 's ambition quickly grew and they began working on skyscrapers , completing the 72-storey Trump World Tower in 2001 . Today , they own millions of square feet of Manhattan real estate as well as golf courses and resorts worldwide . But you may not have known that Berlusconi also began their career in the world of property , building 4,000 residential apartments close to Milan .
It was n't long before both men moved into the media industry ; Berlusconi used the profits from their construction business to set up their advertising agency . Fast forward a few years and they were at the helm of a vast media empire , encompassing three national TV channels , a network of local TV stations and print media ventures .
Trump , meanwhile , clearly felt more suited to an on-camera role than staying behind the scenes . They became host of The Apprentice - earning two Emmy nominations - and has played themselves in several films and TV shows , whilst also becoming a part-owner of the Miss USA and Miss Universe beauty pageants .
2 . They are n't too shy to admit they like beautiful women
Photo : Rodrigo Varela/AFP
Both politicians present themselves as ladies ' men . Trump has said that every one of the female contestants in The Apprentice flirted with him , not very modestly adding : “ That 's to be expected . ”
They have also said that the success of women in the show was `` to a very large extent , determined by their appearance , '' and has gloated that `` it does n't matter what the media write as long as you 've got a young , and beautiful , piece of ass '' .
But these comments are nothing when compared to the tales of Berlusconi 's extravagant 'bunga-bunga ' sex parties , which provided fodder for Italian tabloids for years . They narrowly avoided jail when exotic dancer Karima El-Mahroug said they had invented claims that strippers had `` bodily stimulated '' the politician .
Still , they might have a fiancée in their 20s now , but many Italian women are unimpressed .
Photo : Greg Wood/AFP
And however much they each claim to love women , both men are plagued by accusations of sexism . Trump has been criticized for referring to women variously as `` dogs '' , `` pigs '' and `` slobs '' .
3 . They both have headline-grabbing hairstyles ... and orange tans
Photo : Christopher Furlong/AFP
Countless column inches have been devoted to Trump 's comb-over , which even has its own Twitter account with a sizeable following . Speculation is rife as to whether the questionably-styled hair is all their own , but Trump has denounced those who doubt its authenticity as `` haters and losers '' .
As everybody knows , but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge , I do not wear a “ wig. ” My hair may not be perfect but it 's mine . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 24 , 2013
The same ca n't be said for Berlusconi . The ex-premier has had two hair transplants - in 2004 and 2005 , while photographs appear to show the use of make-up to 'fill in ' the gaps in their receding hairline . Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair was reportedly embarrassed to be photographed with Berlusconi wearing a bandana to protect their scalp after the operation , and Microsoft founder Bill Gates accused them of putting their appearance above bigger problems , such as foreign aid .
The pair also seem to have a penchant for the same ( orange ) tanning booths .
Photo : Gianni Schicchi/AFP
4 . They made big promises in a bid to gain power
Trump 's slogan 'Make America Great Again ! ' has the same nationalist undertones as the name of Berlusconi 's Forza Italia party , the name of which translates as 'Go Italy ' and is taken from a popular football chant . Berlusconi utilized their TV network in a campaign of advertisements which led to their election , whilst Trump 's own personal wealth has helped them in their campaign to be the Republican candidate .
Photo : Alessandro di Meo/AFP
One of the key promises Berlusconi made was to create `` one million more jobs '' for Italians .
5 . They 're both social media savvy
Aged 69 and 79 , these two prove that millennials do n't have the monopoly on social media . `` My Twitter account has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth , ” is something that Trump has actually said - so there you have it .
Trump enjoys using Twitter to retweet comments from their supporters , weigh-in on the attractiveness of female celebrities ( repeatedly ) , deny climate change and deliver sassy put-downs to theirs `` haters '' .
Sorry losers and haters , but my I.Q . is one of the highest -and you all know it ! Please do n't feel so stupid or insecure , it 's not your fault — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 9 , 2013
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 6 , 2012
Berlusconi , on the other hand , prefers the power of pictures over words , and joined Instagram last year , posting an impressive 60 photos in their first day . He 's calmed down since then , but is now nearing their 100th post and has over 35,000 followers on the site .
Ancora al lavoro per le # regionali2015 e per # forzaitalia # silvioberlusconi # azzurralibertà A photo posted by Silvio Berlusconi ( @ silvioberlusconi2015 ) on May 22 , 2015 at 2:07am PDT
The account mostly consists of photos of them at political events or their TV appearances , but like any Instagram user , he 's also fond of the occasional snap of their lunch and , of course , their beloved pet poodle Dudù . It 's worth noting that Dudù themselves has also built up quite the social media presence , with a large Facebook following and even a blog dedicated to their antics on the website of l'Espresso magazine .
6 . They are matey with Putin
Berlusconi and Putin have enjoyed an impressive 14-year friendship , visiting each other at their holiday homes and sharing jokes at press conferences . It 's almost heartwarming to see .
READ MORE : Berlusconi and Putin : An enduring love
Berlusconi has called Putin a `` good boy '' and `` godsend to Russians '' , while Putin has said that their friend only received so much criticism over the 'bunga bunga ' sex scandal because others were `` jealous '' .
Trump has n't been quite so outspoken in their admiration for the Russian leader , but has said twice that they reckon he 'd `` get along fine '' with Putin if elected - while Putin has described Trump as `` bright and talented '' . If things go well , these three could soon be firm BFFs .
Photo : Itar Tass/AFP
At least five people have died and 15 others have been injured after a shooting outside a club on the last night of the BPM electronic music festival in Mexico .
The shooting occurred in the early hours of the morning outside the Blue Parrot nightclub in Playa del Carmen , said Rodolfo Del Angel , police director in Quintana Roo state .
Del Angel told the Milenio TV station that the shooting was the result of “ a disagreement between people inside ” the nightclub , and that security guards had come under fire when they tried to contain the dispute .
State officials gave the death toll and said two Canadians , one Italian and one Colombian person – all BPM employees – were among the dead . They did not confirm reports in local media that attributed the attack to a drug dealing dispute .
In a statement BPM said members of its security team were killed and that the incident involved a lone gunman .
The Blue Parrot was hosting a closing party for the 10-day music festival , which is popular with foreign tourists , when the shooting happened . Glasgow-based DJ Jackmaster tweeted about the incident as the first reports emerged :
JACKMASTER ( @ jackmaster ) Someone has come into the club in Playa Del Carmen and opened fire . 4-5 dead and many wounded . Stay in ur fuckin hotel if you 're here at BPM
Video footage shows dozens of people fleeing the scene in panic . In one , shouts of “ he 's got a gun ” can be heard .
A BPM statement published on Facebook said : “ We are overcome with grief over this senseless act of violence and we are cooperating fully with local law enforcement and government officials as they continue their investigation . ”
The UK Foreign Office said embassy staff in Mexico were urgently looking into the situation . It said any Britons caught up in the incident should follow the advice of local authorities . The Foreign Office issued advice including a telephone number for anyone worried about friends or family members in Mexico .
Valerie Lee , Mixmag 's US digital editor , who was at Blue Parrot when the shooting happened , described what they saw . “ We were there for maybe 20 minutes when we heard four to five shots , ” they told the Guardian . “ Everyone was kind of processing it for a second then people starting running away from the main entrance towards the back .
“ There is a large cement wall so we kind of crouched underneath waiting to see what was happening . People started saying it was just fireworks . But shortly after other people came running through the area and said they had seen someone with a gun . ”
Lee said after crouching under a metal table behind the wall for up to five more minutes they fled out of the back of the club into the street , where people were crying .
“ We later talked to a friend who had been outside when it happened . They said they were 20 feet away from the shooter and that they saw five bodies on the ground before they ran away . The shooters did n't seem to enter the club , they just kind of shot towards the front entrance and did not get in . People seem to be saying shooters but I 'm not positive [ how many there were ] . ”
Another witness , who gave their name as Angel , told Dazed magazine : “ We heard what appeared to be gunshots , but a worker told us to calm down , [ saying ] it was just fireworks . People started getting up and again the shots started . My friends saw the shooter running across the back of the club , shooting into it through a metal rail . One of my friends saw a person shot and bleeding .
“ Once the shooting stopped , we jumped over that same fence and ran on the beach about 10 blocks . We were helped by some other partygoers by letting us hang out in their hotel for a few minutes . They saw a guy shot in the head . ”
The shooting will be a blow to Mexico 's tourist industry . The BPM festival , which was celebrating its 10th year , has grown to become one of the most important electronic events in the festival calendar , attracting top DJs from around the world .
Quintana Roo and the surrounding Yucatan peninsula have traditionally been less violent than other parts of Mexico , with relatively low murder rates . However , the presence of foreign tourists and a vibrant nightlife scene means there has long been an important local drug market in and around Playa Del Carmen .
Additional reporting by David Agren in Mexico City
When you 're at Disney 's Animal Kingdom , there are some places you just have to go .
No matter what else is on your agenda , there 's one spot you ca n't help visiting on a trip to Disney 's Animal Kingdom – the restroom . While these stops probably are n't considered the highlight of your trip , there 's no reason you ca n't make the most of your visits .
This handy guide will point you toward the best spots in the park ... and give you a little trivia to consider along the way .
1 . Main Entrance , Left Side
Cleanliness : Women-7 , Men-9
Size : W-5 , M-4
Changing Table : W-10 , M-7
Kid 's Sink : Yes
Overall Score : 7
This is the first restroom you 'll come across inside the park . Located right next to the lockers , it 's a busy spot with lots of traffic to duck around , particularly during the first few hours of the day when everyone is heading into the park .
If you have a baby to change here , you 're much better off in the women 's restroom where the changing table is off in its own alcove . On the men 's side , the table is right inside the door so you 're likely to have foot traffic jostling you from behind .
Look For This : The spoonbill exhibit is directly across from these restrooms , offering a convenient spot to meet up with your family when you 're finished . If you 're interested in doing a lot of animal spotting around the park , take this time to grab an animal guide at the maps display located nearby .
Worth Pondering : Though other Disney parks feature open entrances on their restrooms , those at Animal Kingdom have doors . This is so the restrooms can serve as safe shelters in case an animal escapes .
2 . Pizzafari
Cleanliness : Women-9 , Men-9
Size : W-7 , M-8
Changing Table : W-7 , M-8
Kid 's Sink : Yes
Overall Score : 8
The Pizzafari restrooms are available through the restaurant and through an outdoor entrance . Several benches around the outdoor entrance offer a convenient spot for waiting for family members . This restroom is relatively empty in the morning , but takes a bigger hit during lunch and dinner rushes .
Look for This : How many animals can you spot in the decorations surrounding the outside entrance for these restrooms ? Hint : Do n't forget to check the signage and look up towards the roof .
Worth Pondering : There are over 320 animals carved into the Tree of Life . Do n't miss your chance to spot them !
3 . Africa
Cleanliness : Women-8 , Men-8
Size : W-8 , M-8
Changing Table : W-5 , M-6
Kid 's Sink : No
Overall Score : 7.2
As the only restroom in the expansive Africa area , this is almost always crowded . The restroom does have mirrors over some of the sinks which is a notable feature for a Disney restroom .
Look for This : The stage outside these restrooms regularly plays host to African musical performances . This is worth watching , particularly if you 're waiting for the rest of your party . Just make sure you head toward the front of the stage to avoid the overcrowded area around the restroom doors .
Worth Pondering : Disney 's Animal Kingdom is home to the largest groups of Nile hippos and African elephants in North America . Check them out on Kilimanjaro Safaris .
4 . Rafiki 's Planet Watch
Cleanliness : Women-10 , Men-9
Size : W-7 , M-6
Changing Table : W-8 , M-8
Kid 's Sink : No
Overall Score : 8
These restrooms are the most interesting option in Animal Kingdom , though you have to take the train out to Rafiki 's Planet Watch to check them out . Inside , you 'll hear animal noises that make you feel like you 're deep in the jungle . Located off to the right just inside the building at Planet Watch , this spot is usually fairly empty .
Look for This : Outside the restrooms , there 's a Hidden Mickey in the ostrich 's pupil on the wall mural .
Worth Pondering : These restrooms include bathroom trivia on the backs of the stall doors to keep you busy while you're…busy .
5 . Flights of Wonder
Cleanliness : Women-8 , Men-9
Size : W-8 , M-8
Changing Table : W-6 , M-6
Kid 's Sink : No
Overall Score : 7.5
These restrooms , located near several food and drink stands , are relatively far from major attractions , so you can enjoy a pleasant lack of crowds . The only exceptions are show dumps from Flights of Wonder .
Look for This : A small alcove with tables and benches is just across from these restrooms . You can enjoy a great view of the Tree of Life from here . If you have n't taken time to examine it from this angle , see how many unique animals you can spot while waiting for your party .
Worth Pondering : Animal Kingdom features 2.6 million gallons of water in various water features throughout the park . This volume is filtered an average of five times per day .
If you pronounced Hermione 's name wrong when you read the Harry Potter books , you 're not alone .
J.K. Rowling addressed the widely mispronounced character name on Twitter Friday , responding to another tweet which read , “ Never make fun of people for mispronouncing a word . It means they learned it by reading . ”
A fan responded , saying “ Thank you @ jk_rowling for teaching me how to say Hermione in the Goblet of Fire . Before then I always said it ‘ HER-may-OWN . ' ”
In the Goblet of Fire scene referred to , Hermione instructs Victor Krum ( and readers ) on how to say their name . “ Her – my – oh – née , ' they said , slowly and clearly , ' ” Rowling writes .
Rowling also revealed that their favorite mispronunciation was “ Hermy – won , ” and this kicked off a flurry of tweets as fans shared the many different ways they mispronounced the name . The results are incredibly varied and very funny . From “ Her-me-oh-nee ” to “ Her-moan-y , ” see the responses below :
`` Never make fun of people for mispronouncing a word . It means they learned it by reading . '' — Morgan Housel ( @ morganhousel ) January 11 , 2017
My favourite mispronunciation of 'Hermione ' was 'Hermy – won . ' It suited her ! https : //t.co/zNmMS9GAq6 — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) January 13 , 2017
Harry Potter was mine and my brother 's bedtime story when we were tiny , my mum called their 'Hermy-own ' for years until the films ! — Meg ( @ megsaystweet ) January 13 , 2017
@ Nemesis47AT I first read it as `` her-moyne '' 😂 — Steph ( @ neverletyoupart ) January 13 , 2017
My mom always read it as `` Her-minion '' … — Mika ( @ mikagredegard ) January 13 , 2017
little Portuguese me used to pronounce it `` errmee-on '' 😂 tough times — Valentina ( @ ValsCappuccino ) January 13 , 2017
in Brazil we say `` Ermy-oni '' — Arthur Weasley 🐤 ( @ Weasley_dad ) January 13 , 2017
@ Nemesis47AT when I was 9 & first started reading the books I used to say `` err-me-own '' , with a very strong spanish accent 😂 — camilín ✈ ( @ camidelpo ) January 13 , 2017
My Dad and I always said it Hermy-own , but my brother called them Herm-oine ! : O — Elissa ( @ ElissaGow ) January 13 , 2017
My mum still ca n't pronounce it ( Her-moan-y , usually ) although I 'm not sure they are n't just winding me up ! — SomeCallMeLaz ( @ SomeCallMeLaz ) January 13 , 2017
@ Nemesis47AT haha . I always pronounced it as Her-mo-in . — Stand4Peace✌ ( @ Aannad15 ) January 13 , 2017
mine was Hermy own ay 😂 — Aido ( @ HandofHenry ) January 13 , 2017
And one amazing fan actually pronounced it correctly all along :
The US Fish and Wildlife Service yesterday proposed that the Oregon chub , a small minnow native to Oregon 's Willamette Valley , be removed from the endangered species list created by the 1973 US Endangered Species Act . If the chub is removed , it will be the first fish to be delisted because of its population recovery since the list was created .
The Oregon chub was placed on the endangered species in 1993 after the loss of floodplain habitats and predation by non-native fish . At the time , fewer than eight populations of Oregon chub existed , with fewer than 1,000 fish . A recovery plan to boost chub numbers was finalized in 1998 , and thanks to the success of methods such as habitat restoration , education , and careful monitoring , the species was reclassified as `` threatened '' in 2010 . Oregon chub numbers now exceed 150,000 , in 80 different habitats around the Willamette area .
Oregon chub numbers now exceed 150,000 , across 80 different sites
If the Oregon chub is removed from the US endangered species list , it will join 26 animals , including the Steller sea lion and Gray wolf , that have had their populations re-grow following their classification as endangered . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is currently considering whether to remove the North Pacific humpback whale from the list of more than 2,000 plants and animal species currently considered endangered in the US and abroad .
The Josh Gordon saga may have finally concluded . After over 4 months of waiting , with news of the suspension first breaking in early May , it appears the ordeal has reached its last resolution . Following the NFL Players Associations ' approval of the league 's new drug policy , Gordon 's suspension will be reduced to 10 games total , which includes the one game already served , according to multiple reports .
The new policy is to be applied `` retroactively . '' But the results of such application leaves observers with a lot more questions than answers about exactly what the language in the policy allowed for this so-called reduction , considering the test Gordon had been appealing , the entire process of which was during the new league year , was for only 16 nanograms , a number not considered a violation under the new 35ng/ml threshold .
As first reported by Mary Kay Cabot of Cleveland.com , citing a league source , this 10 game suspension is apparently for their `` fourth violation '' of substance abuse . How exactly it 's Gordon 's fourth violation , or even a violation at all , is left entirely unanswered in the report .
Even less tact , the source reportedly stressed that Gordon would receive `` no special treatment '' from the league . Meanwhile , the NFL is still reeling from the fallout of an incident far worse than any number of THC metabolites could possibly amount to , considering NFL commissioner Roger Goodell gave the sort of special treatment to Ray Rice that equates to only a two-game suspension for beating their then-fiance unconscious and getting caught on camera dragging their body out of an elevator without any regard for their well-being whatsoever .
The rest of that video was n't even necessary to make clear just how out-of-whack Goodell 's priorities are , but making matters even more disturbing knows that full video made it 's way to NFL offices anyway , according to a report by the Associated Press . So at best , Goodell is grossly incompetent and indifferent toward domestic violence , likely preferring not to see the video . At worst , Goodell saw it , knew how damaging it was , and has been since actively trying to bury the situation .
At this time , it is not known as to which of those two possible scenarios are true . But it does n't matter . It should n't have ever taken the full video to realize Goodell cared more about punishing a marijuana violation than a player knocking out a woman and dragging their body around .
Regardless of whether this is Gordon 's fourth or second violation , a distinction that you 'd be right to assume is incredibly important to the suspension here , their appeal should have been legitimately heard even under the old policy , considering just how slim of a margin one in a billion really is .
The appeal has been discussed at length here before . The one thing that was certain knowing the details of Gordon 's case was that they probably did n't actually smoke marijuana . False positives in drug testing are very real . Gordon was a former habitual user in college , which made them even more prone to that possibility . In the NFL , they passed 70 prior tests before one nanogram flared up above the already minuscule threshold in just one of the two samples .
So in the previous NFL policy , if you were a habitual user in college like Gordon , your livelihood for a year could quite literally depend on a coin flip . This was in the same league that would bury their head in the sand about a prominent player 's domestic violence issues as long as video of it did n't go public . In fact , they may have just actively avoided that video .
Now , it 's the league that seemingly arbitrarily found 10 games to be an appropriate punishment based on how the NFL weighs all of these issues .
A group of 469 professors and students at the University of Virginia ( UVA ) are calling for the school 's president to stop quoting school founder Thomas Jefferson , on the grounds that Jefferson was a slave owner .
In a post-election email to the UVA community , school president Teresa Sullivan included a Jefferson quote saying that UVA students , “ are not of ordinary significance only : they are exactly the persons who are to succeed to the government of our country , and to rule its future enmities , its friendships and fortunes. ” Sullivan encouraged modern UVA students to “ embrace that responsibility . ”
But some at UVA say that quoting Jefferson in such a manner is completely unacceptable .
“ We would like for our administration to understand that although some members of this community may have come to this university because of Thomas Jefferson 's legacy , others of us came here in spite of it , ” the public letter says . “ For many of us , the inclusion of Jefferson quotations in these e-mails undermines the message of unity , equality and civility that you are attempting to convey . ”
Besides founding UVA , Jefferson was also America 's third president and one of the young country 's premier intellectuals . Despite strong personal reservations about the morality of slavery , Jefferson owned slaves throughout their life . They also carried on a lengthy relationship with one of their slaves , Sally Hemings , with whom they had several children . ( RELATED : San Fran May Dump George Washington High School Because They Owned Slaves )
The letter was drafted by assistant psychology professor Noelle Hurd and was signed by several other professors , along with hundreds of students .
“ I drafted the e-mail because when Jefferson was referenced in emails related to the election , it communicated to me a message of exclusion , ” Hurd told The Cavalier Daily .
A policy of avoiding quoting Jefferson would potentially extend to avoiding the Declaration of Independence , which Jefferson wrote .
In a statement responding to the letter , Sullivan argued that quoting Jefferson positively was n't necessarily an endorsement of their entire life .
“ I fully endorse their right to speak out on issues that matter to all of us , including the University 's complicated Jeffersonian legacy , ” they said in a statement . “ Quoting Jefferson ( or any historical figure ) does not imply an endorsement of all the social structures and beliefs of their time . ”
Send tips to blake @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Image copyright EPA Image caption There has been a sharp rise in the number of migrants trying to enter Hungary
Hungary has suspended a key EU rule that says it must take back asylum seekers who first enter Hungary but travel on to other countries .
A government spokesperson said the decision had been made because Hungary is overburdened by illegal immigration .
The announcement comes just days after Hungary announced a plan to erect a border fence against migrants .
Hungarian officials say that more than 60,000 people have entered the country illegally this year .
'Fast action '
`` Hungary has used up the capacities at its disposal , '' said a Hungarian government spokesperson on Tuesday .
`` The situation requires fast action ; in this escalated situation Hungary needs to take a move ahead of EU decisions . ''
The EU has called on the Hungarian government to immediately clarify its position .
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Hungary has said it will build a fence along its 175km border with Serbia to keep out migrants
A spokesperson for the European Commission added that Hungary had said that the suspension was for a `` technical reason '' .
`` The Commission has asked Hungary for immediate clarification on the nature and extent of the technical failure . ''
Hungary 's government has suspended a core principle for handling asylum claims in the EU called the Dublin Regulation .
It says that the responsibility for examining an asylum seeker 's claims usually lies with the first EU country that the migrant reaches .
If the migrant travels to a second EU nation , they can be sent back to the entry country to have their asylum claim processed .
The Dublin Regulation has already caused tension in the EU and is under review .
Finland and Germany are among several countries that have stopped sending migrants back to Greece after the country complained that it was being inundated with asylum applications .
Critics say that Tuesday 's announcement is the latest anti-immigrant rhetoric from the Hungarian government .
It has already announced plans to build a wall to run the length of the 175km ( 109-mile ) border with Serbia .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hungary 's government has also launched an anti-immigration poster campaign
A recent government billboard campaign with messages such as `` If you come to Hungary , do n't take the jobs of Hungarians ! '' has also caused controversy .
The poster campaign is part of the government 's efforts to win public support for tough new immigration laws that are expected soon .
In January to March 2015 , Hungary had 32,810 new asylum applicants . It had the second-highest number of applicants in the EU after Germany .
Not even a reprimand first , huh ? Here 's hoping , at least , that some White House water-carrier like Media Matters threatened the paper with a boycott before it acted . It 's too depressing to think that the publisher might have canned them on their own initiative , without any pressure from the pretend-outrage industry , just because Johnson got a step too close to a Johnny Paycheck song title in writing about Bambi .
Alternate headline stolen from Ace : “ ‘ Free Press ' not so free . ”
Free Press editor Drew Johnson has been terminated after placing a headline on an editorial outside of normal editing procedures . Johnson 's headline , “ Take your jobs plan and shove it , Mr. President : Your policies have harmed Chattanooga enough , ” appeared on the Free Press page Tuesday , the day President Barack Obama visited the city . The headline was inappropriate for this newspaper . It was not the original headline approved for publication , and Johnson violated the normal editing process when they changed the headline . The newspaper 's decision to terminate Johnson had nothing to do with the content of the editorial , which criticized the president 's job creation ideas and Chattanooga 's Smart Grid . The Free Press page has often printed editorials critical of the president and their policies .
They violated the editing process ? That 's not what Johnson says :
The policy I `` broke '' did not exist when I `` broke '' it . It was created after people complained about the headline & was applied retroactively . — Drew Johnson ( @ Drews_Views ) August 1 , 2013
Any time the paper wanted to change the headline online ( which is how most people read the editorial ) , they could 've . — Drew Johnson ( @ Drews_Views ) August 1 , 2013
There 's more where that came from on their Twitter feed , where they mention that he 's getting married in two weeks — something that must have been known inside the paper but evidently did n't deter them from exacting the death penalty instead of suspending them for a few days . And of course , as usually happens when the Internet notices that someone 's paid a steep price for their political leanings , people on Johnson 's side are rallying to him . News of their firing is linked on Drudge as I write this ; he 'll be on Glenn Beck 's Blaze network tonight at 6 p.m. too . With any luck , some righty media outlet will snap them up before the week 's out .
Exit question : Since when are Tennesseans shy about telling Obama to shove it ?
Almost every rally during Donald Trump 's campaign for president featured two bogeymen who were harming the United States and who would be put in their place if they were elected : Mexico and China .
Trump 's only comment about the country north of the border during that campaign was when a Canadian reporter asked them if they were also advocating a wall between the U.S. and Canada .
`` I love Canada , '' Trump replied .
And yet , since taking office in January and appointing Wilbur Ross as secretary of commerce , Canada has received more attention . While the U.S. has taken some trade action against China , and one minor step against Mexico , the heaviest hits have been aimed at Canada .
In July , the U.S. Commerce Department imposed a 19.52 per cent countervailing duty on emulsion styrene-butadiene rubber from Mexico . Punished alongside Mexico were rubber producers in Brazil , Korea and Poland .
The duty will hardly cripple Mexico 's economy ; the value of the entire U.S.-Mexican trade in this obscure product is a mere $ 23 million .
China fared somewhat worse , or at least , Chinese producers of cold-drawn mechanical tubing , tool chests , aluminum foil , carton-closing staples and a chemical called 1-hydroxyethylidene-1 , 1-diphosphonic acid ( HEDP ) fared worse . All were slapped with countervailing duties .
The total value to China of trade in all of those products combined is $ 1.77 billion .
Bombardier employees work on a CSeries 300 jet at the company 's plant in Mirabel , Que . last month . Bombardier faces duties of almost 300 per cent to export its CSeries commercial jet into the U.S. market . ( Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press )
How does that compare to the beating Canada has taken ?
The value of Canada 's softwood lumber exports to the U.S. alone is estimated at $ 5.66 billion . The contract between Bombardier and Delta Air Lines , now threatened by tariffs and duties imposed on the Canadian company , is also thought to be about $ 5 billion .
None of the actions the Trump administration has taken against any of its trading partners have caused the same kind of pain as its actions against Canada .
Sweet deal for Mexican sugar ?
While Canada negotiates to save the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) under the shadow of an ongoing softwood lumber dispute , Mexico has been able to set aside its own perennial irritant with the U.S. : sugar .
In many ways , the dispute between Mexican and U.S. sugar producers mirrors the softwood lumber battle with Canada .
Both disputes date back to the beginning of NAFTA . As with softwood , the sugar dispute has been through a series of negotiations , in which the U.S. pressures Mexico to accept conditions that amount to a system of managed trade intended to protect U.S. producers and refiners .
This year , the Trump administration pressed Mexico to reopen the last agreement , reached in 2014 , and accept more restrictive conditions .
Mexico was forced to make concessions , and yet it fared better than Canada , which was not offered the option of softwood renegotiations and was simply slapped with duties .
Moreover , the U.S. Department of Commerce was willing to resist pressures from U.S. industry , announcing a deal over the opposition of the American Sugar Alliance .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Mexico Secretary of the Economy Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal shake hands in June in Washington after meeting about Mexico sugar exports . ( Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press )
With Canada it 's been a different story . The Department of Commerce took the position of the U.S. lumber coalition almost to the decimal point .
There was a difference in tone too . Announcing the sugar deal with Mexico , Ross said they were `` glad all parties have agreed that the new sugar agreement is fair and addresses the shortcomings of the original deal .
`` Thank you to our industry partners , as well as our Mexican counterparts , for their hard work , '' they said .
The day their department imposed a tariff on Canadian lumber imports , they issued an indignant statement that also referenced a dispute over U.S. dairy exports to Canada :
`` This is not our idea of a properly functioning free trade agreement . ''
The gap between rhetoric and action has n't gone unnoticed in the U.S. A New York Times headline last week pointed out that `` Trump Talks Tough on China and Mexico , but Trade Actions Hit Canada . ''
What 's going on ?
Trade experts on both sides of the border have speculated that one reason for aggressive U.S. trade actions against Canada is to create bargaining chips for NAFTA renegotiations .
So , why is n't the U.S. working equally hard to create new bargaining chips with Mexico ?
Canadian trade consultant Peter Clark led many Canadian trade negotiations as a public servant and was special trade advisor to the parliamentary committee on implementation of the Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement .
They said the answer is simple : The Americans fear Mexico more than Canada .
`` They think they can probably get us to react favourably , without the type of retaliation they think they would be sure to get from the Mexicans . The Mexicans have hit and hurt them before , and they would be sure to do it again . ''
Blake Hurst , a corn and soybean farmer and president of the Missouri Farm Bureau , stands by a corn silo on their farm in Westboro , Mo . ( Nati Harnik/Associated Press )
Mexico is the biggest export market for America 's top agricultural product : corn . And while Mexico ca n't unilaterally block U.S. corn imports under NAFTA , it buys its corn in government-supervised block purchases and it is free to buy wherever it wishes .
Already Mexico has increased corn purchases from Argentina and Brazil , causing politicians from the U.S. corn belt , like Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley , to warn the Trump administration against any further provocation .
Mexican officials have shown considerable skill in past trade disputes , targeting their trade actions in order to apply pain to particular regions and segments of the U.S. economy they feel are leading the protectionist charge against them .
`` It 's been pretty clear in our informal discussions with them that they 'd do it again , '' said Clark .
And , they said , Mexican officials also do n't hesitate to use issues that have nothing to do with trade to make their points , including threats to abandon co-operation with the U.S. on important issues such as interdicting drugs or stopping the flow of Central American migrants through Mexico to the U.S. border .
`` The Mexicans can get pretty extreme , '' said Clark .
Canadian hardball
Clark 's view is that Canada could benefit from ditching its polite and reasonable approach and imitating Mexico 's more hard-nosed tactics , targeting the elected officials who are pushing a protectionist agenda .
`` There are 25 key supporters of the U.S. Lumber Coalition . I would go after each of those senators , and start to make life miserable for the exporters from their state . ''
To get around the NAFTA prohibition on open retaliation , Clark suggests following the example of 1980s Liberal trade minister Ed Lumley .
`` When Lumley could n't get anywhere trying to moderate the flow of Japanese cars coming into Canada , they simply ordered customs at Vancouver to inspect the cars one-by-one as they were unloaded . ''
`` There 's no specific rules you have to break . You just have to be anally bureaucratic . ''
Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump declared the opioid epidemic a national public health emergency on Thursday , telling an audience in the East Room of the White House that `` we can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic . ''
`` This epidemic is a national health emergency , '' they said . `` Nobody has seen anything like what is going on now . ''
They added : `` As Americans , we can not allow this to continue . It is time to liberate our communities from this scourge of drug addiction . Never been this way . We can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic . We can do it . ''
Trump , in a wide-ranging speech about opioids , stressed the need for further enforcement and linked their planned wall along the US-Mexico border with efforts to stem the tide of illegal drugs coming into the United States .
`` An astonishing 90 % of the heroin in America comes from south of the border -- where we will be building a wall -- which will greatly help in this problem , '' they said .
Some experts are skeptical about the wall 's ability to fight the problem , given its roots in painkillers prescribed by doctors in the United States .
Trump also stressed the need to crack down on those Americans who are buying illegal drugs , stressing the need to link enforcement with stopping abuse in the first place .
`` Every person who buys illicit drugs here in America should know that they are risking their futures , their families and even their lives , '' they said . `` Illegal drug use is not a victimless crime . There is nothing admirable , positive or socially desirable about it . ''
Trump 's move is different from the broad order the President previewed over the last few months . On Thursday , the President directed acting Health Secretary Eric Hargan to declare a public health emergency under the Public Health Services Act -- which directs federal agencies to provide more grant money to combat the epidemic -- not a national emergency through the Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act .
The difference between the two orders is money and scope . If Trump had used the Stafford Act , the federal government would have been able to tap into funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's Disaster Relief Fund to combat opioids . A senior administration official , however , said the designation was not the right fit because the FEMA money is meant for natural disasters , not health emergencies .
Under the Public Health Services Act designation , no additional federal funding will automatically be directed to the crisis , said an official , but federal agencies will be directed to devote more grant money already in their budget to the problem and take `` action to overcome bureaucratic delays and inefficiencies in the hiring process , '' according to a fact sheet on Trump 's order .
The Trump administration will work with Congress to fund the Public Health Emergency fund and to increase federal funding in year-end budget deals currently being negotiated in Congress .
Trump called for creativity in trying to fight the opioid epidemic , even suggesting a `` really tough , really big , really great '' advertising campaign that would aim to convince people never to do drugs in the first place . That sort of strategy advocates for targeting kids and young adults with anti-drug messaging , evocative of the `` Just Say No '' ad campaign of the 1980s and early 1990s .
The President also personalized their message , telling the audience of Cabinet officials , lawmakers and families affected by the opioid epidemic that their older brother Fred Trump Jr. 's struggle with alcoholism taught them about curbing addiction .
`` I had someone who guided me and they had a very , very tough life because of alcohol , '' they said , adding that reaching young people and urging them never to start using drugs will make it `` really , really easy '' to fight the scourge .
Administration officials , pressed as to why Trump did n't declare a nation disaster to combat the crisis , pushed back against the idea that Trump 's order is less sweeping than what they promised .
`` Under the Stafford Act , as unfortunately we have seen on multiple occasions over the last several months , the Stafford Act is deigned to respond to mostly natural disasters that are ( of a ) very short time duration and a specific geographic region , '' one official said , adding that the Trump administration believed the order under the Public Health Services Act is `` a better use . ''
Trump 's order will last 90 days and , according to another official , can be renewed every 90 days until the President believes it is no longer needed .
Since 1999 , the number of American overdose deaths involving opioids has quadrupled . From 2000 to 2015 , more than 500,000 people died of drug overdoses , and opioids account for the majority of those . Recently released numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that around 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2016 .
Trump , after campaigning for president in part on fighting the scourge of opioid addiction , has long teased sweeping action .
The President told reporters in August that they would designate the epidemic a `` national emergency '' but failed to follow through . The lack of action , treatment advocates said , has deprived the fight against the deadly drugs a designation that would offer states and federal agencies more resources and power .
During an impromptu press conference in the White House Rose Garden last week , Trump said that they would officially declare the national emergency when asked why they had not followed through with their initial pledge .
And speaking with reporters on the South Lawn of the White House on Wednesday , Trump said they would have a `` very big meeting on opioids '' on Thursday and will be declaring the opioid epidemic a national emergency `` in the very near future . ''
Public health emergency vs. national emergency
The primary difference between the two designations is access to funding .
The designation Trump will announce Thursday does not allow the federal government to tap into FEMA 's Disaster Relief Fund and it is an open question whether Congress will offer more money to fund the Public Health Emergency fund , which Congress has not funded in recent years .
But multiple Obama administration health officials told CNN that they believe using the Public Health Services Act is the more appropriate avenue .
Using FEMA funds to combat the opioid crisis would be `` a little bit like asking an engineer to bake a cake , '' said Rafael Lemaitre , the former communications director for the White House Drug Policy Office under Obama .
`` I do think the public health service act is more appropriate route to take than the Stafford Act designation , '' they said . `` I worked at FEMA for two years and dealt with multiple disasters . The Stafford Act is not structured to deal with a long term , complicated public health crisis like the opioid crisis . ''
Lemaitre added that FEMA 's fund is `` already running on fumes because of the three hurricanes '' that hit this year .
Tom Coderre , a former senior official under in Obama 's Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration office at HHS , echoed that sentiment .
`` One of the things that I think is the most beneficial part of having a public health emergency is you really can marshal public support and then you can bring all the resources of the federal government to bear on it , bringing people from all of the agencies to combat the issue , '' they said .
Though both Lemaitre and Coderre said this step was important , both argued that it was not a `` silver bullet solution to the opioid crisis . '' That , they said , would be additional funding from Congress .
`` A smarter play here would be for the administration to move beyond this declaration and pass the billions in funding needed to address this crisis . That is how you move the needle on this , '' Lemaitre said .
2016 election
Shortly after taking office , Trump convened a White House commission to study the problem and provide recommendations . Earlier this year , despite then-Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price saying it was n't needed , the commission recommended Trump declares a national emergency using either the Public Health Services Act or the Stafford Act .
`` I commend the President on the bold action they are taking today by adopting the first recommendation '' the commission made , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie , the head of the panel , said Thursday .
The business person-turned-politician made combating the opioid epidemic a top priority during the 2016 campaign .
The issue was elevated to such importance that during the closing moments of Trump 's 2016 campaign -- when time is at its most precious -- the Republican nominee headlined an opioid roundtable where they met face-to-face with those directly impacted by the issue .
`` I just want to let the people of New Hampshire know that I 'm with you 1,000 % , you really taught me a lot , '' they said before promising to help people who `` are so seriously addicted . ''
Their actions as president , though , have left even members of their own commission with concerns .
Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy , a member of the President 's commission on opioid addiction , told CNN on Wednesday that they worry the President and their administration are using the opioid epidemic for photo ops .
`` We do n't want any more photo-ops , '' the former Democratic member of congress from Rhode Island said . `` I 'm just speaking as an advocate , in this fight every single day as someone who is in recovery and someone who is an advocate . We do n't want any more visits to rehab centers and photo-ops , saying how courageous we are . Enough already . We want to save lives . ''
Image caption Jubilant crowds thronged Cairo 's Tahrir Square to celebrate President Morsi 's move against the military
The announcement that Egypt 's armed forces chief Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi and their number two , Gen Sami Annan , were being forced to retire caught the nation by surprise .
In total , seven members of the military 's top brass were removed from their posts .
At a late afternoon news conference shown on state television , the presidential spokesperson also stated that a controversial constitutional declaration issued in June had been cancelled .
It was an attempt by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ( Scaf ) , when it was still ruling the country , to limit the president 's powers .
This move will enter history Omar Ashour , Middle East expert
`` This move will enter history as a significant shift in the civil-military balance of power towards the civilian side , '' says Omar Ashour , a Middle East expert at the Brookings Doha Centre and Exeter University .
`` This is the first time in Egypt 's political history that an elected civilian politician overrules the decisions of the heads of the military establishment . ''
What is not clear is whether President Mohammed Morsi co-ordinated their actions with the armed forces .
Some analysts have suggested that they must have got the agreement of Field Marshal Tantawi and Gen Annan as it was said that they would continue to act as their advisers .
'Constitutionally correct '
Image caption President Morsi 's move was triggered by an attack in the Sinai which saw 16 Egyptian soldiers killed
It also seems clear that other members of the Scaf gave their approval . Gen Abdul Fattah al-Sisi , who has already been sworn in as the new defence minister , replacing Field Marshal Tantawi , sat on the council as the former head of military intelligence .
Questions have been asked about Mr Morsi 's constitutional powers to act . But a retired brigadier general , Ayman Salama , who is also an expert on international law says they went about things correctly .
`` He went about this in a constitutional way by cancelling the constitutional declaration in order to make these decisions , '' they told the BBC .
The new measures take effect just as Egypt 's armed forces are involved in their biggest deployment in the Sinai region for decades .
They were unprepared for an attack there last week that saw 16 Egyptian border guards killed by militants .
Mr Morsi appears to be seizing on that failure - which shocked the public - to take their decisive political action .
Speaking at an event for the Islamic holy month of Ramadan they insisted that they were not targeting `` certain individuals '' but was looking out for `` the country 's best interests '' , leaving the military to concentrate on its job of protecting the country .
Already large crowds of their supporters have returned to Tahrir Square in Cairo to celebrate the latest developments .
The front-page headline of Monday 's newspaper al-Tahrir is `` Morsi declares revolution against Scaf '' .
UFC stars are gaining an edge in MMA by managing their weight with Lou Giordano .
Giordano was a long time trainer that happened into MMA after meeting with The Ultimate Fighter finalist Eddie Gordon . Upon hearing their particular weight cutting method , Giordano set out to educate fighters on proper weight management methods . Word about Giordano and their services quickly spread through the MMA community .
To date , Giordano has worked with Andrei Arlovski , Johny Hendricks , and Jon Jones to name a few . Aside from their services , Giordano has earned notoriety from their beef with their contemporary , Mike Dolce .
Cage Pages caught up with Giordano to get a little more information on what makes them different from their competition .
Giordano started out by explaining their foray into MMA training .
“ I 've been in the health and fitness industry for 16 years . I started working in gyms , you know big box gyms , running training departments and you know doing that . My brother started sponsoring local fighters . We live in New Jersey . We went to a couple local events in Atlantic City , at that time they had met Eddie “ Truck ” Gordon , who won season 19 of The Ultimate Fighter , and started sponsoring him , and I got to meet them through my brother . ”
From there Giordano learned of Eddie 's weight cutting methods and felt inclined to offer some professional help .
“ When Eddie would tell me how much weight they would cut I was amazed . I did n't think people in this sport still cut weight the same way we did 20 years ago . We started talking and we agreed after their last fight that I would help him . Based on how I helped him , how they looked , and how they felt , it kind of sparked in me that I could really help a lot of people in this industry and that 's kind of what drummed it up . After Eddie I helped with Aljamain Sterling for a fight , and then after Aljamain , I helped Jorge Masivdal for a fight . This was all remotely , you know , I was n't with them . It was all over the phone , with them sending me pictures of their food and me helping them out . ”
After Giordano 's success working remotely , they put their name in the hat to work with some of the biggest names in the UFC .
“ After Masvidal I did an interview-I actually think it was with Cage Pages , I ca n't remember it was such a long time ago , offering my services to Johny Hendricks and BJ Penn because I 'm not necessarily a fan of Mike Dolce 's work . I don '' t say anything negative about them as a person , because I do n't know them as a person , but I 'm not a fan of what they do with these athletes . I offered to help Johny and BJ Penn because those are two of my favorite fighters and fighters who spoke publicly about not being happy with him . MY PR rep Bryan Levick texted Johny Hendricks , Johny read it , we spoke three days later and then I flew out to them five days later . I 've been working with them ever since . After Johny Hendricks I got teamed up with Jon Jones . After Jon Jones , Andrei Arlovski . After him , BJ Penn . ”
Besides managing fighters ' weights , Giordano has written out strength and conditioning programs for a few MMA fighters as well .
“ It 's funny , I actually have a degree in exercise science . I started as a trainer , worked my way up through the industry as a trainer almost 16 years ago . I did some work in a physical therapist 's office , rehabbing and rehabilitation and stuff like that , and various certifications in the health and fitness industry . I 'm a certified weight management specialist , which does allow me to run meal plans and manage people 's weights . I do put some of my guys on weight training regiments depending on who they 're working with , if they have an SC program already . I will design cardio routines for them as well if they do n't . A guy like Jose Shorty Torres ( Titan FC bantamweight ) , he 's one of my favorite fighters to work with . He 's 2-0 as a pro . We 've been working together for this last 2 fights . I 'm helping them with their weight training and their cardio , plus their food . We 're actually going down a weight class to 25 . Their last two fights were at 35 . It just depends on what my guy needs . I 'm the type of person that if I 'm with somebody I try to do everything I can to help them . I 'm not there to just cook a pretty plate of food and post it on my Instagram so , you know , it gets a bunch of likes because the plate is pretty . ”
When most people hear of Giordano , Dolce , George Lockhart , or anyone else in that field , they think they are just dietitians . With that in mind we asked Giordano to explain what makes their services different .
“ This could also go towards another big difference between Dolce , and the other guy that does what I do . The one common thing that I find is that when they create a program for somebody , or when they put them on a diet if that 's what they do , you know , I 've had people say , ‘ Well you have me eating onions , and I do n't like onions . I despise onions . Can I swap out onions ? ' And both guys have said no . One guy said put some salt and pepper on it . To me , you ca n't preach lifestyle change if you 're forcing guys to eat foods they do n't enjoy . That 's not lifestyle change , that 's torture . So what I do is based off of their pallet . Based off of the food they like and they enjoy , I then start to manipulate a realistic meal plan , and show them that they can still eat a lot of the food they enjoy while still being on the right structured program to help their weight come down , and their strength go up . The other thing is that , I 've actually learned recently , and I said this in another interview . One guy asked me , ‘ Why would I hire you versus them ? ' If you 're a fighter who 's going to dehydrate yourself to make weight , as many fighters do , and these other guys that do what I do also help their fighters dehydrate themselves to make weight , water loading and all this stuff . If you 're a fighter who 's going to dramatically dehydrate yourselves to make weight , and then you need a rehydration formula , I 'm not the guy for you . I 'm not the guy to call . That 's not what I do . I do n't rehydrate guys that are dramatically dehydrated . I hydrate guys that are still hydrated when they make weight . It 's very different . ”
With Dolce specifically , Giordano has had a relatively colorful relationship in the past . Before ending our chat , Giordano went into the specifics of what makes them a valuable asset , compared to Dolce , in their opinion .
“ Man , I do n't think it 's one thing . I think it 's many things , personally , but if I had to try to narrow it down as best as I can : For one I 'm the guy that 's actually doing the meal plans . I know Dolce has made it public that they have a team of registered dietitians that make up their programs . I 'm not too sure as to what it is that they actually do . I do know because I 've spoken with a lot of fighters that have worked with him . In my opinion , they do extreme weight cutting . You know 20-plus pounds during fight week . To me that 's extreme , and I do n't do that . They do extreme weight cutting . They put them on diets , I help change their lives by teaching them how to manage their weight by putting them on diets year round . The other thing is I 'm with them when they win , and when they lose . I know that they ca n't say the same thing . Once again I have n't had a guy come out yet , other than Mike Dolce , talk negative about me . Mike 's been very vocal about me being a criminal , and that I should be thrown in jail . All of my guys have not said one negative thing about me . I guess I 'm doing something right . You know , I 'm going from fighter to fighter . If I 'm doing something so bad after Johny Hendricks , then I do n't know if Jon Jones , the best fighter in the world , would have hired me . Or Andrei Arlovski . Or BJ Penn . ”
Next : Anthony Pettis : Five Opponents for Featherweight Debut
There are arguments for and against anyone 's training methods , but after talking to Giordano one ca n't say they are n't passionate . The man speaks with a sincere desire to help their athletes help themselves . To learn more about Giordano and their services , follow them on Instagram , Facebook and Twitter-you 'll get more than pretty pictures of food .
Sources tell Billboard they will perform without guests , plus more halftime details .
Contrary to rumors that Lady Gaga was told they must avoid discussing politics during their upcoming Super Bowl halftime performance , a source familiar with the situation tells Billboard this is not the case .
On Tuesday ( Jan. 17 ) , Entertainment Tonight reported that Gaga would not be permitted to say anything about the presidential election or mention Donald Trump , but an insider says , `` It 's bullshit . ''
A rep for the NFL told ET this was `` nonsense from people trying to stir up controversy where there is none . ... The Super Bowl is a time when people really come together . Lady Gaga is focused on putting together an amazing show for fans and we love working with them on it ; we are n't going to be distracted by this . ''
Lady Gaga was very public with their support for Hillary Clinton during the presidential election and even protested outside Trump Tower in New York City following their victory .
Billboard has also learned that Gaga will be taking the Super Bowl halftime stage on Feb. 5 without any guest appearances , breaking from what 's become an unofficial tradition .
The pop superstar will be only the eighth performer in the halftime show 's history to perform without guests -- and it 's not for lack of solid connections . Them the latest album , Joanne , was chock-full of notable guest performers and producers , including Mark Ronson , Beck , Florence Welch of Florence + the Machine , Tame Impala 's Kevin Parker , Father John Misty and Queens of the Stone Age 's Josh Homme , though none of them have the same mainstream recognition as , say , Beyoncé and Bruno Mars , who joined headliners Coldplay last year .
Leading up to the big game , Gaga has been documenting their preparation on Instagram . They even said they built a tent in their backyard with a dance floor to practice them routine .
WASHINGTON — The ‘ ‘ shackles '' gone , Donald Trump stepped up their fierce attacks on their own party leaders Tuesday , promising to teach Republicans who oppose them a lesson and fight for the presidency ‘ ‘ the way I want to . ''
‘ ‘ I 'm just tired of non-support '' from leaders of the party they represent on the presidential ticket , Trump said Tuesday evening on Fox News Channel 's ‘ ‘ The O'Reilly Factor . '' They saved special ire for House Speaker Paul Ryan , who told Republicans Monday he 'll no longer campaign for Trump with four weeks to go before Election Day .
‘ ‘ I do n't want their support , I do n't care about their support , '' Trump said .
Advertisement
With their campaign floundering and little time to steady it , the business person reverted to the combative , divisive strategy that propelled them to victory in the GOP primary : Attack every critic — including fellow Republicans . Those close to Trump suggested it was ‘ ‘ open season '' on every detractor , regardless of party .
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
‘ ‘ It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to , '' Trump said in a tweet that brought new concern — near panic in some cases — to a party trying to stave off an all-out civil war before Nov. 8 .
In another series of tweets , the Republican nominee called House Speaker Paul Ryan ‘ ‘ weak and ineffective , '' Sen. John McCain ‘ ‘ very foul-mouthed '' and ‘ ‘ disloyal '' Republicans ‘ ‘ far more difficult than Crooked Hillary . ''
‘ ‘ They come at you from all sides , '' Trump declared . ‘ ‘ They do n't know how to win — I will teach them ! ''
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide ( every poll ) , it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016
Our very weak and ineffective leader , Paul Ryan , had a bad conference call where their members went wild at their disloyalty . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016
One tweet complained that Democrats are ‘ ‘ far more loyal to each other than the Republicans ! '' Another was celebratory : ‘ ‘ It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to . ''
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016
Disloyal R 's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary . They come at you from all sides . They don ? t know how to win - I will teach them ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016
Advertisement
Trump also blasted Sen. John McCain , the 2008 Republican standard-bearer and another critic .
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during their primary ( I gave , they won ) , then dropped me over locker room remarks ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016
Rage against fellow Republicans from the face of the 2016 GOP exposed a party slipping from mere feuding into verbal warfare with advance voting already underway in roughly half the states . Polls suggest Trump is headed toward a loss of historic proportions if they do n't turn things around .
Their scorched-earth approach , days after their sexual predatory language caught on tape triggered a mass Republican defection , threatened to alienate even more supporters .
‘ ‘ Fighting for the sake of fighting is not really very helpful , '' said former Trump adviser Barry Bennett .
Trump has acknowledged the possibility of defeat in recent days , but on Tuesday they tried to shift the blame for their struggles on Republican defections and an election system that may be ‘ ‘ rigged '' against him . On Monday , they warned of potential voter fraud in heavily African-American Philadelphia , a claim for which there is no evidence but one that could challenge Americans ' faith in a fair democratic process .
Advertisement
At the same time , Trump 's campaign is considering whether to feature Bill Clinton accusers at their upcoming rallies . Trump shocked the political world before Sunday 's debate by appearing with several women who had accused the former president of sexual impropriety decades earlier .
The aggressive shift is in line with the philosophy of recently hired campaign chaiman Steve Bannon , whose conservative website has long fueled attacks on Republican leaders and perpetuated popular conservative conspiracy theories .
The approach has done little to endear Trump to anxious party leaders . At least 40 Republican senators and members of congress have revoked their support for the embattled Republican nominee — with nearly 30 of them urging them to quit the race altogether .
Republican Speaker Ryan , in a Monday conference call with congressional Republicans , said they would no longer campaign with Trump . They said they would focus instead on ensuring Clinton does n't get a ‘ ‘ blank check '' with a Democratic-controlled Congress , all but conceding that Trump would lose the presidential contest .
Trump 's running mate Mike Pence said in an interview with NBC Tuesday that they were ‘ ‘ disappointed '' by the defections and ‘ ‘ respectfully '' disagreed with Ryan .
Yet Trump 's aggressive shift is popular among their most loyal supporters who continue to flock to their rallies by the thousands .
Megan Johnston , 54 , shrugged off their sexually aggressive comments in the 2005 video and pointed at Democrat Hillary Clinton 's shortcomings .
‘ ‘ He said what they said and they apologized . They should be in jail , '' Johnston said during a rally near Pittsburgh .
At a rally in Newton , Iowa , Pence received multiple standing ovations and was thanked at one point for sticking with Trump — a sign of just how badly Trump has faltered .
‘ ‘ You ... just got my respect for not jumping and bailing out on Donald Trump , '' the questioner said .
Another woman told Pence they were concerned about widespread voter fraud and warned that , if Clinton wins , ‘ ‘ I am ready for a revolution . ''
‘ ‘ Do n't say that , '' Pence responded .
As the GOP battled itself , Clinton focused on climate change in swing state Florida alongside former Vice President Al Gore .
Gore , whose 2006 documentary ‘ ‘ An Inconvenient Truth '' focused on global warming , said Clinton would ‘ ‘ make solving the climate crisis a top national priority . ''
While Trump devoted much of their fire to fellow Republicans on Tuesday , they did not ignore their Democratic opponent .
Their campaign released a new ad that focuses on Clinton 's recent bout with pneumonia . The ad features images of masked gunmen and nuclear weapons as a sick Clinton stumbles toward a vehicle .
‘ ‘ Hillary Clinton does n't have the fortitude , strength or stamina to lead in our world , '' the narrator declares .
Meanwhile , Trump 's campaign and the Republican National Committee declared that hacked emails released by WikiLeaks on Tuesday showed collusion between the Clinton campaign and the Department of Justice during a civil investigation into the former secretary of state 's email server .
The evidence does indicate there was communication between the two about a court hearing date . But such dates are not inside information . They would have been publicly posted in advance on the court 's docket .
The emails show that in May 2015 , Clinton spokesperson Brian Fallon alerted other staffers that the Justice Department was proposing to publish Clinton 's work-related emails by January in response to requests by news organizations . Fallon , a former Justice Department spokesperson , wrote that unspecified ‘ ‘ DOJ folks '' told them there was a court hearing planned soon in the case .
The name and email address of the person who shared the information with Fallon had been deleted .
Demonstrator condemns Trump 's moves on reproductive rights and environment from 300ft in the air as they support 70ft banner
Activists from Greenpeace unfurled a 70ft banner inscribed with the word “ resist ” near the White House on Wednesday morning .
Speaking from a crane 300ft in the air , where they were holding a rope keeping the banner up , Pearl Robinson , 26 , described their view to the Guardian : “ I can see the White House , where we now have a president who does n't have the interests of the majority of the people . ”
Keystone pipeline will create just 35 permanent jobs . Do n't believe the lies | Congressman Raul M Grijalva Read more
The anti-Trump activist called the message “ all-encompassing . We want Donald to know that we wo n't stand for the crony capitalism , for the assault on women 's reproductive rights and the assault on the environment . ”
The activists are on a crane parked at a construction site about three blocks from the president 's home . From the Ellipse park , it looks like the banner is hanging directly over the White House .
“ It was a little chilly this morning when we arrived at the crane site but it was a lot chillier in the Oval Office when President Trump decided to sign those executive orders reinstating the Keystone pipeline , reinstating the North Dakota pipeline , taking women 's right to choose away from them and we hear today they will be signing a landmark immigration law that will limit people of the Muslim faith entering the country . We are out here with a message today that says : resist , ” said activist and Greenpeace board chairperson Karen Topakian in a live video feed .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Greenpeace banner behind the White House . Photograph : Ken Cedeno/Greenpeace
Yesterday , Donald Trump signed executive orders reviving the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipeline , both projects that had been blocked by the Obama administration after huge protests warning of the environmental implications . Republicans are pushing a “ heartbeat bill ” in Congress this week in an attempt to overthrow Roe V Wade and Trump signed an executive order on Monday banning NGOs who receive US funding from performing or giving information about abortions .
On Tuesday , Trump put a gag order on the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Agriculture , banning the release of any information to the public or journalists . Several national park social media accounts began tweeting facts about climate change .
FORT WORTH -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. has made a career out of achieving top speeds on their Sunday drives .
But NASCAR 's most popular driver went a bit too fast this time , on their way to the Sprint Cup race at Texas Motor Speedway .
Fiancee Amy Reimann tweeted a photo of an officer giving Earnhardt a written warning for speeding en route to the AAA Texas 500 . The news first was reported by The Associated Press .
No word from Earnhardt 's passenger on how fast they were going .
They have been out of the car since mid-July and will miss half of this season after suffering a concussion and dealing with symptoms . They have said they are planning to return to the No . 88 Chevrolet for the Daytona 500 next year .
Meanwhile , they have made appearances at the track , atop the pit box and in the TV booth for NBC .
Contributing : The Associated Press
Physicians for Human Rights published a report on Wednesday detailing the extreme hardship that asylum-seekers in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula experience while on their journey to cross into Israel .
Of the asylum-seekers that were treated at the organization 's open-door medical clinic , 59 percent reported that they were imprisoned during part of their journey and 52 percent said that they experienced serious violence .
An East African refugee , February 25 , 2008 . AP
The organization accumulated the statistics from interviews that it conducted with 284 asylum-seekers between the months of October 2010 and January 2011 .
Groups of asylum-seekers making their way to Israel via Sinai are held against their will by slave traders in torture camps in the area of El-Arish , the report said . The slave traders demand ransoms for their release .
In order to apply pressure on the relatives of the prisoners , the smugglers phone them and allow them to hear the screams of their family members . Ransoms are then demanded of them in exchange for their relatives ' continued safe passage to Israel .
Abuses committed against the asylum-seekers include having food and water withheld from them , being slapped , punched and kicked , being buried in sand , being burned with hot irons , being shocked with electricity , being hung in the air from their hands or feet , and being sexually assaulted and raped .
The investigation into the violence began a year ago after eyewitness reports began to filter in at the Physicians for Human Rights clinic in Israel that serves 700 refugees and immigrants every month .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Gradually , the doctors became aware of the increasing incidence of refugees requesting abortions . In conversation , the asylum-seekers confessed that they had been raped on the way to Israel . The organization then drew up a questionnaire and began to present it to new arrivals at the clinic that enter Israel via Sinai .
The survey respondents revealed that 59 % of them were held captive in crowded conditions or tied up to one another . 15 % of the respondents still bear physical scars as a result of the tortures that they underwent .
44 % of the asylum-seekers state that while held captive in the Sinai , they witnessed violence perpetrated upon other captives , sometimes lethal violence . 88 % of respondents said that they were held under starvation conditions , deprived of food . 66 % complained of having water withheld from them .
Officials in Israel are ignoring the problem and are preventing the issuing of residency status to the political asylum-seekers . The organization is calling upon the Health Minister to apply the National Health Insurance Law to the asylum-seekers residing in Israel , regardless of their civil status .
Similarly , they are calling upon the Social Affairs Minister to establish rights and responsibilities for the asylum-seekers , according to the National Health Insurance Law .
According to additional information obtained by Physicians for Human Rights from the organization Agenzia Habeshia ( Abyssinian Agency ) , 190 citizens of Eritrea and Ethiopia are held in two torture camps in the Sinai . Their captors are demanding ransom payments of up to $ 10,000 in exchange for the captives .
Reports from these camps include accounts of mass sexual assault and gang rape . Physicians for Human Rights believes that there are several more torture camps just like this in northeastern Sinai .
Saturday Nov 09 , 2013
CouchDB will go multilingual - looking for contributors !
The Apache CouchDB project is pleased to announce the creation of a localization team . The l10n @ couchdb.apache.org mailing list has been set up to cover everything l10n- and i18n-related in Apache CouchDB .
The first steps will be to set up some tools to enable easy translation of the documentation and ( at a later point ) the administration interface ( Futon/Fauxton ) . We are looking for people who want to help out . Would you like to read the CouchDB documentation in another language , and have some time to spare ? Please help out ! Bonus points if you have experience with translation or localization-related tools and best practices .
We 're just getting started : we have some ideas on how to get started , but we need more help . If you 're interested , please subscribe to l10n @ couchdb.apache.org and let us know !
Cheers from the Apache CouchDB I10n team
Posted at 09:58PM Nov 09 , 2013 by andywenk in News | |
If you have just started playing guitar , or if you are in the process of considering it , you have quite likely encountered one or more of these fears . I had some of these irrational fears myself . If you fear any of what you 'll read below , I have good news for you . What you 're afraid of is either not going to interfere at all in your musical journey , or at worst , is just a minor obstacle that can easily be overcome with the right practice .
My hands are too small/big/fat/short .
Jazz musician Django Reinhardt had two fingers missing while Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi lost the tip of two fingers in an accident . Even such huge obstacles did n't stop these amazing musicians from mastering their instrument and leaving their name in the annals of history . Do you think that having your fingers being short or fat should stop you from not only learning your instrument , but mastering it ?
Having hands or fingers that are of a particular shape may be beneficial when playing particular kinds of music , and in general having long fingers helps . But it 's a minor advantage . Learning guitar is much more about your mind sending the right messages to your hands than about the physical ability of your hands themselves .
I do n't have natural talent .
No one is born with a natural ability to play . Playing an instrument is learnt . What makes you a good musician is what you practice , how much you practice and how you approach the whole process , not something written in your genes .
Some people are born with a natural ability to learn things much more quickly than others , or have other ‘ gifts ' , which are the reason we have child prodigies . However , you can rest assured that behind every single unbelievably great eight-year-old guitar player going viral on Youtube there is sheer determination and thousands of hours of practice , no matter how many gifts that kid was born with .
Most successful musicians were not child prodigies . They were common people like you and me who had defined musical goals towards which they dedicated a lot of time and passion .
I do n't have a good ear .
Some of us are born with a good ear for music , that is , they find it easy to recognize notes from their sound without having had any training on it beforehand .
Many others , and this includes myself , are less lucky . This not a big deal . Like everything else the ear can be trained . With the right exercises , practiced regularly , those of us who were n't blessed with a “ good ear ” can develop an ear as good as anyone else 's .
I do n't have time to practice .
Is 10 minutes a day out of reach ?
Sure , if you can spend two hours a day practicing you will be able to reach your goals much faster , but with a little practice each day ( or most days ) you still can become good on a musical instrument . The key word is consistency . That you play regularly , even if for a short time . Hopefully when you 're less busy you 'll increase the time you spend practicing and improve even faster .
I 'm too old to learn an instrument .
Some ailments associated with getting older may prevent you from learning guitar . For instance , if you have arthritis in your fingers , playing guitar can get painful , and if you suffer from dementia , it 's going to be hard remembering what you learnt !
But unless you suffer from these and similar ailments , age is not and should not be an issue . You 'll be going through the same learning process you would have gone through if you were younger , and may even take better decisions along the way since you 've acquired more wisdom in life .
I hope that if you 're about to start learning playing guitar and have any of the fears mentioned above , I 've convinced you that some should just be ignored while others are simply things you have n't learnt yet !
If you 're still not convinced or have other fears you would like me to address , you can send me an email on [ email protected ] .
You may consider giving a donation , by which you will be helping a songwriter achieve their dreams . Each contribution , no matter how small , will make a difference .
EXCLUSIVE : Pierce Brosnan is returning to television as the lead of AMC 's upcoming drama series The Son . The former James Bond is replacing Sam Neill who had been originally cast in the role but left for personal reasons .
This marks only the second major TV series gig for Brosnan three decades after their starring role on the 1982 NBC adventure dramedy Remington Steele .
Based on the book by Philipp Meyer and written by Meyer , Lee Shipman and Brian McGreevy , The Son is a multi-generational epic tale of the story of America 's birth as a superpower through the bloody rise and fall of one Texas family .
Brosnan will play Eli , the charismatic patriarch of the McCullough family . As a child , they were kidnapped and raised among the Comanche Native American tribe and applies the brutal Comanche worldview to their business dealings . They were born on the day Texas became an independent Republic , earning the nickname “ First Son of Texas ” and is a relic of the Wild West , uneasy with the inexorable taming of Texas and the uncertain future of their legacy .
Kevin Murphy serves as executive producer/showrunner on the series , which has a 10-episode straight-to-series order . Tom Harper ( War & Peace ) is directing the opening episode of The Son , which begins production this month in Austin for a 2017 premiere .
Sonar Entertainment and AMC Studios are producing the series , which co-stars Henry Garrett , Zahn McClarnon , Paola Nunez and Sydney Lucas . Michael Connolly also executive produces .
Irish-American actor Brosnan recently completed filming The Foreigner , a Martin Campbell film co-starring Jackie Chan . Brosnan also stars in the upcoming thriller I.T . produced by their production company , Irish DreamTime , alongside Voltage Pictures and Friendly Films .
Last year Brosnan co-starred in the thriller No Escape alongside Owen Wilson and Lake Bell ; Survivor with Milla Jovovich ; and Some Kind Of Beautiful with Salma Hayek , Jessica Alba and Malcolm McDowell , which Brosnan also produced .
Bronsan is repped by CAA and attorneys Tom Hansen and Stewart Brookman .
Tom Greaves appointed new Manager at FC United
First Posted ~ 08:52 Tue 21 Nov 2017 News ID ~ 7684 Last Updated ~ 17:00 Fri 24 Nov 2017
108.8k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Republican Hillary Clinton email scandal is falling apart as the State Department confirmed that there was no policy against Clinton using private email .
Video :
On CNN 's New Day , State Department spokesperson John Kirby said , “ We have said in the past , Chris that there was no policy prohibiting the use of a private email account here at the State Department , and that is still a fact . Now , obviously , we have policies in place now that highly discourage that , and you are supposed to use your government account so that there is a constant , permanent record of it , but at the time they were not violating policy….I can tell you that there was no prohibition for their use of this , and we 've since changed the policy to discourage that greatly , and in fact , the policy is that you have to use your government account for business . ”
Kirby added that they did n't believe that the policy changed while they were Secretary of State , which means that Hillary Clinton was doing nothing wrong when they used private email .
In a recent interview , also on CNN , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-CA ) admitted that the number of emails that Republicans claim were classified information in Hillary Clinton 's email account was not accurate due to retroactive classification .
The great email scandal that Republicans hoped would destroy Hillary Clinton 's candidacy is heading down the same path as “ IRS scandal , ” the “ Benghazi scandal , ” and President Obama 's birth certificate .
The email scandal is being revealed as another in a long series of election-year stunts . Republicans are set to waste millions of taxpayer dollars on politically driven investigations into Clinton 's use of email , and their efforts are likely to result in nothing .
A CNN poll released last week revealed that voters do n't care about Hillary Clinton 's emails . Clinton still leads every Republican presidential candidate , and Republicans are now confronted with the reality that if Hillary Clinton did not violate any policies regarding the use of email , there is no scandal to investigate .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Just when the New York Red Bulls need them the most , Juan Agudelo seems ready to answer the call .
The young striker worked out with the first team during a practice session on Thursday as they inch closer to full health following their recent knee surgery , and head coach Hans Backe had some encouraging words about Agudelo 's status for the team 's matchup against the LA Galaxy on Saturday ( 8 pm ET , ESPN ) .
There 's also good news for the club on the defensive front , thanks to the potential return of Jan Gunnar Solli .
The clock is starting to tick for the LA Galaxy , meanwhile , who enter Saturday 's nationally televised matchup on short rest after a midweek loss in Seattle . Galaxy captain Landon Donovan made their stance on the club 's early start clear , saying the club needs to get in gear soon .
The Galaxy-Red Bulls game might make the biggest headlines this weekend , but do n't tell that to the Seattle Sounders . They 're on national television as well against the Philadelphia Union on Saturday ( 4:30 pm ET , NBC Sports Network ) , but they might be without a key component . Check out the latest on what could be an interesting situation in goal at CenturyLink Field .
Still ca n't get enough of that Fredy Montero wonder-goal from Wednesday night ? Neither could the folks at deadspin.com , who dubbed it a `` you can only do that in a video game '' highlight .
Sounders manager Sigi Schmid is no play-by-play man in the booth , but they did have an up-close look at the goal from the Seattle bench . They joined ExtraTime Radio on Thursday to talk about , among other things , perhaps the best goal he 's ever seen as an MLS head coach .
There are certainly a few storylines in play for the Seattle-Philadelphia matchup , but here 's an interesting one : the long and winding roads of Eddie and Freddy .
The MLS weekend slate kicks off tonight with another game under the Friday night lights , as the Chicago Fire head west to face Chivas USA ( 11 pm ET , ESPN Deportes ) . And while the Fire know they 'll play without suspended defender Jalil Anibaba and head coach Frank Klopas , they 'll also play without Chris Rolfe , who is still working their way back from an ankle injury .
Sean Johnson will certainly start in net for Chicago , but here 's an article that wonders whether or not the supposed future US star ( or their counterpart Bill Hamid with D.C. United ) is actually living up to expectations .
Chivas USA , meanwhile , will have their freshly minted teenage star José Erik Correa in the mix , and the Colombian striker says that he 's hopeful a career in MLS will help them stay on the radar for the Colombian national team .
Let 's look at another great matchup on Saturday , this one serving as Round 2 in a provocative series between the host Vancouver Whitecaps and the red-hot San Jose Earthquakes ( 7 pm ET , MLS Live ) . The Quakes won the first go-round already this season , and that game left what at least one ‘ Caps player says is “ a bitter taste ” in their mouth .
The Quakes ' solid play to open the season , meanwhile , has n't gone unnoticed in the Bay Area . Check out this report involving the world of ticket sales , which reveals how the Quakes are starting to make some real rumblings at the turnstiles .
Another Canadian side , the Montreal Impact , are back in action after a short week . They play at Sporting Kansas City on Saturday ( 8:30 pm ET , MLS Live ) . But the biggest news is that longtime Serie A stalwart Marco Di Vaio is reportedly on the club 's radar .
And look who else is finally in the picture for the Impact : it 's Nelson Rivas , who is expected to make their debut against SKC .
How about a debut of a different kind ? That honor belongs to Mike Fucito , the Hernando de Soto of the Seattle-Portland MLS rivalry . They could make their Timbers debut on Satuday against the Columbus Crew ( 10:30 pm ET , MLS Live ) , making them the first player to jump the Columbia River , if you will , in the MLS era .
FC Dallas have been hammered by injuries this season , and they learned of yet another one on Thursday , this one involving youngster Bobby Warshaw .
But it 's not all that bad for Schellas Hyndman 's group . Look who could be back when the team takes on the Colorado Rapids on Sunday ( 7 pm ET , Galavision ) .
Speaking of great goalkeepers , this post from Noah Davis at NBC Sports.com 's ProSoccerTalk wonders which is the tougher accomplishment : 100 wins , or 100 goals ?
Across the pond , there 's good news surrounding the health of US striker Jozy Altidore . While most feared that the AZ Alkmaar star had suffered a concussion during a league match in the Netherlands earlier this week , it turns out the prognosis is n't as bad as first expected .
Despite the injury , there 's optimism that Altidore will be called into the upcoming US camp in Orlando for a matchup against Scotland and Brazil later this month . Check out the video of Altidore 's scary fall here [ VIDEO ] .
And last but not least , the apparent suicide of former NFL star Junior Seau took the sports world by storm this week , and left more than a few fans wondering about the long-term effects of concussions for athletes .
Enter former MLSer and current ESPN soccer analyst Taylor Twellman , who 's been a frequent commenter regarding Seau . As you listen to this interview with Twellman with a Boston radio station ( AUDIO ) , you ca n't help but marvel at Twellman 's transition from being one of MLS ' best-ever goal scorers to one of the leading public figures in the conversation surrounding concussion awareness . It 's been an impressive and incredibly fast transition , and proof that Twellman 's new role of educating fans , media members , and players on the subject has become perhaps their most important goal ever .
MLSsoccer.com Must-Reads
ExtraTime Radio : Women 's United FC co-founder responds to controversy
The Throw-In : Why rebuilding a dynasty is the toughest job in sports
Gringo Report : Castillo stars for Tijuana
Get the The Kick Off delivered to you !
Enter your email address below to sign up for The Kick-Off mailing list and get it delivered to your inbox every morning .
E-mail :
People who hold more conservative views are usually seen as more attractive , a recent study revealed .
A study in the Journal of Public Economics determined that a person 's attractiveness correlates with their political beliefs , reports The Washington Post .
Right-leaning politicians from the United States , Europe and Australia were found to be more attractive , according to the study . The study showed people pictures of various politicians from the U.S. , Australia , Finland and Europe and asked them to rate the leaders on a five-point scale : very unattractive ( 1 ) , Below average ( 2 ) , Average ( 3 ) , Above average ( 4 ) , Very handsome or beautiful ( 5 ) .
The study also revealed that in certain elections where not much information is provided about candidates , Republican voters cared more about appearance than Democratic voters . In elections where a lot of information is known about the candidates , people tend to vote irrespective of appearance , the study said .
“ We show that in municipal elections , a beauty increase of one standard deviation attracts about 20 % more votes for the average non-incumbent candidate on the right and about 8 % more votes for the average non-incumbent candidate on the left , ” the study said .
The researchers suggested multiple reasons for this phenomenon . One such reason is that more attractive people view the world as “ fair . ”
“ A more general psychological explanation could be that good-looking people are more likely to perceive the world as a just place , since they are treated better than others achieve higher status and are happier and a frequent reason for people to sympathize with the left is a perception of the world as unfair , ” the study explained .
Follow Amber on Twitter
Send tips to amber @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
by Shantnu Tiwari basics data-science
I saw a sign at the gym yesterday that said , “ Children are getting fatter every decade ” . Below that sign stood a graph that basically showed that in five years the average English child will weigh as much as a tractor .
I found this claim slightly unbelievable , so I decided to investigate…
The Data
The data is taken from Data.gov.uk . We 'll be using the 2014 XLS file . Download it , and open it in your spreadsheet tool of choice .
Then navigate to sheet 7.2 , as it contains the data we are looking for :
Now , before we jump into analyzing the data with Pandas , let 's take a step back and address the elephant in the room : If you can perform the analysis/plotting in Excel , why would you use Python ?
Python vs Excel
Should I use Python or Excel ?
This question is often asked by people just starting out in data analysis . While Python may be popular with the programming community , Excel is much more prevalent in the wider world . Most officer managers , sales people , marketers , etc . use Excel - and there 's nothing wrong with that . It 's a great tool if you know how to use it well , and it has turned many non-technical people into expert analysts .
The answer to whether you should use Python or Excel is not an easy one to answer . But in the end , there is no either/or : Instead , you can use them together .
Excel is great for viewing data , performing basic analysis , and drawing simple graphs , but it really is n't suitable for cleaning up data ( unless you are willing to dive into VBA ) . If you have a 500MB Excel file with missing data , dates in different formats , no headers , it will take you forever to clean it by hand . The same can be said if your data is spread across a dozen CSV files , which is fairly common .
Doing all that cleanup is trivial with Python and Pandas , a Python library for data analysis . Built on top of Numpy , Pandas makes high-level tasks easy , and you can write your results back to an Excel file , so you can continue to share the results of your analysis with non-programmers .
So while Excel is n't going away , Python is a great tool if you want clean data and perform higher-level data analysis .
The Code
Right , let 's get started with the code - which you can grab from the project repo along with the spreadsheet I linked to above so you do n't have to download it again .
Start by creating a new script called obesity.py and import Pandas as well as matplotlib so that we can plot graphs later on :
import pandas as pd import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
Make sure you install both dependencies : pip install pandas matplotlib
Next , let 's read in the Excel file :
data = pd . ExcelFile ( `` Obes-phys-acti-diet-eng-2014-tab.xls '' )
And that 's it . In a single line we read in the entire Excel file .
Let 's print what we have :
print data . sheet_names
Run the script .
$ python obesity.py [ u'Chapter 7 ' , u ' 7.1 ' , u ' 7.2 ' , u ' 7.3 ' , u ' 7.4 ' , u ' 7.5 ' , u ' 7.6 ' , u ' 7.7 ' , u ' 7.8 ' , u ' 7.9 ' , u ' 7.10 ' ]
Look familiar ? These are the sheets we saw earlier . Remember , we will be focusing on sheet 7.2 . Now if you look at 7.2 in Excel , you will see that the top 4 rows and bottom 14 rows contain useless info . Let me rephrase : It 's useful for humans , but not for our script . We only need rows 5-18 .
Cleanup
So when we read the sheet , we need to make sure any unnecessary info is left out .
# Read 2nd section , by age data_age = data . parse ( u ' 7.2 ' , skiprows = 4 , skipfooter = 14 ) print data_age
Run again .
Unnamed : 0 Total Under 16 16-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65-74 \ 0 NaN NaN NaN NaN NaN NaN NaN NaN NaN 1 2002/03 1275 400 65 136 289 216 94 52 2 2003/04 1711 579 67 174 391 273 151 52 3 2004/05 2035 547 107 287 487 364 174 36 4 2005/06 2564 583 96 341 637 554 258 72 # ... snip ... #
We read the sheet , skipping the top 4 rows as well as the bottom 14 ( as they contain data not useful to us ) . We then printed what we have . ( For simplicity , I 'm only showing the first few lines of the printout . )
The first line represents the column headers . Right off the bat you can see Pandas is quite smart since it picked up most of the headers correctly . Except for the first one , of course - e.g. , Unnamed : 0 . Why is that ? Simple . Look at the file in Excel , and you see that it is missing a header for the year .
Another problem is that we have an empty line in the original file , and that is showing up as NaN ( Not a number ) .
So we now need to do two things :
Rename the first header to Year , and Get rid of any empty rows .
# Rename unamed to year data_age . rename ( columns = { u 'Unnamed : 0 ' : u 'Year ' } , inplace = True )
Here we told Pandas to rename the column Unnamed : 0 to Year . using the in-built function rename ( ) .
inplace = True modifies the existing object . Without this , Pandas will create a new object and return that .
Next let 's drop the empty rows filled with NaN :
# Drop empties data_age . dropna ( inplace = True )
There is one more thing we need to do that will make our lives easier . If you look at the data_age table , the first value is a number . This is the index , and Pandas uses the default Excel practice of having a number as the index . However , we want to change the index to Year . This will make plotting much easier , since the index is usually plotted as the x axis .
data_age . set_index ( 'Year ' , inplace = True )
We set the index to Year .
Now print our cleaned up data :
print `` After Clean up : '' print data_age
And run :
Total Under 16 16-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65-74 \ Year 2002/03 1275 400 65 136 289 216 94 52 2003/04 1711 579 67 174 391 273 151 52 2004/05 2035 547 107 287 487 364 174 36 2005/06 2564 583 96 341 637 554 258 72 # ... snip ... #
Much better . You can see the index is now the Year , and all NaN s are gone .
Charts
Now we can plot what we have .
# Plot data_age . plot ( ) plt . show ( )
Oops . There is a problem : Our original data contains a total field that is overshadowing everything else . We need to get rid of it .
# Drop the total column and plot data_age_minus_total = data_age . drop ( 'Total ' , axis = 1 )
axis =1 is slightly confusing , but all it really means is - drop the columns , as described from this Stack Overflow question .
Let 's plot what we have now .
data_age_minus_total . plot ( ) plt . show ( )
Much better . We can actually see individual age groups now . Can you see which age group has the highest obesity ?
Coming back to our original question : Are children getting fatter ?
Let 's just plot a small section of the data : children under the age of 16 and grown ups in the age range of 35-44 .
plt . close ( ) # Plot children vs adults data_age [ 'Under 16 ' ] . plot ( label = `` Under 16 '' ) data_age [ '35-44 ' ] . plot ( label = `` 35-44 '' ) plt . legend ( loc = `` upper right '' ) plt . show ( )
So who is getting fatter ?
Right . What do we see ?
While children 's obesity has gone slightly down , their parents have ballooned . So it seems the parents need to worry about themselves rather than their children .
But what about the future ?
The graph still does n't tell us what will happen to children 's obesity in the future . There are ways to extrapolate graphs like these into the future , but I must give a warning before we proceed : The obesity data has no underlying mathematical foundation . That is , we ca n't find a formula that will predict how these values will change in the future . Everything is essentially guesswork . With this warning in mind , let 's see how we can try to extrapolate our graph .
First , Scipy does provide a function for extrapolation , but it only works for monotically increasing data ( while our data goes up and down ) .
We can try curve fitting :
Curve Fitting tries to fit a curve through points on a graph , by trying to generate a mathematical function for the data . The function may or may not be very accurate , depending on the data .
Polynomial Interpolation Once you have an equation , you can use polynomial interpolation to try and interpolate any value on the graph .
We 'll use these two functions together to try and predict the future for England 's children :
kids_values = data_age [ 'Under 16 ' ] . values x_axis = range ( len ( kids_values ) )
Here , we extract the values for children under 16 . For the x axis , the original graph had dates . To simplify our graph , we 'll just be using the the numbers 0-10 .
Output :
array ( [ 400. , 579. , 547. , 583. , 656. , 747. , 775. , 632. , 525. , 495. , 556 . ] ) [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ]
One more thing : Curve fitting uses different degrees of polynomials . In very simple terms , the higher the degree , the more accurate the curve fitting will be , but there is also the chance that the results will be garbage . Scipy will sometimes warn you if the degree is too high . Do n't worry , this will be more clear when we look at some examples .
poly_degree = 3 curve_fit = np . polyfit ( x_axis , kids_values , poly_degree ) poly_interp = np . poly1d ( curve_fit )
We set the polynomial degree to 3 . We then use the Numpy polyfit ( ) function to try to fit a graph through the data we have . The poly1d ( ) function is then called on the equation we generated to create a function that will be used to generate our values . This returns a function called poly_interp that we will use below :
poly_fit_values = [ ] for i in range ( len ( x_axis ) ) : poly_fit_values . append ( poly_interp ( i ) )
We loop from 0 to 10 , and call the poly_interp ( ) function on each value . Remember , this is the function we generated when we ran the curve fitting algorithm .
Before moving on , let 's see what the different polynomial degrees mean .
We will plot both the original data , and our own data , to see how close our equation reached the ideal data :
plt . plot ( x_axis , poly_fit_values , `` -r '' , label = `` Fitted '' ) plt . plot ( x_axis , kids_values , `` -b '' , label = `` Orig '' ) plt . legend ( loc = `` upper right '' )
The original data will be plotted in blue and labelled Orig , while the generated data will be red and labelled Fitted .
With a polynomial value of 3 :
We see it is n't that good a fit , so let 's try 5 :
Much better . What about 7 ?
Now we get an almost perfect match . So , why would n't we always use higher values ?
Because the higher values have been so tightly coupled to this graph , they make prediction useless . If we try to extrapolate from the graph above , we get garbage values . Trying different values , I found that polynomial degrees of 3 and 4 were the only ones that give accurate results , so that 's what we 'll be using .
We are going to re-run our poly_interp ( ) function , this time for values from 0-15 , to predict five years into the future .
x_axis2 = range ( 15 ) poly_fit_values = [ ] for i in range ( len ( x_axis2 ) ) : poly_fit_values . append ( poly_interp ( i ) )
This is the same code as before . Let 's again see the results with polynomial degrees of 3 and 4 . The new extrapolated line is the green one and shows our prediction .
With 3 :
Here , the obesity is going down . How about 4 ?
But here , it is shooting up , so kids will end up weighing like tractors !
Which of the two graphs is correct ? It depends on whether you are working for the government or the opposition .
This is actually a feature , not bug . You must have heard these political debates where two sides draw the exact opposite conclusions from the same data ? Now you see how it 's possible to draw radically different conclusions by tweaking small parameters .
And that is the reason we must be careful when accepting figures and graphs from lobbyists , especially if they are not willing to share the raw data . Sometimes , predictions are better left to astrologers .
Cheers !
Heated scenes in the Supreme Court last week and an order from a Constitution bench this week offered plenty of material for commentators to dig in , considering India 's apex court was handling matters that could shake the public 's trust in the institution itself . On Monday , a three-judge Constitution bench passed an order saying there was no conflict of interest in the Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra choosing whom to assign cases to , even if their own conduct was the subject of those matters .
The matter came up last week when two Public Interest Litigations sought a court-monitored inquiry into what has come to be known as the Medical Council of India bribery case . The Central Bureau of Investigation is examining whether judges were bribed to overturn the Medical Council of India 's decision denying permission for a medical college to operate . Both PILs asked for a court-monitored inquiry , suggesting the executive could use the CBI investigation to undermine the judiciary . But they also asked for the matter to be heard without involving Dipak Misra , who had handled Medical Council of India matters earlier this year .
One Supreme Court judge seemed to agree to some extent , breaking convention to set up a Constitution Bench to look into the matter without deferring to the Chief Justice . But Misra quickly intervened , effectively nullifying that order and setting up a separate bench . And Monday 's order gave further support to their decision , saying the Chief Justice 's administrative handling of the court – like assigning cases to specific benches – can not constitute conflict of interest .
Naturally , there were lots of reactions from all sides :
“ It 's really a very very sad day in the history of the Supreme Court – firstly , I have not seen this kind of extraordinary interest being taken by a Chief Justice in a matter which involves them directly , and secondly , because of the kind of unseemly proceedings which took place in the Supreme Court , ” said Prashant Bhushan , who represented one of the petitioners in the case , in an interview to the Wire . “ The scars inflicted on the foundation of this Institution must be healed as quickly as possible . Otherwise the credibility of this Institution , its acceptability and the love and respect it commands amongst the citizens will be seriously jeopardised , ” writes Dushyant Dave , a senior advocate , on Livelaw .
Pratap Bhanu Mehta , vice-chancellor of Ashoka University , makes a significant point in the Indian Express : “ Taken together , both the chief justice 's and the judge 's conduct highlights one obvious fact : There is no Supreme Court left any more . In expanding its powers , the Supreme Court first replaced the rule of law with the rule of the court ( they are not the same thing ) ; now the rule of court has been replaced with the anarchic will of individual judges . The Supreme Court has effectively ended an institution. ” “ Propriety would plausibly demand that since the FIR pertained to a case where Justice Misra had been the presiding judge , as Chief Justice of India , they would not perform their default role of allocating Benches for determination of this case or exercise their prerogative of hearing the case himself , ” writes Arghya Sengupta , research director of the Vidhi Centre for Legal Policy , in the Hindu . “ Unfortunately , by allocating the matter to a Division Bench , the Chief Justice gave this principle a go-by. ” Raju Ramachandran , a former Additional Solicitor General , writes in the Print that “ it is difficult to recall any moment as ugly and demoralising ” as the Supreme Court 's behaviour last week . “ It is also equally worrying that the Supreme Court Bar Association and several senior members of the bar were complicit in achieving this result , ” writes Vikas Mahendra in the Wire . “ The SCBA in fact even went so far as to demand that contempt charges be framed against fellow members of the bar who attempted to clear the air in a matter of such extreme importance . ”
Gautam Bhatia , on their blog , explains why the point is not whether the Chief Justice did influence the case , but whether they had the power to do so at all : “ He might be the most honest judge that ever lived , but that is not the point ; the principle is not that “ no person shall be a ( dishonest ) judge in their own cause ” . It is – for excellent reasons – simply that “ no person shall be a judge in their own cause. ” Colin Gonsalves , speaking to the Hindu , thinks the matter was “ resolved amicably ” and the real issue facing the court is the government 's actions against the judiciary . “ The Central government today wants to saffronise the judiciary . It does n't want an independent judiciary . It does n't want judges of integrity . It does n't want thinking judges . It wants judges who will toe the line. ” “ Having served the institution as a lawyer and then as a judge of the apex court , I have very high hopes for the judiciary , ” writes former Supreme Court Judge Santosh Hegde in the Print . “ If friends and well-wishers of the judicial institution ca n't convince it to get its act together , then god alone can save India . For me , it looks hopeless , but I still hope I am wrong. ” Shanti Bhushan , a former law minister , offers a way forward in the Wire : “ If the Supreme Court of India is to be saved , in my opinion , a bench with all the judges must take stock of the situation and consider the legal position dispassionately and wisely . ”
Scroll reads
What happened in the Supreme Court on Friday ( and what is the MCI bribery case ) ? Sruthisagar Yamunan explains .
This is the gravest crisis the judiciary and the legal profession have ever faced in India , writes Alok Prasanna Kumar .
The Supreme Court has acted contrary to the warnings it has issued repeatedly in the past , arguesMohan Parasaran .
Subscribe to “ The Daily Fix ” by either downloading Scroll 's Android app or opting for it to be delivered to your mailbox . For the rest of the day 's headlines do click here .
If you have any concerns about our coverage of particular issues , please write to the Readers ' Editor at readerseditor @ scroll.in
As thousands of organizations work to contain and clean up the mess from this week 's devastating Wana ransomware attack , the fraudsters responsible for releasing the digital contagion are no doubt counting their earnings and congratulating themselves on a job well done . But according to a review of the Bitcoin addresses hard-coded into Wana , it appears the perpetrators of what 's being called the worst ransomware outbreak ever have made little more than USD $ 26,000 so far from the scam .
The Wana ransomware became a global epidemic virtually overnight this week , after criminals started distributing copies of the malware with the help of a security vulnerability in Windows computers that Microsoft patched in March 2017 . Infected computers have all their documents and other important user files scrambled with strong encryption , and victims without access to good backups of that data have two choices : Kiss the data goodbye , or pay the ransom — the equivalent of approximately USD $ 300 worth of the virtual currency Bitcoin .
According to a detailed writeup on the Wana ransomware published Friday by security firm Redsocks , Wana contains three bitcoin payment addresses that are hard-coded into the malware . One of the nice things about Bitcoin is that anyone can view all of the historic transactions tied a given Bitcoin payment address . As a result , it 's possible to tell how much the criminals at the helm of this crimeware spree have made so far and how many victims have paid the ransom .
A review of the three payment addresses hardcoded into the Wana ransomware strain indicates that these accounts to date have received 100 payments totaling slightly more than 15 Bitcoins — or approximately $ 26,148 at the current Bitcoin-to-dollars exchange rate .
ANALYSIS
It is possible that the crooks responsible for this attack maintained other Bitcoin addresses that were used to receive payments in connection with this attack , but there is currently no evidence of that . It 's worth noting that the ransom note Wana popped up on victim screens ( see screenshot above ) included a “ Contact Us ” feature that may have been used by some victims to communicate directly with the fraudsters . Also , I realize that in many ways USD $ 26,000 is a great deal of money .
However , I find it depressing to think of the massive financial damage likely wrought by this ransom campaign in exchange for such a comparatively small reward . It 's particularly galling because this attack potentially endangered the lives of many . At least 16 hospitals in the United Kingdom were diverting patients and rescheduling procedures on Friday thanks to the Wana outbreak , meaning the attack may well have hurt people physically ( no deaths have been reported so far , thank goodness ) .
Unfortunately , this glaring disparity is par for the course with cybercrime in general . As I observed on several occasions in my book Spam Nation — which tracked the careers of some of the most successful malware writers and pharmacy pill spammers on the planet — it was often disheartening to see how little money most of those guys made given the sheer amount of digital disease they were pumping out into the Internet on a daily basis .
In fact , very few of these individuals made much money at all , and yet they were responsible for perpetuating a global crime machine that inflicted enormous damage on businesses and consumers . A quote in the book from Stefan Savage , a computer science professor at the University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) encapsulates the disparity quite nicely and seems to have aged quite well :
“ What 's fascinating about all this is that at the end of the day , we 're not talking about all that much money , ” Savage said . “ These guys running the pharma programs are not Donald Trump 's , yet their activity is going to have real and substantial financial impact on the day-to-day lives of tens of millions of people . In other words , for these guys to make modest riches , we need a multibillion-dollar industry to deal with them . ”
Tags : Bitcoin , Redsocks , San Diego , Stefan Savage , University of California , Wana ransomware
ROME ( Reuters ) - The economic policies of U.S. President Donald Trump could hurt global trade and could speed up an increase in U.S. interest rates , European Central Bank policymaker Ignazio Visco said on Monday .
“ Given the current situation of the U.S. economy , which is close to full employment , strong fiscal expansion risks having a pro-cyclical impact , ” Visco said in a speech at the Italian foreign ministry .
“ In such a case , the process of normalizing monetary conditions undertaken by the Federal Reserve could be less gradual , ” said Visco , who sits on the ECB Governing Council and is the governor of the Bank of Italy .
“ The consequent appreciation of the dollar and increase in medium-to-long-term interest rates , which up until now have been contained , could accentuate and reverberate their impact on international markets , ” they said , adding that this could hurt emerging markets .
INDORE : Lokayukta police on Monday launched simultaneous raids on residences of a head constable in Indore , Rewa and Satna towns and unearthed properties worth crores of rupees , including five plush houses , six plots , three cars and one SUV Their bank locker yielded a revolver , cartridges and 132gm gold and 2kg silver ornaments worth lakhs of rupees . Head constable Arun Singh , accused of amassing wealth disproportionate to their income was posted in regional transport office in Jabalpur.Raids were conducted following a complaint against Singh , Lokayukta police said . Search operations began early morning when police entered Singh 's three-storied house in Annapurna locality of Indore and found incriminating documents on property . Papers related to two plots of 6000 sq ft in Talawalichanda area , were recovered . Besides a farmhouse on Mhow Road , one plot was in the name of their wife and two flats in their son 's name , police said.In Rewa , a house was found in their name at Boghbal , two plots in Anantpuri and a plot in Narendra Nagar . Lokayukta police found 30-acre land and house in Nibuha and documents related to land in Hardikhurd . Ornaments seized from different places during raids are being evaluated.After being transferred to Jabalpur three months ago , Singh has n't reported for work . RTO officials lodged a complaint with Bhopal office about their absence . Singh was earlier posted at Sendhwa border barrier and complaints of corruption were received against them during this tenure.During their 32 years of service , Singh received an estimated salary of around Rs 50 lakh , but assets found in their name run into crores .
Archaeologists have revealed exceptionally well-preserved Bronze Age dwellings during an excavation at Must Farm quarry in the East Anglian fens that is providing an extraordinary insight into domestic life 3,000 years ago . The settlement , dating to the end of the Bronze Age ( 1200-800 BC ) , would have been home to several families who lived in a number of wooden houses on stilts above water .
The settlement was destroyed by fire that caused the dwellings to collapse into the river , preserving the contents in situ . The result is an extraordinary time capsule containing exceptional textiles made from plant fibres such as lime tree bark , rare small cups , bowls and jars complete with past meals still inside . Also found are exotic glass beads forming part of an elaborate necklace , hinting at a sophistication not usually associated with the British Bronze Age .
The exposed structures are believed to be the best-preserved Bronze Age dwellings ever found in Britain and the finds , taken together , provide a fuller picture of prehistoric life than we have ever had before .
The major excavation is happening because of concern about the long-term preservation of this unique Bronze Age site with its extraordinary remains . The Cambridge Archaeological Unit ( CAU ) is carrying out the excavation of 1,100 square metres of the Must Farm site in Cambridgeshire , and is now halfway through the project .
The excavation site is two metres below the modern ground surface , as levels have risen over thousands of years and archaeologists have now reached the river bed as it was in 1000-800BC . Clearly visible are the well-preserved charred roof timbers of one of the roundhouses , timbers with tool marks and a perimeter of wooden posts known as a palisade which once enclosed the site .
It is possible that those living in the settlement were forced to leave everything behind when it caught on fire . Such is the level of preservation due to the deep waterlogged sediments of the Fens , the footprints of those who once lived there were also found . The finds suggest there is much more to be discovered in the rest of the settlement as the excavation continues over the coming months .
Close up of stilts and collapsed roof timbers . 1 of 7 Glass beads thought to have been from a necklace . 2 of 7 Late Iron Age baldric rings with La Tène style decoration , probably part of a shoulder belt for carrying a sword . 3 of 7 Detail on a 6.3m oak logboat . 4 of 7 Close up of charred wooden bucket base . 5 of 7 Bronze Age textile made from plant fibres . 6 of 7 7 of 7 Prev
Prev Next
CAU 's Mark Knight , Site Director of the excavation , said : “ Must Farm is the first large-scale investigation of the deeply buried sediments of the fens and we uncover the perfectly preserved remains of prehistoric settlement . Everything suggests the site is not a one-off but in fact presents a template of an undiscovered community that thrived 3,000 years ago ‘ beneath ' Britain 's largest wetland . ”
The £1.1 million four-year project has been funded by heritage organisation Historic England and the building firm Forterra . Duncan Wilson , Chief Executive of Historic England , said : “ A dramatic fire 3,000 years ago combined with subsequent waterlogged preservation has left to us a frozen moment in time , which gives us a graphic picture of life in the Bronze Age . ”
After the excavation is complete , the team will take all the finds for further analysis and conservation . Eventually they will be displayed at Peterborough Museum and at other local venues . The end of the four year project will see a major publication about Must Farm and an online resource detailing the finds .
The site , now a clay quarry owned by Forterra , is close to Whittlesey , Cambridgeshire and sits astride a prehistoric watercourse inside the Flag Fen basin . The site has produced large quantities of Bronze Age metalwork , including a rapier and sword in 1969 , and more recently the discovery of nine pristinely preserved log boats in 2011 .
Archaeologists say these discoveries place Must Farm alongside similar European Prehistoric Wetland sites ; the ancient loch-side dwellings known as crannogs in Scotland and Ireland ; stilt houses , also known as pile dwellings , around the Alpine Lakes ; and the terps of Friesland , manmade hill dwellings in the Netherlands .
David Gibson , Archaeological Manager at CAU , added : “ Usually at a Later Bronze Age period site you get pits , post-holes and maybe one or two really exciting metal finds . Convincing people that such places were once thriving settlements takes some imagination .
“ But this time so much more has been preserved – we can actually see everyday life during the Bronze Age in the round . It 's prehistoric archaeology in 3D with an unsurpassed finds assemblage both in terms of range and quantity , ” they said .
For a more detailed summary of the Must Farm discoveries , visit the project archive here : http : //www.mustfarm.com/bronze-age-timber-platform/progress/archive/
THE visit of the USA to face Ireland at Aviva Stadium on Tuesday night will act as a great reminder for many Irish footballers who went over too Stateside to play ‘ Soccer ' in the NASL in the 1970 & 1980s .
Irish stars including John Giles , Fran O'Brien , Pat Byrne , Brendan Bradley , Eric Barber , Terry Conroy , Jimmy Conway , Tony Dunne , Joe Haverty , Liam Buckley , Mick Leech , Terry Mancini , Paddy Mulligan , Mick Martin , Don O'Riordan and Ray Treacy had spells in the NASL .
Two of Ireland 's soccer pioneers in the US were former youth international Gerry Reardon and current Ireland U21 team assistant manager Harry McCue who played for Tulsa Roughnecks and San Diego Sockers respectively .
They spoke to FAI TV about some of their memories of the NASL in its heyday .
Farmers mourn death of French proto-internet
Updated
Three decades after it launched , the Minitel - a French forerunner to the internet that at its height was installed in 9 million homes - will shut down for good on Saturday .
Once at the cutting edge of technology , the Minitel allowed users in France to check the news , search phone directories , buy train and plane tickets , make restaurant reservations and even take part in online sex chats long before similar services existed elsewhere .
But the advent of the internet made the Minitel 's dial-up connection and black-and-white screen obsolete and - despite the protests of some fierce hold-outs - operator France Telecom-Orange has decided to pull the plug .
Developed by France Telecom in the 1970s and freely distributed , the Minitel reached its height in the early 1990s , with 26,000 services available and annual revenues of about a billion euros ( about $ 1.2 billion ) .
`` The Minitel prepared the French for the way the internet is used today , with electronic communication services , messaging and database consultation , '' said Helene Viot-Poirier of Orange .
But only about 400,000 terminals are still in use , many of its services - including booking Air France and railway tickets - have been discontinued and in 2010 the system brought in only 30 million euros in revenues .
With 85 per cent of those revenues going to service providers , France Telecom has decided the cost of maintaining the network is no longer worth it .
'It 's heartbreaking '
Among those who will miss it are many in France 's farming community , where the Minitel is still widely used , especially in remote areas where high-speed internet connections are not yet available .
`` Farmers often used [ the Minitel ] for quick operations : calling an inseminator or a knacker , or informing us of a birth in their livestock . They typed a number and immediately had access to these services , '' said Alain Bazire of the Chamber of Agriculture in the Ille-et-Vilaine region of Brittany .
In the region 's community of Vitre , 52-year-old farm manager Solange Gieux said the Minitel would be sorely missed among farmers .
`` It 's heartbreaking for me . My Minitel was sacred , '' they said .
`` It was very simple to use and very inexpensive . It 's too bad they are taking a tool like this away from us . ''
Ms Gieux said they had no plans to buy a computer . `` It 's too complicated , '' they said . `` The Minitel was the best . ''
While the Minitel was a major success at home , France never succeeded in exporting the technology and some say its widespread use was to blame for France lagging behind other industrialised countries in adopting internet use .
But others say the Minitel gave France early expertise in e-commerce and point to successful entrepreneurs such as Xavier Niel of French technology firm Free who got their start as service providers on the system .
French technology and new media expert Damien Douani said much of what made the Minitel successful - such as its simple interface , easy payment system and profit-sharing between providers and its operator - can be seen in the new wave of technology like Apple 's IPad and App Store .
`` The Minitel was a simple tool for consultation , not for creation , and that 's what people are asking for , that we help them find their way in the jungle of information , '' they said .
AFP
Topics : internet-technology , computers-and-technology , internet-culture , france
First posted
By Lee Ji-hye
A malfunctioning sprinkler system at the controversial Lotte skyscraper in southeastern Seoul has sprayed customers and stock in the Uniqlo store on the second floor on Thursday afternoon .
`` It sprayed like a waterfall for about 20 to 30 minutes , and what they did in response was turned off the lights and shut the clothing store down , '' the Kyunghyang Newspaper quoted a customer as saying .
`` By the look of the amount of water leaking from the ceiling , we thought the sprinkler exploded or something , because we heard something pop before the water started leaking . And most of the clothes that were near the area were completely soaked . ''
Employees demanded that shoppers not take photos of the water , the customer said .
The Safety Management Committee of the Lotte World Mall confirmed that a report was filed at 3:44 p.m. regarding a malfunctioning fire sprinkler at the Uniqlo store on the second floor , causing water to leak onto customers and clothing .
But Lotte said the damage was not as bad as some had reported .
`` The water leaked for only about five to 10 minutes , which we identified as a malfunctioning of the sprinkler installed in the ceiling of the clothing store , '' a Lotte PR official said .
`` The front part of the sprinkler was damaged , and we have replaced it with a properly functioning one . ''
The leak follows a series of `` malfunctions '' at the building , which will be Korea 's tallest and the world 's sixth-tallest at 123 stories when it is completed next year .
The $ 3.6 billion tower has raised numerous questions about safety after a worker was found dead at the construction site last December , deep cracks appeared in a concrete floor during the initial opening and water leaked out of the aquarium .
Chairs in a 4D theater on the eighth floor of the tower were also reported to have shaken during a movie . The theater and the aquarium have been closed since .
The city 's metropolitan government said on April 22 it would look at lifting the suspensions on the theater and aquarium in May after on-site inspection with safety experts .
`` Seoul will be making a decision with a top priority on safety , after conducting a thorough safety inspection over the concerned facilities , '' the city said .
The argument is that one can not hedge without exhibiting unseemly motivations in so doing , and so one ought not to hedge . Specifically , Weatherson says , one can not hedge without thereby being motivated to avoid wrongdoing as such . They ask us to imagine a person who has some credence that eating meat is wrong , and so refrains from eating meat . The content of their ultimate motivation can not be to refrain from subsidizing the killing of cows , since they do not ( fully ) believe that this is wrong ; rather , it must be to refrain from doing what 's morally wrong ( whatever that happens to be ) .
Brian Weatherson has posted a new paper in which they argue against `` moral hedging '' -- roughly , refraining from A-ing on the grounds that there 's a non-zero probability that A-ing is wrong and a zero probability that not A-ing is wrong . I 'd like to explain why I think their central argument fails , and hear what y'all have to say both about that argument and about the issue in general .
Now , it seems to me that Weatherson 's argument also applies , and that they really intends it to also apply [ see the end of this post ] , to all efforts to take the probabilities of moral propositions into account , not just to hedging . For example , there are some cases in which my credence is non-zero both that A-ing wrong and that not A-ing is wrong . There 's no `` safe '' action here , as the Casuists would say , and so I ca n't `` hedge '' exactly , but I can still behave in such a way as to take into account the probabilities as I see them .
In support of the claim that this motivation is unseemly , Weatherson approvingly quotes the `` fetishism '' argument that Michael Smith offers against motivational externalism in The Moral Problem :
`` Good people care non-derivatively about honesty , the weal and woe of their children and friends , and well-being of their fellows , people getting what they deserve , justice , equality , and the like , not just one thing : doing what they believe to be right , where this is read de dicto and not de re . Indeed , common sense tells us that being so motivated is a fetish or moral vice , not the one and only moral virtue '' . ( Smith , 1994 , p. 75 ) .
I hope it 's not out of place to say that I disagree with Weatherson at every step . To wit :
1 ) I do n't think the hedger must be motivated to avoid wrongdoing as such ;
2 ) I do n't think there would be anything wrong with the hedger 's motivations even if they were occasionally so motivated ; and
3 ) I do n't think hedging would be ( subjectively ) wrong or immoral even if one could not hedge without sometimes exhibiting such a motivation .
On 1 ) : There are at least two ways to be a hedger without having any motivations to avoid wrongdoing as such :
First , one 's uncertainty about whether , e.g. , eating meat is wrong could be due to uncertainty about whether P , where P is a moral proposition that can serve as the content of an apparently less objectionable motivation . ( To be fair , Weatherson concedes something similar to this point . ) For example , you might be uncertain whether in eating beef you 'd be treating the cow with proper or due respect , or wronging the cow , or wrongfully killing the cow . And so you might refrain from eating meat on the ultimate motivation that doing so might wrong the cow , or might involve wrongfully killing it or treating it with less respect than it 's due . Now , Weatherson never explains why they think the motivation to avoid wrongdoing is objectionable . So maybe he 'd think these motivations are similarly objectionable . But my ( very shaky ) intuition is that the impropriety of so-called `` fetishism '' is attributable to its impersonal character . The fetishist seems bad because they seem not to care ultimately about anyone ; they care about doing what 's right . Their motivation is weird for the same reason that the exclusive motivation to maximize utility is weird . But it is absurd to suggest that someone whose ultimate motivations are treating X with proper respect and avoiding wrongfully A-ing X does n't really care about X .
Second , the hedger may be motivated to avoid C-ing , where `` C-ing '' is a non-normative description of the act-type designated as wrong by the moral views in which they have credence . Note that it 's plausible that one may be ultimately motivated to avoid what is wrong according to the views one fully believes ( understood de re ) . That follows from the kind of motivational internalism that , e.g. , Smith is defending in the The Moral Problem . So why does Weatherson not admit the possibility that one may be motivated to avoid ( and , again , read this de re ) what is wrong according to a moral view in which one has a credence of less than 1 ( to a degree roughly , though not exactly , proportionate to the credence ) ? For example , if I have some credence that killing a cow is wrong , why ca n't I thereby be underivatively motivated to some degree to avoid killing the cow ? I admit that I 'm not sure that this suggestion is right . But I do n't see why it 's wrong , and Weatherson does n't give us any reasons to think that it 's wrong . ( Also , FWIW , much of what Smith says in their influential paper `` Evaluation , Uncertainty , and Motivation '' suggests that he 'd support the suggestion I 'm making here . )
On 2 ) : It 's important to see that one can side with Smith and against Weatherson . Smith 's target is a form of `` strong externalism '' on which the very general connection between moral judgment and motivation is explained by positing a very general motivation to do right/not to wrong as such , of which motivations like those Smith valorizes are derivative . Smith 's beef does n't seem to be ( and certainly does n't need to be ) with ever having a de dicto moral motivation ; it 's with having this as one 's single ultimate motivation , in lieu of being ultimately motivated by these other things .
One might go along with Smith 's criticism of strong externalism , while allowing that , at least in certain cases of moral uncertainty , it 's fine to be motivated not to do wrong/to do right/etc . if indeed such motivation is necessary to take account of the probabilities of the relevant moral propositions .
Indeed , I think Weatherson should see this more nuanced position as attractive . To see why , recall the combination of positions I attributed to them at the end of ( 1 ) . They seem to think that while I can be motivated to do ( de re ) what I believe is right , I ca n't be motivated to do ( de re ) what I have some ( low ? ) credence is right . Again , I think this is mistaken , but let 's assume arguendo that it 's correct . Then it would seem that there 's an important difference between acting under full belief about morality and acting under moral uncertainty . In the former case , a de dicto motivation to be moral is indeed `` one thought too many '' in the sense that it 's not necessary for guided action . In the latter case , assuming Weatherson is right , it 's not `` one thought too many '' . It 's precisely the thought the agent needs to have to be responsive to the probabilities , as they see them , of the relevant moral propositions . But if I need to be so motivated to hedge or otherwise be responsive to moral uncertainty , then it does n't seem right to call such a motivation unseemly unless we have some other ground for thinking that hedging , etc . are wrong . Weatherson gives no other ground . This is all the more persuasive if we imagine the agent as being ultimately motivated to do ( de re ) what 's right in all of the `` easy '' cases -- e.g . motivated to save their wife because she 's their wife , motivated not to kick a dog because it 'd hurt the dog , and so on .
It 's also worth noting that even if the moral hedger must occasionally be motivated to avoid doing wrong , they need n't be so motivated in every case of in which she 's uncertain . We are familiar with the idea that the utilitarian may aim to do things other than maximize utility ; they may follow rules of thumb instead , and be motivated to maximize utility only on those occasions when they perform the mental act of checking on their rules to make sure they are utility-conducive . We may say something analogous here : A moral hedger may act on rules of thumb -- e.g . Alex Guerrero 's `` do n't know , do n't kill '' , or maybe `` do n't kill any large vertebrates '' -- almost all of the time , and be motivated to do what 's right only on those occasions when they perform the mental act of checking whether it accords with their view about what it 's subjectively right to do under moral uncertainty .
Finally ( 3 ) : Let 's just assume that hedgers must be motivated to avoid wrongdoing as such , and that this is an unseemly motivation . Can we conclude from this that we ( subjectively ) should n't hedge ? Hardly . To see why not , start by considering another case of unseemly motivation : I give a billion dollars to Greenpeace for the sole reason of upsetting an oil barron uncle whom I hate . There seem to me to be two sensible evaluations of my behavior : ( 1 ) I did the right thing , in the sense that I should n't have donated the money . ( And I mean , talk about fetishism -- imagine not trying to save the planet because you ca n't ( now ) do that from a pure motive ! And indeed , what could be a worse motive for such an omission ? ! ) , and ( 2 ) I did the wrong thing despite contributing to the planet 's salvation , because I could in some relevant sense have donated the money with a different motive , but did n't .
The parallel to the first response in the hedger 's case is that hedging may be right even if it 's done with an unseemly motive . But this is of course not what Weatherson wants . As for the second response : If Weatherson is right that hedging requires a de dicto motivation to avoid wrongdoing , then this response does not have a parallel in the case of the hedger . For there is no relevant sense in which they could have hedged with a different motive . But I have a hard time believing that an action may be wrong purely by dint of the motive with which it 's done when it 's impossible ( inconceivable ? knowable a priori to be impossible ? -- what does Weatherson want to say here ? ) for someone to do that action without that motive . Now , again , I think Weatherson 's wrong that one ca n't hedge without that motive -- but then their argument fails on other grounds .
That 's all I want to say about Weatherson 's explicit argument . There 's a sorta neat analogy they draw between moral and prudential motivation that merits discussion , but I 'm still thinking of what I want to say about that . ( I do n't think it impacts any of the criticisms I 've offered . ) I want to conclude this post , though , by taking note of a gestural remark in Weatherson 's conclusion that , I believe , indicates the deeper roots of their beef with the `` moral uncertainty '' project .
Weatherson writes : `` Morality should be the guide of life , not probabilities of moral propositions . ''
I 'd want to say : `` Yeah , this is true if you mean that there 's a sense in which everyone should fully believe ( all and ) only the moral truths , and that those who believe them and should guide ourselves by those beliefs . But if you mean that when we , here , now are uncertain about morality , we should guide ourselves by the moral truth and not by the probabilities we assign to moral propositions , then you are saying something that either is false or at least presupposes something false . `` Should '' implies `` can '' , and you 're suggesting that I guide myself in a way that I ( and you , and everyone else ) simply can not . For the morally uncertain agent , probabilities must guide our actions , and the only question worth asking is 'How ? ' ''
I think that Weatherson and I ( and the rest of the `` moral uncertainty '' people ) must have a very deep , tough-to-articulate disagreement about guidance or `` should '' or something ; otherwise we would not each write as we do . I do n't know exactly what the disagreement is , and at any rate I do n't want to prolong this post by trying to suss it out . Perhaps that 's best left for the comments section .
The preliminary results are staggering . One of Ms. Martin 's co-authors , Robert R. Dunn of North Carolina State University , has surveyed houses in North Carolina to catalog the species they contain . They and their colleagues typically find dozens of fungi species in each house , and hundreds of animal species .
Image Credit Ron Barrett
“ They 're much more diverse than anyone had thought , ” said Dr. Dunn . Even though they are a trained entomologist , it was n't until Dr. Dunn started the research that they realized their own house was home to a species of wasp that lays its eggs inside living cockroaches .
Many of these species may have just ended up with us by accident . Fungal spores may waft in through a window ; nematodes may track in on someone 's shoe . But scientists suspect that a number of our co-habitants have adapted to living indoors , faring better inside our buildings than outside .
Dr. Dunn and their colleagues argue that , ecologically speaking , our houses have a lot in common with caves . In both habitats , temperature and humidity are much steadier than outside , making for stable environments . But both lack the dense vegetation that most other biomes have , so there 's less food to be had .
Some species that inhabit caves show striking similarities to those in homes . Many cave animals are flat , as are house-dwelling German cockroaches and bedbugs . In both environments , flatness helps the animals hide in fissures . In both places , many animals have poor eyesight , relying instead on antennae and other sense organs .
But our houses also have otherworldly ecological niches , like shower heads and freezers , that can support more biological diversity than you 'd find in a cave .
It 's possible that some species already were adapted for living indoors when they first turned up on our doorsteps . Grain beetles , for example , are notorious pests in farm buildings and kitchen pantries . Before becoming homebodies , they raided rat nests and ant colonies to steal their stored seeds — not all that different from what they do now .
Microsoft is about to unveil its next generation of gadgets at a blowout press event in New York City on Tuesday . While the company has n't exactly done the best job of keeping the new hardware under wraps , there 's bound to be at least some surprises .
There are a few announcements we can almost certainly count on : two new smartphones called the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL , a Surface Pro 4 tablet and a redesigned Microsoft Band fitness tracker .
Others are a bit trickier to predict . The event promises to be all about Windows 10 devices , which could encompass virtually everything the company makes these days . We could hear news on the Xbox One , the TV-like Surface Hub and possibly even an update on the famed HoloLens augmented reality headset — which still does n't have a launch date .
The event is a big deal for Microsoft , as it looks to build on a so-far successful Windows 10 software rollout with some compelling hardware to boot . The company has long struggled to find its way in the devices business , especially when it comes to smartphones . This event , and the upcoming holiday shopping season , will be Microsoft 's latest chance to show us some cool gadgets and continue to establish that hardware reputation it craves .
GeekWire will be on hand in New York this week to cover all the news — and we 're told there will be a lot of it . The event kicks off at 7 a.m. PT on Tuesday , so circle back for updates and reviews .
In the meantime , check below for a wrap-up of what we 're expecting to see on Oct. 6 .
Lumia 950 and 950 XL
There 's almost no doubt that Microsoft will debut two new smartphones this week , after the company accidentally listed the devices in its online store for a brief time last week .
The postings did n't reveal everything that will be inside the phones , but we now know there will be a 5.2-inch Lumia 950 and a 5.7-inch Lumia 950 XL . Both come with a 20 megapixel camera and 32GB storage , with an SD card slot for expansion .
Previous leaks suggest the phones will support Qi wireless charging and USB Type-C , the latest standardized port that will allow new types of connections between smartphones and USB peripherals . Rumor also has it the phones will come with Microsoft 's new Continuum feature , which lets you use your phone like a PC by connecting it to a mouse , keyboard and larger display .
These phones will also be the first hardware built for the Windows 10 Mobile operating system , which is still in development .
Microsoft Band 2
This one is another safe bet , as rumors have been circling for months that Microsoft is planning a redesigned followup to its Band fitness tracker . Spanish tech site MicrosoftInsider.es , has even published renderings of what the wearable will look like .
GeekWire can confirm these renderings are accurate . We 've seen a Microsoft executive wearing a prototype of the Band 2 with a metallic finish , curved display and less obtrusive batteries . We have n't been able to confirm any rumors pertaining to the functionality or inner workings of the device .
Microsoft 's foray into the wearables business was the $ 199 Band , a cross between a smartwatch and a fitness tracker that debuted last year . It lacked third-party apps like the Apple Watch boasts , but delivered more features than a typical fitness tracker such as email and push notifications .
The device 's functionality was overall well received , but the Band was so bulky that many reviewers said it was simply too uncomfortable to wear all the time .
The company 's second try at a wearable appears to fix a lot of these issues . The curved display and less obtrusive batteries should make it less awkwardly shaped and more comfortable .
We still do n't know what to expect in terms of new features baked into the Band 2 , though ZDNet 's Mary Jo Foley reports their sources have said the Band wo n't run the Windows 10 operating system .
Surface Pro 4
We 're due for a new high-end tablet from Microsoft , after its successful Surface Pro 3 debuted during summer of 2014 as “ the tablet that can replace your laptop . ”
Several sites are reporting the Pro 4 will be unveiled at the Oct. 6 event , but it is not expected to be drastically different from the previous model .
Microsoft has promised businesses using the devices that the “ next generation ” in the Surface Pro line will be compatible with current power adapters , docking stations and keyboard covers , according to The Verge 's Tom Warren .
It would be hard to keep that promise without sticking with the same ports , similar display size and basic form factor we saw in the Pro 3 . More likely , we 'll see a lighter design , improved display , updates to the guts powering the tablets and maybe even some new features like a fingerprint scanner .
Other Goodies
Even as there 's so much the tech world thinks it already knows about what Microsoft plans to unveil this week , there 's always the possibility that the company has another secret or two .
While we 're not banking on another surprise entry into a new product category , like the company did with HoloLens in January , there are a few other announcements we 'll be looking out for .
Top of my list will be more details about the company 's augmented reality project . Microsoft has said the HoloLens will debut during the “ Windows 10 timeframe , ” but that could be anywhere between today and years from now .
The company is going to have to give some more details at some point , and it is hard to imagine a better time than this kind of blowout hardware event .
This week 's press event will be live streamed , so check back on Tuesday for that video feed and more details live from New York .
Last November , a University of Ottawa law professor filed complaints of professional misconduct against two lawyers for their alleged role in the Senate expense scandal .
The Star has confirmed that neither of the lawyers who were allegedly aware of the terms of the payment will face a formal disciplinary hearing . But because of the secrecy shrouding complaints against lawyers , very little has emerged about the investigations .
Suspended senator Mike Duffy is now facing 31 criminal counts of fraud , breach of trust and bribery , involving a $ 90,000 payment from Stephen Harper 's former chief of staff , Nigel Wright .
Beyond questioning the ethics of the lawyers involved , Amir Attaran , who holds the Canada Research Chair in Law , Population Health and Global Development Policy , said they wanted to probe the effectiveness of the law societies responsible for protecting the public .
“ A lawyer can not facilitate the illegal activities of their or their client , ” the complaint states . “ I believe both lawyers knew enough to discern the possible illegality of the deal being struck . ”
In their complaints to the law societies in B.C . and Ontario , Attaran alleged that lawyers Janice Payne and Benjamin Perrin “ violated the ethics of their profession ” for their alleged role in negotiating the $ 90,000 payment from Wright to Duffy .
“ I 've never heard anything from the investigators , ” they said . “ I do n't know whether the investigators have even interviewed the persons in question . I do n't know if the investigators have spoken with the RCMP .
Attaran , who only learned the complaints had been dismissed as a result of media inquiries , said there are still many unanswered questions .
In response to questions from the Star , Payne , who is a partner at Nelligan O'Brien Payne in Ottawa , said Ontario 's law society had reviewed the complaint “ and is not pursuing this matter. ” They said they had “ no other comment . ”
Law societies in both provinces make clear in their rules that lawyers are prohibited from knowingly assisting their clients in breaking the law .
Perrin , who is licensed to practise in Ontario and B.C. , said they are “ pleased that the ( law societies ) have closed this file and did not find any concern with my conduct as a lawyer . ”
“ I look forward to continuing to contribute to important public policy issues facing our country , ” they said in an email .
Perrin is currently an associate professor at the University of British Columbia 's law school and a senior fellow at the Macdonald-Laurier Institute for Public Policy .
According to the RCMP documents , Perrin , former legal counsel within the Prime Minister 's Office , and Payne , who was acting for Duffy , allegedly exchanged a series of emails to hammer out how Duffy would accept the money from Wright , as well as “ agreed media lines . ”
“ After back and forth negotiations between Janice Payne and Benjamin Perrin … terms of the agreement were set , ” the documents allege .
The RCMP documents state that Perrin was aware of Wright 's “ personal decision to pay the money ” to Duffy , “ but was in no way involved in the decision . ”
“ The … record shows that Mr. Perrin and Ms. Payne had knowledge of both the communications and financial aspects of the Wright/Duffy deal , ” Attaran wrote in their complaint to the law societies .
Duffy is expected to plead not guilty to all charges when their trial begins in April . RCMP concluded there were no grounds to charge Wright , who resigned from the Prime Minister 's Office after it was revealed that they wrote Duffy a personal cheque to cover questionable expense claims .
In July , media reports indicated that the Law Society of British Columbia closed its file on Perrin . The Star confirmed that the Law Society of Upper Canada ( LSUC ) has dismissed the allegations against both Perrin and Payne .
In an email to the Star , Taylore Ashlie , spokesperson for B.C . 's law society , said the complaint against Perrin was “ thoroughly investigated and all available materials were reviewed ” before it was closed .
They said the law society considered the rule that states that a lawyer “ must not engage in any activity that the lawyer knows or ought to know assists in or encourages any dishonesty , crime or fraud . ”
Ashlie said the regulator could “ reopen ” its investigation if new information is received .
When the Star asked the LSUC about the status of the complaints against Perrin and Payne , spokesperson Roy Thomas initially said they could not comment “ on whether a complaint has been received , or if we are investigating any specific matter , unless and until a matter has resulted in formal discipline , which would be public . ”
That statement is consistent with the policy the LSUC has previously outlined in response to requests for information from the Star about complaints against Toronto lawyer Javad Heydary , who fled to Iran last year amid allegations that more than $ 3 million in trust funds were missing .
However , shortly after the Star received Ashlie 's response , Thomas added “ a clarification. ” In a second email , they said the allegations against the lawyers “ were fully investigated and closed , ” citing the RCMP 's decision to drop its investigation of Wright as a factor . They also said the LSUC could “ reopen ” the files , “ if we were to receive new information . ”
Thomas said the decision to share more details about the complaints against Perrin and Payne does not reflect a change in policy .
“ Our policy continues to be to provide the public and the media with as much information as we are able to under the law , ” they said . “ Each request is considered individually , including whether the allegations are already public . ”
Of the 4,700 complaints the LSUC receives each year , about 3,100 are authorized for full investigation . Only 100 of those prompt a public disciplinary hearing .
Attaran said they only learned that the LSUC had closed the files on Perrin and Payne as a result of inquiries by the Star . They criticized the LSUC 's policy on providing the public with information about complaints as “ incoherent . ”
Especially in such a high-profile matter , they said “ the public has a need to know as well as a right to know ” more about how the allegations into professional misconduct were probed .
“ The law society should give an outline of the investigation it conducted , and the reason it believes that further inquiry is not warranted . ”
Attaran is the latest to voice concerns about the way complaints against lawyers are investigated by the professional regulator , and the secrecy surrounding these probes .
In response to the Star 's ongoing investigation into how lawyers are disciplined by the LSUC , critics at Queen 's Park have called on the province to do more to protect the public .
Premier Kathleen Wynne said in September that their government “ will work with the law society. ” In turn , LSUC treasurer Janet Minor said they will work with the province , and said the law society is “ always looking for improvements that can benefit the public and the professions . ”
Both Thomas and Ashlie defended the ability of law societies in Ontario and B.C . to protect the public interest , noting that the regulators include non-lawyers in decision-making and on disciplinary tribunals .
With files from Kenyon Wallace and Dale Brazao
By Justin Gardner
In recent years the U.S. has seen a dramatic resurgence of research into the medical use of psychedelics , after the drug war put a decades-long halt on scientific advancement . Despite psilocybin , LSD and other hallucinogens still being labeled as “ Schedule 1 ” drugs , researchers are discovering the astounding benefits of their medical application .
Last December , pioneering clinical trials found that magic mushrooms heal mental illness like a “ surgical intervention. ” Advanced cancer patients have “ experienced immediate and dramatic reductions in anxiety and depression , improvements that were sustained for at least six months. ” Psychedelics can treat addiction , ADHD and PTSD , and can replace years of depression therapy . Alongside medical cannabis , psychedelics can arguably solve the opioid epidemic .
Now , research is showing the positive effects of psychedelic use on social dynamics—by reducing criminal behavior . Researchers surveyed 480,000 people to produce some eye-opening results .
“ Classic psychedelics such as psilocybin ( often called magic mushrooms ) , LSD and mescaline ( found in peyote ) are associated with a decreased likelihood of antisocial criminal behavior , according to new research from investigators at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . The findings , published online Sept. 24 by the Journal of Psychopharmacology , suggest that treatments making use of classic psychedelics like psilocybin could well hold promise in reducing criminal behavior… Having ever used a classic psychedelic was associated with a 27 percent decrease in the odds of committing larceny/theft , a 12 percent decrease in the odds of committing assault , a 22 percent decrease in the odds of arrest for a property crime , and an 18 percent decrease in the odds of arrest for a violent crime in the past year . ”
Interestingly , it appears that psychedelics are far more likely to reduce crime than putting more cops on the street . At most , increasing the police presence has preceded a 5 % drop in crime , but other case studies show no correlation , and some have shown the opposite .
The idea that responsible use of psychedelics can heal both the individual and the society is fatal to Drug War propaganda . It 's also a direct threat to the profits of Big Pharma , which enjoys government-granted monopolies to keep Americans hooked on their far more dangerous drugs .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
It is no wonder research into psychedelics—which mostly consist of natural plant/fungus extracts—remains prohibitively expensive and burdensome due to their designation as ‘ Controlled Substances . '
During the 1950s and 1960s , great understanding was being made into the therapeutic aspect of psychedelics , before the War on Drugs was unleashed on humanity . LSD was successfully being used to treat alcoholism , neurosis , schizophrenia , and psychopathy .
Authors of the current study note that they are demonstrating what people have known for thousands of years .
“ These findings are consistent with a growing body of research suggesting classic psychedelics confer enduring psychological and prosocial benefits , ” [ Peter ] Hendricks said . “ Classic psychedelics can produce primary mystical experiences—also known as primary religious experiences or peak experiences—and have been used for millennia across cultures with therapeutic intention. “
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample Hendricks said their findings “ suggest that clinical research with classic psychedelics in forensic [ psychological ] settings should be considered. ” Science is showing that mystical experiences are indeed a benefit to the individual and society . Fascinating research using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) shows that , under the influence of psilocybin , the brain enters a pattern of activity similar to the dream state . Primitive areas of the brain linked to emotions , memory and arousal become more synchronized , while higher-level thinking and the “ sense of self ” become unsynchronized . Our “ default mode network ” ( DMN ) which is involved in our ingrained thought patterns and behaviors , decreases in activity , which can allow people to break free from destructive brain patterns . Johns Hopkins Medicine stated , “ A history of psychedelic drug use is associated with less psychological distress and fewer suicidal thoughts , planning and attempts… ” We are making leaps and bounds in understanding how psychedelics can treat mental illness , and now , how it can improve society by reducing crime . Government 's war on drugs—really just a war on people—is the biggest obstacle . Justin Gardner is a peaceful free-thinker with a background in the biological sciences . They are interested in bringing rationality back into the national discourse , and independent journalism as a challenge to the status quo . This article first appeared at The Free Thought Project .
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . ( Getty Images ; Reuters )
There are endless disputes this year about how the media is covering the presidential campaign . See , for example , this exchange between my Post colleague Chris Cillizza and the political scientist Norm Ornstein . Mostly lacking in these disputes , however , is systematic data about how , and how much , the media is covering Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . Kalev Leetaru and I wrote a long post about media coverage during the primary . But what about now ?
An interesting new analysis comes from the team at the Data Face , Jack Beckwith and Nick Sorscher . I asked them a few questions about what they found . Below is a lightly edited transcript .
How did you go about measuring media coverage of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ?
We compiled a total of 21,981 articles written about the election dating back to July 1 , 2015 . To be included in our data set , each article had to reference either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton in its headline ( but not both ) . The articles came from the websites of eight major media outlets : the New York Times , The Washington Post , Chicago Tribune , Wall Street Journal , Slate , Politico , Fox News and the Weekly Standard . We wanted a mixture liberal and conservative outlets , at least according to conventional wisdom .
We looked at the number of articles that were published about each candidate over time , which captures their ability to dictate the news cycle . And using the actual text of the articles , we evaluated the tone of the coverage — how positive or negative it was toward each candidate — and how it has shifted throughout the campaign .
Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence criticized the news media Wednesday over what they perceived to be unfair coverage of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton . ( Reuters )
How do you know whether a story is positive or negative about either of the candidates ?
We did this via a computer algorithm , which is becoming increasingly common as social scientists work with huge data sets of text . There are a variety of approaches to what 's often called sentiment analysis , but our methodology was this : for each article , the algorithm identified every adjective . Then , using a very large word bank , it scored the adjectives on a scale of -1.0 ( most negative ) to +1.0 ( most positive ) . The computer then averaged those values to generate an overall sentiment score for each article .
This obviously is n't perfect . A computer 's sense of sentiment can be tripped up by things like satire , slang or misspellings . But given that we were working with news articles ( the Onion was n't among our outlets ) , we believe these concerns are less relevant . Moreover , sentiment analysis has been shown to be surprisingly effective in predicting the stock market , summarizing customer feedback and delineating a population 's political views .
Let 's talk about what you 've found . First , how much coverage have the two candidates received in these outlets , and how has that changed over time ?
The first thing that jumped out at us when we started examining our data was the sheer number of headlines in which Donald Trump 's name appeared . Across the eight outlets , we found Trump 's name mentioned in a total of 14,924 article headlines from July 1 , 2015 , to Aug. 31 , 2016 . Clinton has been mentioned in less than half that amount .
Both candidates ' mentions have increased over the course of the campaign , although the increase in Trump 's mentions occurred earlier and at a faster rate than Clinton 's . Before August , Trump 's peak month was March 2016 , largely driven by the increased coverage surrounding their presumptive nomination .
And what about the tone of that coverage ? Is one candidate getting “ worse ” coverage than the other ?
The short answer is that it varies over time and appears to depend on the most salient events . For example , Donald Trump 's worst weeks may have come in November 2015 , around the time they suggested the need for a national database of Muslim citizens and also mocked a disabled New York Times reporter . The tone of Clinton 's media coverage seems to have suffered most when their private email server scandal came to the fore once again in early July 2016 .
More broadly , it seems that tone is more volatile now . Earlier in the year , from mid-December through early April , the tone of Clinton 's coverage was consistently more positive than Trump 's when averaged across all eight outlets .
After that , the tone of Clinton 's coverage swung from their most positive week over the entire campaign in early June to their most negative in the span of four weeks . The tone of Trump 's coverage , meanwhile , has tended to decline since mid-April .
But over the past several weeks — and our data goes through Sept. 13 — no candidate has had a consistent advantage .
What about the individual outlets ? Are there differences in how they cover the candidates ?
Yes , there are differences . For each media outlet , we took the articles in our sample and computed a median sentiment score for Clinton and Trump . We then took the difference between those scores as a way of gauging whether coverage of one candidate was more positive or negative than coverage of the other .
We found that all of the media outlets that we considered “ liberal ” treated Clinton more favorably . The more conservative outlets seemed more on the fence about Trump . In our sample of articles , only the coverage of Fox News was more positive toward Trump than Clinton , at least to a statistically significant degree . Coverage at Weekly Standard , Wall Street Journal and Chicago Tribune did n't clearly favor one candidate or the other .
It strikes me that the levels of positive or negative sentiment are fairly modest . You scored articles on a scale from -1 to +1 , but the averages over time or within outlets are pretty close to 0 . So it seems like any “ bias ” — if we want to call it that — is n't large .
Sentiment scores do fall pretty close to zero when you look at the data for each candidate over time or by media outlet . There were certainly individual articles that fell closer to the extremes , but those are drowned out by a large swath of more neutral articles . This makes sense : Our sample consists of news articles , which feature more factual information and relatively few “ loaded ” adjectives . ( We calculate medians here to ensure that outliers do n't affect our results . )
That being said , we 're still able to pick up on subtle differences in tone because of our large sample size . We 've gathered almost 3,000 articles from The Washington Post alone since July 2015 . Even a difference of 0.012 between Clinton and Trump registers as statistically significant . Of course , we can debate its substantive significance .
Last question : What is The Data Face ?
The Data Face is a website that I [ Jack ] started last October , during my senior year at the University of Pennsylvania . We 've assembled a team of three “ data journalists ” who investigate topics in music , politics and sports . To date , we 've tackled questions like which cities have produced artists with the most Billboard Hot 100 hits , where the 2016 Warriors rank in NBA history , and , of course , how positively ( or negatively ) the media has treated each 2016 presidential candidate . All of our articles rely on data that we collect ourselves and present in interactive visualizations .
Marvel Studios has a surprise planned , but no one knows what it is . On Friday , Marvel Studios invited the press to attend a special event on Tuesday , October 28 , 2014 at El Capitan Theater in Los Angeles , California .
It also appears that Marvel is either opening the press event up to fans or holding a similar event for fans . Marvel teased on Twitter , “ In or around L.A. ? Head to our Facebook page for a special event announcement. ” So far , it does n't appear as if Marvel has posted the details of the fan event yet on Facebook .
What is the special event ? Well , since Marvel Studios is specifically mentioned on the press event , it rules out it being some type of comic book announcement . To set expectations , the special event could really range from being something relatively minor to being something huge . Disney has not revealed the details behind the special event , so the below is pure speculation . On the minor side , the event is being held on a Tuesday , which is the same day Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . is set to air an exclusive clip from Avengers : Age of Ultron . It 's possible that Marvel Studios just plans to give the press and fans an early viewing of this clip . However , considering how fast footage that is shown in public tends to show up on the Internet , this would seem like an unlikely reason for the event , since ABC probably wants fans to tune into Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . to see the footage for the first time .
On the medium side , Marvel Studios could be confirming something that has already leaked in the press . Variety recently reported that Robert Downey Jr. would be appearing in Captain America 3 and that the film would adapt the Civil War storyline from the comic books , but Marvel Studios has yet to officially confirm this news . With Variety ruining any hope Marvel might have had to save this announcement for a Comic-Con type event , Marvel Studios could be holding a special event to make it official before any more details leak out early . Also on the medium side , everyone knows that Marvel Studios is planning a Doctor Strange movie . For the last several weeks , the entertainment trade press has attached almost every leading male actor in Hollywood , who is n't already playing a Marvel character , to the project . Maybe , Marvel Studios has finally signed an actor to play Doctor Strange , and they want to make the announcement themselves before someone in the entertainment press does .
It is a simple fact of science that over evolutionary time , such as thousands or even millions of years , an organism 's diet can influence and alter its genetics to make it more adapted toward the food it eats .
The Effects of Agriculture
There is a natural assumption that the same is true for humans , as can be seen even in modern differences between different groups . Examples being those who can digest lactose in milk products and those who can digest seaweed and certain plants easier .
But one of the biggest changes to the human diet for all people occurred just over 10,000 years ago . That was the development of agriculture . It fundamentally changed the diet of people and also allowed permanent living places to form and civilization to truly begin .
Agriculture , however , did more than just change our society and how we live , it also changed our genes themselves , sometimes in very dramatic ways .
Fatty Acid Desaturation
The focus of a new study on evolutionary biology has looked at the changes that occurred for the groups of humans that left Africa and had to contend with different environment and temperatures . This also necessitated a change in agriculture and what was grown .
Two of the most important genes related to our consumption of food are FADS1 and 2 , which stands for fatty acid desaturase . These genes code for the same named enzyme that breaks down essential fatty acids and are found in some form in all organisms , as necessary to maintain cell wall function .
For this study , they were looking into the function of FADS genes that converts short chain version of omega-3 and omega-6 poly-unsaturated fatty acids into their long chain forms .
Different Strokes For Different Folks
Different cultures developed changes to these genes that altered the types of fatty acids that are broken down to match the foods consumed . For example , those in the far north that fared more on animal protein sources rather than plants formed enzymes more capable of breaking down animal fatty acids . The opposite has been the case for cultures that focused on eating only plants , such as in India and Asian cultures .
The study was conducted by researchers from the University of California , University of Copenhagen , Harvard University , and several other organizations and involved comparing the FADS genes from DNA samples of Bronze Age peoples that lived three to five thousands years ago to those living now from different regions .
The modern subjects were taken from Europe , South Asia , and Greenland for comparison . One of the effects discovered was an increase in production of arachidonic and eicosapentaenoic acids and a decrease of linoleic acid in Europeans for some time , while Inuit Greenlanders saw an opposing result . But then that changed as time went on .
This is due to the fact that the former acids are examples of long chain omega fatty acids , Animal fat contains more long chain fatty acids , so Europeans developed this early on in Bronze Age examples , but lately have been seeing the opposite occur as Europeans move more to a plant based diet . Similarly , the Inuit moved from a plant diet to one more based on marine animals , changing the types of FADS enzymes they required .
Another final difference found was more critical toward current health , with mutations that affected low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) levels . Europeans , during their alteration , developed regional mutations centered on these LDL levels , likely due to the plant diet promotion . These , in turn , affect cholesterol levels .
The Evolution Of Diet
These genetic variants and mutations of the FADS genes could lead to a better and more individualized understanding of the relationship between the genes and fatty acid usage in the body , allowing personalized diets to be constructed .
The changes in FADS genes appear to have been also occurring back before the split between Homo sapiens sapiens and the other subspecies of humans , though it does n't appear that such gene changes were obtained from inbreeding with the other human-like groups .
Overall , this research allows scientists to use the evolution of the human genome to determine and predict the effects of changes to important dietary genes .
With further testing on the differences mutations to the genes make , future dietary needs could be catered to specifically and be determined by the needs of each person .
Press Article Link
Study Link
Photo CCs : 1982 Farm near Hódmezővásárhely – Near to Elderberry Farm , Ploughing in autumn from Wikimedia Commons
The Israeli army early Thursday demolished the Nablus home of a Hamas man it says was the terror mastermind behind the fatal shooting of two parents in a West Bank attack two months ago .
The IDF said in a statement it razed the home of Ragheb Ahmed Mohammed Aluya , the leader of the cell that murdered Naama and Eitam Henkin in October .
IDF engineers accompanied by an elite unit entered the Dahiyya neighborhood in the West Bank city of Nablus to carry out the demolition after the High Court rejected a petition against the order on Tuesday .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
It was the second demolition in as many days , as Israel pushes ahead with a controversial policy it argues is key to deterring future attacks from Palestinians .
Low-level clashes broke out at the scene as the IDF carried out the work , according to the Palestinian Ma'an news agency . One Palestinian was hospitalized after being shot by a rubber bullet .
The Henkin couple were shot to death as they were traveling in their car near the West Bank settlement of Itamar . Their four small children – the oldest is 9 years old – were in the backseat and witnessed their murder but were uninjured .
The army said Aluya was the mastermind behind the terrorist attack , enlisting the rest of the cell , directing their activities as well as supplying the weapons used in the shooting .
The shooting was seen as the first major attack in a wave of terror that has rocked Israel for the last two months , leaving almost two dozen people dead on the Israeli side and over 100 Palestinians , many of them assailants , according to Israeli figures .
Pictures published in Palestinian media showed a hollowed out shell blasted in a second story apartment in a four story building . A poster with Aluya 's face and the Palestinian flag was hung above a hole blown through an outer wall .
The demolition of the Aluya home came less than a day after IDF engineers demolished the family home of Hamas terrorist Ibrahim al-Akari in the Shuafat refugee camp outside Jerusalem .
Al-Akari killed two Israelis in a vehicular terror attack in the city last November . Border Police Superintendent Jadan Assad was killed in the attack . Shalom Aharon Baadani , a 17-year-old Jewish seminary student hit by Akari 's car while riding a bicycle near the rail station , died two days later of their wounds .
The practice of demolishing the family homes of terrorists has been criticized by non-governmental groups , but government officials have defended its use as a deterrent against attacks .
Critics claim that in addition to being a form of collective punishment , house demolitions could motivate family members of terrorists to launch attacks themselves .
The Daily Telegraph ( quickly followed by the Daily Mail ) has claimed that `` an EU study has found 600,000 unemployed migrants are living in Britain at a cost of £1.5bn to the NHS alone '' . It duly found a politician – Douglas Carswell MP – sufficiently gullible to take these figures at face value :
`` These figures show that the wave of benefit migrants has become a tsunami of economic refugees fleeing the eurozone crisis to try to find jobs here . We can not both continue the free-at-the-point-of-use welfare state and benefits system and allow Europeans to flee the eurozone and come here . ''
Let 's just quietly ignore the fact that Carswell does n't seem to realise that Poland ( by far the largest source of EU migrants to the UK ) is not , as it happens , a member of the eurozone . There has been an increase in the number of Spaniards and Italians moving here – some of them work here at NIESR – but I do n't think anyone 's noticed a `` tsunami '' .
The report itself was produced in response to this sort of overheated rhetoric , particularly from the UK government . Which makes it somewhat ironic that when asked to provide some actual evidence of the existence of `` benefit tourism '' , the Home Office response ( according to the Telegraph ) was that :
`` We consider that these questions place too much emphasis on quantitative evidence . ''
Undeterred by this rather cavalier attitude to facts , the researchers working for the European commission have produced a detailed 291-page compilation of figures . It has now been published , so what does it actually show ?
First , the 600,000 figures simply reflects the fact that the Telegraph writer does n't know the meaning of the word `` unemployed '' . There are in fact two common usages in the UK :
• People who are not currently employed and are looking for work ( in the EU , this is measured by national labour force surveys ) . Importantly , such people may or may not be claiming benefits , depending on whether they are entitled to them . In the UK , approximately 100,000 EU nationals are unemployed .
• People who are claiming `` unemployment benefit '' , or jobseeker 's allowance . In the UK , according to the latest DWP figures , approximately 60,000 EU nationals are claiming JSA .
For comparison , the number of ( non-UK ) EU citizens resident in the UK is about 2.3 million . So where does the 600,000 figures come from ? In fact , as the report explains clearly ( page 3 ) , it is the `` non-active '' population aged over 15 – this means everybody who is not currently employed . So most such people are not unemployed at all . They include students , pensioners , those with caring responsibilities ( including stay-at-home parents ) , older schoolchildren etc . The corresponding figure for the UK population as a whole is 20 million or so , which puts the 600,000 figures in perspective .
So the 600,000 figures in itself tells us very little ( except that neither the Daily Telegraph writers nor Carswell have even the most basic understanding of labour market statistics ) . But what is meaningful are the following statistics ( accurate when the report was compiled ) :
• The `` non-activity '' rate among EU nationals in Britain is 30 % . For UK nationals it is 43 % .
• The unemployment rate among EU nationals in Britain is 7.5 % . For UK nationals it is slightly higher , at 7.9 % .
• The employment rate ( for those age 16-64 ) among EU nationals is 77 % . For UK nationals it is 72 % .
• Approximately 4 % of JSA claimants in the UK are EU migrants , although they represent well over 5 % of those in work .
All this paints a very consistent picture , albeit not one you 'd have got from the Telegraph or Mail , and none of it remotely surprising . As the commission says :
`` Mobile EU citizens are less likely to receive disability and unemployment benefits in most countries studied . ''
This is true for the UK . It has been known for some time that EU nationals ( especially the more recent migrants from the new member states ) were young and came here to work , and were therefore significantly more likely to be in work than natives – and that this , combined with rules around benefit eligibility , meant that they were much less likely to claim benefits . The report does have some new data on disability benefits : the chart here tells the story , which is that EU migrants are much less likely to claim disability benefits than natives . The disparity is much greater than that for JSA , consistent with the work-related nature of most EU migration .
What about the burden on the NHS ? The story here is likely to be very similar to that for disability benefits , and for similar reasons . Obviously , non-active EU migrants may place some demands on the NHS , and are less likely to be contributing substantially via the tax system . The same is true of non-active Britons . But since the non-activity rate is lower in the EU migrant population as a whole ( and remember many non-active EU migrants will be family members of those who are active ) overall this simply confirms the conclusion found by other studies – EU migrants , like migrants in general , pay in more than they take out on average .
So , once again , we are left with the conclusion that in the absence of immigration the public finances would be in an even worse state – we 'd be spending somewhat less , but we 'd lose even more than that on tax , both in the short and the long run , as the OBR has pointed out . The report also goes on to confirm what those of us who 've been working in this area have known for some time – there is no evidence at all that so-called `` benefit tourism '' is a significant issue .
To conclude , it is legitimate to be concerned about the broader impact of immigration on labour markets , especially for low-skilled workers – although the evidence is fairly clear that the impact of immigration , if any , is small , and it would be far more effective to address directly problems with education , skills and training . But calling for action on `` benefit tourism '' is a solution in search of a problem ; as Theresa May admitted last week , it 's about perception not reality . Responsible politicians should have more useful things to do .
• This article first appeared on the National Institute of Social and Economic Research website and is republished here with permission
Nothing is perfect . That is why pencils have erasers , software has Undo and Tennis now has the Player Challenge System .
However , there are many things which are near-perfect . For example Pete Sampras as a tennis player . Sampras was considered a winning machine , stayed world number one for six consecutive years , won 14 grand slams and achieved everything that a tennis player can dream of . Heck , they even beat Roger Federer , the then world number one , in an exhibition match 5 years after they retired . They had every shot in the book , excelled on all surfaces and practically won every tournament worth winning .
But Sampras was also considered by some as ‘ boring ' and ‘ mechanical ' . For most of their career , they played so well that their wins seemed even effortless at times . They won tournaments without much fanfare or “ heart in the mouth ” moments . Their general expressionless demeanor while slaying their opponents with textbook shots made them look mechanistic at times . There was no fuss about their game . The flamboyant Andre Agassi called them “ more robotic than a parrot ” and went on to say “ I envy Pete 's dullness . I wish I could emulate their spectacular lack of inspiration , and their peculiar lack of need for inspiration ” . Even Sampras 's autobiography read mechanistic ( compared to that of Agassi which actually contained these comments ) .
While many ( including Sampras ) considered Agassi 's remarks as snide , I consider them to be a compliment . Perfection is sometimes boring . Its meticulous , mechanistic , repetitive , unsexy . It typically lacks flair , emotions , drama and heroism . All greats – whether tennis players , opera singers , belly dancers or great managers – go about their business in a no-fuss way . Their successes seem foregone conclusions just like many of Sampras grand slam victories . The same applies to teams , groups and organizations . They do not depend on heroism and extraordinary efforts to succeed . Their victories do not seem miracles and historical . They do not hope that everything will just “ come together in the end ” . They do not depend on their star performer to perform inhuman acts to achieve target . Great professionals and teams have this very robotic , scripted and unappealing way of getting things – great things – done year in and year out . They are like Sampras effortlessly slaying their opponents on way to victory and raising the trophy as if it was always his .
Sun Tzu in their timeless classic “ The Art of War ” could not have said all this better :
Neither is it the acme of excellence if you fight and conquer and the whole Empire says , “ Well done ! ”
To lift an autumn hair is no sign of great strength ;
to see the sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight ;
to hear the noise of thunder is no sign of a quick ear .
What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins , but excels in winning with ease .
Hence their victories bring them neither reputation for wisdom nor credit for courage .
They win their battles by making no mistakes .
Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory , for it means conquering an enemy that is already defeated .
Advertisements
Libertarians and other sensitive liberals tend to oppose between one and three of the major ‘ war ' initiatives of the post-World War II American government . With nuclear weapons intimidating major powers away from conflicts between one another , they turn towards internal struggles to provide a collective sense of purpose and motivation while addressing what the press and the general public see as pressing crises .
All of these conflicts arise from the contemporary understanding of equality . When the concept of citizenship becomes diluted to include absolutely everyone—and potentially ever-larger groups of people from around the world—then no one enjoys a secure , privileged social position . Because the people are wary of any sort of hierarchy , any perceived or real inequality will often be portrayed as a problem to be corrected . When some people are poor and other people are rich , this tends to be portrayed as an affront to the natural order rather than something which is entirely natural to humans and animals of all kinds .
Liberals critical of these ‘ war ' measures tend to criticize them because they correctly see that , when all people everywhere are held to be equal , any oppressive treatment towards one group in society can and will be extended to everyone in society . In some cases , this policy tends to be preemptively extended to everyone immediately , as with humiliating & ineffective airport security measures put into place after the attacks of 9/11/2001 . To avoid damage to the equality principle through the use of extensive profiling , the state put into place a policy which harasses everyone who comes through the security lines equally , while compromising a bit by providing some extra roughing-up of people on a special list . The point of the mass pat-downs is to provide some political cover for the special watch lists ( which disparately impact Muslims , who are supposed to be equal citizens ) . Without the need to defend ever broader expressions of the equality principle , the security measures would probably be restricted to the people who posed the greatest risks of bombing or hijacking planes .
The War on Drugs emerged in the 1970s and 1980s in response to the rapid increase in crime following the Civil Rights and judicial reform movements . Under the pretext of controlling drugs , the state presumed a long list of new powers to wield over all citizens equally in an attempt to suppress crime . It wielded these powers unequally , violating the sometimes-historically-observed rights of some groups of citizens while leaving others mostly to their own devices .
In this , liberals correctly see that when the state rounds up Muslim citizens to detain without trial , the practice could easily be applied to all citizens within the state . They are correct in this , but tend to fail to see the larger problem presented by the extension of citizenship to anyone with a pulse . Retraction of citizenship and the franchise tends to be seen as impossible—liberals portray each extension as a historical advance on the same level as the development of vaccines and antibiotics . Because of this , it becomes much harder to resolve the actual problems posed by a relatively small religious minority . The inability of the state to recognize differences between groups of people , owing to the myths it tells itself about itself , results in a maddening decay of the underlying society that supports it .
Because the state proclaims to treat all citizens equally , the SWAT raids and aggressive pat-downs which tend to be restricted to some portion of the population in a furtive manner are sometimes seen as a threat to the liberty of the population as a whole . The state , being run by not-entirely-stupid people , does n't actually want to oppress the entire population . Just the segment of the population that causes more problems than they provide in revenue and opportunity to the state itself .
In this , liberals tend to sabotage their own state which enforces the pretense of the equality principle . If the state decides to not aggressively control crime , it loses valuable industrial centers to blight . When it does use aggressive measures against crime ( ‘ victimless ' or otherwise , on pretense of drug control or without the pretense ) , then liberals complain about the violation of the equality principle in abstract . But the liberal way of life ca n't survive without that sort of aggressive enforcement—as we 've seen in the destruction and scattering of countless American cities and towns since the middle of the 20th century .
Further , without basic peace and order , there is no liberal way of life . Your butcher shop ca n't go on selling meat if it 's being used as a place for hostage rescue dramas . It becomes harder to operate a train system if at any moment , assault rifle wielding bandits can start shooting it up . It becomes harder to run a shop downtown if at any moment some intellectuals at a national newspaper might raise a mob to burn down the local businesses . Less dramatically , it becomes more challenging to maintain bourgeois life when a large portion of a town 's inhabitants are derelict drug addicts . Also , it becomes impossible to live a bohemian , individualistic , hedonist lifestyle if your neighborhood comes under the authority of Sharia law or local gangsters . But in the name of preserving their own autonomy and authority , liberals will often extend their umbrella of toleration to startlingly illiberal groups .
Liberal intellectuals tend to regard these threats to order as secondary to threats to the popular assumptions which provide them with power and influence . If the general population loses fervor for the equality principle , then it loses fervor for providing the liberals with the authority to administer the government . And that group of people goes far beyond what the popular press usually calls ‘ liberals'—it applies to broader groups than that .
One of the reasons for this is that new frontiers in inequality are occasions for power grabs and new job opportunities for new cadres of liberals , who are much greedier for protected , make-work positions than the old aristocracy ever was . Inequality as a fact of existence is a sort of zero point energy source for the creation of new bureaucracies for the care and feeding of new classes of pious liberals . Resolving the problems is impossible—but what is possible is to create ever larger occasions for job opportunities for educated bureaucrats .
Fortunately or unfortunately depending on your perspective , the cycle ca n't go on forever .
Since 2012 , Vijay Mallya 's fortunes have been stuck in an unrelenting nosedive—and the erstwhile liquor baron of India may now be about to hit rock bottom .
In December 2012 , the spiffy but decidedly unprofitable Kingfisher Airlines was grounded ; then began the controlling battle for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers ; and now United Spirits ( USL ) —India 's largest liquor maker—wants Mallya out of the corner office .
It all started on April 25 , when the board of USL—in which global alcoholic beverage major , Diageo , acquired a majority stake in 2013—asked Mallya to step down as the chairperson after an internal probe found instances of financial irregularities .
The company owns some of India 's biggest alcohol brands , including Royal Challenge , and controls around 40 % of the Indian-made foreign liquor ( IMFL ) market . The IMFL market is estimated to be 70 % of the total liquor market , worth Rs30,000 crore ( $ 4.7 billion ) .
But Mallya declined to resign . “ I have been flooded with media queries of different types , inferences and speculation . All I wish to say is that I intend to continue as chairperson of USL in the normal manner , ” they said in a statement .
Mallya added that they have a valid contractual agreement with Diageo , which directly addresses their position as USL 's director and chairperson . ” I will discuss this bilaterally with Diageo PLC and not in the public domain , ” they said .
The inheritance
Mallya 's innings at the United Breweries ( UB ) Group , of which USL is a part , had begun rather differently .
At 28 , they inherited the UB Group from their father , Vittal Mallya , who died of a heart attack in 1983 .
As a student , Vittal saw opportunity in United Breweries Ltd ( UBL ) , which was started in 1915 by Thomas Leishman , a Scotsman , in Chennai . They kept buying UBL 's shares , and eventually in 1947 was elected to the company 's board at the age of 22 . Within a year , they were made the chairperson . Then , Vittal embarked on a string of acquisitions , and soon diversified into sectors like pharmaceuticals and food .
After 1983 , when son Mallya took control of the business empire , the acquisition spree continued . Some of Mallya 's buys included Berger Paints , which was sold off later ; Best and Crompton , an engineering firm in 1988 ; and Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers , which was called Malabar Chemicals and Fertilisers , in 1990 .
In 2005 , they entered the aviation sector with Kingfisher Airlines . By 2007 , Mallya had acquired global liquor companies like Whyte & Mackay and Liquidity Inc—and turned themselves into a billionaire .
The downfall
Once known as “ the king of good times , ” 59-year-old Mallya first faced major troubles in 2012 , when Kingfisher Airlines was grounded after years of financial woes . The airline did not make any profit since its launch in 2005 .
Reuters/Punit Paranjpe Vijay Mallya poses with top Indian models featuring on new 2004 special swimsuit calendar during its launch in Bombay on Jan. 11 , 2004 .
But Mallya spent extravagantly on advertising and marketing , even as the airline continued to make losses .
The final nail on the coffin , however , was Kingfisher 's acquisition of Air Deccan in 2007 , which resulted in huge debt for the company . Within five years , the company ceased operations .
Some banks declared the company as a wilful defaulter , but Mallya is contesting the claim . The airline owes more than Rs7,500 crore ( $ 1.2 billion ) to lenders .
But none of these business debacles blunted Mallya 's propensity to spend . Even as an unprofitable Kingfisher was stalling , Mallya dished out $ 1.8 million to buy a handful of Mahatma Gandhi 's belongings in an auction in New York in 2008 . Five years earlier , in 2003 , they had bought the sword of the former ruler of Mysore , Tipu Sultan , for Rs1.5 crore ( $ 237,797 now ) .
Mallya—who was nominated as a member of Rajya Sabha in 2002 and 2010—has significant interest in sports , too . UB Group entered into a joint venture with the Kolkata-based Mohun Bagan football club in 1998 . In the same year , the company picked up a stake in another club , the Kingfisher East Bengal Football Club .
Then in 2007 , Mallya bought the Spyker Ferrari Formula One team , reportedly for 90 million euros . The next year , they bought the Indian Premier League cricket team , Royal Challengers Bangalore , for $ 111.6 million .
Reuters/Prashanth Vishwanathan Vijay Mallya ( left ) and Toyota 's Formula One driver Ralf Schumacher ( right ) of Germany pose for photographers next to a life size replica of the Toyota Formula One race car in Mumbai on March 20 , 2007 .
But by 2012 , as their businesses spiralled out of control , they lost their “ billionaire ” tag .
And in October 2014 , Mallya got into a battle for the controlling stake in the Rs3,700 crore ( $ 586 million ) Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers .
Big fight
Now , Mallya is fighting with the USL board . Through an internal probe , the board has found that some loans taken by the UB Group companies from USL were used in an attempt to save Kingfisher Airlines . It also revealed that the company was involved in several related party transactions , which are being probed .
In a statement , Mallya said that the board 's decision is based on a report by audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) .
“ The PwC report essentially deals with past transactions entered into by USL between 2010 to 2012 , which have been duly reflected in the audited accounts of USL without qualification and in full compliance of law at the relevant time , and duly approved by the then directors of USL and its shareholders , ” they said .
They further said that PwC made no effort to contact the then USL board members or auditors to verify or seek clarity .
“ Prior to acquiring control of USL , Diageo conducted an extensive due diligence exercise at USL over four months in the course of which details of all transactions were disclosed to them . It is , therefore , surprising that such prior period matters have become the basis for actions today , ” the statement said .
They alleged that the report is based on half-truths and twisted facts , while adding that the inferences are unjustified and false .
On April 27 , Diageo said in a statement that it has received three reports from USL which point to alleged irregular financial transactions involving Mallya , UB group firms and other corporates as well as individuals .
“ Subsequent to its announcement on April 25 , USL has provided its inquiry report and all related materials to Diageo . Diageo notes the recommendation of the USL board and will now consider its position under its agreements with Mallya and United Breweries Holdings in the light of the inquiry report and materials provided to it , ” the statement said .
Defiant
Mallya now says that only the shareholders can oust him .
But , according to Institutional Investor Advisory Services , a proxy advisory firm , Mallya must step down from the board till the recent allegations of financial improprieties—and the cloud over theirs being named as a wilful defaulter over Kingfisher Airlines—are cleared .
“ Dr . Mallya has been defiant , saying that they have a contractual agreement with Diageo to hold their position on the board . But , Dr. Mallya forgets that directors have a fiduciary responsibility towards shareholders and the company itself , ” it said in a note ( pdf ) .
“ A board position can not be a goal in itself—it must serve the interest of the company and its stakeholders . Therefore , Dr. Mallya must ask himself—does fight to stay on the board serve the company or its stakeholders at this stage ? ” it added .
Meanwhile , it is not clear who will Mallya hand the baton to in the group with their son , Siddharth , chasing a career in movies in Hollywood . In 2012 , Mallya reportedly had plans to make their son the next chairperson .
Not only have those aspirations evaporated , there does n't seem much left for Mallya to pass on in the first place .
A federal judge 's ruling that stopped construction of a West Virginia wind farm to protect an endangered bat underscores the growing conflicts between green energy and imperiled wildlife .
But the case , thought to be the first of its kind involving a wind energy project , seems unlikely to derail other projects , as some wind energy advocates have feared , unless the operators ignore endangered species laws .
In the West Virginia dispute , a subsidiary of wind developer Invenergy called Beech Ridge Energy applied to build a 122-turbine project along an Appalachian ridgeline in Greenbrier County . The county is home to the Indiana bat , which the federal government listed as endangered in 1967 .
“ This is a case about bats , wind turbines , and two federal policies , one favoring the protection of endangered species , and the other encouraging development of renewable energy resources , ” wrote Judge Roger W. Titus of the Federal District Court in Maryland in Tuesday 's ruling . “ The two vital federal policies at issue in this case are not necessarily in conflict . ”
That 's because under the Endangered Species Act , developers can apply for an “ incidental take permit ” that allows the inadvertent killing of protected wildlife if other measures are taken to protect the animals .
Invenergy told federal wildlife officials that surveys had not detected the Indiana bat at the West Virginia wind farm site . Although officials at the Fish and Wildlife Service had urged the company 's consultants to conduct more extensive surveys , a West Virginia state agency approved the project and construction of the wind turbines began .
The Animal Welfare Institute , a Washington-based nonprofit group , sued to stop construction . An initial assessment of the project had estimated that it would annually kill 6,746 bats of all kinds .
After listening to expert testimony from both sides , Judge Titus concluded that Invenergy 's consultants avoided undertaking surveys that would have shown the presence of Indiana bats at the project site .
“ By a preponderance of the evidence , that , like death and taxes , there is a virtual certainty that Indiana bats will be harmed , wounded , or killed imminently by the Beech Ridge Project , ” the judge wrote in their ruling . “ This court has concluded that the only avenue available to defendants to resolve the self-imposed plight in which they now find themselves is to do belatedly that which they should have done long ago : apply for an I.T.P. ” ( I.T.P . refers to incidental take permit . )
“ The development of wind energy can and should be encouraged , but wind turbines must be good neighbors , ” they added , noting that other wind developers have applied for incidental take permits .
While such permits allow projects to go forward , obtaining one can be a years-long process involving the drafting of elaborate habitat conservation plans .
In a statement , Invenergy said that it would apply for a take permit for the West Virginia project . Judge Titus restricted the operation of the turbines that have been built to winter months when the Indiana bat hibernates .
“ We do n't have to choose between having a wind development or other renewable energy projects and complying with the Endangered Species Act , ” said Johanna Wald , a senior attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council , which was not involved in the West Virginia case . “ There is potential for wind projects to adversely impact birds and bats and that 's why it 's so important to choose good sites for these projects . ”
The ruling comes as dozens of solar power plant projects planned for the desert Southwest increasingly face conflicts over endangered species such as the desert tortoise and fringe-toed lizards .
To try to head off those issues , some developers are hiring scores of biologists to look for protected wildlife and applying for take permits as they move through an extensive licensing process .
Brazilian Artist Butcher Billy has reimagined a number of post-punk and new-wave icons as Marvel superheroes ( he did DC earlier ) , and the results , a few of which are below , are perfect . Siouxsie Sioux turns into the Scarlet Witch , Mark Mothersbaugh becomes Iron Man , and John Lydon ( a.k.a . Johnny Rotten ) turns into a scowling , bird flipping Wolverine . While it 's interesting to think about how these icons ' personalities would mesh with each superhero , it 's also interesting to think about how much better or worse each of these musicians would be at being superheroes than their fictional counterparts . Would Billy Idol-Thor even be worthy of carrying Mjolnir ? Does Spider-Ian Curtis have the wherewithal to keep dealing with the Green Goblin day in , day out ? Is Hulk-Morrisey somehow more mopey than Bruce Banner ? Knowing how insane comic book mythology is , the answers to these questions and more are probably already at a comic book shop near you .
[ via Dangerous Minds ]
Miserable looking Australian blobfish outpolls NZ 's kakapo to be named world 's ugliest animal
Updated
A slimy pink Australian fish which resembles a grumpy and obese old man with a bulbous nose has been voted the world 's ugliest animal .
The blobfish , which lives in deep waters off the southern Australian coast , has been named as the mascot of the British-based Ugly Animal Preservation Society , which aims to protect the world 's weird and wonderful creatures .
More than 3,000 people contributed to an online poll aimed at raising awareness of unsightly species that play an important role in the ecological web .
Living at depths of up to one kilometre , the blobfish or Psychrolutes marcidus is capable of enduring otherwise crushing pressures at great depth , but is becoming a casualty of deep-sea trawling .
The British Science Association announced the results at an annual festival in Newcastle , north-eastern England .
`` It was a clear winner , snatching 795 votes , '' spokesperson Coralie Young said .
The runner-up was New Zealand 's kakapo , a rare flightless owl-like parrot , and third was the axolotl , a Mexican amphibian also called the `` walking fish '' .
Other candidates were the proboscis monkey , which has red genitals , a big nose and a pot belly , and the Titicaca water frog , which also goes under the less-than-scientific moniker of `` scrotum frog '' .
`` It 's a light-hearted way to make people think about conservation , '' Ms Young said .
The blobfish 's reward is to be enshrined as the official mascot of the Ugly Animal Preservation Society , a loose association of stand-up comedians who humorously champion endangered but visually unappealing species .
`` The Ugly Animal Preservation Society is dedicated to raising the profile of some of Mother Nature 's more aesthetically challenged children , '' it says on its website .
`` The panda gets too much attention . ''
ABC/AFP
Topics : animals-and-nature , animals , animal-science , conservation , offbeat , human-interest , australia
First posted
My santa sent me the perfect snacks from Iceland ! A bag of `` 3 Sambo Pristur '' chocolates with licorice inside and a bag of EG Fiskverku harðfiskur ... hard fish . I was n't so sure about licorice with chocolate but they were delicious . The chocolates almost all got ate in 2 day by my boyfriend and me . I just tried the dried fish , and I have to say it took some skill and research on how to eat it . My match told me to rip off a piece and add butter and then cook the skins with butter . I see what they mean , that skin is tough ! The meat though , is so delicious . I love fish and dried meats so this was perfect for me , and with some grass fed butter slathered on top , just delicious . I told them I was on a Paleo diet , but still wanted some snacks , and they met that perfectly !
Better than expected , what a great treat !
... Now where can I get some dried fish in the US ?
Posted on behalf of Michele Catanzaro .
At the moment of their death , Chilean poet Pablo Neruda had advanced prostate cancer with extended metastasis , according to the first analysis of their remains , carried out by the Chilean Legal Medical Service ( SML ) . The results were delivered yesterday to Mario Carroza , the prosecution judge who is investigating the cause of the Nobel laureate 's death in 1973 .
Whether the death was caused by that cancer or by poisoning , as a key witness has claimed , may be cleared by a toxicological analysis that is being done in North Carolina .
Neruda 's body was unearthed from their tomb in Isla Negra , Chile , in early April , as part of an investigation opened after Neruda 's former driver Manuel Araya said that the real cause of the poet 's death was an unscheduled injection that they received a few hours before dying .
The first set of analyses included histological and radiological tests . The SML declined to provide more details but the Chilean newspaper El Mercurio reports that the experts ' team has found “ irregular destruction ” and osteonecrosis in bone fragments of the dorsal and lumbar vertebrae , features of the bone metastasis that occur in advanced prostate cancer .
Gillian Brassil works in video production in Santa Fe . They have previously written for GQ and the New York Times Magazine .
From 2008 to 2010 , Beau Cribbs served as the body man—a politician 's ever-present personal assistant—for Tim Kaine , then the governor of Virginia and now the Democratic candidate for vice president . A few hours before the official announcement , I spoke to Cribbs by phone to see what they could tell us about Kaine 's personality behind closed doors .
So , the question on everyone 's mind : Boring or not boring ?
Story Continued Below
A boring person is someone you would dread getting stuck next to at a party , or someone you would n't want to go on a transatlantic flight with . Tim Kaine can talk to you about anything , and they can talk about it much more eloquently than you could . I think he 's just gotten a bad rap because they do n't get in Twitter fights , and they do n't wear trucker hats with campaign slogans on them .
Are they a funny guy ?
Yeah , they are—and I mean this in the most endearing way possible—he 's got dad jokes . … They get all kinds of humor , but he 's just kind of—I do n't know , he 's not deadpan ; he 's a little goofy . Here 's a story . It 's not about them cracking me up , but it just kind of gives you a picture of their personality . So , we spent lots of late nights together in the car , on the road , and they know a lot about baseball trivia . They would try to stump me in the car . I 'm a sports nerd too , so we 'd try to stump each other that way . We 'd also play really weird songs that we had in our libraries and try to stump the other person . Like , “ Do you know what this song is ? ” and then we 'd play it and kind of go back and forth there—just funny , weird songs that you admit to having .
Like what ? Do you remember a specific one ?
They used to play—this is kind of funny—he used to play a song by Elvis Costello called “ Blame It on Cain. ” The chorus is , “ Blame it on Cain , do n't blame it on me . It 's nobody 's fault , but we just need someone to burn ” or something like that . So if they were getting beat up by Republicans or beat up in the media , he 'd say like , “ Hey , want to hear my favorite song ? ” And he 'd play “ Blame It on Cain . ”
Anyone who 's seen Veep knows that the body man has to carry the boss 's bag of stuff . What was in Tim Kaine 's ?
You 're not going to believe this—he would always carry a few harmonicas in their briefcase . He 's pretty good . He 's not , like , a virtuoso , but they can hold their own .
You 're not going to believe this—he would always carry a few harmonicas in their briefcase . ”
Any other daily rituals ?
I was instructed by the person I replaced : “ If you see a Dr. Pepper in a green room , snag one. ” So they would have a mid-afternoon Dr. Pepper , a 2 or 3 o'clock post-lunch Dr. Pepper .
Obama vetted them for VP in 2008 , but passed them over . How did that go over ?
One thing I really admire about Kaine is that they never gets too high or too low when things are going well or not so well . He 's got a very steady hand , and they were that way the whole time I worked for him . And they were more or less that way the whole time . They just did their job and knew that like , 99.9 percent of this was totally out of their hands , so they just kind of let things happen the way they did .
One time , we were in the car late at night driving back to Richmond . I just blurted out : “ Do you ever play what-if ? Do you ever think about what it would be like if Obama had picked you and not Joe Biden ? ” And they said , “ Look , I get one shot at being governor . I ca n't play the what-if game , because it would drive me crazy , and it would be a distraction . ”
So if I ask you “ What 's the happiest you saw them and what 's the angriest you saw him , ” there would n't be notable times ?
The happiest I saw them was the day after Obama got elected . They were basically skipping through the hallways . But the next day , they did their post-election interviews then went right back to work .
People seem to be mad that he 's not more controversial .
There was an interesting article in the Richmond Times-Dispatch on Thursday . A longtime political columnist named Jeff Schapiro interviewed the person Kaine beat running for governor 11 years ago , and the person they beat running for senate four years ago . And basically it was about : Do n't underestimate a guy like Tim Kaine . He 's a lot more politically savvy than you might think , and they make really strategic decisions . They come off as Mr. Nice Guy , and they are a nice guy , and both of them say he 's a nice guy , but it 's not like he 's Mr. Rogers .
Does that accord with your experience of him , this like , “ He 's a nice guy , but he 's no Mr. Rogers ” ?
No . I guess I meant he 's no Mr. Rogers meaning : Mr. Rogers would n't know how to run for Senate , you know what I mean ? And Mr. Rogers did n't go to Harvard Law School . No offense to Mr. Rogers—I love Mr. Rogers . Let 's not turn this into an anti-Mr. Rogers piece , please .
That 's the headline .
Yes , “ Kaine Staffer Hates Mr. Rogers . ”
Tim Kaine vs. Mike Pence , improv comedy duel . Who wins ?
Well , I can speak for Kaine . So , in addition to being a speechwriter , I am an occasional comedian here in Richmond . I have a comedy show , and the first guest on my first show , two years ago , was Kaine . They came on , and they were genuinely funny . They sent me an email earlier in the day and said like , “ What should I wear ? Should I look like a slightly respectable aging hipster , or should I look like a minor-league third base coach out for a night on the town , or should I look like a soccer dad wearing jeans ? How should I look here ? ” And I read it on the show ; it was like , “ I 'm just going to read this email , ” because it was super—it was genuinely funny .
Do they have a signature dance move ?
Oh , boy . Uh , yeah , it 's dad dancing . He 'll shake their hips occasionally . I think there are lots of rules for politicians , one of which is : Try not to dance if you can help it , and I think that 's one of them . So , I do n't know what their signature move is , but whatever it is or whatever it 's called , I 'm sure their children are mortified .
Did you ever see Kaine do anything that could upend the campaign if news got out ? It sounds like the hip shimmy could be it .
It could be . We 'll see . I 've totally derailed the Clinton campaign now that their secret 's out .
This interview was edited and condensed .
Easy to set up , easy to use . Watch your content wherever you want .
It does what it says on the tin : streams a range of media onto any TV . Great for when travelling ( hotels , friends , parent 's house ) . Fire up Netflix , Hoopla , Youtube , BBC iPlayer etc on your phone or laptop and then you have the option to cast to the TV . Quality of picture is pretty good , even on a less-than-great broadband connection . What 's particularly great with this Google device , compared to the cheap Chinese Miracast knock-offs , is that once the streaming is taken over by the dongle , you can then browse other things on your phone , or let it sleep . It hands off the streaming from your mobile device or laptop to the Chromecast .
Verified purchase : Yes | Condition : Pre-owned
A huge balloon of magma about 15 times the size of London 's Olympic stadium is growing beneath the holiday island of Santorini .
Historic : Santorini 's stunning landscape ( Picture : Getty )
Geologists led by Oxford University say the chamber of super-heated rock expanded from ten to 20million cubic metres between January 2011 and April this year .
The balloon is so big it has forced the Greek island upwards by 14cm ( 5.5in ) in that time . It also triggered a series of small earthquakes , the first seismic activity in 25 years .
The movements were spotted by Michelle Parks , an Oxford University DPhil student , on field trips and using satellite radar images .
‘ The tour guides , who visit the volcano several times a day , would update me on changes in the amount of strong smelling gas released from the summit , or changes in the colour of the water around the islands , ' Ms Parks told Nature Geoscience .
The team says the magma balloon does not mean an eruption is about to happen . Neither can they answer the biggest question : when will it erupt ? Santorini is loved by media tycoon Rupert Murdoch and Take That 's Mark Owen among others .
It was devastated by an enormous volcanic explosion in about 1620BC .
Diane Clarke Jack of Orlando raises their hand in prayer during a memorial service at First Baptist Church for victims of the shooting at Pulse , a gay nightclub , that killed 49 people . ( Adrees Latif/Reuters )
In the wake of the terrorist massacre at a gay nightclub here , there have been prayers and pledges of solidarity with the gay community from many people who have actively fought against gay rights .
But despite the outpouring of emotion , few think it will change hearts or minds in a state that has waged a long and bitter battle over equality for gay men and women .
“ Of course not . Of course not , ” said Terry DeCarlo , executive director of the GLBT Community Center of Central Florida . “ Everybody is , ‘ LGBT , oh , we love our LGBT ; oh , we 're there for our LGBT community . ' They 're there now because there 's a tragedy . Will they be there next week or the week after or a month from now or two months from now ? ”
The fight over gay rights in Florida has been contentious for a decade and flared anew earlier this year . For months after the Supreme Court made same-sex marriage legal nationwide , Florida 's law barring it remained on the books and the heavily Republican legislature failed to take up legislation to ditch it . A federal judge declared two laws and provisions of the state constitution that defined marriage as being between a man and a woman unconstitutional in March .
Nadine Smith , executive director of Equality Florida , the state 's largest gay rights advocacy organization , said the shooting has laid bare the fact that many elected officials still do not support equality for gay men and women .
Javier Antonetti went to Pulse with their younger brother to hang out with friends on Saturday night . After the attack it took nearly a day before they found out if their brother survived . ( Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post )
“ People say there are stages of grief , ” Smith said . “ Today I am feeling angry . The question has now been called upon the people of Florida : Will you uproot this toxic dehumanization of the LGBT community , or will you , by action or indifference , allow us to be treated as inferiors in laws that protect our basic rights ? ”
[ The new norm : When tragedy hits , Americans stand divided ]
Since 2009 , gay rights groups have lobbied lawmakers to pass the Florida Competitive Workforce Act , which prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in employment , housing and public accommodations . The bill failed to pass again this year .
Smith , who has been director of Equality Florida for two decades , says the state continues to undermine federal legislation passed to ensure non-discriminatory policies for LGBT people . After the Supreme Court 's same-sex marriage ruling , Gov . Rick Scott ( R ) signed the Pastor Protection Act , a 2016 law that shields religious entities and individuals from lawsuits if they refuse to administer same-sex weddings .
“ They wanted to insult us and deliver the message that even if you get what we have , we are going to put an asterisk by it , ” Smith said .
Scott has been criticized for offering thoughts and prayers after years of doing little for the gay community , and for waiting several days before explicitly noting that the attack on the Pulse nightclub targeted gay people .
“ We pray for our LGBT community . Our Hispanic community . Our state . Our nation . This was an attack on every American . We are # OrlandoStrong , ” Scott , who wept as they visited a memorial here , tweeted on Tuesday . Their office did not respond to a request for comment .
View Graphic Since 2013 , state legislatures have introduced 348 bills that aim to limit LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ) rights , according to data collected by the American Civil Liberties Union and analyzed by The Washington Post .
In a contentious interview this week , CNN anchor Anderson Cooper asked Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi ( R ) , who defended the state 's ban on same-sex marriage in court , if it was hypocritical for them to call themselves a champion of the LGBT community after the shooting .
Bondi noted that some gay partners of shooting victims were having trouble getting information because they were not married . “ Is n't there a sick irony that you for years were fighting that very idea ? ” Cooper asked .
[ Orlando 's Latino community hit hard by massacre at nightclub ]
Bondi said they were defending the state 's constitutional ban on same-sex marriage , which voters approved in 2008 . In a statement Thursday , Bondi said they visited with people at a homeless shelter that serves LGBT teens this week and learned that “ they may be targeted by human traffickers , ” something they raise awareness about and is trying to prevent .
“ I question the motives . Where was they months ago ? ” said Bryan Douglas , a 39-year-old real estate agent who lives in Orlando and is gay . “ There was really no recognition of the community before what happened at Pulse . ”
But Douglas remained optimistic that Bondi and other politicians may have a sincere change of heart . In Utah this week , the state 's Republican lieutenant governor gave an emotional speech saying their “ heart had changed ” and apologizing for being unkind to gays and lesbians .
“ This could be the catalyst for change , ” Douglas said . “ That 's the hope . ”
But some who have witnessed the fights over gay rights up close in at the Capitol in Tallahassee are skeptical .
“ People have been arguing about these types of things for a decade and have dug in , ” said Mac Stipanovich , a longtime Republican strategist . “ Probably did not change their attitude in any significant way because of the Pulse shootings . ”
Nelson Diaz , the former chair of the Miami-Dade GOP , said they are supportive of gay rights but does n't believe that the Pulse shooting has anything to do with the issue . Instead , they said , it was an act of terrorism and a human tragedy .
“ I do n't think this is going to turn any kind of tide because it 's not really a gay issue , per se , ” Diaz said . “ Had it been at an African American club , would that necessarily improve race relations ? I do n't think so . ”
[ Obama visits survivors : ‘ Our hearts are broken , too ' ]
But in some places here , the shooting has led to changes . At First Baptist Church in Orlando , a congregation that spent years loudly fighting against expansions of gay rights , a pastor and an LGBT activist invited those in the audience who were lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender or questioning to come on stage and be prayed over .
Dozens from the crowd of more than 1,000 came forward , joining a host of clergy from several faiths who gathered to pray . A Pentecostal minister said they were praying for LGBT people because it 's what Jesus would have done .
The Rev . Joel Hunter of Northland Church noted their own inability to empathize with those who were attacked and invited a gay rights activist , Victoria Kirby York , the national campaigns director of the LGBTQ Task Force , to lead a prayer in their place .
“ I 've never been a part of a vulnerable community , ” Hunter said .
DeCarlo was skeptical that long-term support would come out of the vigil . The prayers were felt and they thanked those who offered them , they said , but they want more .
“ It 's nice to have that done , ” they said , “ But how about standing with us throughout the rest of the year in the non-tragedy times ? ”
Amy Moshier , a 30-year-old student , agreed .
“ Everyone who is using this to further their own agenda , it 's kind of annoying , ” said Moshier , who is a lesbian . “ Forty-nine people lost their lives . It makes me sad . ”
Thalia Ainsley , a 67-year-old transgender woman who retired from the Army , said anti-gay politicians who offered thoughts and prayers were “ phonies. ” They wanted action and was upset because “ they use the LGBT all the time as a whipping boy , a political thing , to get their career going with hatred . Once a tragedy happens they come running — ‘ I support you . ' ”
But Ainsley called this central Florida city one the most welcoming places for LGBT people they have ever been , and they said they think the shooting could spur a shift in attitudes both in Florida and around the nation .
“ A lot of times great change comes out of great tragedy , ” they said .
Anne Hull and Matt Zapotosky contributed to this report .
PORTLAND ( AP ) — Planned Parenthood of Northern New England is applauding approval by a Portland City Council committee to create a buffer zone around a Maine clinic to separate anti-abortion protesters from patients .
The council 's Public Safety , Health and Human Services Committee unanimously approved establishing a buffer zone on Tuesday after hearing from about 40 people who backed the measure , including some who said they 'd been harassed and threatened by protesters .
No one at the meeting spoke against the proposal .
Protesters have said in the past that they are simply exercising their First Amendment free speech rights and would bring legal action if a buffer zone is established .
The proposal will go to the council for a final vote , tentatively on Nov. 18 .
Planned Parenthood officials said the zone would safeguard patients .
filed under :
RALEIGH  N.C. lawmakers called a press conference this week saying they want to set the record straight on their plan of tax cuts and economic development . They criticized Gov . Roy Cooper 's efforts this week to paint the legislature 's tax plans as millionaire handouts . During a Wednesday press conference Reps. Bill Brawley ( R-Mecklenburg ) , Jason Saine ( R-Lincoln ) , and John Szoka ( R-Cumberland ) called out Cooper 's media campaign , saying Republican handling of the N.C. economy has yielded results , pointing specifically to state 's job growth and the increase of the standard deduction from $ 17,500 to $ 20,000 . This increases the amount of income that would be exempt from state taxes . The Senate says it adds up to nearly $ 1 billion in tax cuts and means 99 percent of taxpayers either pay less personal income tax or none at all. ” We are accused of not caring about people who earn less , we are accused about passing tax cuts only for the rich and the millionaires . Nothing could be further from the truth , ” said Szoka . “ The governor has resorted to double-speak trying to confuse North Carolinians on the positive impacts of our tax reform . … We have shown by what we 've done and by results that we 've achieved that we are committed to helping the economic life of all North Carolinians no matter how much they make or what type of job they have , ” added Szoka . “ We are here to help the whole state of N.C. and in our commitment to continuing tax reform that further helps our citizens , I call on Gov . Cooper to stop the double speak and get on board. ” Cooper 's office has been taking to social media to criticize the Senate 's proposed reduction of the state individual and corporate income tax , calling it a corporate “ giveaway , ” and its final numbers that spend about $ 600 million less than Cooper wanted . “ Unfortunately , Senate Republicans have prioritized yet another massive tax giveaway for corporations and the wealthiest that would give millionaires a tax cut 60 times larger than middle-class families , ” Cooper spokesperson Ford Porter reportedly wrote in a statement to ABC11 , a local Raleigh television station . “ Their plan blows a $ 600 million hole in our budget , which wrecks our ability to invest in education , disaster recovery and other priorities . Those are not the right priorities for our state. ” Brawley was an original sponsor of the JDIG program that provided a $ 40 million grant to Credit Suisse in an expansion of 1,200 jobs . Cooper announced the growth earlier this week . They said that while he 's glad Cooper is using the program , the governor 's simultaneous criticism of tax cuts is politically precarious . “ We would hope that we could get past the politics . This is n't campaign season for any of us . Let 's work on good policy for the state to benefit our people , ” Brawley said while explaining the JDIG program. ” It could be called a corporate giveaway , but to those 1,400 people who will get those high-paying jobs it 's a blessing , ” added Brawley . “ They do n't care what you call it , they got a nice job . That JDIG program that the governor is using is the grant we passed . And while he 's called it corporate giveaways in the past , I 'm glad to see their change of attitude and that he 's willing to use it to bring jobs to North Carolina. ” The press conference comes the same week that the Senate released its proposed state budget and the House plans their own . The two versions will be reconciled in committee with a final version presented to the governor for approval . The Senate increased spending by 2.5 percent in its budget with an additional $ 600 million in spending on education and the second of a three-year plan to raise teacher salaries , a priority that the House , Senate and governor have all agreed on in principle . “ We certainly like their tax package , ” said Saine . “ It brings forth a number of ideas . Where we go from here in this budget negation process , who knows  probably somewhere in the middle . We think they have some great ideas and we think we have some great ideas. ” The reality is what we are doing is working , ” added Saine . “ We certainly want to stay on that path . As we go through this budget negotiation process we are going to fund the things that we need to  teachers , schools , all the things that the budget does fund . But we are going to do it in a reasonable way . We 'll get through negotiations and find a happy place to move the ball forward. ” Cooper released their budget recommendations in March which increased state spending by 5 percent to $ 23.5 billion the first year of the biennium and $ 24 billion in the second year . Porter , from Cooper 's communications office , reportedly released to some media outlets a list of Cooper 's priority spending items that did not make the Senate plan , including a child care tax credit , $ 20 million for free community college for certain students , and $ 150 state stipend for teachers to purchase classroom supplies. ” Republicans inherited a $ 2.5 billion deficit after decades of liberal tax-and-spend policy that was promoted by others , including our now Gov . Roy Cooper when they were in the North Carolina General Assembly , ” said Szoka . “ Since then the House and Senate Republicans have made very tough decisions to put North Carolina 's fiscal house back in order . I will tell you that the results speak for themselves. ” Republicans point to the now $ 580 million budget surplus and as one of those results , while Cooper points to a new study out from the National Education Association , the lobbying group for public schools , that puts N.C. at No . 42 in a state list of per-pupil education spending . Retired state employees were also lobbying at the General Assembly this week calling for a cost of living increase in their retirement benefits , as lawmakers look toward negotiating a final budget proposal. ” North Carolina has a diverse population , and we are going to take all those concerns into consideration as we move forward , ” said Saine .
Related
Google ( s goog ) just sent out invitations to a “ special event ” in Kansas City on July 26 which is undoubtedly the launch of its much-anticipated fiber-to-the-home network . The search giant sent an invite Tuesday that reads , “ We would like to invite you to a special announcement about Google Fiber and the next chapter of the Internet . ”
The timing jibes with the Google 's statements about a planned summer launch and sources who told me the network would launch at the end of next week . Google announced plans to build the gigabit network back in February of 2010 and thousands of municipalities competed to be the future home of the planned network . In March , it selected Kanas City as the first location for Google Fiber .
Advertisement
Google said it wanted to build out the network so it could see what people might do with a full gigabit connection , but I also think this is Google 's answer to the ISP 's continued whining about how much networks cost to operate and how providers like Google or Netflix ( s nflx ) should pay them for delivering traffic across the ISP 's networks .
Soon , Google will have real data on what it costs to build and operate a wireline network — and in typical Google fashion I expect we 'll hear about how it has driven those costs down by building or adapting gear in a way traditional ISPs have n't . Hopefully at the event we 'll also learn more on what Google plans to charge for access to the network as well as if it plans to share it with other ISPs .
And clearly ISPs are worried . Just last week , we reported that Time Warner Cable — a Kansas City ISP — had placed posters around its headquarters asking employees to provide any information they hear about Google fiber . I wonder if anyone there got an invite to the Google event .
“ Inspiring Houston to fall in love with Rugby. ” These are the words Houston Strikers head coach Justin Fitzpatrick uses in their email signature block , a message to all what the Strikers intend to do in bringing rugby to Houston .
I had the pleasure of interviewing coach Fitzpatrick and they talked Major League Rugby , the Strikers ' combine , and rugby in Houston .
Jason Graves : A little about you coach ; what is your overall coaching philosophy ?
Justin Fitzpatrick : I believe in a continuity based game with individual players from 1-15 having the ability to take on an opponent and beat them , when coupled with a dominated set piece and an efficient defense you have the makings of a highly competitive team that plays exciting and engaging rugby for the players to play and the fans to enjoy .
Jason : What is your style of attack ?
Justin : I love to see the ball played up off of the deck with point of contact moved quickly . When this is coupled with an uncompromising physicality you have some very attractive and winning rugby .
Jason : What 's your preferred defensive system ?
Justin : Simply put , I believe in an efficient defense with players making their tackles , that sounds simplistic but the is often not given the focus it deserves with players owning making their own tackles and having the technical skills to complete those actions . In terms of systems , in an ideal world , teams can move between different systems for different opponents , conditions and field positions etc . That is a process of development however when you start from the basis that players take responsibility for making their individual tackles then all things are possible .
Jason : What is the biggest challenge you 've encountered so far regarding setting up a new professional rugby club ?
Justin : Its all a challenge but a very exciting one . It was a very strong factor in my taking this role was the fact that this has never been done before , as far as I 'm aware . When you think of new teams that have formed in the past like ACT Brumbies or the Western Force that has happened with the guiding hand and finance of an NGB [ national governing body ] . The Strikers are a private entity and thus really paving new ground .
Jason : There is a lot of focus on player development but what about coaches ; what would you like to see changed in regard to coaching development in the US ?
Justin : Player and coach development are both critical and we are committed to helping where we can in both areas . This was spoken loud and clear by our community and we have listened and will deliver .
Jason : The Raptors and Huns have been building player developmental programs internally ; how are the Strikers addressing the MLR 's development requirement ?
Justin : I do believe and rightly so that each team and region will approach this conundrum in a slightly different way . We are committed to working with our community to help them and have a positive impact on both player and coach development .
Jason : What is the Strikers ' relationship like with clubs in the region ?
Justin : We have excellent relationships with each and every club in the greater Houston area . We want to support the good work , they are in their areas and have been avidly listening to their wants and needs and feel confident we can support the local rugby community so that we can help grow the game in Houston together .
Jason : Speaking of Glendale ; with the launch of their U20 squad do you foresee a MLR U20 league like the Aviva Premiership 's A League ?
Justin : I am a huge fan of the U20 competition level it is a great bridging point for those that need it into senior rugby from High School and youth programs and helping them develop at the appropriate rate for the individual .
Jason : The Strikers have made several big signings ; any local club talent emerging we should know about ?
Justin : There is a lot of local talent in the Houston area we have already signed three local players Jackson Slater and Chris Slater from the Lone Star Rugby Club and Jack Riley from West Houston Rugby Club . We feel confident that our combine series will uncover some more gems .
Jason : How does Houston go about recruiting players ?
Justin : There will be multiple entry points into the Strikers program , that could mean being identified at a combine , recommendation from a coach or through our network of scouts around the country and further afield or simply just reaching out to us on social media and saying ‘ hey coach pick me ! ' You would be surprised how many rugby players and athletes contact us on a daily basis looking for an opportunity .
Jason : Tell me a bit about the Strikers ' upcoming combine ; what are you looking for in a potential Striker ?
Justin : We are looking for athletes with or without current exposure to rugby that have the physical and or the technical skills coupled with the ability to be quick learners .
Jason : What do you think it will take to bring our nation 's top talent back home from overseas ?
Justin : Having moved as a player and as a coach around the world I understand that people move for different reasons at different points of their life . It can be for money , prestige , family , lifestyle or as an opportunity to work with a certain coach or play for a certain team . It is our responsibility to make sure we can tick as many of those boxes as we can so that should an overseas player want to return to the US then the Strikers is at the heart of the conversation and thought process .
Jason : How do you see the MLR changing the future of rugby in the US ?
Justin : I think that MLR is [ an ] incredibly important piece of the equation to help grow the game in the USA . As members , we have all committed to helping grow rugby and support our communities , which the Strikers and myself are passionate about delivering on . Having athletes in year-round training environments where they can compete daily to be better and compete against their peers around the country in an exciting nationwide competition and be paid to do so is game changing in its scope and will help us close the game internationally .
Jason : I 've always said it 's not the rugby player or rugby fan we need to target but those who do n't yet know they love the game ; what do you think can be done to improve reaching those would be players/fans ?
Justin : We have to get out into the community and win hearts and minds and sell our great game and we all have a role in that . Being active in the community and running school programs is part of that , however the biggest game changer I believe for mainstreaming our sport and making it relevant for the current non-rugby civilians is having the game played in a proper stadium , with a decent seat and the ability to buy a hot dog , a drink , and some team apparel .
Jason : I 'm a huge believer that given an opportunity to play professionally young athletes will transition to rugby ; are you seeing an increase in local youth interest in rugby ?
Justin : From the conversations we have had within our local community we are seeing great growth in the game at high school and youth levels . I believe this growth will only increase especially as cities such as Houston have a professional team to get behind and aspire to play for . It is well documented how many athletes drop out at various levels from traditional American sports and rugby is certainly benefiting from that especially as it is a game for all shapes and sizes .
Jason : With your move from Seattle Saracens to Houston what 's it going to be like heading back to face the SeaWolves ?
Justin : I have been a professional player and coach all my adult life moving from one program to another is part of that life . I am incredibly proud of what I achieve and built in collaboration with Seattle Saracens club President Kevin Flynn , we oversaw growth in participation numbers in both the men 's and women 's programs in both 7s and 15s , we produced multiple Eagles both male and female in 7s and 15s alongside winning multiple trophies , leagues , and titles . During my tenure , we partnered with one of the leading rugby programs in the world in the Saracens and created a firm base for the club to operate from so there is much fondness associated with the city . That said the opportunity to move to Houston and be part of the Strikers was and is on a different level and the challenge and opportunity was one not to be overlooked . I do have many friends and happy memories made in Seattle and will look froward to returning to the city and playing the Seattle SeaWolves .
Jason : I 've got you on my list of ideal interviews as the next Eagle head coach ; if USA Rugby comes asking you to replace John Mitchell what do you say ?
Justin : I am flattered that I am on your list . I was incredibly proud to coach the USA Eagles as part of Mike Tolkin 's staff , I look back at that time with great fondness that said the biggest help I can be to the national team right now is to build a highly competitive Strikers team that produces Eagles that can compete and win on the world stage . That is good for the Strikers and good for the Eagles and I am committed to do [ sic ] that .
Jason : We 're two years away from the World Cup ; do we have a realistic shot at beating either France , Argentina , or England ?
Justin : Just like the last World Cup , we will go as the lowest ranked team in the pool by some considerable way , that said rugby is n't played on a piece of paper and unlike the last World Cup cycle the national team will have players pulled from domestic professional squads that are playing more games at a higher level and benefiting from being part of daily training environments and that will help no end to make the Eagles more competitive .
Jason : If you could change anything about the current rugby environment in the US what would it be ?
Justin : I think Gandhi said it best when they said , ‘ be the change you want to see in the world . ' I truly believe that we all have a role to grow our great game . Most of the American ‘ family ' are doing a great job whether that 's coaching the under 10s or being the treasurer for the local club . Simply put we all have a role as rugby people practically and as ambassadors to help grow the game and spread the good word of rugby ! Must people already do a fantastic job at this to them I say keep going and to the rest I say do n't underestimate your individual power to create positive change for our sport !
Jason : 10 years from now what 's the rugby environment like in the US ?
Justin : I would love to see a similar growth of rugby as MLS had in its first 10 years if we achieve that we will be in a great space .
Jason : I hear a lot of negative talk about how big our nation is ; do you see it as the challenge so many seem to think it is ?
Justin : It is a big country no doubt about that and because of its size we have challenges that other nations bar perhaps Russia and Canada has [ sic ] to deal with in terms of weather , travel distances , and time changes . That said none of these challenges are impassable and the MLS , NFL , NHL , and NBA seem to have made it work . Many of them can be solved regionally in the community so that solutions can be found that work in a given area and growth can continue .
Jason : What excites you the most about launching the MLR next year ?
Justin : What is not to get excited about ? There is so much to be excited about as a rugby man ! I , like a lot of people , ca n't wait for the season to start .
Jason : Finally , coach , what else would you like everyone to know about you and the Strikers ?
Justin : We are all incredibly excited about what we are collectively building in Houston and ca n't wait for the start of our inaugural season .
-By Jason Graves
Jason Barnes has a new tool at their disposal that should help them in their quest to become a professional drummer : a drum-enabling robotic arm . The unique prosthesis was announced last week by the Georgia Institute of Technology .
As demonstrated in this video , Barnes , a below-the-elbow amputee , possesses a robotic arm prototype that allows them to experience three-way independence between their two arms—meaning that they can perform three distinctive stick patterns simultaneously . That 's a technical capability unimaginable to most drum set players ( the inimitable jazz drummer Eric Harland aside ) .
`` The drummer essentially becomes a cyborg , '' said Gil Weinberg , the professor who created the robot . `` The second drumstick has a mind of its own . It 's interesting to see them playing and improvising with part of their arm that they do n't totally control . ''
The arm uses a technique called electromyography , picking up electrical signals in Barnes ' upper arm . By tensing their right biceps in different ways , Barnes is able to control how tightly their robotic arm holds the drumsticks , and thus the manner in which the stick strikes the drum . This auxiliary device has enabled Barnes to regain much of their former ability , and it has given them the ability to perform tasks that will likely make them the envy of quite a few metal and jazz drummers and others who push the technical boundaries of the instrument .
Barnes told New Scientist some of the personal background that got them to Weinberg 's lab . Two years ago , their dream of becoming a professional drummer was put on hold when they were electrocuted while cleaning out a vent hood at a restaurant . Barnes ' right arm was amputated below the elbow .
As they recovered from the accident , Barnes built themselves a basic drumming contraption out of a brace and some springs that enabled them to hold a drumstick with their right arm and play with a semblance of their former ability . Despite feeling somewhat limited in their playing at the time , they were able to gain admission to the Atlanta Institute of Music and Media in Georgia .
It was there that a drum teacher introduced them to Gil Weinberg , whose lab was already well-known for its ability to build stand-alone improvising jazz bots like the head-banging , marimba-playing robot Shimon . Sanders , Weinberg , and Barnes collaborated to build Barnes a robotic arm in hopes that it would allow them to regain their former facilities and perhaps even push the envelope of what is humanly possible on a drum kit .
The possibilities go well beyond drumming ; an embedded mechanical third arm could be used by fully abled folks , too , like astronauts , surgeons , or others performing complex and time-sensitive physical tasks .
Barnes says he 's still exploring the possibilities of their new robotic arm , and Weinberg 's team says that they have only scratched the surface of what is possible with it . Still , the prosthetic device will make its concert debut at the Atlanta Science Festival on March 22 , where Barnes will play drums alongside Sanders and some of Weinberg 's lab 's other robotic creations . Prepare yourselves to do the robo boogie .
Those higher rates , in turn , add to the country 's overall debt burden and can force the government to reduce spending , increase taxes or both . That difficulty has been well-illustrated recently in Greece and Portugal , with strikes and protests as citizens march in the streets to oppose tough austerity measures that directly reduce entitlements and state benefits .
“ Growth alone will not resolve an increasingly complicated debt equation , ” Moody 's said . “ Preserving debt affordability ” — the ratio of interest payments to government revenue — “ at levels consistent with Aaa ratings will invariably require fiscal adjustments of a magnitude that , in some cases , will test social cohesion. ” The United States , Britain , France and Germany have always been rated triple-A by Moody 's , with the United States first rated in 1949 .
Pierre Cailleteau , managing director of sovereign risk at Moody 's , stressed that none of their ratings were “ threatened so far . ”
But they did differentiate among the top countries , saying that Britain and the United States are in the toughest position .
“ The U.K. and the U.S. are more tested than , say , Germany or France , ” Mr. Cailleteau said in an e-mailed response to a question .
“ Their rating relies on , more than in other countries , on their ability to repair the damage caused by the crisis on public finances , ” they added .
Without a stronger recovery , governments could encounter serious trouble in phasing out government support for the economy , Arnaud Marès , the main author of the report , said in a statement . That “ could yet make their credit more vulnerable , ” they said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Last May , Moody 's cut Japan 's Aaa rating to Aa2 , as the market grew increasingly uneasy with Japan 's debt burden .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For now , the United States debt remains affordable , Moody 's said , as the ratio of interest payments to revenue fell to 8.7 percent in the current year , after peaking at 10 percent two years ago . If that trend were to reverse , the Moody 's analysts said , “ there would at some point be downward pressure on the Aaa rating of the federal government . ”
The administration of President Obama estimates that the United States deficit will rise to 10.6 percent of gross domestic product in the current fiscal year , the highest since 1946 , and federal debt will reach 64 percent of gross domestic product . Government expenditures are expected to rise to a postwar high of 25.4 percent of G.D.P .
In Britain , Moody 's said , the risk is that the growth outlook proves too optimistic and tax receipts do not match forecasts , as the government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown has little room left to maneuver .
In that situation , the debt — which the government already predicts will stabilize at around 90 percent of G.D.P . — could balloon , undermining the credit rating .
In comparison to both Britain and the United States , the report said , households in France and Germany entered the crisis with relatively low indebtedness , and hence the governments have a little more room to maneuver . Yet both countries will find themselves under pressure to maintain financial discipline in the event that growth does not pick up .
Mr. Cailleteau at Moody 's said that “ discretionary fiscal adjustment ” — cutting programs or raising taxes — had become “ the principal means of repairing the damage that the global crisis has inflicted on government balance sheets , ” and it remained to be seen whether governments were capable of carrying out the painful measures necessary .
“ Growth will support some governments ' adjustment plans more than those of others , ” Mr. Cailleteau said in the report , “ but no government can rely on it . ”
There is also a danger that , with governments unwilling or unable to begin withdrawing stimulus , central banks could take the initiative to raise interest rates before the economy is ready , the report found . Such a situation might “ quickly compound an already complicated debt equation , with more abrupt rating consequences a possibility . ”
Moody 's praised Spain 's recent efforts to address its finances , although “ its adjustment process will undoubtedly be drawn out and painful . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As for the Nordic countries , the agency said the region entered the crisis in relatively good shape , and their credit ratings appeared to be well protected .
OK , now I see what the issue is ... Thanks for the clarification.I was n't actually talking about seriously going to a mod . My comment was tongue-in-cheek . If it did n't come off that way , then I apologize . Of course , everyone is 100 % free to not only use that phrase , but hate ( or love , or anything in between ) the game incredibly vocally as well . I would never want to stifle discussion on anywhere , let alone here.That being said - Ask your mom ( or the inevitable , I asked my mom and they said X ) jokes are crazy old at this point.Putting this thread back on track - Yes , the game is longer than Bayonetta . Someone a few threads ago mistranslated Kamiya 's comments saying it was the `` most expensive '' PG game ever ; however , what they were actually saying was that this game is probably the one where everyone one involved put in the most amount of effort . I 've never seen a team so dedicated to getting in right . Kamiya-san basically lived at the office for a couple of months .
5 years ago
Updated 10/9/2013 at 11:50am
Washington ( CNN ) - The government shutdown has stopped critical services for countless Americans .
But fortunately for members of the House of Representatives – the men and women who helped cause the shutdown – access continues to their taxpayer-subsidized Capitol Hill gym .
A senior Republican House aide confirmed to CNN Tuesday that while nobody is currently staffing the gym , House members are being allowed in for workouts and showers .
The gym is being cleaned , but towel service has been suspended .
House staffers are n't so lucky . Their gym has been deemed off limits for the duration of the shutdown .
Another House aide told CNN the decision to allow access to the members ' gym was made by Speaker John Boehner 's office , which is responsible for overseeing the shutdown on the House side of the Capitol .
Several House members have been known to sleep in their offices and shower in the private Hill gym – which is hidden away in the bowels of the Rayburn House Office Building - when Congress is in session .
A spokesperson for the Capitol Architect 's Office tells CNN that members get access keys to the gym when they join , and that some members keep personal items in the gym . The spokesperson added that allowing members access to such personal items factored into the decision to allow continued access to the gym as well .
Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D-Oregon , brought the issue to the House floor on Wednesday , arguing that `` some of the most fanatic '' lawmakers in the shutdown debate are regular users of the gym .
`` Mr. Speaker if you and the House Republicans are serious and not cynical about the shutdown , then shut down the House gym until this madness ends , '' they said .
Speaking to CNN Wednesday morning , Republican Rep. Steve Southerland of Florida said that `` for people to raise issues over the gym is somewhat petty , '' although Southerland said they do not have a gym membership .
The House gym 's exemption from the shutdown was first reported in the progressive blog ThinkProgress .
–CNN Senior Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
The development of 'brain-like ' computers has taken a major step forward with the publication of research led by the University of Exeter .
Published in the journal Advanced Materials , the study involved the first ever demonstration of simultaneous information processing and storage using phase-change materials . This new technique could revolutionize computing by making computers faster and more energy-efficient , as well as making them more closely resemble biological systems .
Computers currently deal with processing and memory separately , resulting in a speed and power 'bottleneck ' caused by the need to continually move data around . This is totally unlike anything in biology , for example in human brains , where no real distinction is made between memory and computation . To perform these two functions simultaneously the University of Exeter research team used phase-change materials , a kind of semi-conductor that exhibits remarkable properties .
Their study demonstrates conclusively that phase-change materials can store and process information simultaneously . It also shows experimentally for the first time that they can perform general-purpose computing operations , such as addition , subtraction , multiplication and division . More strikingly perhaps it shows that phase-change materials can be used to make artificial neurons and synapses . This means that an artificial system made entirely from phase-change devices could potentially learn and process information in a similar way to our own brains .
Lead author Professor David Wright of the University of Exeter said : `` Our findings have major implications for the development of entirely new forms of computing , including 'brain-like ' computers . We have uncovered a technique for potentially developing new forms of 'brain-like ' computer systems that could learn , adapt and change over time . This is something that researchers have been striving for over many years . ''
This study focused on the performance of a single phase-change cell . The next stage in Exeter 's research will be to build systems of interconnected cells that can learn to perform simple tasks , such as identification of certain objects and patterns .
This research was funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council .
Looking for a video from the 2019 SugarHouse Mummers Parade ? You have come to the right place ! Click and drag to scroll the videos .
Each and every year we clip every performance from our PHL17 Mummers broadcast and post them here after the parade begins , in real time .
Fancy Division Videos
Wench Brigade Videos
Comic Division Videos
Fancy Brigades Video
String Bands Video
Use the links below to see photos and video as we catalog them . We also have archives by group on those links .
String Bands : Aqua String Band , Avalon String Band , Broomall String Band , Duffy String Band , Durning String Band , Ferko String Band , Fralinger String Band , Greater Kensington String Band , Greater Overbrook String Band , Hegeman String Band , Pennsport String Band , Polish American String Band , Quaker City String Band , South Philadelphia String Band , Trilby String Band , Uptown String Band , Woodland String Band .
Fancy Brigades : 2nd Street Shooters Fancy Brigade , Avenuers Fancy Brigade , Clevemore Fancy Brigade , Downtowners Fancy Brigade , Golden Crown Fancy Brigade , Jokers Fancy Brigade , Satin Slipper Fancy Brigade , Saturnalian Fancy Brigade , Shooting Stars Fancy Brigade , South Philly Vikings Fancy Brigade , Spartans Fancy Brigade
Fancy Division : Golden Sunrise
Comic Division : Goodtimers Comic Club , Murray Comic Club , Landi Comic Club
Wench Brigades : Bryson Wench Brigade , Cara Liom Wench Brigade , Froggy Carr Wench Brigade , O'Malley Wench Brigade , Oregon Wench Brigade , Pirates Wench Brigade , Riverfront Wench Brigade , Saints Wench Brigade , Americans Wench Brigade
Show full PR text
New Industry-wide Survey of Emerging Trends in Parking Finds All Roads Lead to Technology
Industry-transforming innovations are changing the way we park
( PHOENIX , Ariz. - June 11 , 2012 ) According to the results of an industry-wide survey conducted by the International Parking Institute , increased demand for technology-related innovations account for half of the top ten trends in today 's $ 30 billion parking industry . Among them , cashless , electronic , and automatic payment systems ; real-time information about parking rates and availability via mobile apps ; and wireless sensing devices for improved traffic management .
`` Parking is all about mobility and connectivity , '' said Casey Jones , CAPP , chairperson of the International Parking Institute ( IPI ) , the world 's largest association representing parking professionals and the parking industry . Jones shared results of the 2012 Emerging Trends in Parking Survey at the IPI Conference & Expo in Phoenix , Ariz. this week where more than 2,500 attendees , 220 exhibitors , and parking pros from 25 countries convened .
Jones says survey results reflect the demand for technology , sustainability , revenue-generation , and customer service that are converging to earn the industry new respect from Wall Street , Silicon Valley , and every drivable place in between , as forward-thinking planners come to the realization that parking matters to the design of more walkable , livable communities and to broader transportation issues .
More than one-third of those surveyed see the demand for green or sustainable solutions as a top trend affecting the parking profession . It is estimated that about 30 percent of the cars circling a city at any given time are doing so as drivers look for parking . Aside from the frustration factor , those cars are creating traffic congestion , viewed by survey respondents as being the single most significant societal change affecting the parking industry . From an environmental standpoint , that translates to incalculable amounts of wasted fuel and carbon emissions .
Jones explains : `` If we can cut the time it takes drivers to find a parking spot by even a fraction , the difference in our carbon footprint is meaningful . And , that 's what many new technologies are making possible . ''
According to respondents , the number one strategy for making parking more sustainable is energy-efficient lighting , followed by parking space guidance systems that aid in finding parking faster , encouraging alternative travel , automated payment processes , solar panels , renewable energy technology , and accommodating electric vehicles .
An increased focus on customer service is another significant trend cited .
`` Parking professionals are continually striving to make the parking experience better , '' says IPI Executive Director Shawn Conrad , CAE . They explain that the parking industry has expanded to serve cyclists , those who car-share , this en route to shuttle buses or light rail , and even pedestrians who benefit from parking facilities that serve as mobility connectors .
A chief problem seen by survey respondents is one those in the parking profession are working hard to correct : decision makers need to consult parking experts earlier in the planning process to prevent a myriad of design issues and other problems later on . When surveyed about the most common avoidable mistakes , respondents cited such issues as `` lack of vision to invest in mass transit systems to handle large movements of people , '' `` inefficient layout and poor aesthetics , '' `` failure to think about parking in the planning stages , '' and `` overlooking important issues such as water and power sources , snow removal , entry/exit functionality , and how and by whom the facility will be used . ''
Survey results showed a dead heat between urban planners , local government officials , and architects as those who most need to better understand parking and all its complexities .
When asked where parking would best fit as a course of study at an academic institution , nearly half of respondents suggested that parking should become part of the curriculum at schools for urban planners . Runners-up were schools where business and public policy is taught .
`` We 're at a pivotal point in what has become a very dynamic industry , '' explains Conrad . `` With new , high-tech tools , we have unprecedented ways to improve the landscape , enhance customer service , and support environmental flight attendantship . The optimism and excitement in this industry is palpable . ''
The 2012 Emerging Trends in Parking Survey was conducted in May 2012 among parking professionals by the International Parking Institute ( IPI ) and released at IPI 's Conference & Expo . Results were tabulated and analyzed by the Washington , D.C.-based Market Research Bureau . A complete report is available at www.parking.org .
Since last Thursday there has been a change in the IDF 's modus operandi in the Gaza Strip . The political leadership granted the army and Shin Bet much more leeway and much more flexibility with regard to undertaking pinpoint eliminations of wanted terrorists : Whether they are ticking time bombs or hostile parties planning to perpetrate terror attacks at a later point .
Hamas sought a ceasefire , albeit nothing was put down in writing , and Israel rushed to establish the substance of this truce . One of its principles , as of today , is that if they fire rockets we will return to pinpoint eliminations according to a master list , along the same lines of the fugitive lists in the days of the Second Intifada .
Since Operation Cast Lead Israel has refrained from executing pinpoint eliminations against terror group leaders . Israel has also refrained from eliminations of terrorists in the field involved in planning attacks . At times we saw reports about a terror cell that left the Gaza Strip and was struck even before it crossed the border into Sinai , but for the most part pinpoint eliminations were reserved for ticking time bombs : that is , rocket launching cells eliminated before or after firing into Israel .
In other words , most terrorists could wander around the Gaza Strip with relative safety . Even when the infrastructure of the Popular Resistance Committees came together for executing the attack near Eilat – via Sinai – there was an opportunity to strike it . Some defense officials proposed doing just that . Yet senior officials decided not to execute such surgical strike due to political and operational reasons .
Prepare for escalation
When referring to the elimination of terror infrastructure the objective is not just to strike the men who directly execute the attack . Striking the planners and the men responsible for logistics can also affect execution of an attack . For example , there were cases where terror cells embarked on an attack , their infrastructure in the Gaza Strip was exposed and hit , and the cells returned without undertaking the planned attack .
The pinpoint elimination was and remains the most effective weapon in coping with terrorism and striking fear in its perpetrators . The IDF learned this in the Second Intifada , when it curbed the spread of terror networks by constantly cutting back the lists of wanted terrorists . In contrast to the Gaza Strip , in the West Bank it was also possible to make arrests . But in Gaza , cutting back the list can only be done by physically neutralizing the targets .
The defense minister hinted at the change in policy regarding surgical strikes at the beginning of the week in Ashkelon , when they mentioned cutting off terrorists ' heads . However , the pinpoint elimination is also a weapon that invites a quick reaction . Hamas and Islamic Jihad can accept a strike against the tunnels , store rooms or buildings . But a strike on their command structure , for example , forces them to react in an effort to deter Israel from continuing .
Hence , should Israel persist in the policy of eliminations now – which has since Thursday cut down five terrorists from the Popular Resistance Committees , five terrorists from Islamic Jihad and two Hamas terrorists – we can assume that the ceasefire declared by terrorist organizations will not last very long , and we shall find ourselves very quickly in the midst of a military operation .
Come by any time when you feel tired .
[ What Is VR ? ]
DLsite has launched a store this spring dedicated to virtual reality games featuring manga/anime-style characters . In short , VR is `` where you can enter two-dimensional space '' .
It 's the kind of amazing you have to experience for yourself ! However , presently you need to spend a lot of money to enjoy high-quality VR games .
So , DLsite developed a game that you can enjoy on iOS and Android so that you can experience VR readily . With a budget pair of $ 20 virtual reality goggles , you can easily enjoy the VR world .
You 'll be surprised and delighted by the experience of meeting anime-like Nagomi face to face !
[ Points ]
VR + Earcleaning In Stereophonic Sound = The Ultimate Japanese Otaku Experience
・Install the iOS/Android app and dive into the manga/anime world via virtual reality ! A cute character cleans your ear with your head directly in their lap .
・Utilizing stereophonic sound through binaural recording , their voice and breathing change with your orientation .
・It 's possible to enjoy with a smartphone and headphones only ! ( You need VR goggles for stereoscopic vision . )
[ Story ]
It 's early summer . Though things have been very busy , at last summer vacation is here .
Nagomi , your cousin , contacted you the other day , asking you if you wanted to come visit to have fun .
You have traveled to the rural town where Nagomi lives . The two of you used to play there often when you were kids . Not having seen them in some time , you 're surprised by how mature she 's become .
You spent some time talking about everything and nothing with her , but now you 're so tired you can barely stay on your feet .
Huh , they look tired ... Oh , I 've got an idea !
They notice that you 're feeling tired , so they take out an object they think might make you feel better .
CLOSE IndyStar reporter Justin Mack speaks to Fishers Mayor Scott Fadness about the potential impact the national entertainment chain could have on the city . Stephen Beard / IndyStar
Children can take advantage of the driving range at Topgolf ( Photo : Provided by Topgolf )
The target date to open a massive golfing and entertainment site near I-69 in Fishers is taking a mulligan .
Topgolf International officials said the opening for a center on 116th Street was being moved from spring to fall 2017 because of construction planning delays .
The exact reasons for the delays were unclear , but Topgolf spokesperson Morgan Wallace said in an email that `` it is common that construction timelines shift a bit in the early stages of a build . ''
The Fishers City Council approved the $ 18 million , 65,000-square-foot business in January , and construction recently began next to the planned IKEA on 116th Street , also under construction .
Topgolf attracts golfers and nongolfers with televisions , food , drinks and computer-aided , competitive golf games . It likens its signature game to bowling or darts , but with golf balls . The center in Fishers will have three-levels , be open year-round and include up to 3,000 square feet of private event space .
The location was originally to be along 116th Street near Cumberland Road . Autumn Gasior , a spokesperson for Fishers , said there were questions about the land use at that site so it was moved west to I-69 . Gasior said the location was what Topgolf had originally sought .
Call IndyStar reporter John Tuohy at ( 317 ) 444-6418 . Follow them on Twitter : @ john_tuohy .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/2gm98i7
Government expected to accept Senate voting reforms deal which gives Malcolm Turnbull the option of calling a double dissolution election from 1 July
A deal between the Coalition and the Greens on Senate voting reforms has paved the way for a double dissolution election anytime from 1 July .
The government is expected to accept a joint committee recommendation for optional preferential voting below the line . Before the deal , the government had designed a bill for optional preferential voting above the line only .
The Greens have insisted that the government allow the Australian Electoral Commission time to implement the reforms – at least until 30 June .
As a result , the deal would give Malcolm Turnbull the option of a double dissolution from 1 July onwards with a new Senate voting system of optional preferential voting .
The prime minister said after consideration of the report , the government would move amendments during the debate on the commonwealth electoral amendment bill 2016 on Wednesday morning .
Senate voting debate blocked in bid to stop double dissolution Read more
“ These are important reforms in the public interest that will ensure election results reflect the will of voters , ” Turnbull said .
“ We again call on Labor to reconsider their position and to follow the considered advice of their highly regarded shadow minister for electoral matters , Gary Gray , instead of just succumbing to the pressures of the union lobby and Labor 's backroom operators . ”
The deal comes after a report was tabled in parliament at 9am on Wednesday . It was the product of a “ quickie ” hearing , which lasted less than a day . It heard extensive evidence that the Coalition bill was flawed because it treated above the line voting differently to below the line .
As a result , the joint parliamentary committee recommended any reforms to the Senate voting system should include optional preferential voting below the line , with voters instructed to number a minimum of 12 boxes .
The committee , headed by the Liberal MP David Coleman , supported the government bill to change the Senate voting system – but only if it was amended to include optional preferential voting below the line .
The existing bill abolishes group voting tickets , the party-submitted mechanism to decide how preferences flow for supporters who simply vote above the line rather than filling in all the candidate squares below the line .
The joint committee has also recommended a “ savings provision ” which would ensure any ballot paper with at least six boxes numbered sequentially from one would also be considered formal .
Senate voting reform stirs up hornet 's nest between likely winners and losers Read more
“ The capacity for a voter to express their or their preference is surely the most fundamental feature of any electoral system , ” Coleman said . “ The overarching goal of any electoral system must be to ensure it reflects the genuine will of the people . ”
They said the current voting system fell “ well short ” of the fundamental goal that the electoral system should clearly reflect the will of the people .
“ Preferential voting below the line is most important to ensure that voting below the line is not an extraordinarily arduous process that it currently is and acts as a disincentive to voters to vote below the line , ” Coleman said .
The Coalition and the Greens are locked in a procedural tussle with Labor in the Senate to bring on the commonwealth electoral amendment bill 2016 . Labor has been trying to delay the bill because it does not support the voting changes .
As the Senate tussle continued overnight , the former Liberal prime minister John Howard warned the government that the deal with the Greens could backfire on the Coalition in the future .
“ The principal beneficiary of these changes is probably the Australian Greens , and that is why the Australian Greens are so strongly in favour , ” Howard said . “ So , I hope this does n't preside some kind of understanding about preferences in House of Representatives elections between the Coalition and the Greens . ”
On Tuesday Labor 's leader in the senate , Penny Wong , spoke vociferously against the changes . Labor has been quoting the ABC psephologist , Antony Green , as saying the change would give the Coalition a greater chance of winning a “ blocking majority ” .
Green told Guardian Australia they had been taken out of context . They said Howard had won a blocking majority – 18 of the 36 state Senate seats – in 2001 and 2004 . “ What I said was that the changes would tend to produce the same thing as the current system , ” they said .
You can read more from Donovan 's discussion with Iwatani below . The designer left Namco in 2007 and now lectures at the Tokyo Polytechnic University .
`` We decided to change that demographic by designing games that can appeal to women and thus to couples , therefore making game-centres desirable places to go on a date . ''
`` Most arcade videogames of the time were violent and focused on the male player , so the game-centres became places frequented mainly by men .
`` By creating a character saga and kawaii characters we thought we could appeal to women as well , '' Iwatani explained .
Donovan had asked about the origins of the Pac-Man character - 30 years old on Saturday - and the decision to use the `` kawaii '' or cute character style .
Iwatani was speaking to author Tristan Donovan for the book Replay - The History of Video Games , which goes on sale later this month .
Pac-Man creator Toru Iwatani has said that they originally designed the lovable character to appeal to women .
Tristan Donovan : When you applied to Namco did you do so wanting to make videogames ?
Toru Iwatani : When I joined , in 1977 , Namco did not make videogames . They only manufactured electric and mechanical games like flipper pinball . I joined Namco because I wanted to make pinball machines .
Namco was not making any pinball games . They 're very cool , so I had the idea to create a videogame with pinball features . That 's why Gee Bee became Namco 's very first original videogame .
Tristan Donovan : What was the thinking behind using the kawaii ( cute ) art style for Cutie Q and Pac-Man ?
Toru Iwatani : The hardware spec at the time , compared to the present time , was very limited , so we could only have artwork in a very simplistic style . It was very difficult to create a sense of empathy for the player in this limited way , but we wanted as many people as possible to enjoy the game . By creating a character saga and kawaii characters we thought we could appeal to women as well .
Iwatani 's `` eureka moment '' .
Tristan Donovan : In interviews you said you made Pac-Man to appeal to women . Why did you feel the need to create a game to attract a female audience and what steps did you do to find out what kind of game would appeal to women ?
Toru Iwatani : This was before the Famicom [ NES ] home consoles so the only place to play videogames was at arcades . Most arcade videogames of the time were violent and focused on the male player , so the game-centres became places frequented mainly by men . We decided to change that demographic by designing games that can appeal to women and thus to couples , therefore making game-centres desirable places to go on a date .
Tristan Donovan : Is that the only reason you decided against a violent game ?
Toru Iwatani : I grew up watching Disney cartoons as well as Japanese animation and manga so I was influenced by the philosophy of those creators and designers . Also , I wanted children to play my games , so it never even crossed my mind to use violence in my designs . I ca n't imagine thinking like that , to express anything in a violent manner .
Tristan Donovan : I 've heard two explanations about what inspired Pac-Man . The first claims you ordered a pizza , took a slice and saw Pac-Man . The other claims you based the character on the Japanese symbol kuchi , meaning mouth . What really happened ?
Toru Iwatani : I was trying to come up with something to appeal to women and couples . When I imagined what women enjoy , the image of them eating cakes and desserts came to mind , so I used `` eating '' as a keyword . When I did research with this keyword I came across the image of a pizza with a slice taken out of it and had that eureka moment . So I based the Pac-Man character design on that shape .
Tristan Donovan : Are reports that Namco and the games industry doubted the credentials of Pac-Man correct ? How did you feel at the time ?
Toru Iwatani : Unlike the other exciting games that were around at the time , Pac-Man was designed for people to play easily and when relaxed , without excitement . So , when it was launched , we did n't get the kind of review other games did . I guess Pac-Man did n't have the sensational image . I myself could not imagine that it would be loved by so many people and such an international hit .
In sinology , the Classic Chinese Novels are two sets of the four or six best-known traditional Chinese novels . The Four Classic Novels include Romance of the Three Kingdoms , Journey to the West , Water Margin and Dream of the Red Chamber , and the Six Classic Novels add Rulin waishi and Jin Ping Mei to this list . These are among the world 's longest and oldest novels , [ 1 ] and they are the most read , studied and adapted works of pre-modern Chinese fiction . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Nomenclature and subgroupings [ edit ]
Several terms have been used to refer to the novels and various subgroupings of them . Romance of the Three Kingdoms , Journey to the West , Water Margin , and Dream of the Red Chamber have been called the Four Great Classic Novels ( Chinese : 四大名著 ; pinyin : sì dà míngzhù ; literally : 'four great masterpieces '' ) . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Another term used is Classical Novels ( simplified Chinese : 古典小说 ; traditional Chinese : 古典小說 ; pinyin : gǔdiǎn xiǎoshuō ) . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Prior to the composition of Unofficial History of the Scholars and the Dream of the Red Chamber , the earlier four began to be referred to as the Four Great Masterworks ( 四大奇书 ; 四大奇書 ; sì dà qíshū ; 'four extraordinary books '' ) . [ 10 ]
In chronological order , they are :
Background [ edit ]
Chinese fiction , rooted in narrative classics such as A New Account of the Tales of the World , Soushen Ji , Wenyuan Yinghua , Great Tang Records on the Western Regions , Miscellaneous Morsels from Youyang , Taiping Guangji and official histories , developed into the novel as early as the Song dynasty . The novel as an extended prose narrative which realistically creates a believable world of its own evolved in China and in Europe from the 14th to 18th centuries , though a little earlier in China . Chinese audiences were more interested in history and were more historically minded . They appreciated relative optimism , moral humanism , and relative emphasis on collective behavior and the welfare of the society .
The rise of a money economy and urbanization beginning in the Song era led to a professionalization of entertainment which was further encouraged by the spread of printing , the rise of literacy , and education . In both China and Western Europe , the novel gradually became more autobiographical and serious in exploration of social , moral , and philosophical problems . Chinese fiction of the late Ming dynasty and early Qing dynasty was varied , self-conscious , and experimental . In China , however , there was no counterpart to the 19th-century European explosion of novels . The novels of the Ming and early Qing dynasties represented a pinnacle of classic Chinese fiction .
The scholar and literary critic Andrew H. Plaks argues that Romance of the Three Kingdoms , Water Margin , Journey to the West and The Golden Lotus collectively constituted a technical breakthrough reflecting new cultural values and intellectual concerns . Their educated editors , authors , and commentators used the narrative conventions developed from earlier storytellers , such as the episodic structure , interspersed songs and folk sayings , or speaking directly to the reader , but they fashioned self-consciously ironic narratives whose seeming familiarity camouflaged a Neo-Confucian moral critique of late Ming decadence . Plaks explores the textual history of the novels ( all published after their author 's deaths , usually anonymously ) and how the ironic and satirical devices of these novels paved the way for the great novels of the 18th century . [ 13 ]
Plaks further shows these Ming novels share formal characteristics . They are almost all over 100 chapters in length ; divided into ten chapter narrative blocks which are broken into two to three chapter episodes ; arranged into first and second halves which are symmetrical ; and arrange their events in patterns which follow seasons and geography . They manipulated the conventions of popular storytelling in an ironic way in order to go against the surface meanings of the story . Three Kingdoms , they argue , presents a contrast between the ideal , that is , dynastic order , and the reality of political collapse and near anarchy ; Water Margin likewise presents heroic stories from the popular tradition in a way that exposes the heroism as brutal and selfish ; Journey to the West is an outwardly serious spiritual quest undercut by comic and sometimes bawdy tone . Jin Ping Mei is the clearest and most sophisticated example ; the action is sometimes grossly sexual , but in the end emphasizes conventional morality . [ 14 ]
Influences [ edit ]
The four novels were highly influential in the development of vernacular works in Chinese literary history . Traditionally , fiction and drama were not held in `` high regard '' in the Chinese or East Asian literary hierarchy , [ 15 ] and they were generally not seen as true `` literature '' by scholars . [ 1 ] Writers in these forms would not have the same level of prestige as poets or scholars of Chinese classics would have had .
All four of the novels were written in a style that is a mixture of classical and vernacular Chinese , [ 1 ] with some that are more completely vernacular than the others . [ 16 ] For instance , Romance of the Three Kingdoms is known for its mix of classical prose with folklore and popular narratives , [ 17 ] while the Dream of the Red Chamber is known for the use of poetry within its mostly vernacular style . These four novels are thought to have popularized , and more importantly `` legitimatized '' the role of vernacular literature among the literary circles of China .
The term `` classic novels '' , writes Andrew H. Plaks , is a `` neologism of twentieth-century scholarship '' which seems to have come into common use under the influence of C. T. Hsia 's Classic Chinese Novel . Paul Ropp , following Hsia 's selection , notes that `` an almost universal consensus affirms six works as truly great '' , including , in addition to those above , The Plum in the Golden Vase by Lanling Xiaoxiaosheng and The Unofficial History of the Scholars by Wu Jingzi .
Because of its explicit descriptions of sex , The Plum in the Golden Vase has been banned for most of its existence . Despite this , many if not most scholars and writers , including Lu Xun , place it among the top Chinese novels . [ 21 ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Water Margin . While most attribute the novel to Romance of the Three Kingdoms ) , Shi Hui ( 施惠 ) and Guo Xun ( 郭勛 ) . There is considerable debate on the authorship of . While most attribute the novel to Shi Nai'an , there were some who believe that the novel , or portions of it , was written by others , such as Luo Guanzhong ( the author of ) , Shi Hui ( ) and Guo Xun ( ) .
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
For critical studies specific to the individual novels , see their separate articles .
Chang , Shelley Hsueh-lun ( 1990 ) . History and Legend : Ideas and Images in the Ming Historical Novels . Ann Arbor : University of Michigan Press . ISBN 047210117X . 279p . Explores the Ming world of fiction and ideas of historical change ; the hero ; social , political , cosmic order and morality ; and reactions to the growth of imperial despotism .
279p . Explores the Ming world of fiction and ideas of historical change ; the hero ; social , political , cosmic order and morality ; and reactions to the growth of imperial despotism . Hanan , Patrick ( 1964 ) , `` The Development of Fiction and Drama '' , in Raymond , Dawson , The Legacy of China , Oxford , England : Oxford University Press , pp . 115–143
Hegel , Robert E. ( 1994 ) . `` Traditional Chinese Fiction -- the State of the Field '' . The Journal of Asian Studies . 53 ( 2 ) : 394–426 . doi:10.2307/2059840 . JSTOR 2059840 .
President Obama is reportedly considering urging the Supreme Court to overturn Proposition 8 , California 's ban on gay marriage , by filing a “ friend of the court ” brief . Though he 'd better make up their mind soon as the administration only has until February 28 to do so .
The Washington Post reports :
An administration brief alone is unlikely to sway the Justices but the federal government 's opinion does carry weight with the court . A final decision on whether to file a brief has not been made , a senior administration official said . Solicitor General Donald Verrilli is consulting with the White House on the matter , said the official , speaking only on condition of anonymity because the official was not authorized to address the private deliberations publicly . While the Justice Department would formally make the filing , the president themselves is almost certain to make the ultimate decision on whether to file .
Obama opposed Prop 8 during their 2008 run for president , though they did n't outright support gay marriage until the run-up to their second term . Still , they conceded that marriage was not a federal issue but one best left up to the states .
Some , however , see the President 's inaugural address during which they called for gay rights as a signal that he 's willing to make a federal case out of it after all . Administration officials deny that Obama was making any legal foreshadowing and was simply restating their personal beliefs .
Gay marriage advocates are calling for the White House to file the brief and ask the Justices to not only rule California 's ban illegal , but all state bans illegal . The administration could file a narrower brief , asking for a decision that applies only to California or choose not to intervene at all .
Nearly two dozen states have filed briefs of their own with the Court seeking to uphold California 's ban , arguing that states should retain the right to define marriage .
The Supreme Court will take up the Prop 8 case on March 26 and then the case against the Defense of Marriage Act the following day .
February . That was my last post , huh ? So much has happened that I 'm not even sure where to start . I guess I can start by saying that I 'm still sober . So despite my absence , I was not falling off of or jumping off of the wagon . Just hit my 10 month sober mark about a week and a half ago . So I do that have going for me .
Unfortunately , I feel like that 's about the only thing that I 've got going for me right now . Life has kind of been a disaster . I guess The Brittney and Dylan update first ... Long story made short : Things got out of control . We all went our separate ways and after a painful , but quick lawsuit , they now owe me a little over $ 2300 . So there 's that .
I moved in with my parents at the beginning of March . It seemed to go well for a bit . I started working really hard to get my finances in order and I seemed to be making pretty good progress . I got hired on full time at Design Productions in April . This job has it 's ups and it 's downs . Sometimes I hate it . Sometimes I love it . It pays the bills and I get to work with my best friends . So that 's good .
Now , for the depressing stuff ...
My dad got sick in the beginning of May . It was bad . On May 13th , My mother , Stacey and I sat in the hospital room and said goodbye to my daddy ... to my hero . That moment . That one moment ... I fear that it will stay with me forever . Do n't get me wrong , I am glad that I could be there with my dad and my family during the hardest moment of our lives . But that moment ... I do n't know how to explain it . The sounds , the movements , the pain , the denial , the reality ... it 's all like a movie on replay . I do n't know how to pause it , or stop it or anything . It sticks . That 's also the moment that life changed for me . All of it . I thought that my dad was indestructible . Like a superhero . And in that moment ... I realized that they were human . And that hurt . All I wanted to do was run . Far . I made it out the first set of doors and halfway down the hallway before I had to stop by the bathroom . The nurse found me and took me back to Mom and Stacey . All I wanted to do was leave . Sometimes , I still want to leave . Getting by without my Daddy has been so hard . I still live in their house . I still see them everywhere . I still think about them every day . I 've noticed that my dreams have changed . About my future . I have considered myself to not be the marrying type for a while . Now , it 's almost become official . How could I ever get married without my dad giving me away ? How do I walk down the aisle without my dads hand in mine ? These are the things that come to mind now .
Yet , on that note ... I do n't even know if I could have a relationship anytime soon , anyways . I mean , sure ... there are interests ... there are even feelings ... but let 's be real . I 'm not good at feelings . I 'm not good at being vulnerable and unguarded . So , I 'm currently debating just saying fuck it . I do n't know .
I guess I 'm just still trying to get my life together . I 'm 32 years old and I carry more doubts and concerns that I do happiness and contentment . Stress has become a part of my personality . I want a drink frequently . I want a Xanax frequently . I 'm just trying to ignore the desires and create new habits . Create new adventures . One day at a time , right ?
So for now , I 'm just focusing on getting to 11 months . And then 1 year . I 'm so close I can taste it .
I guess that 's it . I guess that 's all . My life feels like it 's falling apart . The universe seems to be keeping me apart from the one thing that I want , and in the interim , I 'm just pushing . I 'll make it ... I 'm sure of it . But it is definitely a struggle .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A staunch Ugandan LGBT rights activist has been arrested in Kigali , Rwanda .
Kasha Jacqueline Nabagesera was arrested in Kigali 's International Airport on Friday on suspicion of “ drunkenness and gross misconduct ” .
The lesbian activist was flying from Entebbe airport in Uganda to meet with American filmmakers when they were arrested .
Police in the country released a statement on Twitter explaining that they had been “ temporarily held at the airport over drunkenness and gross misconduct ” .
Kasha , who has won Sweden 's “ alternative Nobel prize ” the Right Livelihood Award , was moved to an undisclosed place sparking the hashtag # RwandawhereisKasha ?
Spectrum Uganda called for information on Kasha 's location on Facebook .
“ We are in search of our own Kasha Jacqueline Nabagesera who was arrested yesterday to unknown police station in Kigali , Rwanda at the airport , ” they wrote .
However , they have since been released and has taken to Twitter to discuss the incident .
“ Home safe , ” they wrote . “ These cowards were not a joke . I laughed at them for fearing a small person like me . ”
They added that they had “ lived with a dictator for decades ” and all they were “ trying to do is enlighten Rwandese to avoid same mistakes ” .
The lesbian activist explained that they had whiskey in their bag , and accused Rwandan police of using this as an excuse to detain them
Kasha said that they had since been deported from the country .
On Facebook , Kasha wrote a longer explanation of the events in which they explained that the arrest was due to political motivations because they were overheard criticising Ugandan President , Paul Kagame .
The Right Livelihood Award Foundation said they would be investigating the incident : “ We are looking into disturbing reports of Alternative Nobel and Uganda LGBT leader Kasha Jacqueline arrested in Rwanda last night . ”
Kasha is hailed as the “ founding mother ” of the LGBT rights movement in Uganda , where same-sex sexual relations is still illegal .
The topic of weapon matchups is popular online . Many people discuss different weapon combinations , how they work against each other , which one is better , what the advantages and disadvantages are , etc . In this brief article , I will discuss my experiences and observations of what would have no doubt been a likely matchup in the 14th and 15th centuries : the longsword , or two-handed sword , against sword and buckler .
First of all , I will start with the general traits of each weapon .
The longsword is arguably the most popular weapon in modern HEMA practice . Generally , for the 14th century , we 're talking about a sword that is around 4 feet long ( 45-48″ , 115-120 cm ) in total . The blade is generally around 3 feet long ( 33-36″ , 90 cm ) . There is room for at least two hands to fit on the hilt , often room for three . Typical weight is around 2.5-3.5 lbs ( 1.3 kg ) . The longsword is fast and strong , the use of two hands means your cuts and parries are very strong and solid , and your tip is very fast whether in thrusts or in redirecting cuts to different targets . The longsword is agile and maneuverable , the two hands and the leverage of the handle allow the sword to be maneuvered quickly to react to strikes or to seek openings .
The sword and buckler was probably the more popular weapon combo in the 14th century . Generally , we 're talking about a sword that is around 3 feet long ( 33-37″ , 90cm ) with the blade being slightly less than that , around 29″ or 74 cm . There is room for one hand on the hilt . Typical weight is around 2-2.5 lbs ( 1 kg ) . The buckler is generally between 9″ diameter and 14″ diameter ( 23 cm – 35 cm ) and gripped in the fist . Usually made of wood with a metal boss and some kind of rim . The buckler usually weighs around the same as the sword does . The sword and buckler give excellent protection to the fencer , and give excellent protection in particular to the hands and forearms . The sword has enough blade presence to parry , and is capable of strong cuts and thrusts . The buckler can effectively shut down entire lines of attack for the opponent , and used properly can provide exceptional protection for the user . The buckler can create openings for your sword to attack through .
So how do the two fare against each other in freeplay against each other ? My experience is that it is actually a very even and balanced matchup , although it is asymmetrical . The longsword has a small range advantage , and even though the single-handed sword allows further extension of the sword arm , doing so would mean exposing your arm , and so if you are keeping your buckler hand close to your sword hand , it means that your two arms are bound together similar to how they would be if they were both gripping a longsword . This allows the longsword 's slightly longer blade to give a range advantage . The longsword has a speed advantage . If it comes down to simple speed of the blade , the longsword wins . Two hands > one hand . The added leverage and strength mean that the longsword user can get their sword moving faster than the single handed sword . It also means that the longsword is more agile and quicker to redirect . This is important in parries and feints . The longsword 's advantage in strength means that it 's parries will be much stronger and it 's cutting much stronger . On the other hand , the added protection of the buckler allows the sword and buckler to be equal to all of those advantages , despite being slower , weaker , less agile , and shorter range .
As a sword and buckler fencer facing someone with a longsword , you need to make sure that all of your parries , Obsessio , Schutzen , etc . are extremely solid and grounded in proper structure . If you get sloppy , a longsword will blow through your parry where an enemy sword and buckler would not . Do not bother ever trying to be strong in the bind . They have greater strength and leverage , and you will not succeed at trying to wind against their sword . You must always make sure that your buckler is doing its job . Again , if you get sloppy and your buckler is not positioned properly to protect you , the longsword will find those gaps faster and at longer range than an opponent with sword and buckler can . You must use your buckler to full advantage and use it close off lines , choke off their attacks , and close distance with him . Once you 've closed distance , the fact that you have two weapons with which to occupy their weapon with one and attack with the other is a huge advantage . Your biggest danger is staying at longer range . The Schutzen and Obsessio in I.33 work perfectly for this , and I have found that they work brilliantly against a longsword . Schutzen can shut down Vom Tag as easily as it does 2nd Ward . If you enter distance with an Obsessio and can receive their strike/bind , you 've won the fight . It 's then a simple matter to keep their word on your buckler and strike with your sword .
As a longsword fencer facing someone with sword and buckler , you need to make large use of feints and redirections . If you simply stand in a Guard and allow them to enter distance with an Obsessio against you , you 're screwed . You need to try and stay at long range , and you need to prevent your sword from being cut off by their buckler . By using feints and redirections , you make full use of the fact that your sword is more agile . Also look for opportunities to blow through their parries with a strong cut . It can often surprise a sword and buckler fencer if they are used to only facing other sword and buckler fencers . Another objective is to try and get your opponent to open up gaps between their sword and buckler . Again , feints are a good way to do this . It will be instinct for the sword and buckler fencer to quickly move their sword or buckler to parry an incoming attack if you first feinted and baited them into moving a certain way . When they make that “ emergency ” parry , you have him . They have separated their weapons , they are vulnerable . Once you get your point in behind their weapons , he 's dead . If they are good , they will try to pin your sword with their buckler , leaving their sword free to attack you however they want . Footwork and awareness are key to preventing this . If they enter with an Obsessio that closes off your line , do not simply attack into the bind . That 's what they want you to do , and if you do it , you die . Instead , you can back away , circle to the side and change angles , or make an attack from a different angle than he 's expecting ( for example , instead of cutting a right oberhau from Vom Tag , cut a Zwerchau into right Ochs on the left of their Schutzen ) . Finally , watch out for the buckler ! Remember that it is a weapon too . However your club does rules for strikes with pommels or bucklers , the simple fact is that a buckler is a 2.5 lb piece of steel with a narrow edge . Getting punched in the face with that is not going to help you win any fights . Finally , your sword is fast . You can maneuver your tip around quickly . Use this fact to get your point or edge in around their sword and buckler . Small cuts to the forearms and hands can be done much easier than if you also had sword and buckler .
Overall , I find fencing with these weapons against each other to be extremely fun and helpful . Fencing against longsword has made my I.33 fencing better . It has made my Schutzen stronger and more solid , it has made my buckler better at keeping my hands safe , it has made my binds more solid , and it has made me more confident in closing distance . I would highly advise anyone to try freeplay with mismatched weapons .
Advertisements
About
Miaou Moon is an unusual plateformer , slow paced and sometimes close to a puzzle game . You really need to plan and time your movements to complete the levels . Playing with gravity when you can only propulse yourself in two directions is often tricky . The best way to get a good feeling of the game is to try out our DEMO ! : )
You are Captain Miaou , traveling back to your planet with a cargo full of high energy food . Hit by a meteorite , you 're ejected and your food scattered all around 5 orbiting moons . How will you survive , lost in space ?
Miaou Moon is a physical plateformer game . Your only chance of survival is to grab energy food to propel yourself forward . Too few energies and you 'll starve to death , too much and you 'll explode ! When you eat , your cat gets stronger and bigger , but deflates each time you propel . A bit of strategy is involved since you ca n't spam your control buttons like in other plateformers .
Make way through moons that display different physical properties , adapt your gameplay and tweak your cat 's suit to survive !
- 60 levels to explore .
- 5 moons with different gravities and bounciness
factors !
- Upgrade system ( suit capacity , visor , weighted armor , propulsor , attack , emergency food ) .
- Hidden levels .
- Huge bosses .
- Fun progressive gameplay features ( pikes , bumpers , magnetic winds , glue , teleports , falling rocks , laser beams , stalling zones , various monster types , etc . ) .
* Free DRM Digital copy : PC , Mac and Linux available . If the game is released on Steam , you will also receive a free Steam Key .
* PDF with level designs : Check the original drawings of all level designs to help you navigate these tricky moons . Plus some extra ( cute ) game art .
* EARLY BETA ACCESS . Available as soon as this Kickstarter ends . You will also gain access to our Private Forum where we 'll be eager to exchange over your first impression .
* YOUR NAME IN THE CREDITS :
CONTRIBUTOR : Be famous ! Your name will be there with us , in the Credits .
SILVER CONTRIBUTOR : Gain extra visibility with your name and face up there .
GOLDEN CONTRIBUTOR : Dazzle at the top with your name written in gold and your face in big size .
* MIAOU MOON T-SHIRT : Wear Captain Miaou ! Shipping available worldwide with size and gender of your choice .
A year or two ago , something like GamerGate would have been little more than another sad blip on my radar . Back then , I 'd have viewed it as further proof that we 've still got a hell of a long way to go to end the discrimination women face simply for being women . Then I 'd have moved on .
Today , however , I 'm a mother to twin baby boys , and GamerGate is really sticking with me . It 's not the particularities of the online assault on female gamers , critics , and reporters that have got me thinking — I 'm not a gamer and I 've probably known maybe two people in my life who are . I did n't know video game criticism was even a thing until I started reading about the death threats that feminist critic Anita Sarkeesian recently received for pointing out examples of misogyny in video games .
Instead , I 've been thinking about how GamerGate is just another piece of evidence that a significant number of young white men are growing up with feelings of powerlessness , intense insecurity , and an alarming lack of emotional maturity . Combined , those things can congeal into a petulant , bully mentality that gives rise to both real-life and virtual assaults on women .
We saw that mentality at its most extreme in the tragic shootings at UC-Santa Barbara earlier this year when a young , mentally unstable man killed two women and four men after posting a manifesto saying that they were going to punish women for not accepting their advances and men who were more sexually successful than he .
Their actions were insane , the product of a sick and disturbed mind . The feelings that prompted them , however , are surprisingly run-of-the-mill . You can easily find expressions of them in varying degrees of aggressiveness with some quick browsing on forum sites like 4chan , 8chan , and Wizardchan , all of which cater to so-called nerds and gamers .
But those feelings are hardly confined only to men who 've been unsuccessful with women . Take A Voice for Men , an organization that promotes things like an end to `` rape and domestic violence hysteria '' and `` feminist governance . '' ( Apparently a country in which women only make up 18.5 percent of Congress and 24 percent of all state legislators , and do not receive equal pay for equal work , is one that is governed by feminists . )
I 'm safe . Authorities have been notified . Staying with friends tonight . I 'm not giving up . But this harassment of women in tech must stop ! — Feminist Frequency ( @ femfreq ) August 27 , 2014
The Washington Post sent reporter Monica Hesse to the group 's inaugural International Conference on Men 's Issues back in June . They found a collection of mostly white men of varying ages who felt strongly that society was out to get them ( mainly , it seems , through their ex-wives ) . What they wanted , they heard repeatedly , was `` the same rights as 'the privileged women , ' as various male attendees described the female gender . The entitled , increasingly 'narcissistic ' women . '' There were discussions of legitimate issues as well — unfair treatment during custody battles , for example , and the need for men to listen to and support one another better .
But then , there was also stuff like this : College students who 've had the guts to speak up after being raped were said to be expressing `` buyer 's remorse . '' ( That one came from a woman , no less — a conservative Canadian columnist named Barbara Kay . ) One attendee said , without irony , that men were second-class citizens .
So , OK , I know that A Voice for Men is a fringe movement . I know that there have always been men and boys with feelings of rage toward women and that the internet makes it a lot easier for those people to gather and stoke each other 's fires . But it 's still an incredibly troubling thing to see .
In combination with the recent legislative assault on women 's reproductive rights , attitudes like the ones we 've seen in GamerGate and A Voice for Men make me think that we 're living in a strangely reactionary historical moment . It 's paradoxical , really , since we 're making such progress in other areas — marriage equality , for one .
This is the moment in which I 'm beginning my journey as a parent . And while my first concern in raising my boys is raising them to be kind , compassionate human beings , my second is raising them to be kind , compassionate men . I ca n't help but worry that somehow I 'll fail them . That they 'll somehow buy into this idea that as white males in America , they are the ones who have the most to fear . Plenty of intelligent , otherwise levelheaded men have . I 've encountered it firsthand myself .
So I 'm asking the same question every parent asks herself : how do we counter the craziness out there ? How do we raise boys who grow up into confident , caring , just men ? How do we raise boys who are confident enough in their own masculinity that they do n't feel the need to bully or threaten or terrorize other groups of people ?
There 's no way to know exactly what 's behind this cycle of hate and anger . It 's a complex problem . But here 's one optimistic possibility : maybe these ugly expressions are the dying gasps of the patriarchy . Maybe the fury is a sign that we 're moving closer to true equality . It 's always unpleasant when the reigning group feels its power start to slip .
One can hope , at least .
The father of a Muslim-American soldier killed in Iraq who is caught up in a war of words with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is an immigration lawyer who specializes in a highly controversial program accused of letting immigrants buy their way into the U.S .
Khizr M. Khan 's website notes that they work to help clients with the E-2 and EB-5 programs that let overseas investors buy into U.S. companies and also provides green cards for family members .
It also said that they help in the purchase of U.S. real estate and businesses . The website lists their ability to practice in New York , though it gives a Washington phone number for the lawyer who lives in Virginia . A man who answered the phone said the website was correct , though they would not identify himself .
`` The E-2 and EB-5 are two of the most notoriously abused visa categories that essentially allow wealthy foreigners to buy their way to U.S. residency , and possibly citizenship , with a relatively modest investment , '' said Jessica Vaughan , the policy director for the Center for Immigration Studies .
The EB-5 program has been caught up in multiple scandals and critics are pressing Congress to kill it .
`` The EB-5 is literally a 'citizenship for sale ' program in which a visa for a whole family can be bought for as little $ 500,000 , '' Vaughan told Secrets . `` It is literally a 'citizenship for sale ' program , and it 's an amazing deal . Compared to other countries , America is the Walmart of investor visa programs , '' they added .
One criticism is that it allows an immigrant to invest $ 500,000 in an approved type of business and in return get a set of green cards for the investor , the investor 's spouse , and all their under 21-years-of-age children .
Other documented problems include foreigners getting fleeced in fraudulent schemes to help them invest in the U.S .
There is no indication that Khan 's clients have been caught up in the controversies
The Center for Immigration Studies has written several reports on problems with the green card investor program .
Khan also offers other immigration services , according to their website :
KM KHAN LAW OFFICE
Khizr Muazzam Khan
Attorney at Law
International Business Legal Advice and Representation
At the KM Khan Law Office we recognize that world economies are rapidly becoming more interdependent and integrated . We advise businesses and business owners from around the globe on a wide range of legal concerns , including :
— How to conduct business in the different parts of the world including the United States , Latin America , Asia , Middle East .
— How to select an appropriate business form - partnership , corporation or joint venture .
— The purchase or sale of commercial real estate .
— Issues related to franchise business .
— Legal representation in litigation and arbitration to resolve business dispute .
— E2 Treaty Investor and EB5 Investor Services and Immigration Services .
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
This article originally appeared at TheFreemanOnline.org .
When a front-running presidential contender tells the country that thanks to Barack Obama , “ [ w ] e are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy , ” one is left scratching one 's head . How refreshing it is , then , to hear a prominent establishment economist—a Nobel laureate yet—tell it straight :
The managerial state has assumed responsibility for looking after everything from the incomes of the middle class to the profitability of large corporations to industrial advancement . This system . . . is . . . an economic order that harks back to Bismarck in the late nineteenth century and Mussolini in the twentieth : corporatism .
Columbia University Professor Edmund S. Phelps , who won the 2006 Nobel Prize in economics , and their coauthor , Saifedean Ammous , assistant professor of economics at the Lebanese American University , write that the U.S. economy ceased to be a free market some time ago , yet the free market is blamed for the economic crisis . ( The real question is whether the American economy was ever really free . )
Phelps and Ammous condemn corporatism unequivocally :
In various ways , corporatism chokes off the dynamism that makes for engaging work , faster economic growth , and greater opportunity and inclusiveness . It maintains lethargic , wasteful , unproductive , and well-connected firms at the expense of dynamic newcomers and outsiders , and favors declared goals such as industrialization , economic development , and national greatness over individuals ' economic freedom and responsibility . Today , airlines , auto manufacturers , agricultural companies , media , investment banks , hedge funds , and much more has [ sic ] at some point been deemed too important to weather the free market on its own , receiving a helping hand from government in the name of the “ public good . ”
It 's great that their list includes the corporate state 's declaration of goals . Too many people are willing to accept government-set goals ( such as energy independence ) so long as the “ private sector ” is induced to achieve them . Regardless of how the goals are achieved , if government sets them , that 's statism .
The cost of corporatism is high , and Phelps and Ammous provide a partial list :
dysfunctional corporations that survive despite their gross inability to serve their customers ; sclerotic economies with slow output growth , a dearth of engaging work , scant opportunities for young people ; governments bankrupted by their efforts to palliate these problems ; and increasing concentration of wealth in the hands of those connected enough to be on the right side of the corporatist deal .
Again , kudos to them for noting the increasing concentration of wealth . The corporate state , after all , is a form of exploitation , the victims of which are workers and consumers , who would have been better off ( absolutely and comparatively ) without anticompetitive privileges for the well-connected and without government-induced recessions .
The authors are optimistic that time will work against the corporate state . Young people coming of age in the Internet 's decentralized and wide-open market of ideas and merchandise ca n't be expected to show enthusiasm for a system that protects entrenched corporations from the forces of competition . Moreover “ the legitimacy of corporatism is eroding along with the fiscal health of governments that have relied on it . If politicians can not repeal corporatism , it will bury itself in debt and default . . . . ”
My main beef with Phelps and Ammous 's essay is their use of capitalism to name the economic system that corporatism corrupted . Like many others , they believe that word “ used to mean ” the free market . To be sure , it was used that way beginning in the mid-twentieth century . But there was an older usage ( of capitalist specifically ) , coined by free-market liberals like Thomas Hodgskin who predated Marx , associating it with government privileges for the capital-owning class . That undertone has never left . ( Longtime Freeman writer and historian Clarence B. Carson expressed misgivings about the word . )
It 's tempting to dismiss this as mere semantics . But we are trying to communicate , are n't we ? Libertarian theorist Roderick Long , however , shows that more than semantics is involved . For Long , capitalism is what Ayn Rand called an anti-concept , a term that confuses rather than enlightens . One kind of anti-concept is the package deal , ( in their words ) “ referring to any term whose meaning conceals an implicit presupposition that certain things go together that in actuality do not . ”
As a thought experiment Long asks us to consider their coinage of zaxlebax , which they define as “ a metallic sphere , like the Washington Monument. ” Obviously this is incoherent . Nevertheless , says Long :
[ S ] ome linguistic subgroup might start using the term “ zaxlebax ” as though it just meant “ metallic sphere , ” or as though it just meant “ something of the same kind as the Washington Monument. ” And that 's fine . But my definition incorporates both , and thus conceals the false assumption that the Washington Monument is a metallic sphere ; any attempt to use the term “ zaxlebax , ” meaning what I mean by it , involves the user in this false assumption .
Long sees capitalism in its common usage as similar :
By “ capitalism ” most people mean neither the free market simpliciter nor the prevailing neomercantilist system simpliciter . Rather , what most people mean by “ capitalism ” is this free-market system that currently prevails in the western world . In short , the term “ capitalism ” as generally used conceals an assumption that the prevailing system is a free market . And since the prevailing system is in fact one of government favoritism toward business , the ordinary use of the term carries with it the assumption that the free market is government favoritism toward business .
Similarly for socialism , Long writes . They think most people mean nothing more specific than “ the opposite of capitalism ” :
And that , I suggest , is the function of these terms : to blur the distinction between the free market and neomercantilism . Such confusion prevails because it works to the advantage of the statist establishment : those who want to defend the free market can more easily be seduced into defending neomercantilism , and those who want to combat neomercantilism can more easily be seduced into combating the free market .
“ Either way , ” Long concludes , “ The state remains secure . ”
The map below shows the counties at risk of having no insurer on the marketplace ( exchange ) in 2018 , as of September 15 , 2017 .
The map is based on a Kaiser Family Foundation analysis of insurer rate filings and news reports . Our historical analysis of insurer participation on the marketplaces from 2014-2017 can be found here .
These data are preliminary and subject to change as more information becomes public . Insurer participation in 2018 will not be finalized until the fall of 2017 . It is possible that another insurer will expand into the counties that currently appear bare , and it is also possible that insurers will exit from other counties not shown on this map .
If a county has no exchange insurer , consumers would not be able to purchase marketplace plans with federal subsidies , including advanced premium tax credits ( APTCs ) and cost-sharing reductions ( CSR ) . Tax credits make coverage more affordable throughout the year by lowering consumers ' monthly premium costs ; cost-sharing reductions help lower out-of-pocket costs . In 2017 , 8.7 million people ( 84 % of all marketplace enrollees ) received tax credits to cover a share of their premium and 5.9 million people ( 57 % of all marketplace enrollees ) received cost-sharing reductions .
This map only shows participation by on-exchange insurers . It is possible that some people in counties with no exchange insurers in 2018 will be able to purchase individual plans off-exchange , though this coverage would not qualify for financial assistance . If no exchange insurer participates in their county , people that rely on these subsidies may be unable to afford insurance off-exchange .
The below map shows counties that have been at risk of having no exchange insurer in 2018 at some point since February 2017 . In many of these counties , at least one insurer has since announced that they will cover the county in 2018 . The map text explains when these counties were considered at risk of having no 2018 exchange insurer , and which insurers have since announced they will cover the counties in 2018 .
One of the most remarkable examples of this took place on July 1 , 2003 , when half a million of Hong Kong 's people took to the streets to protest Article 23 , an internal security law that would establish long prison sentences for offenses like sedition or even the handling of documents seen as seditious by the government . The protests were also a criticism of then-Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa , who many viewed as a mainland puppet . One poster had an image of Tung with a pie in their face .
That protest was not long after my arrival in Hong Kong , where I lived as a journalist for three years . On July 1 , I watched in amazement as enormous crowds of Hong Kongers came out in the sticky heat to demand their rights . Of course , I had known that Hong Kong had broader freedoms than the mainland . But the term “ one country , two systems ” does not do nearly enough justice to the fierce democratic spirit that I witnessed that day . Maybe this does n't seem like a big deal . It 's worth noting , though , that despite the recent explosion of indignation on Twitter and in the media over NSA surveillance , half a million Americans did not take to the streets—perhaps because Americans feel they have other avenues and generally do not feel that their liberties are constantly under threat . Hong Kong , by comparison , lives in a state of alarm . Even after Article 23 was shelved indefinitely , Hong Kongers did not rest on their laurels . In 2004 there was a record turnout for elections . `` We have one vote , we can express our opinion , '' Ma Kin On , 44 years old and unemployed , told me at the time . `` If you do n't come out , who is going to represent your opinion ? ''
The Hong Kong pro-democracy crowd will consistently tell you that their liberties are being threatened like never before . Last year , the Hong Kong Journalists Association found that 87 percent of respondents believe that Hong Kong enjoys less freedom than in 2005 . Mak Yinting , chairperson of the Hong Kong Journalists Association , told me on Monday that over the years Chinese government officials stationed in Hong Kong have been making more calls to Hong Kong newsrooms . Hong Kong 's current Chief Executive CY Leung , Mak added , is not a “ media-friendly leader. ” Jin Zhong , chief editor of the pro-democracy Open Magazine , mentioned repeated attempts at greater media controls and interference . But they also told me , “ Hong Kong 's freedom of expression is more than adequate for those who wish to exercise it , and is limited only by the will to exercise it . ''
Indeed , some of the most creeping erosions of freedom of speech come in the shadowy form of self-censorship , where people are afraid of offending the mainland either for political or business reasons . Even while covering the elections 10 years ago , I heard fears of the economic costs of conflict with China and concern about disrupting “ stability. ” Businesses , for example , will not always be so eager to advertise in Hong Kong 's pro-democracy media outlets . Mak notes that the influx of mainlanders and China 's huge market are variables that may affect Hong Kong 's safeguards of freedom of expression .
But as of now , the Hong Kong people continue to fight . Last year , tens of thousands protested the introduction of Chinese patriotic education in Hong Kong schools , with critics citing fears of brainwashing . And on June 4 of this year , thousands came out to remember the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown . On July 1 , the anniversary of Hong Kong 's 1997 handover to China , we can expect to see thousands more .
President Vladimir Putin has signed into law a bill detailing the psychological and medical tests on young people suspected of drug abuse .
The tests would be voluntary and comprise two stages . The first is a written psychological test , followed by medical checks to find traces of illegal drugs in their bodies .
If experts find schoolchildren are using illegal drugs , they would be sent to a rehab centre .
Children younger than 15 will need the consent of their parents before the tests can be carried out .
Many Russian regions have already introduced tests at a local level . Everywhere the tests for illegal drugs are voluntary . The federal law was drafted in November last year and passed by parliament in late May this year .
The anti-drug program has already caused controversy – in some places parents were asked to sign their consent but were not told the details of the test . In others , critics pointed at the insufficient protection of the highly sensitive information and potential damage if the results of the tests ( or even the names of those who refused to take them ) become public .
Some also pointed at the apparently lax approach by the experts – one of the questions was reportedly a direct “ have you ever inhaled gasoline or acetone for the sake of unusual experience ' – something that young children might see as an instruction , rather than a warning .
According to a recent poll among Russians aged 11 to 24 , about a quarter had tried illegal drugs usually between the ages of 15 and 16 .
The overall number of drug addicts is difficult to estimate – while the number of officially registered patients in rehabs and clinics is about 500,000 , experts estimate that the real number of people who regularly use illegal drugs is between between two and two-and-a-half million .
Russia has a fairly strict drug policy and President Vladimir Putin again spoke against the so-called “ soft drugs ” in a recent speech saying that their legalization in certain countries was “ a dangerous path ” .
A NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Set in the aftermath of Iran 's fraudulent elections of 2009 , Zahra 's Paradise is the fictional graphic novel of the search for Mehdi , a young protestor who has vanished into an extrajudicial twilight zone . What 's keeping their memory from being obliterated is not the law . It is the grit and guts of their mother , who refuses to surrender their son to fate , and the tenacity of their brother , a blogger , who fuses tradition and technology to explore and explode the void in which Mehdi has vanished .
Zahra 's Paradise weaves together fiction and real people and events . As the world witnessed the aftermath of Iran 's fraudulent elections , through YouTube videos , on Twitter , and in blogs , this story came into being . The global response to this gripping tale has been passionate—an echo of the global outcry during the political upheaval of the summer of 2009 .
Zahra 's Paradise is a first on the internet , a first for graphic novels , and a first in the history of political dissidence . Zahra 's Paradise is being serialized online .
Zahra 's Paradise is a Publishers Weekly Best Comics title for 2011 .
Trump Still Insists Millions Voted Illegally . ( There 's Still No Evidence Of That )
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bloomberg via Getty Images Bloomberg via Getty Images
This week , Donald Trump told members of Congress that they would have won the popular vote , were it not for 3 to 5 million votes cast against them by `` illegals . '' And when asked about it at the Tuesday press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer affirmed that `` the president does believe that . ''
But there is no evidence .
No , you 're not having deja vu . Yes , they have made this claim before . Yes , many outlets ( NPR included ) fact-checked it .
And other high-profile Republicans have not come to Trump 's aid in defending their voter-fraud claims .
`` I 've seen no evidence to that effect . I 've made that very , very clear , '' House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters , according to The Hill .
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham on Tuesday offered a sharper rebuke , saying that they want Trump to either say that the election was fair , or provide evidence that it was not .
`` I am begging the president , share with us the information you have about this or please stop saying it , '' they said , adding :
`` As a matter of fact , I 'd like you to do more than stop saying it ; I 'd like you to come forward and say , 'Having looked at it , I am confident the election was fair and accurate , and people who voted voted legally . ' ... If they do n't do that , this is going to undermine their ability to govern this country . ''
Lindsey Graham on Trump 's bogus widespread voter fraud claim : `` undermines faith in our democracy '' ... could `` undermine their ability to govern '' pic.twitter.com/EHKwcay5Ku — Bradd Jaffy ( @ BraddJaffy ) January 24 , 2017
In the era of persistent misinformation and conspiracy theories — some of them repeated by the president themselves — repeating the ( non-alternative ) facts is important . So here 's a run-through our fact check again , starting with some bold typeface :
The Trump team has yet to provide evidence of widespread voter fraud .
Back in November , Donald Trump tweeted something similar to what they told lawmakers this week , saying ( without providing evidence ) that they `` won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally . '' They later also alleged , once again without evidence , that there was `` serious voter fraud '' in three states .
Those are some heavy accusations . When asked for evidence shortly thereafter , Jason Miller , a senior communications adviser for Trump 's campaign , did provide two sources . However , those proved to have some major problems .
Elections Rigging An Election ? It 's Not So Easy , Voting Law Expert Says Rigging An Election ? It 's Not So Easy , Voting Law Expert Says Listen · 37:40 37:40
One , an analysis of survey data published on the Washington Post 's social-science blog , Monkey Cage , estimated that `` 6.4 percent of non-citizens voted in 2008 and 2.2 percent of non-citizens voted in 2010 . '' However , that study drew heavy criticism from other scholars , who both saw weaknesses in the authors ' methods and the survey they used .
In addition , one of the authors of that heavily criticized study themselves later rejected attempts to use that study to prove fraud .
`` On the right there has been a tendency to misread our results as proof of massive voter fraud , which we do n't think they are , '' wrote Old Dominion University political science professor Jesse Richman in a blog post .
In another post , they further pointed out that even if one did extrapolate from their study , it does not imply that illegal votes would have affected the outcome of the 2016 presidential election , because it simply was not a close election . Though Trump won the electoral vote , Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes .
Miller also cited a 2012 Pew Charitable Trusts report on the state of states ' voting systems . And that report did reveal some troubling statistics . For example , it found that 2.8 million people are registered to vote in more than one state and that 24 million registration records `` are estimated to be inaccurate or no longer valid . ''
That means voting systems could definitely be modernized in some ways .
However , that is not at all evidence of fraudulent voting , as the study 's main author pointed out on Twitter ( highlighted by the Washington Post 's Fact-Checker ) :
We found millions of out of date registration records due to people moving or dying , but found no evidence that voter fraud resulted . — David Becker ( @ beckerdavidj ) November 28 , 2016
Voter lists are much more accurate now than when we issued that study in 2012 , thanks to the 20 states sharing data through @ ericstates_info — David Becker ( @ beckerdavidj ) November 28 , 2016
And importantly , while voting systems could be ( and have been ) improved more , there are rules in place that keep people from being quickly purged from registration lists — simply moving from one state to another or dying wo n't instantaneously remove a person from the list .
`` So what has happened is that this notion that voter registration lists can possibly be 100 percent accurate at any point in time is a complete fiction , '' Lorraine Minnite , author of The Myth of Voter Fraud , told NPR in November . `` It 's not allowed under federal law to be that way . ''
This is not to say that voter fraud does n't happen ; it does . However , it is not widespread .
Bigger problems to come ?
Trump 's willingness to make ( and repeat ) untrue claims , demonstrated in just the first few days as president , have provided a taste of the challenges the media could face in holding the administration accountable in the coming years .
As I wrote in September , repeated false claims create a difficult situation for journalists . On the one hand , we could continue to write refutations every time one of these inaccuracies is repeated — but that means repeating an untrue claim . On the other hand , we could refuse to repeat the claim — but that means allowing one of the most powerful voices in the nation to make the claim repeatedly unchecked .
Aside from the voter-fraud remarks , press secretary Spicer gave other false statements about the inauguration over the weekend . Photos of the National Mall from 2009 and 2017 clearly show Obama 's first inauguration with far more attendees . To explain the lower attendance at the Trump inauguration , Spicer made untrue claims about Mall ground coverings and inauguration security , offering ready-made explanations for that attendance to anyone who wants them . They also later said they were referring to audience overall , including online streaming of the event .
And for anyone who is firmly dug into their positions , those positions can be remarkably immovable . Beliefs , as political scientist Brendan Nyhan wrote in a 2016 paper , `` seem to be closely linked to people 's worldviews and may be accordingly difficult to dislodge without threatening their identity or sense of self . ''
Our reverence for “ hard work ” demeans us all
When the British Conservative Party announced at its 2013 conference that it had the interests of “ hard-working people ” at heart , they invoked a mantra long propagated by an out of touch political class . “ Hard-work ” , we 're often told , is a positive thing in and of itself , regardless of its social effects or the impact it has on the individual actually carrying it out . The term , employed in the rhetoric of both the left and the right , is rarely challenged and forms much of what is viewed as “ common sense ” . Hard work is seen as a virtue , a service to the nation and an ideal to aspire to .
Yet , when we are honest with ourselves , most of us hate work . It 's why Mondays are grim and Fridays are awesome . It 's why we spend most of our week days watching the clock in eager anticipation of 5 o'clock , all the time wishing our lives away . The person who claims to enjoy “ hard work ” is either a liar or intensely boring . A recent Gallup poll found that , across the globe , only 13 % of people actually like going to work . This is unsurprising , given that work for most people under capitalism is often low paid , unrewarding , stressful , degrading and tedious .
There is nothing noble about coming home from work mentally , physically and emotionally exhausted . Neglecting your friends and family in favour of helping your boss make more profits is not virtuous . And restricting the time you spend on developing talents such as music , art or sports because of your excessive working hours is not only detrimental to you personally , but is also detrimental to wider society . How many people with the musical potential of Jimi Hendrix have been unable to develop their talents because they had to spend the majority of their life in a factory ? How many potentially great writers have been unable to express themselves like George Orwell or Oscar Wilde because the bulk of their energies were channelled into working in a supermarket ?
Since the onset of the financial crisis in 2008 , trade unions and the left have argued for the creation of more jobs to tackle unemployment . Yet , in doing so , they have failed to highlight one of the most absurd contradictions of capitalism ; the fact that there are 200 million people unemployed across the globe , while those who are in employment are generally overworked . Rather than increasing the number of jobs , we should be arguing for existing jobs to be shared out while simultaneously reducing the length of the working week .
The New Economics Foundation ( NEF ) recently outlined a strong economic , ecological and social case for reducing the standard working week to 21 hours – something that has the potential to resonate in the 21st century . Less work can assist in the fight against climate change and allow us to live more sustainable lives . The fast-pace of our working lives forces us into many environmentally and socially destructive habits . We drive cars because they are deemed to be more “ convenient ” instead of using less carbon-intensive public transport . And instead of growing our own food , many people consume nutritionless ready meals and packed vegetables which , as the NEF shows , are grossly more damaging to the eco-system .
Trips abroad can also become more ecologically friendly than the carbon-intensive short-term holidays of modern capitalist society . As it stands , most people can only avail of two or three weeks away from their jobs at any one time , meaning slower modes of transport , such as trains , are not a viable way of visiting a foreign country . If workers were given the opportunity to take a number of months off at one time , in exchange for working extended hours at another time of the year , what is to stop them getting a train to Beijing or a ship to New York ? The mass use of airplanes merely emphasises the sheer rush and intensity of modern life , as people seek to maximize the amount of leisure they manage to squeeze into the meagre time they have away from work .
In 1930 , British economist John Maynard Keynes predicted that technological advancement would allow people in the 21st century to enjoy a 15-hour work week . Leisure time , it was suggested , would become so plentiful that people would struggle to find enough activities to occupy themselves . Yet , despite a rise in productivity and the abundance of material goods , these predictions failed to materialise . Across Europe , the average working week stands at 41.6 hours , and that does n't include time spent commuting to and from work .
The ‘ work ethic '
Negative aspects of any class society , such as inequality , ecological degradation and social deprivation , need to be justified or excused by widely propagated myths in order to be sustained . The excessive working hours endured by most people are justified by the work ethic , as exemplified in the Conservative Party 's condescending slogan lauding “ hard-working ” people ( the inference being that those deemed not to be “ hard-working ” are less deserving and less eligible for political representation ) .
The worship of work is as old as capitalism itself , and it is under the unique characteristics of capitalism as a mode of production that the work ethic takes hold . Under slavery and feudalism , work was seen as a negative thing , something that was bestowed upon humans from God as punishment for ‘ original sin ' . Ancient societies in Greece and Rome saw human labour as something to be avoided at any cost . Work was for the slaves — the lowest rungs of society . Before capitalism , most labour was done out of necessity . In feudal Europe , for example , peasants produced their own food and the surplus was passed onto the lord who owned the land . Since the production of huge surpluses was not necessary , people enjoyed extended periods of leisure once they produced what was needed . Work did not define individuals , as is the case today ; work was merely a means to an end .
The Protestant Reformation challenged the traditional idea of work , with Martin Luther arguing that God 's Will could be fulfilled by individuals working hard . Labour was seen as a service to God , an outlook which helped to normalise the long , gruelling working hours which defined the Industrial Revolution . These ideas proved useful for an economic system which was based on , as Marx wrote , production “ for production 's sake ” . Max Weber , who coined the term ‘ the Protestant work ethic ' , argued that the rise of these ideas ensured that capitalism would surface in Europe before it would in any other part of the planet .
The work ethic transformed over time , gradually becoming more secular to reflect societal values . Where people once served God , we now aim to be seen as “ contributing ” to society , a perverse form of social Darwinism under which humans beings must justify their existence through “ hard work ” before they can benefit from the fruits of civilisation . The unemployed , the elderly and the disabled are seen as a “ burden ” on society , living a life of luxury at the expense of the mythical “ taxpayer ” .
In the United States , the ‘ American Dream ' played on the unrealistic aspirations held by many working people , who were conned into believing they could one day be millionaires , provided they put in the work . During the World Wars and the subsequent recovery , the population was called upon to work in the ‘ national interest ' , a term which has been resurrected by the right following the global financial collapse of 2008 . Today , as Sharon Beder pointed out , “ the work ethic is promoted primarily in terms of work being a responsibility both to the family and the nation ” . They went on to explain :
“ As we begin the twenty first century work and production has become ends in themselves . Employment has become such a priority that much environmental degradation is justified merely on the grounds that it provides jobs . And people are so concerned to keep their jobs that they are willing to do what their employers require of them even if they believe it is wrong or environmentally destructive . ”
The capitalist work ethic is often used as a vicious weapon of class warfare . It dehumanises us and commodifies our very being . We are not seen as individuals with aspirations and interests ; we are mere beasts of burden , with the sole life purpose of “ working hard ” . Our lives should not be defined merely by productivity nor should we have to justify our existence by proving to others our ability and willingness to “ work hard ” . Human progress is about overcoming the need for human toil as much as is practicable , and this is a case the left needs to make . As the great Scottish trade unionist Jimmy Reid once quipped : “ A rat race is for rats . We are not rats . We are human beings . ”
This article was published in the Morning Star
Advertisements
Capital gains on residential properties bought and sold within two years will soon be taxed by the Government .
The new test will not apply to the family home , death estates or properties sold as part of a relationship property settlement .
Photo : RNZ / Diego Opatowski
It will be included in this Thursday 's Budget .
Photo : RNZ / Diego Opatowski
Prime Minister John Key made the announcement at the party 's lower North Island regional conference in Silverstream , near Wellington .
Unlike the current regime , the new test will not rely on proving a seller 's intent to make a capital gain .
It will come into effect from 1 October and the rate will be the same as the seller 's income tax rate .
Other measures announced today will require all non-resident buyers and sellers to provide a tax identification number from their home country along with identification such as a passport .
They must also have an Inland Revenue Department number and New Zealand bank account .
Not a capital gains tax - Key
Mr Key said there was already a tax for people buying properties with the intention of selling it for a profit but enforcement of that tax relied on proving intent .
They insisted the new policy was not a capital gains tax .
`` I 'm opposed to capital gains taxes ... A capital gains tax means that when you buy a property , it does n't matter when you sell it , you pay the capital gains tax .
`` The reason I 'm opposed to them is you can drive a bus through them because people structure themselves in a way ...
`` This is just simply saying the current law is you have to pay on intent ; we 're taking away the presumption that you can argue [ that ] within a two-year period , buying or selling a property , other than your family home , that actually what you 're really doing was looking to make a gain - it 's quite a different sort of thing . ''
Photo : RNZ / Jane Patterson
They said these new rules would help keep track of overseas buyers and sellers in particular , to help the IRD collect tax owed .
`` New Zealanders would expect Inland Revenue to apply the same tax rules on overseas property investors that are applied to New Zealand property buyers . ''
The Budget will also include $ 29 million for the IRD to increase its property tax compliance activities .
Finance Minister Bill English said they wanted to assure people the family home would not be included but it was equally important that people buying residential property for gains met their tax obligations , whether they were from New Zealand or overseas .
Mr English said the Government would also investigate introducing a withholding tax for non-residents selling residential property .
They said officials would consult on the details with a view to the tax being introduced around the middle of next year .
Support for new policy
An organisation representing some property investors said the new tax measures should stop some rental property owners from avoiding paying tax .
Capital Property Investors Association president Alistair Gillespie said the tax changes made sense .
`` I suspect , actually , there 's probably more people not paying tax than should be , '' they said .
`` Although , I believe , Inland Revenue , some time back , actually had a lot of resources given to them for chasing down these so-called investors or speculators . ''
Photo : RNZ / Jane Patterson
Labour Party leader Andrew Little said the change was an admission from the Government that property speculators making huge profits were actually a problem .
`` But yet again National is tinkering with the housing market . The moves announced today are tentative and incremental , '' they said .
`` The Prime Minister is creating a massive loop-hole with their new 'bright line ' test which will exempt speculators who hold onto their properties for longer than two years . ''
They said the tax would only capture a small number of speculators .
`` It will take two-and-a-half years for this tax to fully come into effect . That is a long time to wait when Auckland house prices rose over $ 100,000 last year .
`` For years the Prime Minister has denied there is a crisis , refused to admit foreign investors are pushing up house prices and said there is no need to dampen down housing demand .
`` Today , John Key has been forced to eat their words . ''
Photo : RNZ / Diego Opatowski
Green Party co-leader Metiria Turei said the announcement was a good start but more needed to be done .
`` Well , it 's about time that they , you know , stop sitting on their hands and actually do something about the housing crisis in Auckland .
`` They have other tools that they can use as well . They need to restrict foreign ownership of New Zealand properties , looking at progressive ownership ...
`` There 's lots of tools Government has at hand . The capital gains tax is one - great that they 're getting started - but we need to make sure all the tools are being used . ''
They said the Greens had argued the case for a capital gains tax for many years .
There 's a lot of potential for wacky hijinks with this plot . It would n't be the first movie where a mentally unstable person got a TV show . However , Welcome to Me remains firmly rooted in reality . It can best be described as a black comedy , as there are some scenes that get a little ... real .
Kristen Wiig nails this performance . Alice is unstable , but seems to have things under control . However , as things progress with their show , they grow more and more unhinged and alienates all of their friends and family . There are no wacky hallucination sequences or weird Twin Peaks dreams . We see Alice as they are : a woman who is unwell , who feels marginalized and wants to be noticed .
The whole cast gives an exemplary performance , which comes as no surprise since it 's pretty stacked . Linda Cardellini ( from Freaks and Geeks , Mad Men , a whole bunch of other shit ) plays Alice 's put-upon best friend . James Marsden ( Cyclops from X-Men , one of Liz Lemon 's boyfriends ) plays the studio executive who has to control the chaos of Alice 's show . Wes Bently ( the creepy video-camera kid from American Beauty ) plays Alice 's main love interest/ James Marsden 's brother . Joan Cusack ( too many roles to list ) rounds out the cast as the show 's cynical producer .
Welcome to Me is absolutely a funny movie . However , it 's not exactly lighthearted . Like I said , there are moments that get pretty uncomfortable so get ready for that . Check out this movie if you 're feeling like watching something that 's gon na make you laugh , but also make you think .
Interested in building an open source cloud using the latest and greatest that OpenStack has to offer ? You 're not alone . We 've collected some of the best how-tos , guides , tutorials , and tips published over the past month into this handy collection . Take a look , prepare to learn , and when you get stuck , remember that the official documentation for OpenStack is your friend too .
This month , we look at building RPM packages , simplifying log files , running custom code with Nova hooks , and more .
Let 's start out with something a little less technical for starters . If you 're looking to find a hoster OpenStack solution , here 's a quick and easy guide to finding the right OpenStack provider using the information provided by the OpenStack Marketplace . Of course , it 's just a starting point and you 'll want to investigate your options fully before making a commitment .
Are the log files from your OpenStack Horizon installation piling up ? You can rotate them out on a regular basis to reduce their size . Here 's a quick way to truncate your log files .
Want to create a new flavor in Nova , but only make it accessible to certain tenants in your cloud ? It 's pretty easy with this tip for granting access to specific users . ( A flavor is just a specific set of resources allocated to a virtual machine . )
Do you participate in the OpenStack development community ? Want to keep an eye on the IRC channels even when you 're away ? Sean Dague has some tips for setting up an IRC proxy with ZNC , IRC on mobile , and more .
Ever wanted to build an RPM package for an OpenStack component for testing , say , perhaps to try it out with an RDO installation . Adam You give it a shot with Keystone , but with a disclaimer : `` This is not a how-to . This is more like a police log . '' But we found it easy enough to follow .
Debugging simple code issues , including small syntax problems like a missed parenthesis , can be a difficult using certain testing tools commonly used with OpenStack , because the actual error gets lost in the output . Here 's a simple way to make it a little bit eaier .
Do you need to run some custom code when Nova creates your instance in OpenStack ? Nova provides hooks for doing this , but it 's not obvious how to use them . Lars Kellogg-Stedman has an easy-to-follow example .
That 's it for this month . Check out our past OpenStack tutorials collection for more great guides and hints . And if we missed your favorite new guide or resource , let us know in the comments !
New Republican legislation in the House and Senate would force the U.S. government to reroute huge amounts of money to China and other creditors in the event that Congress fails to raise its debt ceiling .
“ I intend to introduce legislation that would require the Treasury to make interest payments on our debt its first priority in the event that the debt ceiling is not raised , ” Sen. Pat Toomey ( R-PA ) wrote in a Friday Wall Street Journal op-ed .
If passed , Toomey 's plan would require the government to cut large checks to foreign countries , and major financial institutions , before paying off its obligations to Social Security beneficiaries and other citizens owed money by the Treasury — that is , if the U.S. hits its debt ceiling . Republican leaders insist they will raise the country 's debt limit before this happens . But first , they 're going to try to force Democrats to accept large spending cuts , using their control over the debt limit as leverage . That means gridlock , and the threat that they 'll come up short .
That 's where Toomey 's idea supposedly comes in . And yet , according to the Treasury Department , their plan would n't actually avoid a default , or its catastrophic consequences. “ [ T ] his idea is unworkable , ” said Deputy Treasury Secretary Neal Wolin in a statement . “ It would not actually prevent default , since it would seek to protect only principal and interest payments , and not other legal obligations of the U.S. , from non-payment . Adopting a policy that payments to investors should take precedence over other U.S. legal obligations would merely be default by another name , since the world would recognize it as a failure by the U.S. to stand behind its commitments . ”
The full impact of an actual default is unclear , but Treasury , and independent experts have warned that it would among other consequences , cause an enormous loss of wealth among U.S. citizens . Under the circumstances , one would think that the government 's top priority would be ensuring that citizens owed money by the Treasury would take precedence over , say , foreign governments . But that would n't be the case if Toomey and some House Republicans , including Republican Study Committee Chairman Jim Jordan ( R-OH ) , get their way .
The Administration thinks such a policy would be tone deaf . “ Such a policy would also be unacceptable to American servicemen and women , retirees , and all other Americans , who would rightly reject the notion that their payment has been deemed a lower priority by their government , ” Wolin added .
The top Democrats on the House and Senate Budget Committees call it a jaw-droppingly bad idea .
“ I think it is a dreadful idea , ” Sen. Kent Conrad ( D-ND ) told National Journal . “ Basically what they are saying is , pay China first . Are we going to forget about the American public and the things that they need ? Somehow they are secondary ? And paying the Chinese and the Japanese is the first priority of this country ? I do n't even know how to describe that idea ; it 's just a very , very bad one . ”
Their House Democratic counterpart , Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D-MD ) , added “ What they are saying essentially is that the full faith and credit of the American government extends to a lot of foreign countries , but it does n't extend to the American people themselves . ”
Officials do n't expect the U.S. to reach its debt limit until Spring . That gives John Boehner and Mitch McConnell ( and , perhaps , Harry Reid ) several weeks to figure out how to raise it . But Republicans on the Hill remain divided over if and how to get that done . And , it seems , about how to move forward if they fail .
Photo : David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images
While stunned Democratic voters in the heavily liberal tech industry try to acclimate themselves to four years of a Trump presidency , at least one person is feeling pretty good : Peter Thiel , the Facebook billionaire who loudly and expensively stood by their candidate despite the opprobrium and scorn of their peers . This afternoon , the Huffington Post is reporting that Thiel is even being considered to lead Trump 's transition team , replacing Chris Christie .
It 's just the latest in a string of ominous successes for Thiel , who earlier this year admitted that they were funding a lawsuit against the blog network Gawker Media — the same lawsuit that would ultimately bankrupt the company and its founder and shut down the flagship site . Last month , at a moment when it seemed unlikely Trump would ever reach the White House , Thiel announced a $ 1.25 million donation to their chosen candidate . At the time , it seemed to the press like a bafflingly silly decision made by a Silicon Valley crackpot ; now , it looks like an inauspicious sign that Peter Thiel 's presence in our political and cultural life is n't going to go away .
Thiel 's support of Trump had always been an outlier in the overwhelmingly liberal consumer tech industry , and they have rightly faced pressure from activists over their support of Trump , whose campaign implicitly endorsed and emboldened racists and misogynists and xenophobes . There have been repeated calls for companies like Facebook , on whose board they sit , and the startup incubator Y Combinator , where he 's a part-time partner , to distance themselves from Thiel . ( One gets the impression that Thiel loves this . Their statements have repeatedly conjured up the image of Tina Fey “ high-fiving a million angels ” as a loud crowd boos . )
Thiel 's Facebook board seat , and position at Y Combinator , was safe , however , in part because their Trump donation seemed to be seen more as a curiosity than a real threat . Silicon Valley has been ascendant for the last ten years , supported and touted by a Democratic president whose liberal views on tech-industry issues like immigration were part of a friendly environment that allowed its software to “ eat the world. ” While Thiel 's support of Trump might be distasteful , it was also difficult for their peers to take seriously . Not only was it hard to believe that Trump could win , but Thiel themselves is gay , as they proudly proclaimed at the Republican National Convention earlier this year , and an immigrant . What did they see in the candidate that others could n't ? Was they currying political favor ? Was they sowing the seeds of a future run for office ? Was they positioning themselves as a primary force among the so-called alt-right ?
The answer they eventually gave , in a stilted speech in Washington , D.C. , was none of the above . Thiel genuinely liked and supported the candidate . Like most Trump supporters , Thiel responded to broad rhetoric about the country being broken , about the power of outsiders . It was silly ( and self-contradictory ) enough that we called them a crank .
But , of course , cranks can be billionaires — they can even be president — and with billions of dollars comes the material power that demands , if not respect , then wary attention . We now live in a post-election world in which Trump will be president , and in which Thiel 's donation to Trump was a prescient investment , rather than baffling self-sabotage . “ I 'll try to help the president in any way I can , ” Thiel told the New York Times . They declined to elaborate further on their vision , though they said they would have no formal role , did not aspire to the Supreme Court , and would continue to reside in California . ( At least , until seasteading becomes viable . ) But with Thiel 's positions of power in astronomical data-mining operations like Facebook and Palantir ( a major government contractor ) , and their various investments in education , we should pay very close attention to where and how Trump and Thiel overlap .
In some ways , Thiel 's choosing not to engage in Washington directly is a more menacing prospect for liberals . They and Trump are aligned in their belief that the liberal media is vicious and deserves to be curtailed , that outlets like Gawker should be sued out of existence , buried in untenable paperwork and legal costs . A Peter Thiel empowered by Trump 's victory and their successful campaign against Gawker , one who 's suffered no ill effect on their finances or on their relationships with their industry peers , is one we all might be wary of .
But we might be more scared of what comes after Peter Thiel . For the most part , tech 's class of billionaires has been philanthropically inoffensive , if not always effective , focusing money on education , immigration , and , uh , curing all diseases . This philanthropic focus has , in turn , made Silicon Valley largely well-regarded outside the tech world . Thiel would appear to be — and would appear to delight in being — the first overnight billionaire to put their money toward causes deeply opposed by their community . And he 's demonstrated that this model of activism — of a billionaire putting small fractions of their unprecedented net worth behind active political efforts to shut down hostile media outlets and elect xenophobes — works , with no downside . The tech industry is creating new billionaires every year . How many of them are going to be Bill Gates , and how many will be Peter Thiels ?
The head of the Loyal White Knights of the KKK could decide to stay home from the rally they called in Charlottesville July 8 because their bond for a pending stabbing charge prohibits them from leaving North Carolina .
Christopher Barker was arrested in December on the eve of a parade to celebrate the election of Donald Trump after a fellow klansman was stabbed in their Yanceyville , North Carolina , home . Barker was charged with aiding and abetting assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill , inflicting serious injury , a charge that carries up to 19 years .
They were supposed to be in court June 26 , but their case was continued to the week of July 24 , according to Caswell County District Attorney Jacqueline Perez . Their $ 75,000 bond restricts them to Caswell and Rockingham counties in North Carolina .
An appearance in Charlottesville July 8 “ would be a violation of their release conditions , ” says Perez . “ We would have to inform the court . Their bond could be modified or revoked . ”
If spotted in Justice Park , Charlottesville police would notify North Carolina authorities , says Lieutenant Steve Upman , but Barker would n't be arrested unless a warrant were issued by North Carolina .
“ It 's my understanding he 's not coming , ” says Upman .
Barker , who earlier said they were coming to protest the city 's votes to remove the statue of General Robert E. Lee and rename Lee and Jackson parks , had not returned a call to the Loyal Whites hotline at press time .
KOLKATA : Three men were sentenced to death Saturday by an Indian court for the gang-rape and murder of a student , in a case that sparked outrage over women 's safety .
A further three defendants were given life sentences for the gang-rape of the victim .
The court in Kolkata handed down the sentences following their conviction on Thursday . The 21-year-old woman was targeted as they walked home after an exam in 2013 in eastern West Bengal state .
Senior public prosecutor Anindya Raut told AFP : “ It was a gruesome crime , the rarest of the rarest case .
Related : Six found guilty of gang rape , murder in India
“ Judge Sanchita Sarkar handed down the verdicts in a packed court which included the victim 's family . “ I award the death sentence to three convicts on charges of gang-rape and murder of the student and life imprisonment to three others for gang rape , criminal conspiracy and causing disappearance of evidence , ” Sarkar said .
Scores of activists and people from the victim 's home village were at court chanting slogans against the convicts and demanding death for all of them .
Extra police officers were deployed outside the court following a scuffle Thursday between police and protesters who tried to enter the court complex .
“ Justice has failed us as two of the accused were acquitted and three were awarded life sentences , ” the victim 's brother told AFP .
The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , was grabbed after getting off the bus before being dragged to a nearby abandoned farm .
The gang attacked them as they returned from the university to their home in a village , 50 kilometres ( 30 miles ) northeast of Kolkata , on June 2013 .
They were found gagged and laying in a pool of blood in a field the next morning . Evidence showed they had been repeatedly raped .
Two of the eight accused were acquitted for lack of evidence by the court .
The attack triggered anger in West Bengal state and came just months after the fatal gang-rape of a student in Delhi in December 2012 that shone a global spotlight on violence against women in India .
The 2012 incident led to an overhaul of India 's rape laws including speeding up of trials and tougher penalties for offenders , but high numbers of assaults persist .
About Wrist Society
We are Wrist Society . A new watch every month for believers that watches are n't just to tell time . We strive for tact , honor , and tradition . $ 29/month .
Wrist Society Review
Y'all this is such a cool subscription box ! A watch a month starting at only $ 29 . The watch I received is awesome ! Very well made and very unique , I am super impressed . It also came with an accent bracelet which was a cool bonus . I can easily say that quality far exceeded my expectations . My husband also was impressed . From what I can tell , they do mostly men 's style watches . Check out the one I received below . The 2 Options : 1 ) The Noble For $ 29 dollars a month we will send you a new random watch that you 'll get to keep . 2 ) The Elite At $ 39 dollars a month as an Elite member you have equity in the selection of the monthly watches .
All product photos by Houston Product Photographer Jonathan Ivy Photo .
OLYMPIA – In their first appointment to the state Supreme Court , Gov . Jay Inslee replaced the high court 's most conservative member with its first Asian-American , first Latina and first openly gay member .
Inslee named King County Superior Court Judge Mary Yu to the seat vacated by Justice Jim Johnson , who is stepping down in the middle of their term for health reasons . Yu , 56 , will have to run to retain the seat in this year 's election .
Making the announcement Thursday with Johnson and the other eight justices standing behind him , Inslee praised Yu as a judge with great intellect , dedication and compassion and said “ her personal story adds a unique perspective that is important as our state 's demographics continue to shift . ”
Them father emigrated from China at age 7 ; their mother from Mexico at 2 . They met while working at a factory in Chicago . Mary Yu has a bachelor 's degree in religious studies , a master 's in theology and a degree from Notre Dame Law School . They worked for the Archdiocese of Chicago and later the Washington state Conference of Catholic Bishops before joining the King County prosecutor 's office , where they once served as top deputy for County Prosecutor Norm Maleng . They were appointed to the Superior Court by then-Gov . Gary Locke in 2000 .
After voters approved same-sex marriage in 2012 , Yu performed the first gay wedding in King County at 12:01 a.m. on the day the law took effect .
Johnson is a former assistant attorney general who handled many of the state 's toughest cases , then had a private practice specializing in constitutional law where they were involved in several initiative campaigns . They wrote the initiative that gave the state its current top-two primary and successfully defended it before the U.S. Supreme Court . They won their seat in the 2004 election and was re-elected easily in 2010 .
On the state Supreme Court , Johnson was a voice for a strict separation of powers and limited government . They were a dissenting voice on the landmark McCleary case that ordered the Legislature to do more to live up to its constitutional mandate that education of children is the state 's paramount duty .
Asked where they would put themselves on the liberal-to-conservative spectrum , Yu replied : “ I ca n't really say … I 've never been wedded to a particular view or philosophy. ” For a trial judge , they added , philosophy is n't as important as applying the law to everyday cases .
They said they believe they and Johnson share more similarities than differences , including a commitment to the rule of law and resolving conflicts .
Networks are messy . Although they can be made to look neat and tidy by holding all the gear in rack mounted cabinets with serious cable management makeovers , they are still comprised of small islands of hardware each running its own proprietary software and firmware , often on proprietary silicon . For home users this is n't really an issue , but for large government and business networks things get complicated and convoluted quickly . Especially in the case of internal networks used by governments that need to be as locked down as possible , changing even one switch , server , or connected device on the network is a tedious ( and expensive ! ) process of rewriting security rules on a and every hardware device .
Each hardware device ( be it a switch , router , server , or firewall ) operates as its own isolated island which requires individual configuration . Seeing the shortcomings of such a setup , researchers and startup companies like Nicira have started to develop open software control systems under a coined term of “ software defined networking ” ( SDN ) . Stuart Miniman defines SDN as “ a model for network control , based on the idea that network traffic flow can be made programmable at scale , thus enabling new dynamic models for traffic management. ” Similar to the way virtualization can be used to host many ( virtual ) computers on one physical piece of hardware , these virtualized networks could allow companies to run multiple network slices off of a single physical network .
This is a level of control and programmability that is not currently possible due to network hardware vendors using proprietary software in all their devices ( Cisco 's IOS for example ) . SDN takes the proprietary code out of the equation , and — using open software on all the routers , switches , firewalls , and other network devices — separates the data and control planes ( the packets and the logic that determines what to do with those packets ) . The network hardware is then connected and mapped out in software , and network admins are able to manage the entire network from a software interface . They are also able to specialize their network and add new functionality by writing their own code and deploying it across the network .
One of the most important benefits of SDN is that commodity hardware can be used , instead of specialty hardware from specific manufacturers . Removing or relocating devices on the network would involve a few mouse clicks in a GUI rather than physically switching Ethernet cables and reconfiguring all the appropriate network devices . Martin Casado , CTO of Nicira ( who is one of the companies developing SDN technologies ) said that “ we 're virtualizing away this physical fabric , and because now we have a virtual layer , you can do anything you want with it . Because of this virtualization , the network can be fashioned from any and all compatible hardware , and can be controlled , transformed , and secured from a software interface rather than from configuring each device individually .
There is talk around the web that SDN will spell the end for special network hardwar companies like Cisco as well as eliminate the jobs of network operators . While entirely possible , such an event is not going to happen overnight . Cisco is not likely to give up without a fight , and at this point it still has a chance to react and adapt to this new technology . The reduction in network operator IT positions is possible as well but this virtualization technology is going to open up its own field of study as well , which should lead to positions maintaining SDN . Especially while software defined networking is still a new technology , businesses are going to need their IT personnel .
Networking giant Cisco has recently responded to rumors of SDN killing its business by stating that some customers do not want programmable networks . Also , for those customers that do want the flexibility of SDN , it has funded and plans to acquire network startup company Insieme . Insieme is reportedly working on a line of programmable network switches that support OpenStack as the SDN abstraction layer . The CTO of Cisco has been quoted by Network World in stating “ Networking is about to be reinvented and Cisco will do that reinvention of networking . ”
In the end , the idea of a truly modular virtualized network that allows control from a software GUI is really cool . It is a big shift in networking to a programmable , open , and modular network controlled via software software that will make managing large scale networks much easier .
[ Image credit ]
If western banks respond to Russia 's bond offering , which will become an additional source of revenue for its economy , it will be a fatal signal for the West and a political fiasco for the US and EU , according to western media .
© AFP 2018 / BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI State Dept Confirms Warning Banks About Risks of Doing Business With Russia
Russia has announced plans to issue sovereign bonds worth $ 3 billion and has invited European , Chinese and US banks to bid for the issue .
“ Should the emission succeed , that would be a blow to the West . For the EU and US , it would be a political fiasco , ” suggests German Die Welt newspaper .
“ The agreement of western banks to assist the Russian state with financing will be a fatal signal for western countries , ” it further elaborates .
The move will make the sanctions de facto worthless , and will leave western countries no means of leveraging economic pressure on Russia .
Deputy Finance Minister Sergei Storchak told reporters on Thursday that enough of the foreign banks , which were sent an inquiry earlier in February , had replied for Russia to proceed with the issuance .
Among those on the list are Barclays , BNP Paribas , Bank of America Merrill Lynch , Bank of China , Wells Fargo , Goldman Sachs , J.P. Morgan , Deutsche Bank , Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , Credit Agricole , Credit Suisse , Landesbank Baden-Wuerttemberg , Morgan Stanley , Nomura , Sberbank CIB , Citigroup , Société Générale , TD Securities , HSBC , RBC Capital Markets , UBS , Scotiabank , China Construction Bank , Agricultural Bank of China , UniCredit and Mizuho Financial .
“ Many of them just did n't come back to us on our proposal . That means they 're not participating , ” they said . “ Not everyone said no : some did n't reply , and some did . We have enough to choose from . ”
© Sputnik / Pavel Lisitsyn Against the Dollar ? What Russia 's Increase of Bullion Reserves Could Mean
A number of US banks approached the Treasury in Washington to ask if responding to the tender would be permissible under the sanctions regime , according to The Financial Times report .
“ The Treasury told the banks that while there was technically no ban against helping the Russian government raise money , the banks would have to be mindful of the fact that the money could be diverted into activities that were not consistent with US foreign policy , ” says the British daily .
A Department of State spokesperson confirmed to Sputnik on Thursday that the US government warned American banks that “ doing business with Russia presented a certain risk . ”
`` We [ the United States ] continue to be clear in our engagements with US companies that we believe there are risks , both economic and reputational , associated with a return to business as usual with Russia , '' the official said when asked if the United States warned companies off bidding on Russian bonds .
The Russian bond deal is even more politically risky , as it would undermine international sanctions on Moscow , The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
© REUTERS / Carlos Barria Lone Superpower ? Washington 's Allies are Getting Out of Control
However , according to The Financial Times , bankers say they expect demand for the offering , which comes in the form of a $ 3 billion 10-year Eurobond , to be high as investors look for ways to return to the Russian market .
“ Our view is that the paper will fly , subject to massive external events , ” the newspaper quotes a Moscow-based executive at one of the foreign banks without revealing their name . “ Russia is by far the largest issuance in the region — given that it has only been repaying [ loans ] there is a certain pent-up demand . ”
The bond issuance will be the first since the western anti-Russian sanctions were imposed in 2014 .
Russia last raised cash on international markets with a $ 7 billion bond in 2013 .
Could the day Colorado Rockies fans have long dreaded finally be nearing a reality ? Is the club ready to entertain trade offers for star shortstop Troy Tulowitzki ?
According to the New York Post 's Joel Sherman , that answer is coming in less than 48 hours . In a story posted Tuesday , Sherman reported that Tulowitzki 's agent , Paul Cohen , will meet their client over breakfast in Los Angele on Thursday to discuss whether it is time to ask the club to trade the 30-year-old , four-time All-Star .
Sherman 's source on the story ? Cohen himself .
Article continues below ...
`` To say that it is not a possibility would be silly , '' Cohen told Sherman when discussing the possibility of a trade demand .
Sherman said that two other sources who know Tulowitzki well say Tulowitzki is tired of losing — the Rockies entered 2015 with losing records in four straight seasons and , after their 10th consecutive loss on Tuesday , their current .373 winning percentage ( 11-18 ) is worse than the lowest winning percentage for a full season in team history .
Cohen told Sherman in their 15-minute discussion that they and Tulowitzki `` spent a tremendous amount of time '' discussing a possible trade in the offseason , and that `` it does n't take a rocket scientist '' to see why the subject could be discussed now , citing the team 's struggles .
FOX Sports MLB Insider Ken Rosenthal reported that , if Tulowitzki and Cohen are indeed ready to talk trade , the feeling is not mutual at Rockies headquarters .
Sources : # Rockies not ready to talk about a Tulo trade . Looking for pitching , preferably at low acquisition cost . — Ken Rosenthal ( @ Ken_Rosenthal ) May 12 , 2015
In terms of potential hurdles in a trade , age , position and contract could all play major roles .
As Sherman points out , Tulowitzki is probably not long for shortstop , a position whose physical demands have sent Hanley Ramirez to the Red Sox outfield in the first month of their four-year , $ 88 million deal signed with Boston in the offseason . Tulowitzki still has six years and $ 118 million remaining on their current deal , Sherman reported . Injuries have also kept Tulowitzki from playing more than 89 games in all but one season since 2011 , and they have played more than 122 games only twice since 2009 .
Then there is that whole taking their bat out of the mile-high Denver air thing .
Rockies general manager Jeff Bridich told MLB.com on Monday , when asked whether they were considering trading Tulowitzki or outfielder Carlos Gonzalez , `` No , it 's early in May . If and when those situations come up , we 'll deal with that then . ''
Last Week in Animation : September 11th By : F. Alexander Bonilla-Chacon
Welcome to Overly Animated 's Last Week in Animation ! This is a recurring series where we aggregate the news items most relevant to fans of the shows we cover regularly , as well as interesting tidbits on other animated television and film projects .
Animation at the Emmys
The big winner at the Emmys in the animation department was the team behind Samurai Jack , which won four out of five awards in the juried Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation category . Bryan Andrews won for their storyboarding work on Episode XCIII ( the second episode of the final season ) . Scott Wills , Craig Kellman and Lou Romano were also honored for their work on the series . The fifth award was given to Justin Nichols for their character animation on Wander Over Yonder .
As for the big-ticket animation categories , the big headline was Adventure Time ‘ s “ Islands Part 4 : Imaginary Resources ” winning the Outstanding Short Form Animated Program award over Steven Universe ‘ s “ Mr . Greg ” , which was considered the most award-bait episode of the show to date . These marks Adventure Time ‘ s second win since 2010 ; the show has been nominated every year since 2010 but did n't get its first win until “ Jake the Brick ” in 2015 . As for Steven Universe , this is only its third straight nomination without a win . Meanwhile , in the Outstanding Animated Program category , Bob 's Burgers ( for “ Bob , Actually ” ) earned its second win in six consecutive nomination years . In the relatively new Outstanding Character Voice-Over Performance category , Seth MacFarlane won for the second consecutive year for their work on Family Guy . Overly Animated listeners may feel that Kristen Schaal was snubbed for their excellent work as Sarah Lynn on BoJack Horseman ‘ s “ That 's Too Much , Man ! ” .
And here , just a quick reminder that now two-time Emmy winner Adventure Time will premiere four new episodes back to back on Sunday , September 17 beginning at 7 PM . For more information , see last week 's article .
More Returns to the Magic School Bus
The Magic School Bus Rides Again , which as we 've previously discussed will be released on September 29 , got its first trailer . And with it comes good news that Lily Tomlin will indeed have at least a cameo reprising the Ms. Frizzle character they gave life to in the original 1990s television series . Furthermore , it was revealed that the new performer of the classic theme song is none other than EGOT winner Lin-Maunuel Miranda . [ The Hollywood Reporter ]
The New Powerpuff Girls
Cartoon Network decided to make a splash with their Powerpuff Girls reboot , advertising a new addition to the main cast in preparation for a five-part special beginning on Sunday , September 17 at 5:30 PM . The new Powerpuff Girl will be voiced by South African musician Toya Delazy , who actually performs the show 's theme song for Cartoon Network 's African affiliates . [ Animation Magazine ]
Film Corner
Famous movie director Guillermo del Toro , more known for surreal films such as Hellboy and The Shape of Water , has been trying to get a stop-motion animated adaptation of Pinocchio off the ground for a while , and in a recent interview with IndieWire , del Toro says that they are still on the project but is looking for financing . The project 's screenplay is also in place , thanks to contributions from Adventure Time and Over the Garden Wall alum Patrick McHale . If The Shape of Water gets good audience reaction , this might help del Toro 's chances of getting this financed , and perhaps that is why he 's dropping this information during press for The Shape of Water . [ Flickering Myth ]
Aardman Animations has put out their first trailer for Early Man , which is expected to come out some time in 2018 . This is the latest offering by the claymation-centric studio , which has produced gems such as Chicken Run and Wallace & Gromit : The Curse of the Were-Rabbit in the past . Aardman Animations ' last feature was the Oscar-nominated Shaun the Sheep Movie .
Other News and Notes
This could probably be a Weird Animation of the Week candidate , but it is also news : Vampire Weekend frontman Ezra Koenig has written and produced an anime-styled show for Netflix titled Neo Yokio , with the protagonist voiced by the mercurial Jaden Smith . Susan Sarandon , Jude Law , Richard Ayoade , Steve Buscemi , Stephen Fry and Desus and Mero . The show 's synopsis is described as Jaden Smith 's character being part of a pink-haired demon slaying family who gets wrapped up in urban intrigue . The show will premiere in its crazy glory on Netflix on Friday , September 22 . [ Entertainment Weekly ]
Long time voice actor Nancy Cartwright , most famous for voicing Bart and various other characters on The Simpsons , will appear in a limited theatrical release , the live action In Search of Fellini , which is based on Cartwright 's search for the Italian director Federico Fellini in the early 1980s . Cartwright has n't acted in a live action film since Roland Emmerich 's Godzilla in 1998 . [ Animation Magazine ]
And finally , in this edition of Weird Animation of the Week , claymation animator Lee Hardcastle has posted a compilation video of the various Adult Swim bumpers he 's produced over the years putting Rick and Morty in various classic sci-fi film situations .
Shellshock continues to reverberate : Attackers are exploiting recently discovered vulnerabilities in the Bash command-line interpreter in order to infect Linux servers with a sophisticated malware program known as Mayhem .
Mayhem was discovered earlier this year and was thoroughly analyzed by researchers from Russian Internet firm Yandex . It gets installed through a PHP script that attackers upload on servers via compromised FTP passwords , website vulnerabilities or brute-forced site administration credentials .
Mayhem 's main component is a malicious ELF ( Executable and Linkable Format ) library file that , after installation , downloads additional plug-ins and stores them in a hidden and encrypted file system . The plug-ins enable attackers to use the newly infected servers to attack and compromise additional sites .
In July , the Yandex researchers estimated that the botnet consisted of around 1,400 infected servers that connected to two separate command-and-control servers .
Researchers from independent research outfit Malware Must Die ( MMD ) reported earlier this week that Mayhem 's authors have added Shellshock exploits to the botnet 's arsenal .
Shellshock is the collective name for several vulnerabilities discovered recently in the Linux Bash command-line interpreter . They can be exploited to achieve remote code execution on servers through several attack vectors including the CGI ( Common Gateway Interface ) , OpenSSH , DHCP ( Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol ) and even OpenVPN in some cases .
Symantec A Symantec infographic explaining how the Shellshock Bash shell vulnerability works .
The Shellshock attacks originating from the Mayhem botnet target Web servers with CGI support . The bots probe Web servers to determine if they 're vulnerable to the Bash flaws and then exploit them to execute a Perl script , according to the MMD researchers .
The script has the malicious Mayhem ELF binary files for both 32-bit and 64-bit CPU architectures embedded into it as hexadecimal data and uses the LD_PRELOAD function to extract and run them on the system , the researchers said in a blog post .
Like the previous version , it creates a hidden file system where it stores its additional components—plug-ins—that are used for various types of scanning and attacks against other servers . The MDL researchers suspect that one of those components has been updated to use the new Shellshock exploits , but have n't confirmed it yet .
However , this theory is supported by the fact that some of the observed Shellshock attack attempts have originated from IP ( Internet Protocol ) addresses associated with existing Mayhem bots in addition to new IP addresses from a variety of countries including the U.K. , Indonesia , Poland , Austria , Australia and Sweden . MMD has shared the information it has gathered with national computer emergency response teams ( CERTs ) .
Most Linux distributions have issued patches for the Shellshock vulnerabilities already , but many Web servers , especially self-managed ones , are not configured to deploy updates automatically . There are also many Linux-based enterprise products and embedded devices that include Web servers and are vulnerable to Shellshock . These can also be a target if patches for them have n't been deployed or are not yet available .
College of Saint Rose professor Bruce Roter in front of the Capitol in Albany , NY , Wednesday July 31 , 2013 . ( John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union ) College of Saint Rose professor Bruce Roter in front of the Capitol in Albany , NY , Wednesday July 31 , 2013 . ( John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union ) Photo : John Carl D'Annibale Photo : John Carl D'Annibale Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Albany needs political corruption museum 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
Albany
If the world gives you Malcolm Smith and Pedro Espada , you might as well make lemonade .
That 's the idea , basically , behind a goofy , funny and creative proposal for bringing more tourists and energy to downtown Albany .
A Museum of Political Corruption .
Yes , it sounds like a joke . But Albany resident Bruce Roter insists the campaign he 's launched is as serious as a root canal .
`` If Albany is going to be associated with corruption , we might as well cash in on it , '' the College of Saint Rose professor said . `` Why not embrace it ? ''
Once I stopped laughing , I realized the sly genius of Roter 's idea . You go with what you have , right ? We , sadly , have corruption .
Cooperstown has its Hall of Fame . Albany can have its Hall of Shame .
You might know Roter if you 're a Trader Joe 's fan . You may even consider them a hero .
That 's because it was Roter who launched a campaign to bring the market to the region , at a time when the chain was essentially saying : `` We will never grace your backwater . ''
Roter did n't give up easily . They and their followers spent five years lobbying Trader Joe 's before celebrating the arrival of the Wolf Road store .
More Information Have a story ? Contact Churchill at 518-454-5700 or cchurchill @ timesunion.com . The column appears Thursdays and Sundays .
Today , he 's tilting at a new windmill . In fact , he 's already created an Albany Museum of Political Corruption website and Facebook page to build support .
One thing 's for sure : It 's a fun museum to imagine .
Roter says visitors would be asked to pay a bribe instead of an admission fee . The cafeteria would serve pork . The gift shop , meanwhile , could have figurines that feature people in suits and say , `` I bought this legislator in Albany , New York ! ''
I have a few ideas of my own .
How about a replica of the jail cell occupied by Alan Hevesi , the disgraced former comptroller ?
Or since museums are increasingly interactive , why not an exhibit that lets visitors experience the excitement of wearing a wire ? They could try to trick friends into admitting a crime .
Roter sees the museum as New York-centric , but I do n't see why exhibits should stop at our border .
In an Illinois wing , for example , visitors could put on a Rod Blagojevich wig and pose for a mug shot . A Detroit feature could show how Kwame Kilpatrick enriched themselves as their city crumbled . And let 's not forget the congressional display — where museum visitors enter a revolving door that takes them from government to the private sector and back to government again .
I do n't know about you , but that 's one museum I 'd visit — an instant tourist attraction unlike any other .
Curators of the museum would face thorny questions , such as whether a politician need actually be convicted to be labeled corrupt . If not , Smith could escape the Hall of Shame if he 's acquitted of the corruption charges they face . And what about our own Joe Bruno , who had their original conviction vacated and may evade a new trial ?
Also , should sexual peccadillos count as corruption ? Including them would boost attendance , no doubt .
`` Oh , look ! Eliot Spitzer 's black socks ! !
`` Oooooh . Anthony Weiner 's cellphone ! ''
`` Check out the hiking boots that Mark Sanford never wore ! ''
There 's a serious side to the proposal , though . Roter says the museum would offer real lessons on political history and could host lectures on civic issues . Plus , a building devoted to political misdeeds — located near the Capitol , preferably — would serve as a warning to lawmakers .
`` For the average person , the museum could serve as a house of horrors , '' Roter said . `` But for politicians , it could serve as a house of mirrors . ''
The museum would also be our community 's way of fighting back against the endless waves of political corruption that we feel powerless to stop . It 'd be our way of saying , `` If you come to Albany and besmirch our city 's name , we 're going to do our best to make sure the world remembers your crime . ''
Now , this project will need to be privately financed , because it wo n't get a penny of public money . The idea might also meet resistance from civic boosters who think a Museum of Public Corruption would only add to Albany 's reputation as a slimy-behavior hotbed .
But the museum , I think , would actually counter that perception , because visitors would notice that most of the corruption bedeviling the Capitol is perpetrated by downstate pols . They 'll see what we 've long known : Much of the problem with `` Albany '' is New York City .
More importantly , a Museum of Political Corruption would bring international attention , revealing Albany as a city with a sense of humor . And it 'd add color and fun to downtown in ways a convention center never could .
`` I think this idea is really going to take off , '' Roter said .
Albany will be a better city if it does .
Protesters lie down as police officers raise their batons outside the gates of Downing Street during a protest against the Conservative Party in central London , May 9 , 2015 . REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Protesters threw bottles , cans and smoke bombs at riot police in central London on Saturday in a demonstration against the re-election of Britain 's Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron .
Scuffles broke out when the demonstrators , blaring hooters , banging pots and chanting obscenities , confronted lines of police outside the gate leading to the prime minister 's Downing Street residence . At one point a bicycle was hurled at police .
Police arrested 17 people , and four officers and another police staff member were injured , Scotland Yard said , in what it described as a spontaneous anti-austerity protest . Two of those hurt were being treated in hospital .
A Reuters photographer estimated that a couple of hundred people took part in the protest , including a group of about 25 black-clad youths with sunglasses and face masks .
Cameron , whose government has enacted tough spending cuts to bring down the budget deficit and has promised more such measures to come , won a second five-year term in Thursday 's election with an outright majority in parliament .
Seta 's Rev Limit was shaping up to be one of the Nintendo 64 's most promising racing games when it was hyped during the early days of the console 's lifespan . Shots of the work-in-progress racer hinted at a real-world driving title with some impressive real-time lighting effects , variable weather conditions and a wide range of vehicles based on real marques . The game underwent several redesigns during its development and was even rumoured to have been switched from the N64 base system to a launch title for the infamous 64DD at one point . Sadly , Seta ran into financial troubles in the late 1990s and the game was quietly cancelled and considered lost ... until now .
According to this thread at the Assembler Games forum , this forgotten Nintendo 64 racer recently surfaced in a Yahoo Auctions lot and was snapped up by Japanese gamer and YouTuber RetroGameTV , who then shared the images on Twitter . The cartridge itself came with an N64 development unit and is a typical elongated prototype model that many pre-production games were tested on . The cartridge is unmarked except for a sticker with the code 'NUS-16F32S ' and '128M + 256K ' which hints at the capacity , and it is believed that the buyer did not know what was on the cart until they tested it himself . Prior to this discovery , it was n't known how much of Rev Limit had been completed before it was canned , and it was speculated that a version of the game could have been finished ( but similarly unreleased ) for the Aleck 64 arcade board . While this may sound unbelievable , it becomes a slightly more feasible prospect when you consider that the Aleck 64 was based on the Nintendo 64 hardware and was co-developed by Seta and Nintendo . Another interesting detail about this find is the date shown on the title screen - 1999 . The game was thought to have been cancelled by 1998 ( after numerous delays ) so this later date hints that Rev Limit could have continued to languish in development hell for a lot longer than originally thought .
While the Nintendo 64 did play host to a number of great non-kart racers such as Ridge Racer 64 , World Driver Championship and Roadsters , Rev Limit could have been another great addition to the library . Since originally publishing this article , RetroGameTV has responded to our request for footage and uploaded the following video .
Rev Limit ( Nintendo 64 ) Gameplay
Link : Assembler Games Rev Limit Thread
by Mervyn Marshall 
‘ Life ' says Kierkegaard , ‘ can only be understood backwards ; but it must be lived forwards . ' Bergman never acknowledged the influence of the Lutheran that was often attributed to their work . Yet it is this momentum forward , a rapid acceleration of life towards the end that causes Isak Borg to reflect on their youth and their family . ‘ No form of art goes beyond ordinary consciousness as film does… deep into the twilight room of the soul ' wrote Bergman in 1987 . Here , in their films , dreams and memories dominate the relationship between their characters and the world . Their senses are exposed , susceptible to heat of the sun , the feel of the earth between fingers , to ‘ hearing the grass grow , and the squirrel 's heart beat ... and we should die of that roar which lies on the other side of silence . '
It is a dream that prompts Isak Borg to take the drive from Stockholm to Lund accompanied by their daughter-in-law . One night they find themselves walking down an abandoned street . A harsh and relentless sunlight blankets the empty streets . There is an unbearable silence that accompanies Isak , so much so that they can hear the beat of their own heart . Silence is loneliness . Unlike solitude , which is to be cherished , loneliness is one of Bergman 's greatest fears . They will forsake many of their characters to loneliness , to anguish and death , such as Eva and Jan Rosenberg in Shame ( 1968 ) abandoned in a tiny lifeboat , adrift at sea , or Karin from Through a Glass Darkly ( 1961 ) whose violation at the hands of the Spider-faced god leads to their total mental collapse . However for Isak Borg , a character created out of the fusion of the turmoil Bergman found in their own inner life and the icy posterior of the director 's father , the dream serves as a warning , a chance of self-redemption through reflection . To dream of oneself is to dream of death and Isak is entitled to a premonition as their body spills from the coffin and latches onto them whilst the eyeless figure that crumbles to the ground and disintegrates alludes to the ignorance and stubbornness of their will . Isak is performed by a former titan of Swedish cinema , Victor Sjöström , then 78 , in a role that came first with apprehension and later , celebration . Bergman declared that ‘ Wild Strawberries was no longer my film ; it was Victor Sjöström 's ! ' This sequence pays tribute to their mentor through the ghostly , driverless carriage that crashes in the street . A reference to Sjöström 's 1922 film The Phantom Carriage , a Dickensian folktale of death and regret . Bergman 's relationship with their father dominates so much of their canon and a bitter feud between the two informed much of the relationship between Isak and their son , Evald , in Wild Strawberries . Upon seeing the film , their father , Erik Bergman , wrote to Sjöström , stating that , ‘ I will always remember with gratitude the friendly , encouraging words you spoke to me about Ingmar when they were still very young , and I stood before you in doubt and uncertainty . '
Along the journey , Isak decides to make a brief interlude at the house where spent the summers of their youth . They spy a patch of wild strawberries and at a touch , they are transported into the past . The howl of the wind against the trees and the song of summer birds prompt the involuntary memory of the soul for Bergman just as madeleine cake did for Proust . Isak is taken to a memory , or rather , to the essence of a memory , a feeling of a memory not retrieved but revealed . Before them appears Sara , the love of their youth who would eventually marry their brother and have six children . Sitting amongst the grass , picking a basket of strawberries , they are approached by Isak 's brother . Nature encompasses the two figures , giving way to the earthy and loose sensuality of their body language . With this framing Bergman evokes Manet 's Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe , their camera tracks inwards , inviting the comparisons of voyeurism . After all , what is the man who searches through memories both cherished and pale , but a voyeur ?
Eventually Isak is brought back from the past by another ghost , or rather the reincarnation of their childhood love in a modern form . This Sara , both played by Bibi Andersson , reinvigorates Isak by flattering them with attention and flirtation , soon they and their companions are joining them to Lund . The ancient car driven by Isak has a metallic , tomblike physicality to it that contrasts with the spacious freedom of the Swedish countryside . No more is this deliverance into nature felt than the lunch break at Isak 's family home , which takes place just after the bitter married couple have been ejected from the car . One of Europe 's largest inland lakes sprawls out as a backdrop and the conversation between the companions relaxes over cigars and port . Turning , eventually to a psalm written by Johan Olof Wallin :
Where is the friend I seek at break of day ?
When night falls I still have not found Him .
My burning heat shows me Their traces
I see Their traces whenever flowers bloom
Their love is mingled with every air .
Bergman struggled with their faith throughout their life and work , but at this moment , as momentum slows in the hazy afternoon , within the expanse and serenity of their country 's natural landscape they equate all beauty to the work of God .
Back on the road Isak falls into the belly of consciousness and finds themselves enduring a series of painful humiliations ; physically , professionally and finally sexually in an extended nightmare . Bergman codes the natural world with meaning : a flock of birds becomes a recurring audience for Isak 's humiliations . Once again we find ourselves in the patch of wild strawberries with Sara , this time alone . They present Isak with a mirror and forces them to examine the ageing features that look back at him . Allegedly , Bergman conceived the idea for this sequence whilst at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival with Smiles of a Summer Night . After sitting down for their portrait to be drawn by a Russian artist they noticed that 'there were two Bergmans : one , as it were , direct , and one in the mirror . The first had a childish , almost foolish expression on their face . The image in the mirror was of an old man , a ghost with a weary look . ' We then bear witness to the life that was beyond Isak . Sara , child in hand , takes refuge from the night , leaving Isak with the empty cradle and the mocking of chattering birds . The twilight casts a sinister shadow over what was previously serene and tranquil . Nighttime and darkness are another source of recurring anxiety for Bergman . Famously , the tortured artist , Johan Borg ( Max Von Sydow ) in Hour of the Wolf states : The old ones called it `` the hour of the wolf '' . It is the hour when the most people die , and the most are born . At this time , nightmares come to us . And when we awake , we are afraid .
Isak is then disgraced as a doctor as they repeatedly fail a series of simple tasks whilst their traveling companions look on in detached silence . This sequence demonstrates Bergman 's crippling lack of confidence in themselves as an artist , something else that would preoccupy much of their work . Here , Isak 's judgment and ability is undermined repeatedly , bringing them to question their relevance and self-worth . First , they are unable to work the microscope , thus being rendered obsolete by technology . Secondly they can not read or recall the first line of duty taken by doctors , as Bergman questions their role as an artist . Finally they declare a patient dead before they erupt into a violent and terrible laughter . This is most degrading , if Isak can not recognise the signs of life , how is Bergman to find meaning and truth in their art ? Finally , Isak is forced to confront a memory of their wife 's infidelity and subsequent bitter tirade against their character . At this point , as Isak is abandoned by the woman they shared their life , that terrible silence of loneliness returns to blanket the forest . Once again , Isak observes the scene from the position of the detached voyeur . The deep black that encompasses them as the scene unfolds evokes the framing of Edvard Munch 's Jealousy . The scene was originally meant to contain hundreds of snakes , however the night before the shoot they escaped from the terrarium that was holding them and then had to be recovered by the various handlers .
Awaking from this nightmare , Isak takes timid steps towards redemption by opening up to their daughter-in-law , Marianne . They explain the reason for temporarily separating from their husband was because of their reaction to their pregnancy . The flashback that ensues is one of the director 's most personal sequences , a violent collision of familial conflict and existential fatalism under the howling turmoil of a storm . Evald , in fear of becoming their father , rejects the idea of bringing a child into this world . The raging current that encapsulates the two serves only to emphasise Evald 's hostility against the world . The world , as if in response to Evald 's reluctance to take up their natural duty as a parent , turns to chaos and violence . This completes Isak 's awakening , they can now , tentatively with reservation take steps towards reconciling with their son .
As with all road movies , of which Wild Strawberries is surely one of the first , it is not the destination but the journey , in which the importance lies . The ceremony in which Isak is to receive their service award is brief , formal and shrouded in an uninviting darkness . It is not until the day 's events are at a close that Isak can find redemption , their invitation to break down formalities with their housekeeper are ironically , cheekily spurned , of course . However as they drift once again into sleep , a light generates from their head suggesting the redemption of their spirit . The film ends in memory , a phenomenon of old age , where childhood memories swell up through the soul and into the mind 's eye , clearer than the passing day . Where ‘ time and space do not exist . Upon an insignificant background of real life events , the imagination spins and weaves new patterns ; a blend of memories , experiences , pure inventions , absurdities and improvisations . ' Where the birds sing , and the innocent love of youth brings us to the serene , warming comfort of our parents… and only then can we welcome with open arms ‘ that roar which lies on the other side of silence . '
( Note : Supplemental Activities are no longer a part of the testing process . This article has only historical value . )
Supplemental Activities started as a simple idea ( Help to fail candidates address their deficiencies through concrete activities ) and almost immediately met with some harsh realities . However , before making changes , I wanted to gather some information and spend some time refining the current system to ensure that we were solving real problems and not just making new mistakes .
Now that I have had over a year and a half overseeing the process , I felt that we have settled into a good rhythm and have a solid plan for how we handle failing candidates . We were getting comfortable , which made this a good time to sit down and rethink our process with a critical eye . When we did , we immediately noticed two linked issues :
Weaker candidates , especially those with Major Deficiencies , were having a very hard time making it through Supplemental Activities . ( No one with 5 or more assigned activities has completed their Supplemental Activities )
Those candidates were eating up a lot of the bandwidth for Supervising Judges . ( Judges with 5+ activities accounted for over seventy percent of the active Supplemental Activities )
So the system was devoting a lot of resources to these candidates , and the candidates were n't really benefitting . Sounds like something to fix .
Change # 1 ( Instituted August 1st , 2014 )
If a candidate was assigned five or more Supplemental Activities they or they instead return to standard candidate status . The candidate may resubmit a completed checklist after six-month waiting period ( from the date of their panel ) . The new checklist must contain a Self Review and two Level 3 recommendations written at least three months after the panel .
The goal here is to give the candidate six months to incorporate the feedback received in their panel before taking another run at the standard process , rather than saddling the candidate with a long list of tasks to complete . Supplemental Activities have proved to be an ineffective tool to assist these candidates , so it 's time to move them away from a system that is not helping these judges .
I think now is a good time for a refresher on how Supplemental Activities are assigned – one activity for each Minor Deficiency , and two for each Major deficiency . In order to have five activities you have to have broad , ( Five Minor ) or deep ( two major , one minor ) issues that are not quickly addressed and which do not fit well into the type of evaluation that comes at the end of Supplemental Activities .
So no activities for the candidates who need the most improvement to reach Level 3 , huh ? That sounds a bit harsh , does n't it ? Wait , there 's more :
Change # 2 : ( Instituted October 1st , 2014 )
All candidates who fail a Level 3 panel will be assigned a Level 3+ mentor who is responsible for assisting the candidate in developing the skills identified as deficient by the panel . If the candidate is assigned Supplemental Activities , the mentor will not be a Supervising Judge for any of the candidate 's activities .
For candidates with Supplemental Activities , the mentor will serve as a central liaison for the candidate and the supervising judges , as well be responsible for scheduling Event Specific activities with Supervising Judges to be assigned later . For candidates who are not assigned activities , the mentor is expected to be actively involved with the candidate during the six month waiting period and to submit a review covering the areas of deficiency at the end of that time .
Creating a central person who can serve as the advocate and sounding board for the candidate is a major piece to making the first change work . Candidates need support through this process and it can be easy to feel left behind , whether you have activities or not . The mentor will serve as someone that the candidate can reach out to if they have any questions regarding any of their activities .
This mentor is not expected to fix the candidate 's deficiencies , but they or they will provide guidance in an official capacity . The mentor will provide additional feedback , assist in creating opportunities , and may even turn out to be one of the Level 3 recommendations for a new checklist submission .
The final area that was causing some issues was the end of activities . The Level 4s who were tasked with evaluating the candidates preparedness were having trouble gathering the necessary information to prepare for their conversation or Supplemental Activities panel . Supervising judges were doing a good job of working with the candidates and ( most ) did a good job of posting their interactions to the candidate 's Google doc , but without a PEI , there was no distilled report for the Level 4 ( or the candidate ) to look back on and used to prepare for the final activity . So we come to :
Change # 3 ( Instituted October 1st , 2014 )
Supervising Judges will be required to submit a review focused on the Supplemental Activity at the conclusion of the activity .
Pretty straight-forward , and probably should have been there all along , but it took us getting to the panels and discussions at the end of some activities to realize how important it was to have a clear , concise report on each activity .
Overall , I feel that Supplemental Activities have been very successful . We have helped nine judges achieve Level 3 and there are seven judges who we are still working with to achieve their goals . Level 3s from across the world have helped by supervising activities and the candidates themselves have made some great contributions to projects through their work . I am proud of the work that has been done , and I look forward to these changes leading to even better years ahead .
Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis ( D ) responded to Gov . Rick Perry on Thursday , chiding them for using “ small words ” that tarnished Lone Star state values .
Perry invoked Davis ' experience as a teenage mother at the National Right to Life conference in Dallas Thursday , telling attendees that it was “ unfortunate ” that they “ has n't learned from their own example that every life must be given a chance to realize its full potential and that every life matters . ”
“ They are small words that reflect a dark and negative point of view , ” Davis told the Associated Press Thursday . “ Our governor should reflect our Texas values . Sadly , Gov . Perry fails that test . ”
They also added that their comment was “ without dignity and tarnishes the high office they hold . ”
Watch video of Perry 's remarks below :
A former Broward College student who would become one of the most wanted men in the U.S. government 's war on terror was reportedly killed in Pakistan Saturday morning during an attack orchestrated by that country 's military .
Adnan el-Shukrijumah , 39 at the time of is death , was said to have been one of Al Qaeda 's senior leaders . And the New York Times reports that the Pakistani military organized an effort specifically for their capture , sending in helicopter gunships into a tiny South Waziristan village where Shukrijumah and other Al Qaeda operatives were located . The gunships set off a gun battle that took two other lives -- an Afghan aide and a Pakistani soldier .
Shukrijumah was a naturalized American citizen born in Saudi Arabia . They came to the U.S. with their family in 1995 , arriving in South Florida with their mother and siblings . Their father had been living in Brooklyn for the previous nine years , working as an imam before eventually buying a house for their wife and kids in Miramar .
Google is `` 99.9 % '' certain to close down its Chinese search engine , the FT reports after speaking with a source at the company .
Even after Google closes the search engine , it will take time to close down the business and the FT says Google wants to `` takes steps to protect local employees from retaliation by the authorities . ''
Google hopes to continue other operations in the country . Though , the FT reports Google officials fear backlash from the Chinese government might make it difficult .
Here 's the full story from the FT :
Google has drawn up detailed plans for the closure of its Chinese search engine and is now `` 99.9 per cent '' certain to go ahead as talks over censorship with the Chinese authorities have reached an apparent impasse , according to a person familiar with the company 's thinking .
In a hardening of positions on both sides , the Chinese government also on Friday threw down a direct public challenge to the US search company , with a warning that it was not prepared to compromise on internet censorship to stop Google leaving .
Continue →
Bloomberg Bitcoin Conference : “ Bitcoin Is Unstoppable ”
Rate this post
NEW YORK ( InsideBitcoins ) — Bloomberg , the noted financial information provider , is hosting a conference at its headquarters in New York today entitled , “ Bitcoin : Beyond the Currency. ” Covering the event is Inside Bitcoin 's Jacob Cohen Donnelly , who is filing updates from the event :
Included on the initial panel for the day , “ Bitcoin as Technology , ” was Will O'Brien , CEO of Bitgo , who offered a optimistic view on where bitcoin is going over the next few years , but specifically said that 2015 is going to be a very big year for the cryptocurrency .
“ Next year there will be massive consolidation of all these bitcoin companies , ” O'Brien predicted , referencing the industry startups – small and large – that have been the beneficiaries of investment capital . Not only the high-profile companies that have accounted for the more than $ 300 million in venture capital investments so far this year , but also the small , incubated companies that might have raised just $ 250,000- $ 500,000 . O'Brien predicted that these companies are likely to be absorbed by the larger players .
However , Peter Smith , president of Blockchain , offered a more conservative view on where the industry is right now . Their concern is based on the fact that there simply are n't enough people working on bitcoin technology yet .
“ There 's already a shortage of developers in technology , but then there 's even fewer developers who understand bitcoin , ” Smith explained . “ One thing the industry can do better is getting developers interested in bitcoin and getting them hacking on it . We need more horsepower . ”
“ I worry about regulation , but in twenty-five years , this will be the backbone of our financial systems . It is unstoppable . ”
Because of that , they argue that companies need to hire eight months prior to the time a person is actually needed . Companies do n't want to get caught in a scenario where they do not have enough staff to do the required work .
But as with any gathering of bitcoin insiders , the question always arises : where could the price be next year ?
“ The price will rise , there will be more people getting into bitcoin , I am very excited about 2015 , ” O'Brien said .
“ I believe it could be at $ 1,000 in the next twelve months , due to the growth in the number of transactions . I predict those transactions to continue on their trajectory and the price will rise with that , ” said panelist Nick Shalek , partner at Ribbit Capital .
“ I think people are comfortable in the $ 350- $ 450 range , and believe it will be there for some time , ” Smith offered .
Nearly half of the people in the room , though , believed the price of bitcoin would be at least $ 500- $ 1,000 over the next twelve months .
“ I worry about regulation , but in twenty-five years , this will be the backbone of our financial systems . It is unstoppable , ” O'Brien added .
Additional Bloomberg bitcoin conference coverage :
Photo Credit : Twitter via @ johnmcd3
FORT MYERS , Fla. - At least two people were killed and nearly 20 total were injured in a mass shooting during a party for teenagers at a Florida nightclub early Monday morning .
CBS Fort Myers affiliate WINK-TV reports the incident at Club Blu in Fort Myers happened around 12:30 a.m. in the parking lot during a `` Swimsuit Glow Party '' marketed at 12- to 17-year-olds .
Crime scene tape surrounds the Club Blu nightclub , the scene of a deadly shooting , Monday , July 25 , 2016 , in Fort Myers , Fla. AP Photo/Lynne Sladky
Police say three suspects have been detained so far , but that there 's no known motive for the shooting . Club owners posted a statement on Facebook blaming adults picking up kids for the incident .
Fort Myers police Capt . Jim Mulligan said the shooting was not an act of terror .
WINK reports 16 people were treated at local hospitals , and two remain in intensive care . Officials say a total of three people remain hospitalized due to the incident . Victims in the shooting range in age from 12 to 27 , officials said .
Police said they want to talk to some of the victims who were treated and released from the hospital and have n't yet spoken with investigators .
The two teens killed were 14-year-old Sean Archilles and 18-year-old Ste'Fan Strawder , police said .
Archilles lived about a mile from the nightclub , said their father , Jean Archilles . Archilles said their son loved to play football and basketball .
`` He liked to make people laugh . He 's a funny kid . He 's always joking , '' Jean Archilles said .
They said they do n't wish bad for the shooter .
`` When they lay down in their bed , how are they feeling about what they did ? A 14-year-old kid ! '' Archilles said . `` Is they thinking about their family , their friends ? Because everybody has family and friends . Do they feel good about himself ? ''
Witnesses describe the moments outside the club as a `` madhouse . '' People poured out of the nightclub , a witness said . One woman who lives two blocks from Club Blu said they heard about 30 gunshots from what they believe to have been multiple guns .
Later , a nearby home and vehicles were shot at , resulting in a minor injury , police say . It was one of two crime scenes related to the incident , according to officials .
Witnesses describe the scene at the club as a `` madhouse . ''
After the gunfire ended , the scene outside was overwhelming , a witness named Brian Martin told WINK . Martin said they rushed there because a friend of theirs was among the victims .
`` It was a madhouse people were running every where . All people were saying was their friends ' names to see if they 're okay -- a lot of phone calls to parents , '' Martin said . `` But it was one of the scariest sights to just see people come pouring out like that . ''
One woman who lives two blocks from Club Blu said they heard about 30 gunshots from what they believe to have been multiple guns .
When they arrived , people were crying and screaming as others were being carried away in ambulances to Lee Memorial .
`` It was unbelievable , '' they wrote via Facebook .
The club is in a strip mall that includes a daycare center and is across the street from a large apartment complex . Officers had the area taped off as crime scene technicians scoured the strip mall parking lot for clues .
State records online show the alcohol license for Club Blu was revoked June 7 because of an incident that occurred a year ago , but there were no additional details available , according to records from the Department of Business and Professional Regulation . The same records show that a complaint was filed in 2014 for `` criminal activity '' and that the club was given an official notice .
The shooting in Fort Myers comes a little over a month after the Orlando nightclub massacre , in which 49 people at a gay club were killed by a heavily-armed gunman in an hours-long standoff . It is to date the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history .
This year , Anonymous 's calls to action have incuded # OpWBC , in which the group intimidated the Westboro Baptist Church into abandoning rumored plans to protest the funerals of Sandy Hook shooting victims ; # OpAntiBully , which outed a group of teen boys threatening to gang-rape a 12-year-old ; and # OpRIP , which took aim at the blackmailer and troll who drove Amanda Todd to suicide .
The new operation : Bringing home Aishah Sabra , a 5-year-old British girl of divorced parents . They are missing in Egypt , having apparently been kidnapped by their father for a second time .
The first time they disappeared on a visit to their father , who lives in Egypt , they were held from May 2009 to January 2010 before being returned to their mother Leila ( née Sheila ) . The pair were then prevented from leaving the country , even though Leila had full custody , because of a travel ban placed on Aishah . Leila has said they were unable to get a work permit , and thus was forced to rely on the charity of supporters back home .
In September 2011 , the little girl was on a brief visit to their father ; they have never returned . According to their mother , the father denies knowing the girl 's whereabouts . Clearly , whether or not the child is with him , Egypt is not currently the safest place on the planet for a young girl forcibly separated from their legally custodial parent .
In response to their mother 's pleas , Anonymous set up OpFreeAishah over the winter of 2011–2012 , and in concert with other pro-child initiatives , has been tweeting and Facebooking to spread awareness ever since . On the final Sunday of 2012 , they took it to the next level .
Tweetstorm .
A Tweetstorm is a strategy to flood Twitter with information about a specific issue over a short period of time : sometimes an hour , sometimes a day , all using one hashtag . This particular # OpFreeAishah Tweetstorm is scheduled to last 24 hours , although it 's clear the majority of energy came early , entirely dominating the streams of anyone who follows any significant number of Anonymous accounts . We 'll see what happens as North America wakes up .
Graph via SeraphimWraith/Twitter
This graph shows the moment of Tweetstorm launch .
So far , tweets have included two pastebins , one giving the main outline of the operation along with tips on how to maximize effectiveness while escaping Twitter Jail and suspension , increasingly a problem for Anons on Twitter ; and one that translates “ Please help save a child ” into over 50 languages for easy tweeting .
They 've linked to a Facebook event , Smarties for Aishah , which encourages people to eat a tube of Smarties , which are what the British and Canadians have instead of M & Ms , and then fill the tube with money for Aishah in time for their 6th birthday , on March 6 , 2013 . Tweets have encouraged people to sign the Change.org petition addressed to the U.K. Foreign Office to return Aishah not only to their mother , but to the land of their birth . Currently it has just over 2,600 signatures , and the goal is 10,000 . Some have simply propagated the hashtag , piquing curiosity and perhaps investigation and engagement . Some celebrated the fact that the tag was briefly trending .
And one special retweet came from film and television star Patricia Arquette , adding celebrity muscle to a homegrown movement .
And some tweets included this powerful YouTube video , where Leila 's words were read by a supporter . It provides much more detail about the original kidnapping than most other information sources . “ You broke my heart by bringing shame on my family [ by initiating the divorce ] , so I will break your heart . I took Aishah because they are your heart , ” said their father , according to the video .
Leila also maintains two Tumblrs : Freedom for Kids explains the facts of Aishah 's case and presents them for easy reblogging ; the other , Aishah Sabrah , I Am Your Mother , consists of inspirational sayings and notes from Leila to their missing daughter , reminders that when they were returned from the first kidnapping , it took them some time to recognize their mother .
Aishah has been illegally kept from their mother for more than half of their life .
CORRECTION : A previous version of this story described Aishah as Egyptian . They are actually a British citizen . The Daily Dot regrets the error .
Photo via Aishah Sabrah I Am Your Mother/Tumblr
A quick google for “ DOTA dead game ” yields TONS of results .
It 's an observation people have been making about DOTA for 15 years . However , its unique development over those 15 years is why it will continue to survive , and due to a coming fundamental shift in the esports profit model , will actually thrive .
The sports industry is beginning to take a real interest in esports – marking a fundamental change in its future trajectory . This has n't always been clear to me , but since its birth , esports has exclusively been an extension of the gaming industry . In retrospect this is obvious and intuitive , but the name , “ esports ” , has always made me think of the phenomenon in terms of the sports industry – one based on ticket sales , viewership , and sponsorship .
A recent conversation I had with a friend in the esports industry shed some light on my thinking and really evolved my perspective . I had always believed that there was a demand for esports tournaments , and those putting them on were hoping to make money . However , I learned that the majority of esports tournaments are simply not profitable – and in fact were never meant to be . For the most part , esports are only put on to grow the respective game . They are viewed by the gaming industry more than marketing for the game , less than entertainment for the viewer .
The gaming industry 's profits come from players . The more , the better . Players not only purchase the game , but can be relied upon to buy additional content in the game ( micro-transactions ) . Some games are even free to play . Game developers are so confident that the incremental micro-transactions more than make up for the free admission . Thus , game developers created esports tournaments to attract additional players , and the money to put fund them really comes out of their marketing and advertising budget .
This creates a funny situation where 3rd party tournaments , put on by true fans of the game ( or naive profit seekers ) , serve as free marketing for the game developers . They do n't even have to take the financial hit of putting on the tournament themselves . The fact that the Overwatch League is getting $ 20M buy-ins from sport industry organizations is just icing on the cake for Blizzard . They get paid upfront AND get tons of free marketing from the franchised teams , yielding new players and new profit . Team owners of the experimental Overwatch League may find profit if the league is a success , but there is no doubt that Blizzard is the real winner .
Still , the rapid growth in the popularity of esports signals a major shift . If it continues , esports will become more than just an extension of the gaming industry , but a sports and entertainment platform – where success and profit is based on viewership , not playership . All of a sudden , games that were built to attract players may not have the same advantage they once did over games that organically developed to be competitive , difficult , and entertaining .
Newzoo predicts 303M “ occasional viewers ” by 2020 – that 's a lot . This surge in popularity is important because the sports industry now sees esports as a viable entertainment platform with enough viewers to generate profit on that viewership .
Unlike the gaming industry , the sports industry 's value prop lies in entertainment . People like to watch competition and will pay to see it . It leverages human 's inherent tribalism and respect for greatness . Even for those that do n't know the intricacies of a sport , there is still a joy in seeing YOUR team win and YOUR idol succeed . In the end , the NFL does n't necessarily care if more people play football – they care more that more people watch football . Their profits are largely earned from broadcast rights , sponsorships , and ticket sales which scale based on viewership .
The viewer based profit model and player based profit model are not necessarily mutually exclusive , but do n't exactly complement each other . The gaming industry views esports as way to earn players , and the sports industry views esports as a way to earn viewers . However , the medium of esports ( the games themselves ) are built by the gaming industry , and they have their player based profit model in mind during development . But as the viewer based profit model gains viability the approach of game development may have to change .
In addition to rising viewership numbers , this year signaled a major milestone in the viability of the viewership based model inherent to the sports industry . Until now , esports tournaments have largely been sponsored by endemic brands . That is , products you use while gaming : computer hardware , computer accessories , and to an extent , energy drinks . These brands knew that they could reach a demo of gamers that would be influenced by the sponsorship and eventually buy their product . The number of these brands is also fairly limited . Tournament organizers would LOVE to expand the pool of potential sponsors and ultimately drive much more revenue .
In 2017 , a non-endemic brand entered esports in a big way . Mercedes-Benz sponsored DOTA2 's ESL One . They managed to integrate into the tournament with creative activations and push their product to an esports audience . The success of this sponsorship is a major victory for the viewer based profit model . Mercedes-Benz has set a precedent for non-endemic brands to enter the space , creating a major revenue opportunity for tournament organizers .
So , it took me a long time to get here – but here 's the point . Based on this shift towards the viewership model , are there games out there that become more viable as esports than others ? Will game developers shift their philosophies when building new games ?
For example , one of the tenants of gaining the players that are crucial to the player based profit model is a low barrier to entry . Games need to be accessible if they hope to grow . League of Legends has become the most played game in the world by taking DOTA 's model and making it easy to learn . Riot has spent resources on successfully onboarding new players and in general removed many of the complicated and punishing mechanics of DOTA2 .
On the other hand , DOTA2 's developer , Valve , is often criticized for not spending enough time on making the game accessible . DOTA2 has a very high “ skill cap ” – that , plus an often toxic community and culture that discourages new players has certainly been a detriment to the game 's growth .
Still , DOTA may have unwittingly set itself up for long term success as esports goes mainstream , and the player based profit model of game developers shifts towards the viewer based profit model of sports and entertainment .
In sports , accessibility to actually playing does n't have the same weight on profit . America 's most popular sport , football , has a high barrier to entry . To play the official version of football , you need a minimum of 22 players with a full set of pads . It 's percentage of viewers that actually play ( even just pickup touch football ) is likely very low .
DOTA was organically built without a profit model in mind , like most traditional sports . It was developed on another game 's platform ( Warcraft III ) that did n't allow for a profit model to exist . It was n't until after nearly a decade of development that a player based profit model was actually introduced ( Valve , DOTA2 ) . Because of this unique development , DOTA2 may be the best positioned game to take advantage of shifting weight towards the viewer based profit model .
It is not an easy game to get into , but that does n't matter because people watch it . In the past few years , the peak for concurrent players of DOTA2 was about 1.2M . The peak concurrent viewers of TI7 was around 5M though ! Similar to football , people do n't have to play it to enjoy watching it . And while this is a weakness in terms of the player based profit model , it is a strength for the viewer based profit model that we seem to be moving towards . And while Valve may not see the profits , 3rd party organizers like those that put on ESL One and a personal favorite of mine , Midas Mode , will .
Through its years of directionless development , by growing the DOTA scene , building a competitive platform and tournament that appeals to a larger crowd , DOTA2 event organizers will see earnings from ticket sales , broadcast deals ( Twitch , ESPN ) , and ultimately sponsorships ( Mercedes-Benz , NASA ) that outweigh those of micro transactions .
Assuming that esports continues to grow , and its profit model shifts weight towards the sports industry 's viewership based one , DOTA does n't necessarily have to be an accessible game to be successful . In fact it 's origin as a competitive game first , with little to no attention paid to actual profit , less of an emphasis on attracting new players , and more of an emphasis on “ skill-cap ” may make for longer term success as the viewer based profit model of the sports industry takes hold .
Advertisements
One of the prints I plan on selling at Bronycon ! Work for Bronycon is definitely in full swing for me ; I already have most of what I want to see sketched and ready for color , I just got ta find the time to color them in between working on the Headcanon book . o3o But anyway , this was a lot of fun to do ! I 'm experimenting with a secondary style I 'd like to have for merchandice for cons , so I worked on basically simplifying the pony a little more without losing the semi-realistic aspect of the design , as well as keeping my headcanon intact . As you can see here , I experimented on good ol ' Derpy . I got ta say , I really like how this came out ! c :
They were colored using a watered-down acrylic and it took me about 3 hours to complete , if only because I worked longer on Derpy than what I probably should have . Aw well . It was enjoyable anyhow . :3
So I 'm not gon na lie ; this image is going to be used for something else I have planned for Bronycon , but I do n't want to say anything until I 'm sure the idea will actually work since I 'm going to have to improvise it . If it DOES end up working , you 'll be the first to know . ; D
But aside from that , as always feel free to ask me any questions if you have any . ^.^
1 . Actions related to Bear Stearns and its acquisition by JP Morgan Chase , including :
a . Loan To Facilitate the Acquisition of The Bear Stearns Companies , Inc. by JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( Maiden Lane I )
b. Bridge Loan to The Bear Stearns Companies Inc . Through JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A .
2 . Bank of America -- Authorization to Provide Residual Financing to Bank of America Corporation Relating to a Designated Asset Pool ( taken in conjunction with FDIC and Treasury )
3 . Citigroup -- Authorization to Provide Residual Financing to Citigroup , Inc. , for a Designated Asset Pool ( taken in conjunction with FDIC and Treasury )
4 . Various actions to stabilize American International Group ( AIG ) , including a revolving line of credit provided by the Federal Reserve as well as several credit facilities ( listed below ) . AIG has also received equity from Treasury , through the TARP , which would also be captured in amendment # 1020 .
a . Secured Credit Facility Authorized for American International Group , Inc. , on September 16 , 2008
b . Restructuring of the Government 's Financial Support to American International Group , Inc. , on November 10 , 2008 ( Maiden Lane II and Maiden Lane III )
c. Restructuring of the Government 's Financial Support to American International Group , Inc. , on March 2 , 2009
5 . TALF -- finally , amendment # 1020 would expand GAO 's authority to oversee the TARP , including the joint Federal Reserve-Treasury Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF )
* Neither * Amendment # 1021 nor # 1020 would include short-term liquidity facilities :
1 . Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility
2 . ( AMLF )
3 . Commercial Paper Funding Facility ( CPFF )
4 . Money Market Investor Funding Facility ( MMIFF )
5 . Primary Dealer Credit Facility and Other Credit for Broker-Dealers ( PDCF )
6 . Term Securities Lending Facility ( TSLF )
Cisco this week announced its leadership team under new CEO Chuck Robbins and three more high-level executives transitioning out of the company .
Robbins ' leadership team includes 10 executives , nine from inside Cisco and one from outside the company . Several current officials are being elevated to or assigned new responsibilities .
+ MORE ON NETWORK WORLD : Cisco 's Chambers : A Retrospective +
Leaving the company are Wim Elfrink , executive vice president for Industry Solutions and chief globalization officer ; Edzard Overbeek , senior vice president of Services ; and as expected , Padmasree Warrior , CTO and chief strategy officer .
Elfrink will retire July 25 when Cisco 's 2015 fiscal year ends and the day before Robbins assumes leadership of the company . Warrior and Overbeek will serve as strategic advisers until September and for a year , respectively .
They join Cisco Presidents Rob Lloyd and Gary Moore whose positions were eliminated this week . Robbins is dismantling most of the leadership team assembled by predecessor and current CEO John Chambers , who is stepping down as CEO July 26 after 20 years to become executive chairperson .
Robbins was n't expected to detail their leadership team until mid-June but a Cisco spokesperson said they accelerated the announcement . The team is :
Ruba Borno , Vice President of Growth Initiatives and Chief of Staff -- A new position , Borno was recruited from business strategy adviser Boston Consulting Group where they had been principal and leader in Technology , Media & Telecommunications , and People & Organization . They had been at BCG for eight years . They hold Ph.D. and M.Sc . degrees from the University of Michigan , where they were also an Intel Ph.D . Fellow .
Mark Chandler , Senior Vice President and General Counsel -- Chandler will retain their current position .
Joe Cozzolino , Senior Vice President , Services -- Cozzolio is replacing Overbeek in this role . They spent the past two years in Cisco 's service provider mobility and video infrastructure businesses . They joined Cisco from Motorola in 2013 and is a 25-year industry veteran .
Chris Dedicoat , Senior Vice President , Worldwide Sales -- This appointment was announced earlier this week by Cisco . Dedicoat joined Cisco in 1995 and has served as senior vice president of EMEA for the past four years .
Rebecca Jacoby , Senior Vice President , Operations -- This appointment was expected . Jacoby had been Cisco 's CIO but will now be responsible for Cisco 's global supply chain , global business services , security and “ trust , ” and IT . Them replacement as CIO is Guillermo Diaz , formerly Cisco senior vice president of IT .
Francine Katsoudas , Chief People Officer -- Katsoudas is Cisco 's HR head .
Kelly Kramer , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer -- Kramer was named Cisco CFO in early 2015 . They joined Cisco three years ago after spending 20 years at GE .
Hilton Romanski , Chief Technology and Strategy Officer -- Romanski 's previous role was head of Cisco 's mergers and acquisitions strategy and $ 2 billion private investment portfolio . They have been responsible for over $ 20 billion in acquisitions in 40 deals , including Meraki , Sourcefire and Airespace .
Karen Walker , Chief Marketing Officer -- Walker takes over for Blair Christie , Cisco 's highly visible CMO , who is taking a leave of absence but will return as a strategic adviser . Walker has responsibility for overall marketing , including overseeing Cisco 's go-to-market organization . They joined Cisco from HP in 2009 .
The Cisco spokesperson said Robbins is also keen on adding external talent to fuel key growth areas , such as security , mobility , data center , Internet of Everything and cloud .
The spokesperson said Cisco 's star spin-in engineers – Mario Mazzola , Prem Jain , Luca Cafiero and Soni Jiandani , some or all believed to be leaving later this year -- continue to focus on ramping the company 's new Application Centric Infrastructure product line . The spokesperson noted that incentives tied to their most recent spin-in , Insieme , would continue through Cisco 's fiscal year 2017 but they would not comment on the future for these officials at Cisco .
The unthinkable has already happened : A presidential nominee has been caught bragging about sexual assault , their party committee has pulled its funding , major party leaders have un-endorsed him , and the nominee 's running mate has scaled back their public appearances .
So now , equally unprecedented scenarios are being considered : compelling Donald Trump to withdraw , kicking them off the ticket , and Mike Pence withdrawing , among others . A few months ago , I outlined the legal steps for how the Republican National Committee could “ dump Trump. ” But could it still do so with less than 30 days until the election ?
Mostly , yes . Here 's why .
1 . Trump withdraws . What then ?
The simplest post-Trump scenario is if they are persuaded to withdraw . This seems increasingly unlikely : Trump themselves has said there is “ zero chance ” of their quitting , and over 75 percent of Republican voters want them to stay . But suppose that changes . What would happen ?
According to the RNC rules , the committee itself picks a replacement . That person does not have to be Mike Pence ; it could be absolutely anyone . Indeed , although Pence seems like the obvious choice ( if he 'd do it ) , it might be easier to bring in another figure—perhaps an “ elder statesman ” as some Republicans have been proposing .
Because the state ballot deadlines have now all passed ( and some overseas votes have already been cast ) , Trump 's name would stay on all the ballots . But do n't forget the electoral college . You do n't really vote for president—you vote for delegates to the electoral college , who in turn vote for president .
The rules for electors vary state by state and believe it or not , in 25 states , electors are technically free to vote however they please . These states are Arizona , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Minnesota , Missouri , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , and West Virginia . Virginia has a statute , but it 's only advisory ( electors are “ expected ” to vote for nominees ) , so it should count as state 26 .
Of course , electors are chosen from among party loyalists , so in normal years , none of this matters . But this is not a normal year .
In the remaining 24 states , plus the District of Columbia , the statutes vary .
In five states , electors must sign a pledge that commits them to a specific individual : Alabama , Massachusetts , Mississippi , South Carolina—and since Michigan requires electors to vote for the candidates “ appearing on the Michigan ballot , ” it should be on this list too .
In 15 states plus D.C. , however , electors sign a pledge that commits them to the party , not the individual : Alaska , California , Connecticut , Florida , Hawaii , Maine , Montana , Nebraska , New Mexico , North Carolina , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Washington , and Wisconsin .
Note that in most of these states , electors simply pledge to vote for the “ candidates of the party ” that chose them . So in these states , even if the electors were hardcore Trump supporters , they would be required by law to vote for the Republican Party 's candidate .
Colorado , Maryland , Vermont , and Wyoming require electors to vote for the “ candidates… receiving the highest number of votes. ” Is someone still a candidate , legally speaking , if they have withdrawn but their name appears on the ballot ? Probably not , so I 'll put these four states on the “ party ” list .
In sum , 26 states leave it up to the electors , 19 ( plus D.C. ) specify the party , and only five states specify the individual candidate . And even in those five states , surely no court would enforce a pledge signed for a candidate who is no longer a candidate . It may be the letter of the law , but hardly the spirit .
( Politico recently ran a story saying 31 states have restrictive laws , but the article relied on a page that says “ Last Updated December 2009. ” My research above is based on the official U.S. National Archives page , updated March 1 , 2016 . )
Of course , while it may be legal for a non-Trump candidate to receive the “ Trump ” votes , politically this would still be a disaster for Republicans , with tens of millions of Trump voters outraged at the “ rigged ” system even if Trump withdraws voluntarily .
But it would be legal .
2 . Trump stays , but the party tries to dump them
Since The Daily Beast first explored the issue in August , pundits have been split on whether the GOP could dump Trump without their consent . Most recently , experts in The New York Times called doing so a “ triple bank shot . ”
A better analogy is a foul shot ; while not certain , I 'd put the odds around 50/50 .
As we reported in August , the key bit of language ( PDF ) is that the RNC can fill “ any and all vacancies which may occur by reason of death , declination , or otherwise of the Republican candidate for President of the United States or the Republican candidate for Vice President of the United States . ”
I agree that the plainest meaning of “ otherwise ” is some other form of physical incapacitation . But is it so outrageous to include mental “ unfitness ” or some other inexact condition within the ambit of that term ? I do n't think so . The RNC would be interpreting its own rules here , and Trump 's ( inevitable ) lawsuit would have to claim that they 're wrong .
This would n't be a case of the RNC just changing its mind ; it would be based on Trump 's long history of instability and inability to control himself , from the 2005 tape ( and numerous previous examples ) to Humayun Khan and Alicia Machado . It would be based on every mainstream Republican in leadership calling Trump unfit for the presidency .
Yes , it would be unprecedented . Yes , it would lead to open revolt among Trump 's supporters . But if the overall survival of the Republican Party is really at stake , is it really that far-fetched ?
If courts were to uphold a non-consensual Trump Dump , then the same process would unfold as in the first scenario : new nomination , Trump 's name on the ballot , electors voting for the replacement candidate . If said candidate wins any states , of course .
3 . Pence withdraws
Finally , what about Mike Pence , the “ Evangelical Catholic ” whose faith is apparently sincere , conservative , and antithetical to everything a sexual-assaulting , profanity-spewing Lothario stands for ?
The Pence camp has sent mixed signals on the Indiana governor 's interest in staying in the race . From a religious perspective , it would n't be that difficult ; the sexual assault conversation happened in 2005 , and evangelicals love the sin-contrition-forgiveness narrative . Indeed , when liberals often complain of conservative hypocrisy , they misunderstand conservative religious beliefs , which often acknowledge that all of us are sinners—which is precisely why we need God/The Bible/the law to save us from ourselves . The more sin , the more need for salvation .
But suppose Pence has had enough . If they were to quit , the process is straightforward—but has a crucial twist . Unlike Pence , who was selected by the Trump campaign , the new vice presidential candidate would be selected by the RNC .
In other words , the Republican leadership could put up a VP candidate who runs against Trump , rather than with him . And why not ? They 're already conceding the presidential election at this point—the best they can do is staunch the bleeding and try to preserve the Republican “ brand. ” A Trump-McCain ticket ( for example ) is ludicrous on the face of it , but it would give the Republican mainstream a strong platform to say “ We 're Not With Him . ”
This actually does have precedent . Remember what happened in Hamilton ? Until the 12th Amendment was ratified in 1804 , the office of vice president was given to the runner-up in the presidential election—i.e. , the person who had just run against the president .
Of course , the reason the 12th Amendment was ratified in 1804 was exactly what happened in Hamilton , with the 1800 election resulting in Democratic-Republican Thomas Jefferson serving with—but really against—the Federalist John Adams . ( That election did n't work out well for Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr either . ) But it would be no coincidence that a provision put into place with the advent of the modern party system is now tweaked as that party system seems to be falling apart .
In any case , if Pence drops out , the RNC picks their replacement—with or without Trump 's approval—and that replacement will get most electors ' votes , even though Pence 's name would remain on the ballot .
The most likely of all these scenarios ? None of them . Most likely , we will muddle through with Trump versus Clinton , the Republican Party will focus on other races , and no one will much care about electoral college rules .
Then again , this year , unlikely is the new likely .
The lie that the Russian government intervened in the U.S. elections to favor Donald Trump , is at the heart of the attempt to mount a coup against them now—like the 2014 `` color revolution '' in Ukraine—to overthrow the President and the Constitutional government of the U.S. Lyndon LaRouche has said that if this coup against Donald Trump were to succeed , the result would be nuclear war in the very short term .
This coup-attempt has n't yet succeeded in overthrowing the government , but it has created chaos ; hamstrung the political process ; decorticated the Democratic Party ; and helped block the President from fulfilling campaign promises essential to economic recovery—especially restoration of the Glass-Steagall act , and rebuilding America 's infrastructure .
Today 's LaRouchePAC.com Friday Webcast will lay bare the lie of `` Russia-gate . '' Everyone must watch it . Here are a few words to prepare you for what you will see .
Let 's go back about one year , to the origins of this charge of Russian interference . Now most Americans may not know this—or more likely , may no longer remember it , because they 've been so thoroughly brainwashed—but at the bottom of the accusation of Russian interference , is the charge that the Russian government—using an on-line persona called `` Guccifer 2.0 '' —hacked into Democratic National Committee e-mail files over the Internet , and gave them to Julian Assange 's organization `` Wikileaks . '' ( Parenthetically : recall that Wikileaks began publishing DNC emails online on July 27 , 2016 . It 's worth noting that the accuracy of these files has never been disputed , and that their proof of DNC intervention into the primary process on behalf of Hillary Clinton , and against Bernie Sanders , was so strong that DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign . )
But what 's been deliberately obfuscated in mass-media coverage , and in the mislabeled so-called `` Intelligence Community Assessment '' of Russian interference in the election—is that there were TWO separate cases in which private DNC files were made public , not one . One was through Julian Assange 's Wikileaks organization , which insists that the files it obtained were `` leaked '' by an insider with legitimate access to them , not `` hacked '' over the internet . The second , and different case , is that associated with the `` Guccifer 2.0 '' persona , who insists that they `` hacked , '' i.e . pilfered the files over the internet—but insists falsely , as it now turns out !
The Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) has appealed repeatedly for any evidence linking `` Guccifer '' and Assange 's Wikileaks , but none has ever been provided !
The beginning of the chronology ( as reported by http : //g-2.space/ ) is that on June 12 , 2016 , Julian Assange said in a mass-circulation interview on Britain 's ITV that `` we have emails related to Hillary Clinton which are awaiting publication . '' Then , on June 14 , the DNC released a statement that they 'd discovered their servers were hacked . On June 15 , someone calling themselves `` Guccifer 2.0 '' claimed responsibility for the hack , and claimed to be a source for Wikileaks . The first five documents they posted were tainted with Russian fingerprints .
Now , the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) July 24 Memorandum for the President , `` Was the ` Russia Hack ' an Inside Job ? '' cites forensic evidence to show that :
`` From the information available , we conclude that the same inside-DNC , copy/leak process was used at two different times , by two different entities , for two distinctly different purposes :
`` ( 1 ) an inside leak to WikiLeaks before Julian Assange announced on June 12 , 2016 , that they had DNC documents and planned to publish them ( which they did on July 22 ) —the presumed objective being to expose strong DNC bias toward the Clinton candidacy ; and
`` ( 2 ) a separate leak on July 5 , 2016 , to pre-emptively taint anything WikiLeaks might later publish by showing it came from a Russian hack . '' The latter leak was associated with the `` Guccifer 2.0 '' persona .
The data which had been leaked on July 5 , was posted on September 13 , allegedly by `` Guccifer 2.0 . '' Elements had been added to implicate Russia , including the first and middle names of the founder of the Soviet secret police—written in the Cyrillic alphabet—and the name `` Ernesto Che , '' for Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara ( 1928-67 ) , an Argentine-Cuban Marxist revolutionary .
Note for clarity that the `` forensic analysis '' referred to by the VIPS , was an analysis of data retrieved from the files posted to the Internet on Sept. 13—not an analysis conducted on the DNC 's computers . The DNC has not given anyone but their own contractors access to their computers . Fired FBI Director Comey says the DNC denied access to the FBI , so that Comey was in the unusual position of supposedly solving the crime of the century—that is , Russian interference in the election—without being allowed access to the scene of the crime . They were probably afraid that some of their agents might learn too much .
Watch the Friday webcast at LaRouchePAC.com . We are in the process of overturning this massive fraud . Congress must investigate it . Nothing will ever be the same again .
MLG is pleased to announce the full v3 settings that will be used for Halo : Reach at MLG Dallas , as well as the list and full explanation of the map pool that will be used for StarCraft 2 in Dallas .
The StarCraft 2 map pool was selected in order to assure the best possible gameplay and balance among the races . MLG Dallas will use several maps from the current Blizzard ladder ( modified by MLG ) as well as a GSL map and a new map . The new map , like all the others in the pool , is now available on battle.net .
Full MLG Dallas StarCraft 2 map list and explanation of modifications
The official MLG Halo : Reach v3 settings incorporate the unique properties of Reach , ensuring the level of competition and excitement that you 've come to expect from MLG Halo . Round-by-round Game Types will be announced shortly .
Full official MLG Halo : Reach v3 Settings
Passes for MLG Dallas Events go on sale tomorrow , March 1 , at 7pm ET . Seasoned pros and amateurs alike will be out in force to prove themselves at the inaugural Pro Circuit Competition of 2011 . Join us in Dallas and be a part of the future of competitive gaming !
Discuss this article in the forums
Daniel Donovan , the Staten Island district attorney who handled the Eric Garner chokehold case , said on Sunday they hope Democrats wo n't make the case an issue as they run for a vacated congressional seat .
“ I would hope that they would respect the fact that there was a man who died , a mother who lost their son and there 's a wife who lost their husband and some children who lost their dad , ” Donovan said on a radio talkshow hosted by the former mayoral candidate John Catsimatidis .
The Staten Island Republican party endorsed Donovan on Saturday as its nominee for the seat of disgraced ex-Representative Michael Grimm . Grimm resigned last month after pleading guilty to tax evasion .
Donovan said their next step is to garner support in parts of Brooklyn that belong to the 11th Congressional district that includes Staten Island .
After Garner 's death in July , Donovan presented evidence to a grand jury that chose not to indict Daniel Pantaleo , the police officer who placed Garner in a chokehold after accusing them of illegally selling loose cigarettes . Garner was black ; Pantaleo is white . The decision drew thousands of protesters to the streets of New York .
The jurors in the case “ sat for nine weeks and they 're the only people who heard all the evidence ” , Donovan said . “ I think we should respect their decision . ”
The special election has yet to be scheduled , and it could take months to finalise the process . Donovan told Catsimatidis their priorities include repairing damage from Hurricane Sandy on Staten Island , where some residents still are unable to rebuild their homes .
“ I always say that government should do for people what they ca n't do for themselves , ” Donovan said .
In addition , they said , they would concentrate on reforming immigration laws and strengthening anti-terrorism measures – especially in the wake of the attacks last week in Paris .
Democrats have yet to announce a candidate .
Some call Edward Snowden a traitor , while others call them a hero . One thing that is certain is that they can not be both to the citizens of the United States . Interested by this stark difference of perception , I decided to investigate exactly what it was that they allegedly did that caused this drama that has captivated so many .
A second but closely related theme that should be well beyond debate is that any federal law that violates the United States Constitution is not a valid law . There is a rich history for the principle that an unconstitutional law is void , and no legislative act that is contrary to the constitution can be considered valid . Again , the Edward Snowden affair must be properly viewed in this context .
One overriding theme that was reinforced during my investigation is that our elected officials have a rabid contempt for any constitutional limitations placed upon them . While this is not exactly a news flash , the case of Edward Snowden must be viewed against this backdrop of contempt , which is not specific to any one political office or party and knows no restraint .
In the process , I found that there is a lot of misinformation and outright disinformation that exists about their actions . Most troubling is that much of it seems to be coming directly from officials within the U.S. government and members of the corporate media . In this investigative process , I also learned why every American , and every “ free ” person reading this regardless of what country in which you live , should be very concerned about the case of Edward Snowden .
Edward Snowden in brief
Although there are many side issues and offshoots of the case “ against ” Edward Snowden , the core issue of the matter is fairly straightforward . At the heart of all the drama and legal machinations being discussed is one very simple issue : their security clearance and the executive order under which it was created and Edward Snowden was working .
Proper understanding of the issue required me to contact a very highly placed , known and trusted source familiar with how the various processes of security clearances work . While this statement might seem oversimplified to those in the intelligence business , it makes little difference to us as American citizens or freedom loving people of our own countries . It does not change the facts of the Snowden affair .
At the time Edward Snowden received their security clearance , they signed away certain constitutional rights in exchange for their loyalty to the government , and to operate at the mercy and direction of the office of the President or theirs designate . Nonetheless , they are still an American citizen .
Based on the information obtained during the course of my investigation , it appears that Mr. Snowden , while working in the capacity described , learned that they were involved in activities that they reasonably believed to be in direct opposition to the laws of the United States Constitution . They found that contrary to what was being said by the government to the American people and the world , they were not only aware of , but involved in spying activities that were inconsistent with the protections , rights and freedoms afforded to us by the U.S. Constitution .
At some point , as an American , they had to make a decision . It would be an unenviable position that would forever change their lives . Do they violate the executive order under which they were operating to expose a system of spying on the American people , a system that was so vast and out of control that they felt so compelled to let us know what is actually taking place and face the consequences , or do they keep their mouth shut and continue to operate under an order they believed to be unconstitutional ?
Included within that decision was something else . Would their revelations harm , in any way , the security of the United States and their fellow citizens ? Again , based on my investigation of the information released , nothing was revealed by Snowden that any potential enemy of the U.S. did not already know . Additionally , they did not appear to release any “ fruit ” of the data mining and spying operations , but merely disclosed the scope and extent of its existence .
What , then , is Edward Snowden allegedly guilty of ? They can only be guilty of one of two things , but they can not be guilty of both . Either they criminally disclosed our national secrets to our external enemies , consequently putting all Americans at risk in violation of their oath , or they decided that as a citizen , they had an obligation of overriding importance to their fellow citizens that trumped the oaths they signed and was working under , to expose government programs that are operating outside of the laws of the U.S. Constitution . It 's really that simple .
A solution exists
Amid all of the drama that exists pertaining to where Edward Snowden will likely end up , there is a simple , viable solution that would benefit all involved that no one seems to be talking about - perhaps for good reason . As it stands today , should Snowden return to the United States , they would not be permitted the same rights as any other citizen under the U.S. Constitution to have an open and fair trial or answer the charges against them based on the “ contract ” they signed for their clearance . In reality , they could , and likely would , be tossed in prison indefinitely , denied access to legal counsel , and denied all of the normal and customary rights granted to American citizens accused of a crime . They would have fewer rights than murderers and most terrorists , and the proceedings against them could , and likely would , take place well outside of the purview of American citizens .
All of this could be avoided while still forcing them to answer the charges against him . With the stroke of a pen , the President could simply sign an order that would allow Mr. Snowden to return to the United States and be subjected to be tried in the American criminal justice system , in open court , in a manner consistent with the Constitution of the United States that would afford them the normal judicial and constitutional protections as an American citizen .
Knowing this , perhaps the appropriate question that no one is asking , is what is this administration afraid of by allowing this case to proceed in this manner ? Are the risks of multiple international incidents more palatable or easily manageable than a system of transparent judicial process ? If so , something is terribly wrong .
Who will be valiant for justice sake ?
Edward Snowden made a conscious decision to expose a massive , draconian system of spying on American citizens that they believed is violating the rights of every American . They could not reconcile their responsibilities under the executive order in which they were working with their knowledge as an American citizen himself . They made a conscience decision to fall on the side of the fence for the American citizen . Is anyone coming to their aid ? Who will be valiant for justice sake ?
New York Times Editorial , 1 July 1872 .
A NEW ROW has broken out among Irish activists in New York over the refusal of the city 's St Patrick 's Day Parade to allow an Irish LGBT group to march this year .
Last September , organisers announced , to some fanfare , that for the first time ever the world 's largest Paddy 's Day parade would include an openly LGBT contingent .
For a moment it looked as if the Irish gay community in New York 's bitter , decades-long struggle for recognition was finally over .
As details emerged , however , it became clear this was n't the victory it seemed to be .
“ When I heard the news , I went from total delight to major disappointment , ” said Brendan Fay , a 56-year-old activist from Drogheda who moved to Queens in 1984 .
The group allowed to take part in the 253-year-old march up 5th Avenue was OUT @ NBC – made up of LGBT employees of NBC Universal , the event 's TV sponsor .
Not the Lavender and Green Alliance , an Irish group co-founded by Fay in 1994 .
Not Irish Queers , a group that emerged in 1996 , and has been challenging the parade organisers with litigation and street protests since then .
What 's more , parade organisers appear to have been pushed into the move , rather than jumping , with the Irish Voice reporting NBC had threatened to end its TV coverage of the event .
Six months on , various factions in the Irish community view the inclusion of OUT @ NBC as either a mark of progress to be welcomed , a cynical ploy to keep sponsors on board , or a slap in the face to Irish LGBT groups .
The fight is turning inwards , and now it 's getting personal .
‘ Cherishing all the children of the nation equally '
Brendan Fay being arrested after protesting a non-inclusive parade in the Bronx , March 1999 . Source : Brendan Fay
Brendan Fay spent almost a decade on the fringes of the 5th Avenue parade – writing letters , waving placards , picketing and getting arrested .
They took part in the infamous 1991 parade – when New York mayor David Dinkins defied organisers and joined the Irish Lesbian and Gay Organisation ( ILGO ) in their march down 5th Avenue .
Speaking to TheJournal.ie from their home in Astoria , Queens , their voice fills with emotion as they recount their “ first day as an out gay Irishman , ” 24 years ago .
Some of the hundreds of thousands of spectators of the main parade threw beer at the group , booing and heckling , screaming “ AIDS , ” and hurling homophobic abuse at them , as shown in the video below .
https : //www.flickr.com/photos/lisaguido/12479827544/
Parades were the last thing Fay , a religious studies teacher , thought would one day dominate their life .
But as they explain , “ It 's only when you emigrate that you understand the importance and the symbolism of the parade . ”
“ And it 's when you 're excluded from it , that you really understand . ”
So on March 17 1991 , Fay , dressed in a kilt , joined the African-American Mayor of New York in an Irish dancing circle afterwards , telling the New York Times they had just experienced “ the best St Patrick 's Day [ he ] ever had . ”
As liberating as it was , however , that day cost Fay dearly . Soon afterwards , they lost their job as a teacher at a private Catholic secondary school in Queens .
A practising Catholic , they had gone to St Pat 's Seminary in Maynooth , and studied theology at St John 's University in Queens .
In 1999 , they were arrested twice in a week after protesting non-inclusive parades in Brooklyn and the Bronx .
After that , they took matters into their own hands .
Activists being arrested at a non-inclusive parade in Park Slope , Brooklyn , March 1999 . ( L-R ) Jimmy McNulty , Brendan Fay , Alan Fleishman , Donald Maher ( back turned ) . Source : New York Times , courtesy of Brendan Fay
A meeting at Donovans pub in Woodside between Fay , Irish nurse Ellen Duncan , and gay schoolteacher Danny Dromm , gave birth to the St Pats for All parade , an inclusive and racially diverse alternative to the main event .
Since 2000 , it has marched through Queens every year under a banner that quotes the Proclamation of the Republic : “ Cherishing all the children of the nation equally . ”
New York Mayor Bill deBlasio waves an Irish flag at the 2015 St Pat 's for All parade in Queens , with Kerry Kennedy ( L ) , the actor Brian F. O'Byrne , and organiser Brendan Fay on their right . Source : William Alatriste
Fay 's focus now is very much on the nuts and bolts of running the annual event , which is expanding in size and political support every year .
With two days to go until the event , he 's distracted , and their husband Tom , an American hematologist and oncologist whom they married in 2003 , is taking phone messages and arranging call-backs .
Fay is making final arrangements for this year 's Grand Marshals – Kerry Kennedy , the human rights activist and daughter of Senator Robert Kennedy , and the actor Brian F. O'Byrne , who plays Detective Mick Moynihan ( “ Cig ” ) on Love/Hate .
But despite this focus on the event they run along with Kathleen Walsh D'Arcy , they say he 's still “ determined to do everything [ he ] possibly can ” to get Irish LGBT inclusion in the 5th Avenue parade in two weeks ' time .
I 've appealed to Cardinal Timothy Dolan , the Grand Marshal , the Mayor [ Bill de Blasio ] , and Irish leaders in New York , to do everything they possibly can.This is New York , and good things can happen in hours and minutes . All it would take is a telephone call .
If that call does n't come , though , he 's ready to dust off their placards and take to the streets of Manhattan once again .
Of course – we 'll do what we 've always done . We have to protest exclusion and discrimination .
However , that last-minute phone call is unlikely to arrive .
‘ In their eyes , we ca n't be Irish and queer . We can only be one or the other . '
Irish Queers activist JF Mulligan protesting on the steps of New York 's City Hall last month . Source : Gerard Flynn
After September 's announcement , organisers said Irish gay activists could apply to march in 2016 , but that there was no room for any more participants this year .
“ It 's the same kind of trickery that we 've seen in the past , ” says John Francis Mulligan from the group Irish Queers .
They used the exact same argument in 1993 , when they said the parade route was n't long enough .
That year saw an acrimonious and high-profile court battle between New York city officials and organisers from the Ancient Order of Hibernians ( AOH ) – a conservative , Catholic , male-only Irish-American group .
Despite their consistent denial that they are motivated by homophobic discrimination , a lawyer for the AOH admitted to Judge Kevin Thomas Duffy , that previous rulings about waiting lists were “ an attempt to defuse the situation ” and a sham .
In other words , the organisers would never allow LGBT groups to carry banners in the parade , no matter how short the waiting list , or how long the parade route .
And in 1991 , after Mayor Dinkins marched with ILGO , the AOH banned Division 7 of its organisation , which happened to have overseen that inclusion .
“ You have to look at the history , ” says Mulligan , a 45-year-old Manhattan office-worker who went to primary school in Carrickmore , in their mother 's native Co Tyrone , but grew up in New York .
There is no change here . A change would be to say ‘ We 'll only allow one Irish LGBT group to march this year , but we 'll entertain other groups next year . '
For him , it 's no accident that the first ever LGBT group allowed to march in the parade belongs to a corporate sponsor , and not the Irish community itself .
They do n't admit that there are Irish and Irish-American LGBT people . In their eyes , we ca n't be Irish and queer . We can only be one or the other .
This , however , is the philosophy of a group of “ provacateurs , ” according to Niall O'Dowd , the influential and well-connected publisher of the Irish Voice and Irish America newspapers , and founder of the IrishCentral website .
‘ The longest-running open sore in the Irish-American community '
Niall O'Dowd , in their capacity as chairperson of the Irish Lobby for Immigration Reform , addresses a US Senate Committee in 2006 . Source : AP/Press Association Images
“ [ Irish Queers ] come out once a year to protest the parade , and they do n't ever involve themselves in the community in any meaningful way , ” they tell TheJournal.ie .
In a scathing column last month , they called the inclusion of OUT @ NBC a “ seismic concession ” and condemned Irish Queers for looking for “ cheap headlines . ”
In contrast to parades in Ireland , says O'Dowd , the New York event is “ a Catholic parade before it 's an Irish parade . That 's what you have to understand about it . ”
While they support a fully inclusive event , and has repeatedly criticised organisers for being slow to change , O'Dowd likens progress on this issue to talks leading up to the Good Friday Agreement , in which they played a role .
Very few people get exactly what they want right at the beginning of negotiations . But what you learn to do is win the small victories . You put your head down and you battle on .
This is the longest-running open sore in the Irish-American community . A huge effort has been made , and a solution has been found , though it 's not the ultimate solution .
O'Dowd , who who is the brother of Fine Gael TD Fergus O'Dowd , says the inclusion of a gay group this year means organisers have “ conceded the key principle . ”
The Archbishop of New York , Cardinal Timothy Dolan , has agreed to be Grand Marshal , despite what they called “ much fiery mail and public criticism ” from the other side of this debate .
Cardinal Timothy Dolan speaks with Taoiseach Enda Kenny at the 2014 St Patrick 's Day parade in New York . Source : AP/Press Association Images
In their recent column , O'Dowd called this a “ huge gesture of conciliation . ”
They singled out Brendan Fay 's Lavender and Green Alliance as “ the only gay Irish group with real standing , ” while castigating Irish Queers as a “ fit for purpose , once a year serial boycotter of the parade . ”
Fay themselves calls this appraisal “ appalling . ”
I was shocked to read their column . From the first moment , this has always been about being Irish and LGBT . It was never simply about being gay . It was about reclaiming our heritage .
I do n't believe in put-downs and division , and driving a wedge between people who share a common longing .
To their credit , Niall O'Dowd has used their paper to do a lot of good , but they have this one wrong .
In an equally scathing response on their website , Irish Queers defended the group against the publisher 's attack :
When O'Dowd says Irish Queers do n't have standing , they mean we do n't have standing with him , and with the entwined business , political , and religious power brokers who run official Irish politics .
They also mean that the Irish community in New York is a tiny , closed circle of people who can be brought in or pushed out – and not the expansive , bustling community of New Yorkers who share in different aspects of Irish culture , different relationships with Ireland , and wildly different politics .
Speaking to TheJournal.ie , Mulligan adds : “ I think [ O'Dowd ] sometimes walks around and expects to be genuflected to , like a 1950s parish priest , because of who they are . ”
While these decades-old differences and factions threaten to mar the movement towards inclusion , at a crucial moment , there is at least one thing everyone agrees on :
This would n't be an issue in Ireland itself .
Panti Bliss , as honoured guest in the 2014 St Pat 's for All parade . Source : St Pat 's for All via Facebook
“ They have this romanticised version of what Ireland is , and that 's what they 're trying to replicate here in New York , ” says Mulligan of the older , more conservative opponents of inclusion in the parade .
“ And that does n't exist in Ireland now , and it does n't exist in New York now either . ”
Brendan Fay says he 's “ so heartened ” by the upcoming marriage equality referendum here , but was “ disappointed ” by Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan 's decision to march in the 5th Avenue parade on March 17th .
That decision contrasts with the ever-expanding group of major political figures in New York , who are boycotting the 5th Avenue parade , and increasingly attending St Pat 's for All .
Last year , Democrat Bill deBlasio became the first Mayor in a generation to refuse to attend the Manhattan parade , and despite the inclusion of OUT @ NBC , appears intent on staying away again in 2015 .
They join major New York power-brokers like Christine Quinn , the openly lesbian Council member who was arrested with Brendan Fay in 1999 and ran for mayor in 2013 .
That 's as well as Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito , and Council members including Jimmy Van Bramer , Rosie Mendez and of course , Danny Dromm , who helped found St Pat 's for All , and is now a City Council member .
The tide is turning , but after 25 years of arrests , protests , court battles , and now with internal factions bubbling over , Brendan Fay puts things in perspective .
I remember in 1992 , when I got a message on an old fax machine , to say that a lesbian and gay youth group had won the prize for best float in the St Patrick 's Day parade that year in Cork .
And here we still are in 2015 .
First posted at 8.30pm Saturday .
