Utah school district gets rid of cougar mascot because it 's offensive to women
Students in Utah may have voted to urge on their sports teams with the battle cry ‘ Go Cougars ! '
But the school district has overruled the popular choice because it claims it would be insensitive to women .
The students were asked what they wanted to be the mascot for the new Corner Canyon High School , which is scheduled to open in Draper , Utah , next year .
Offense : A school in Utah has rejected their students ' decision for a cougar mascot after worry it could be too insensitive to women
While cougars – the large mountain cats - are prevalent in Utah , the principal Mary Bailey worried people would also be reminded of the popular culture use of the word to describe sexually aggressive middle-aged women who attract younger men .
Some parents and patrons emailed and called board members , saying they were uncomfortable with the idea that their daughters on the drill team and as cheerleading squad would be called Cougars .
Misuse : The school decided that while the large mountain cats are prevalent in Utah , some may instead think of the word used to describe sexually aggressive middle-aged women who attract younger men
The Canyons Board of Education , which consisted of six men and one woman , agreed with the principal and decided to impose the name ‘ Charger ' for the mascot .
Although ‘ Charger ' was on the ballot , it did n't get close to as many votes as ‘ Cougars . '
Ballots were sent out to 4,300 kindergarten through eighth grade students in Draper communities that will feed into the school . Two hundred seventy-three wanted Cougars , 180 wanted Diamondback , 171 wanted Falcons and 141 wanted Raptors .
Chosen : Charger , a horse used in battle , was chosen for the school 's mascot though it had received fewer votes , as seen from the recent Steven Spielberg movie War Horse
The decision came even though Brigham Young University , considered one of the country 's most straight-laced colleges , uses the cougar for its mascot .
Ms. Bailey said the name ‘ Charger ' gave the school an opportunity to have a unique mascot in Utah .
‘ The board said this is a brand-new school and we want to unite the community . And if there 's something out there that could divide it , let 's not go there , ' said district spokesperson Jennifer Toomer-Cook to KSL.com .
- Any - Georgia United States United Kingdom Canada Australia Ireland China Korea , Republic Of ( South ) Saudi Arabia United Arab Emirates online Positions Japan Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia And Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Christmas Island Colombia Comoros Congo , The Democratic Republic Of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Holy See ( Vatican City State ) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran , Islamic Republic Of Iraq Israel New Zealand Italy Jamaica Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea , Democratic People 's Republic Of ( North ) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People 's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia , The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia , Federated States Of Moldova , Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts And Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome And Principe Senegal Serbia And Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania , United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Turkey Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
It 's sturdy . That 's the best way to describe the Moto E4 Plus , the latest budget smartphone from Lenovo 's subdivision . The E4 Plus is one of the best phones under $ 200 — but it wo n't excite you in the least . It just gets the job done . It 's a utilitarian workhorse , like an old Toyota Land Cruiser . It 's heavy and fitted with a massive battery that will last you days , and can handle any scenario to a certain extent . But if you 're looking for excitement or innovation , look elsewhere . This is all business .
On paper , Lenovo has done just about everything right with the Moto E4 Plus : it comes with Android 7.1 Nougat , a Snapdragon 427 quad-core processor , a 13-megapixel camera , and a massive 5000mAh battery . Importantly , it comes unlocked — and works on all four major carriers . At $ 179 ( $ 199 for the 32GB version ) , it 's the least-expensive phone you can buy that will work on any carrier . But while the spec sheet looks nice , the phone feels like it could be better with a bit more fine tuning .
Lenovo stuck with the big bezel look for the Moto E4 and E4 Plus , and it has a metal unibody design , which is serviceable but is n't really appealing or distinctive . If there was n't a rather large Moto logo under the earpiece , it 'd be hard to tell the difference between the E4 and any other random Android phone . The 5.5-inch 1280 x 720 display is probably the worst feature of the phone . ( It 's far too big to have such a low resolution . ) Colors do n't pop and reading text can be bothersome if you 're coming from any phone with a 1080p display or higher .
The display is the worst part of this phone
Below the display is a fingerprint sensor that can double as a home button , but I 've found that function is less than consistent . Moto Actions lets you use the fingerprint sensor button as a home button , or use swipe gestures on it to call up recent apps or jump out of current apps . But the functions are too close together : press quickly to jump home , but if you hold it too long , it activates Google Assistant . By default , if you hold your finger on the sensor too long , it will lock the phone . The actual fingerprint sensor works fine , but activating it as a home button using Moto Actions is more of a pain than it 's worth .
The Moto E4 Plus runs on a 1.4GHz quad-core Snapdragon 427 processor with 2GB of RAM and 16GB or 32GB of storage . It 's pretty quick , with no noticeable lag in webpage loading times or issues running the usual slate of apps . There were some slow downs on data-intensive games and when I had a bunch of tabs open on Chrome , but frankly that 's to be expected in a phone that costs less than $ 200 .
Lenovo has loaded what is essentially a stock version of Android Nougat , with a few tweaks ( like Moto Actions ) , but nothing that takes away from the design Google intended . That 's the good part . The bad part is Lenovo has n't committed to updating the E4 or E4 Plus to Android Oreo , despite the fact that it came out just two months ago .
If you 're looking for a device that will definitely get Android Oreo , you may want to look at something else . There 's no guarantee Lenovo will come around and add this to the list of Motorola phones getting Oreo in the coming months .
You have to really work to get a good shot with this camera
Challenging the display for the worst feature of the Moto E4 Plus is the 13-megapixel rear camera , which is lackluster at best . You have to really work to get a good shot with this phone . The autofocus is slow and inconsistent , and colors are routinely blown out . Images lack saturation in most cases , unless you tap to refocus in the exact right position and get lucky . There is a professional mode that will allow you to change settings like ISO and white balance to get a better image , but most people wo n't be interested in messing with settings for every shot .
Grid View Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Photo by Micah Singleton / The Verge
Low light performance is pretty bad as well : the camera app seriously lags when you 're trying to get a shot with not enough light . There was easily two to three seconds of lag after a number of shots I took , and the autofocus was pretty much unusable at points . If you own this phone and want to take photos in low light , just ask a friend with a better camera . None of my shots came out particularly well .
So what 's the best part of the phone ? The massive battery — by far . The Moto E4 Plus comes with a 5000mAh battery that will not die . You 'll easily get two days of normal usage out of this thing without recharging ( more if you use it lightly ) . This battery made me wish more phones came with this kind of stamina . After using this phone for a few weeks , you stop thinking about the charger , and forget about plugging it in at night . And it is n't a death sentence to your connectivity with the outside world the next day .
The 5000mAh battery will not die
The Moto E4 Plus is a solid phone for $ 179 . It will last you days , the processor is plenty fast , it can run all of the crucial apps with no issues , and the price tag is hard to beat . But if you 're looking for a phone you can keep for two years , or if you enjoy taking better than below-average photos , you should consider the Moto G5 Plus , which is $ 100 more but comes with a better dual-camera setup , a 1080p display , more RAM , and , eventually , Android Oreo .
There are only so many things you can cut from the G5 Plus and still have a great phone . The Moto E4 Plus is solid for how much it costs , but the true budget champion is still its big brother .
Well , we got rid of that ridiculous $ 2 monthly fee that Verizon wanted to charge you for paying your bill online , but they have decided to kick off an “ upgrade fee ” in its place . Starting April 22 , you will have to pay a $ 30 “ upgrade fee ” when purchasing a new phone at a discounted rate on contract . So when you pay $ 199 for that shiny new white DROID RAZR , but lock in for 2 years , you will also pay an additional $ 30 .
Here is the reasoning behind this move :
On April 22 , Verizon Wireless is implementing a $ 30 upgrade fee for existing customers purchasing new mobile equipment at a discounted price with a two-year contract . This fee will help us continue to provide customers with the level of service and support they have come to expect which includes Wireless Workshops , online educational tools , and consultations with experts who provide advice and guidance on devices that are more sophisticated than ever .
From what we can tell , Sprint and AT & T each charge $ 36 as an upgrade fee to their customers .
We have full details about the fee here .
Via : Verizon
New England Revolution defender Stephen McCarthy changed their number from 26 to 15 ahead of the 2013 MLS season in honor of late Crew midfielder Kirk Urso , who passed away due to a congenital heart defect on August 5 , 2012 . McCarthy and Urso were teammates for two seasons at the University of North Carolina , helping the Tar Heels to an appearance in the 2010 College Cup after McCarthy missed 2009 due to injury .
McCarthy transferred to UNC from Santa Clara in January 2009 and just as they did when Ben Speas landed at North Carolina in 2011 , Urso was the first Tar Heel to make an impression on McCarthy .
`` I transferred in and my first memory of [ Urso ] really stuck . I was a transfer coming in and it was my first day of training -- it was n't even a real training it was just kind of a kick-around in the gym -- there were no coaches there and we just played small-sided games , '' McCarthy recalled . `` Kirk was just so serious . Every ball , they were going so hard and going after tackles . In my head I was thinking 'This guy is crazy . ' I did n't think I liked them very much when I first met him . ''
They continued , `` As my playing went on with them and I got to see who they were off the field as well as on the field , I started to realize how good of a human being they are . They were the most serious player I think I 've ever played with because they wanted to win so badly on the field . And then when you got off the field they were just the nicest guy . They were the smartest , the best student on our team . I had some classes with him , they helped me in school as well as on the field . When I transferred , they were always happy to be around and hang out and talk . We kept in touch when I went to New England and they went to Columbus as well . It 's tough . ''
In sports , a player is almost as identifiable by their or their number as they are by name . After all , McCarthy incorporated their number into their Twitter handle : @ BigMacca26 .
Heading into their third season in MLS , McCarthy will no longer don the number 26 , but instead play in their dear friend 's memory with the number 15 on their back .
`` I was just thinking of Kirk , and I just thought [ changing to number 15 ] would be something nice to do for them and their family as well as for me because I want to keep them in my mind all the time , '' they explained .
`` It 's going to be important to me because I 'm not just playing for me , but for them as well , '' they continued . `` I want to be playing even harder for that reason . ''
Number 15 to honor my friend Kirk Urso . They will have my back all season — Stephen McCarthy ( @ BigMacca26 ) January 7 , 2013
The Kirk Urso Memorial Fund was established by the Crew Soccer Foundation in late 2012 to provide a platform to develop and support youth heart health research and programming to honor Urso 's memory . The Fund is in partnership with the Children 's Heart Foundation , which is dedicated to bringing health , hope and happiness to children impacted by congenital heart defects by funding the most promising research to advance diagnosis , treatment and prevention .
Of more than 50,000 killings of women since 1985 , nearly a third took place in last six years , official report says
The number of women being murdered in Mexico has risen sharply over the last decade amid the country 's drug war , more than wiping out two decades of gains when the rate fell by half , a new study shows .
'Impunity has consequences ' : the women lost to Mexico 's drug war Read more
The report from Mexico 's interior department , the country 's National Women 's Institute and the UN Women agency said the annual femicide rate was 3.8 per 100,000 women in 1985 before it began a steady decline to 1.9 in 2007 . From there it rose sharply to peak at 4.6 per 100,000 in 2012 , tapering off in the following years and then rising again last year to 4.4 .
Of the 52,210 killings of women recorded over the 32-year period , nearly a third took place in the last six years , the report said .
The rise in such killings coincided with Mexico 's militarised offensive against drug cartels launched in late 2006 by then-president Felipe Calderón . It also roughly tracks overall homicide trends during the period .
Quick guide Mexico 's war on drugs Show Hide Why did Mexico launch its war on drugs ? On 10 December 2006 , president Felipe Calderón , launched Mexico 's war on drugs by sending 6,500 troops into their home state of Michoacán , where rival cartels were engaged in tit-for-tat massacres . Calderón declared war eight days after taking power – a move widely seen as an attempt to boost their own legitimacy after a bitterly contested election victory . Within two months , around 20,000 troops were involved in operations across the country . What has the war cost so far ? The US has donated at least $ 1.5bn through the Merida Initiative since 2008 , while Mexico has spent at least $ 54bn on security and defence since 2007 . Critics say that this influx of cash has helped create an opaque security industry open to corruption at every level . But the biggest costs have been human : since 2007 , around 230,000 people have been murdered and more than 28,000 reported as disappeared . Human rights groups have also detailed a vast rise in human rights abuses by security forces . As the cartels have fractured and diversified , other violent crimes such as kidnapping and extortion have also surged . In addition , hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced by violence . What has been achieved ? Improved collaboration between the US and Mexico has resulted in numerous high-profile arrests and drug busts . Officials say 25 of the 37 drug traffickers on Calderón 's most-wanted list have been jailed , extradited to the US or killed , although not all of these actions have been independently corroborated . The biggest victory – and most embarrassing blunder – under Peña Nieto 's leadership was the recapture , escape and another recapture of Joaquín “ El Chapo ” Guzmán , leader of the Sinaloa cartel . While the crackdown and capture of kingpins has won praise from the media and US , it has done little to reduce the violence . How is the US involved ? Mexico 's decade-long war on drugs would never have been possible without the huge injection of American cash and military cooperation under the Merida Initiative . The funds have continued to flow despite growing evidence of serious human rights violations . Photograph : Pedro Pardo/AFP
About 12 % of homicide victims in Mexico last year were women , compared with about 10 % in 1985 . That was down slightly from the early and mid-2000s .
“ Violence against women and girls – which can result in death – is perpetrated , in most cases , to conserve and reproduce the submission and subordination of them derived from relationships of power , ” the report said .
The tiny state of Colima registered the country 's highest femicide rate in 2016 , with 16.3 per 100,000 . It was followed by the states of Guerrero , Zacatecas , Chihuahua and Morelos .
For sheer numbers , the highest for a single state was 421 in the state of Mexico , which surrounds the capital on three sides and is the country 's most populous state .
Most of those are states with a heavy presence of organized crime gangs . Guerrero , in particular , is a hotspot of cartel violence . The Pacific coast resort city of Acapulco in Guerrero registered more killings of women last year than any other municipality , with 107 .
The study also noted an increase in recent years of murders of women outside the home , “ which probably is related to the increase in organised crime activities ” . Last year 41 % of murders of women happened outside the home .
The 'invisible ' victims of Edomex , Mexico 's most dangerous place to be female Read more
“ The increase in killings of women in public constitutes one of the most important findings of this study , which explains a good part of the recent total growth of femicides in Mexico , ” the report said .
The study also said that while the vast majority of male homicide victims are killed with firearms , many femicides continue to be by “ the most cruel means ” such as stabbing , beating and strangling , which it said reflects misogyny .
“ This means there has not been success in changing the cultural patterns that devalue women and consider them disposable , allowing for a social permissiveness in the face of violence and its ultimate expression , femicide , ” the report said .
It recommended all levels of government tackle the problem by strengthening “ public policies to prevent violence and to achieve greater empowerment and economic autonomy for women , as well as eliminating the risks they face in public spaces ” .
UPDATE : The date has been removed from the blog post . Click the thumbnail below right for an image of the original article .
ORIGINAL STORY : Battlefield 4 will release on October 29 , 2013 , according to an official blog post on Xbox.com .
The release date - which has yet to be confirmed by EA or DICE - appeared in a post penned by Xbox.com games editor Denny Atkin earlier this week .
`` Only in Battlefield can players go through a building instead of around it , eject from a jet and take out the enemy mid-free fall , or flip a tank , '' wrote Atkin . `` DICE , a studio of Electronic Arts , announced that Battlefield 4 will arrive on the Xbox 360 on October 29 , 2013 . ''
Beyond an autumn 2013 release window , neither EA nor DICE have yet publicly revealed an official release date for Battlefield 4 .
An October 29 release date sounds plausible , however .
Battlefield 3 released in North America on October 25 , 2011 . The 29th also falls on a Tuesday - the day on which games typically release in the US .
If true , October 29 is looking set to be a big day for games releases . Assassin 's Creed 4 : Black Flag goes on sale in North America on the same day .
And if Battlefield 4 really is a next-gen title - as has previously been suggested - could we see the next-generation versions release the same day ? Quite possibly .
Source : Xbox.com
Take a look at what the Federal Govt 's new Copyright Amendment Bill means for the everyday user .
What new piracy laws mean for you 1:52
THE likelihood of getting busted for illegally downloading the latest film release just increased , with individual pirates coming in the firing line of a major Aussie film distributor .
During its half-yearly financial results presentation to investors , Village Roadshow announced an aggressive five-point program for combating piracy .
As part of the push , the film studio will be “ suing infringers ” caught downloading illegal content .
The program will also involve the continued blocking of infringing websites , working with Google to block or demote the page ranking for piracy sites , ensuring the availability of legal products and a “ major PR campaign ” to educate consumers .
Village Roadshow made mention of the success it had in getting the Australian Federal Court to rule that internet service providers must “ take reasonable steps to disable access ” of torrent sites .
Along with Foxtel , the major Australian film distributor had 61 domain names — including the popular Torrentz , IsoHunt , TorrentHound and the Pirate Bay — blocked by ISPs .
As the judge also supported the application of rolling injunctions to make it easier to chase offending sites , Village Roadshow will be lodging another list of sites it would like blocked .
“ Using bipartisan legislation , access to The Pirate Bay website has been blocked , resulting in a dramatic reduction in downloads from that site , ” the company said , reports ZDNet .
“ In February , will initiate the blocking of a further 40 pirate sites , constituting approximately 90 per cent of the flow . ”
The company said it is hoping to see a similar drop in piracy as in Korea , which had a 90 per cent decrease in illegal downloads as a direct result of site blocking .
While the threat of going after individual Australians who download movies or TV shows without paying might sound troubling , the effectiveness is questionable .
In December 2015 , the makers of Oscar-winning movie Dallas Buyers Club unsuccessfully attempted to secure the details of almost 5000 Aussies it believed illegally shared copies of the film online .
The filmmakers wanted to not only fine each infringer , but to also charge them for the cost of legally buying the film , a one-off rental fee , a licence fee for uploading activity and the costs of obtaining the downloader 's details from the ISPs .
The Federal Court threw out the case , with the Justice Nye Perram calling its contentions “ wholly unrealistic ” .
Award winning intellectual property lawyer Cathryn Warburton said the problem with the Dallas Buyers Club case was the copyright owner wanted to send “ speculative invoices ” to individual infringers .
“ These invoices were considered by the court to be excessive and contained amounts meant to punish the infringers , rather than recoup the amount lost by the individual illegal download , ” they told news.com.au .
“ The copyright owners did not lose that case , but rather did a cost-benefit analysis and decided it was not worth going after infringers for a lesser amount . ”
Ms Warburton said Village Roadshow could succeed where Dallas Buyers Club failed if it does not “ overreach ” and try and claim too much from each individual infringer .
“ The new Village Road Showcase may simply be a scare tactic , and we may see a process similar to that in the Dallas Buyers Club case where Village Road Show uses the publicity of the litigation to scare off potential infringers with no intent to take it to its final conclusion , ” they said .
“ The small payment it might receive from each illegal downloader is unlikely to be its aim . The aim is likely to be to warn off illegal downloaders that it can ( and will ) take action . A certain percentage of would-be illegal downloaders will be scared off by such a case , and perhaps that is all that Village Road Show is hoping for .
“ If the case does proceed , Village Road Show will likely win against infringers , but the dollar figure per infringement is likely to be fairly low . Of course , they will claim legal costs , but a mass-suit is likely to see legal costs split among all infringers , lowering the cost to each infringer . ”
Are you concerned by the latest warning from Village Roadshow ? Continue the conversation in the comments below or with Matthew Dunn on Facebook and Twitter .
Dear Mr. Money Mustache , I just came across your blog a few weeks ago after seeing a story about it on ABC . While the idea of cutting back my lifestyle sounded horrible at first , once I dug in I saw what you were really talking about and it has been like a giant boxing glove hit me in the face . Until recently I thought we were doing pretty well . But suddenly I could see money leaking out everywhere in our lifestyle : the cable package , remaining student loans , restaurants , excessive driving , excessive air conditioning – everywhere . My question is what to do about the decisions that are already “ locked-in ” . We have some expensive and not-that efficient cars ( A 2010 Mazda CX-9 and 2013 Acura TL ) , but at least they are paid off so we might as well drive them forever , right ? Also , we live about 15 miles from work in a house that is way too big for the four of us , but on the bright side we bought it in on foreclosure in 2009 and the value is up about $ 100,000 since then . Finally , and I have an old ( 2000 ) speed boat and a camp trailer we use occasionally in the summers – these are paid off as well , but they do cost something to store and maintain ( about $ 2400/year ) . We 've started biking more and doing more local activities and the kids like it . I just wish we had n't locked in these earlier poor decisions .
—-
First of all , let me admit that the above person is somewhat fabricated . I find letters like this waiting for me every morning when I wake up , and so many of them follow the same general pattern that I figured we could create a great lesson by combining some of the best details into one composite letter . And that lesson is the one right there in the title :
Do n't let the boat anchor of your past mistakes drag on you forever into your future .
Clinging to past behaviors is one of the built-in weaknesses ( also known as Cognitive Biases ) that we humans are born with . In this case , we 're talking about Loss Aversion and maybe a bit of the Sunk Cost Effect : we tend to value things we already have , and things we have poured a lot of money into , even if they are in fact pieces of crap when measured on an objective quality-of-life scale .
“ I 'd hate to take the depreciation hit on this 2012 Dodge Ram 1500 BigHorn after making three years of payments on it ! ”
These prepackaged flaws are so powerful that we need to pull ourselves deliberately in the other direction in order to end up at a reasonable middle ground . Even when you think you 're living life in a reasonable fashion , this bias will still sneak up and bite you .
And it still bites me too – let 's look at another example from my own life right now . Do you remember that rental house I was so happy to have sold in the last article ?
On paper , it looks pretty good : I was stuck with a supposed-to-be- $ 650,000 houses back in 2010 that I was having trouble selling even with the listing price dropped down to $ 480k . Probably because the market value was more like 450 . At the time , I felt stubborn and defiant :
“ There 's no way I 'm selling this prized bit of my work for $ 200,000 less than it is worth ! I 'll just rent it out , collect some income , and ride the prices right back up . Then , justice will be served and my past mistakes wo n't look so bad . ”
However , and this is the key to this whole article , if the situation were reversed I would have given a completely different answer . Suppose it was the year 2010 in a different universe , and I was not saddled with that house . I was retired , had that same $ 450,000 sitting happily in index funds , and looking out at the carnage in the housing market . If someone had suggested I invest in this house , it would be a different conversation :
Random Person : “ Hey man , do you want to buy a $ 450,000 house in a high-end neighborhood with a strict Homeowner 's Association ? It 'll give you $ 2400 in rent , plus whatever appreciation the housing market provides . Property taxes will run you around $ 3200/year and the HOA fees are another $ 960 . And do n't forget maintenance ! ” Me : “ Are you Effing Crazy ! ? I 'm retired ! I do n't need some fussy high-end rental . I 'll sit back and enjoy my index funds , or at least get something like a 4-plex that nets $ 4000/month for that kind of money ! ”
But cognitive bias struck , and I decided to rent out the place anyway .
And sure , things turned out roughly as a reasonable forecast would predict : I put it up for rent , and collected over $ 144,000 in rental income over the next five years . On top of that , the housing market recovered so the house appreciated by an additional $ 115,000 . A total income of $ 259,000 , which sounds pretty good on a $ 450,000 investment , right ?
But wait . Let 's subtract the taxes and HOA fees at $ 20,800 over those five years .
Then subtract my maintenance costs , which added to about $ 10,000 ( most of it spent just this past May as I restored the house to its original sparkling condition for sale ) .
Plus an estimate of the value of my labor for managing and maintaining it : 200 hours at $ 40 , or $ 8,000 .
This yields a net profit of about $ 220,000 , meaning my $ 450,000 grew to $ 670,000 .
It still sounds like an amazing windfall , but that 's just because $ 450 grand is a lot of money , and five years is a fair amount of time . On an annualized basis , this is like earning just 8 % . Yet another example of how your money can work harder than you can .
What if I had put this money into the plain old conservative Vanguard S & P500 index fund ( VFIAX ) instead , and allowed all dividend payments to automatically reinvest ?
Plugging the dates into our amazing IndexView tool , I can see that a stock investment would have roughly doubled in that time period if you include dividend reinvestment . In other words , if I had ditched that house at $ 450,000 and just kicked back for the next five years , that chunk of money would be over $ 900,000 today .
Hindsight is 20/20 , as they say . The stock market could easily end up going sideways over a five-year period . But what matters is making the choice that is most likely to be the right thing for you . And that means thinking about today 's big decisions as if there were no past baggage attached to them .
In the introductory story , the brand-new Mustachian is currently burdened with a money-burning 2010 Mazda CX-9 SUV , which would fetch about $ 12,000 on the used market . If they were starting from scratch with $ 12,000 in the wallet and no car , would they buy the same vehicle ? Or perhaps the far superior 2010 Honda Fit which handles better , will cut the running costs in half , and costs over $ 3,000 less ?
The $ 3000 cash difference plus a savings of $ 2500 per year in fuel , depreciation and maintenance will compound to a wealth difference of over $ 30,000 per decade , just from this one decision . Not many people realize the staggering effects of a poor vehicle choice , which is the reason SUVs exist in the first place . But now that the new knowledge has been acquired , it is time to act on it . Since they would n't buy the SUV right now , they should sell the SUV right now .
Similarly , moving a double-commuting couple 15 miles closer to work will save you close to $ 100,000 every decade in direct car costs alone , but much more than that if you factor in the value of your own time and health . Most people do n't realize the shockingly high cost of car-commuting . If they did , distant suburbs and the the entire phenomenon of “ rush hour ” would not even exist . But once you do get the secret memo , it is time to act on it and move .
Lifestyle trinkets like motorboats and rarely-used cabins , ATVs and country club memberhips seem like an harmless treat you indulge in when you get your first promotion at work . But they tend to add up and become a massive tax on your life – draining attention and cashflow to the tune of hundreds of thousands more per decade . Once you realize that these little weekend amusements are equivalent to chaining yourself to an office for an extra 40 years , you might weigh the decision differently . And so you can change your decision . Right now .
But What about Transaction Costs ?
The Economists of the audience are probably a bit annoyed right now : “ Mustache 's examples do n't account for the time and money you need to spend to change cars , or change houses ! Often if you take these into account it would wipe out the first several months of savings or more ! ”
They are right to a certain extent . But I encourage people to push through the pain and get the deals done anyway , because making transactions is good for you .
Transactions , deals , friendships , and other arrangements with other humans are the highest-paying and often most rewarding thing you can do with your time . Even the ones that do n't go perfectly build your perspective and your Badassity .
Most of us make far too few transactions , and this lack of experience keeps us in fear , so we avoid them even more with each passing year . Your skill and comfort with life transactions is reflected directly in your wealth and the quality of your life .
So even if it does take a few hours to photograph the gas guzzlers and get them onto Craigslist , and even more hours to search out a new ride , make the investment and get the job done . The momentum you gain will start a chain reaction that helps you clean up all your other past mistakes .
What would you do differently if you could go back to age 19 and design your wealthy dream lifestyle from scratch ?
How many of these things can you change and improve right now if you really put your mind to it ?
I 'm looking forward to getting fewer excuses for the past , and more announcements of massive change in the present , in my future emails .
LOS ANGELES – The 2017 NWSL Draft is in the books , preseason fixtures are being announced and rosters for the upcoming season are taking shape . NWSL fan excitement is building with first-kick anticipation awaiting the spring .
There wo n't be any NWSL expansion for the 2017 season ; however , rumblings in Vancouver suggest Whitecaps FC are interested in an NWSL expansion team for the 2018 season .
Equalizer Soccer caught up with NWSL Commissioner Jeff Plush at the NWSL draft . While they did confirm communication with the Vancouver Whitecaps FC organization , they did not suggest that a franchise was on the horizon for Vancouver .
“ I would n't want to certainly speak on behalf of Vancouver , ” said Plush . “ I would tell you that we 've had very good conversations with them . Fantastic market , great infrastructure with the Whitecaps with everything they 've done on the academy side . It 's a very attractive opportunity and we 're enthusiastic about it , but I would n't give a timeline on it . ”
At this point in negotiations , it feels as if the NWSL and Whitecaps FC are in a getting-to-know-you stage . Unfortunately , neither side seems to want to fully commit at this stage without exactly knowing what they 'll be getting into long-term .
Vancouver Whitecaps FC President Bobby Lenarduzzi was available following the 2017 MLS SuperDraft in Los Angeles . They provided a small brief update without all the juicy details .
“ It 's not something that we can comment on at this stage . Much like it has been , we 're investigating the opportunity , but really ca n't say too much , ” Lenarduzzi said .
{ MORE : NWSL to Vancouver ? It 's a definite maybe }
If an NWSL team was to come to Vancouver , would it feature a roster primarily made up of Canadian-international players ? What about allocations , and would those Canadian players be on board with playing in Vancouver ? Lenarduzzi was n't willing to tackle hypotheticals .
“ I think that 's probably a little premature to be discussing that , ” said Lenarduzzi . “ Again , really just right now , it 's a question of an investigating the opportunity . Once we have more to talk about , we can do that . ”
Having a team in Vancouver would be tremendous for soccer fans in Canada . For too long , supporters have had to travel to the U.S. to watch their favorite Canadian players . There is no debate about Canada being able to support an NWSL franchise , and Jeff Plush agrees .
“ In my opinion , no question , ” said Plush .
The financial side of bringing an NWSL team to Vancouver is a major hurdle . Currently , the Whitecaps organization operate an MLS team and a USL team . Adding an NWSL team to the organization 's budget could tighten the purse strings to an infeasible level . Can Whitecaps FC realistically run three teams ?
“ Well that 's part of the investigation process , ” said Lenarduzzi .
The pressure is on the NWSL and Vancouver Whitecaps FC to find common ground and bring an NWSL team to Vancouver . When they do , players , fans and media will no doubt flock to support it .
49ers may open stadium without a name
Even with the 49ers being one of sports ' hottest franchises right now , they just might open their $ 1.2 billion Santa Clara stadium in 2014 without a naming-rights deal that would pay a big chunk of the construction bill .
`` We do n't have anything in the pipeline , '' team spokesperson Bob Lange told us just before the team jetted off to Atlanta for Sunday 's NFC championship game . But they quickly added , `` It 's not a necessity . ... A number of other stadiums have opened without a naming-rights partner . ''
True , says former 49ers executive Andy Dolich . But given all the excitement that the team has created on the field and the buzz it has generated over the stadium , `` There should be many interested corporate entities in the pipeline . ''
According to Forbes Magazine , 22 of 32 NFL teams have stadiums with a corporate name attached - the most lucrative deal being the $ 400 million that MetLife paid to put its name on the home of the New York Giants and Jets .
On the other hand , there 's Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones , who opened Cowboys Stadium in 2009 but is still holding out for bigger moniker money than he 's been offered so far .
The 49ers are hoping to get something like $ 330 million for their stadium 's naming rights .
Terry Burton , a naming-rights expert from Detroit , says the country is awash with pro and college tagging deals - worth an estimated $ 25 billion annually - and that the Niners should take their time to get the right one .
After all , nobody wants to end up with the wrong partner - like the Houston Astros , whose ballpark opened in 2000 as Enron Field .
Friendly fire : A major split has developed between San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee and their longtime mentor and ally , Rose Pak .
Their once-warm friendship has grown chilly in recent months - the latest temperature drop being the fight over who should take Supervisor Carmen Chu 's seat if , as expected , the mayor names them to replace Phil Ting as city assessor .
In this drama , ethnic politics are playing a key role . For years , the supervisor 's seat in the heavily Asian American District Four has been held by a Chinese American - and Pak wants it to stay that way .
Lee , however , is hearing from advisers that there are plenty of Chinese Americans in city positions already - and that it 's time to put a white woman ( of whom there are none on the board ) into the mix .
The white woman Lee 's people have in mind is Police Commissioner Susan Loftus . She 's backed both by state Attorney General Kamala Harris , the former DA here , and major mayoral moneyman Ron Conway - whom Pak ca n't stand .
Them opposition does n't bother Lee 's advisers , many of them holdovers from former Mayor Gavin Newsom 's time , who have been out to curb Pak 's influence since Day One .
Pak 's candidate for the seat had been a longtime friend , Malcolm Yeung of the Chinatown Community Development Center , who strongly backed Lee 's mayoral run in 2011 .
However , Yeung recently pulled their hat out of the ring - leaving the Pak crew without a candidate .
`` But then , '' Pak said acidly , `` who wants to have the seat , if it means having to carry the mayor 's water all the time ? ''
Gangland : The two groups of thugs tagged by Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan as being responsible for most of the city 's violent crime are n't mainly interested in being tops in the drug trade or even in controlling large chunks of turf .
`` They are all about who is the toughest guy on the block , '' said John Keene , Alameda County 's deputy chief probation officer .
The groups Jordan blamed for `` about 90 percent '' of Oakland 's violence in recent months - a figure the Police Department later conceded was overstated - are called Money Team and the Case Gang . They stage robberies and engineer credit-card fraud schemes , but most of what they do is `` just crazy machismo crap , '' Keene said .
`` And that is what people are having trouble wrapping their heads around . ''
They 're so pointlessly violent , Keene said , that more-established gangs are laying low while they shoot it out .
One problem the cops are having , said Keene , is that there 's no real leadership in either group .
`` It used to be you could sit down with one or two guys and work out a deal for all the way down to the shorties , '' Keene said . `` Not anymore .
`` They just randomly shoot up an area in the middle of the day , '' Keene said . `` It 's down to fight over ex-girlfriends . ''
On the waterfront : A fourth-floor faucet left open overnight may have totaled Oakland Unified School District headquarters .
When an absent-minded janitor forgot to turn off the spigot in a utility room Jan. 7 , water ran unchecked for eight hours - leading to a flood that buckled floors and caused some ceilings to collapse .
The 150 administrators and other staffers , from the superintendent on down , have been forced from the four-story building on Second Avenue near Lake Merritt . They 've been scattered to makeshift offices at school sites throughout the district while a full damage assessment is conducted .
District spokesperson Troy Flint said the bill was likely to run into the hundreds of thousands of dollars .
With a $ 250,000 insurance deductible , some in the district doubt whether the 94-year-old building is worth saving .
President Trump is an avowed admirer of Vladimir Putin , and their administration is under investigation for its ties to Russia . But Trump 's governing style in the first few weeks has more in common with the Latin American populists who have risen to power in the last several decades . In particular , Trump 's unrelenting attacks on the media and attempts to undermine its credibility and paint it as an opposition force are straight out the Latin American populists ' playbook . Thursday 's press conference , in which they railed against “ very fake news , ” was a case in point .
While Trump is on the right and most populist movements of Latin America are leftist-oriented , there are remarkable similarities between the two in the rhetoric they employ to mobilize supporters . Ecuador 's Rafael Correa , Nicaragua 's Daniel Ortega , Bolivia 's Evo Morales , and Argentina 's Cristina Kirchner—along with the late Hugo Chávez of Venezuela—all rose to power in campaigns that targeted the media . In office , they continued their attacks .
“ The No . 1 enemies of Evo Morales are the majority of the media , ” the Bolivian president said in September 2006 , a day after their government published a list of the country 's most hostile media outlets . Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa has described critics in the press as “ ignorant , ” “ trash-talking , ” “ liars , ” “ unethical , ” “ mediocre , ” “ ink-stained hit men , ” and “ political actors who are trying to oppose the revolutionary government. ” Daniel Ortega calls journalists “ children of Goebbels ” and enemies of the Nicaraguan people . Hugo Chávez frequently called the media opposition coup plotters and fascists . More mildly , Argentine President Néstor Kirchner and Uruguayan President Tabaré Ramón Vázquez Rosas refer to the press as the “ unelected political opposition. ” Sound familiar ?
For these leaders , the shared insight is that a mobilized and committed base is more important than broad popular support in advancing their political agenda . This realization turns standard political practice on its head : Creating a more polarized society—rather than a more unified one—becomes an explicit political goal . For example , soon after taking office in 1999 , Chávez rallied their supporters behind a Constitutional Referendum . It passed with 88 percent of the vote—but a 60 percent rate of abstention .
The necessary first step of a strategy of fomenting greater political polarization is to marginalize the media , and more broadly to undermine its ability to provide a shared , unifying narrative . In Latin America , this process was aided by the fact that the traditional media has been allied with oligarchic interests . When Correa or Morales denounce the media it resonates with their supporters . Trump 's larger goal seems to be similar ; certainly their tactics are .
Lashing out at the media at public events ; denouncing and vilifying individual journalists , expelling reporters , blocking access , and threatening lawsuits : Trump and Chávez have these things in common . Like Trump , Chávez insisted on their own version of reality ( now known as “ alternative facts ” ) and their perspective was amplified by the segment of the media that supported their political project . Later in their administration , they built a government-funded media network that , not surprisingly , agreed with everything they said .
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Like Trump , Chávez effectively used Twitter to do an end run around media they did n't trust and to communicate directly with their supporters . Argentina 's Kirchner also used Twitter to attack and undermine their critics , becoming so obsessed with social media that they refused to relinquish control of the official presidential account after being voted out of office .
These systematic attacks on the media accomplish two things . First , they fire up the base , which believe that traditional media do not represent their interests or concerns . Second , they provoke the media itself , which feeling threatened , adopts a more oppositional posture . This in turn further fuels the polarization on which the leaders depend and paves the way for the government to introduce legal restrictions .
The most dramatic example was in Venezuela , where elements in the media embarked on a campaign of open warfare , engaging in overtly partisan coverage intended to undermine Chávez 's rule . Some media owners were alleged to have conspired in a 2002 coup that briefly ousted the president . Once Chavez returned to power , they rallied their supporters behind a new law imposing broad restrictions on what the media could and could not cover under the guise of “ ensuring the right to truthful information. ” Across the hemisphere , other restrictive legal measures were adopted , including Ecuador 's notorious 2013 Communications Law , which criminalizes the failure to cover events of public interest , as defined by the government . In the first year , approximately 100 lawsuits were filed under the law , stifling critical reporting .
The situation is obviously very different in the US , where we have a robust , independent and financially viable media ; a highly protective legal framework ; and a journalistic culture that values “ objective ” reporting . But Trump 's intent is clear . Through their relentless attacks , they seek to create an environment in which critical media is marginalized and the truth is unknowable . The experience in Latin America—which , unlike Russia , has a democratic tradition , a robust civil society , and a history of independent media—shows that the strategy can work .
But only if the US media takes the bait , and starts acting more like the opposition . The high-impact reporting in recent days on the links between Trump aides and Russia shows that the media retains sufficient credibility in the US to change the political dynamic . It is also a vivid reminder of what 's at stake .
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Joel Simon is the executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists , and the author of We Want to Negotiate : The Secret World of Kidnapping , Hostages and Ransom .
2014 winners Arsenal Ladies have lifted the FA Women 's Cup a record 13 times
This year 's FA Women 's Cup final on Saturday , 1 August will be held at Wembley for the first time in the competition 's history and is to be shown live on the BBC .
Last year 's final was won by Arsenal - their 13th Cup win - against Everton at Stadium MK in front of 15,098 fans .
Over 45,000 people saw England lose to Germany at Wembley last November .
Media playback is not supported on this device Arsenal beat Everton to win FA Cup
The holders start their defence with a fifth-round trip to Women 's Super League Two side Millwall Lionesses .
Reigning WSL1 champions Liverpool visit 2012 Cup winners Birmingham City , while Chelsea will host second-tier Watford .
Last year 's losing finalists Everton will play Bristol Academy at home and Tottenham will travel to Notts County .
There are also home draws for Coventry City , Manchester City and Aston Villa , with the ties to be played on 22 March .
Women in Sport welcomed the news of the Wembley final : `` We ca n't wait to see the women 's FA Cup finalists run out onto the Wembley turf later this year and we 're calling on all fans of women 's football from across the country to get to the game and show the power of women 's sport .
`` 2015 is already promising to be an incredibly exciting year for women 's football with this summer 's Women 's World Cup fast approaching . The decision to give the women 's FA Cup a level playing field to the men 's is an incredibly significant step in bringing the women 's game to the widest possible audience through one of the most exciting spectacles in the annual sporting calendar . ''
FA Women 's Cup fifth-round draw :
Everton v Bristol Academy
Chelsea v Watford
Coventry City v Charlton Athletic
Manchester City v Doncaster Rovers Belles
Millwall Lionesses v Arsenal
Birmingham City v Liverpool
Aston Villa v Sheffield
Notts County Ladies v Tottenham Hotspur
These are some fake Pokémon I came up with , a grass starter evolutionary chain . ( grass ) [ Ketz ( from Quetzalcoatl [ link ] ) + sprig ] They are often kept as pets in tropical areas , based on their calm tempraments and habit of eating pests . ( grass/flying ) [ Ketz + savage ] Many tourists in jungle areas mistake KETZAVAGE 's tail for a tropical flower , and end up being bit . ( grass/flying ) [ Ketz + sage ( the plant or the wise man ) ] Some cultures worship it as a god . It is also known as 'lord of the dawn star'.Their coloring is based on old Aztec drawings of Quetzalcoatl , the feathered serpent . Quetzalcoatl was the Aztec supreme god , and god of the winds . So Ketzavage and Ketzage are grass/flying , but Ketzage can also learn poison moves.All of the starters I 've come up with are based on mythology . Next up- fire ( with nordic mythpokemon ( c ) nintendothese guys ( c ) me
The Revolutionary Guards , the elite Iranian regime 's army , said Saturday they are committed to the slogan `` Death to America , '' chanted at official ceremonies , just days before the 34th anniversary of the storming of the American Embassy in Tehran .
`` The slogan Death to America is the symbol of strength and determination of the Iranian nation against the dominance of the United States , which is an oppressive and untrustworthy nation , '' said the Revolutionary Guards on their official website .
Related stories :
In recent weeks , a debate was launched in Iran on the merits of continuing to chant `` Death to America `` during official ceremonies , while some relaxation occurred in relations between Tehran and Washington since the election in June of moderate President Hassan Rohani .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guards ( Archives )
( Archive photo : EPA )
`` Telephone espionage by the United States government against the people of other countries are proof that you can not trust the leadership of the White House '' , the military group said .
The Revolutionary Guards is a military organization that was founded after the Islamic revolution in Iran in 1979 , and is directly loyal to Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei . It is made up of some 200,000 soldiers and its main role is to protect Iran 's Islamic system .
Hard-liners in Iran have unveiled two new `` Death to America '' songs at the former US Embassy in Tehran , hoping to keep anger high ahead of nuclear talks with Western powers .
They performed the songs Saturday ahead of a planned massive protest Monday to mark the anniversary of the US Embassy takeover in 1979 .
Authorities pulled down dozens of anti-US banners and posters around Tehran last week .
The Imam of the Friday prayers in Tehran , Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami , has said that Iran would continue to chant `` Death to America `` even while continuing negotiations on Iran 's nuclear program .
Conservative groups have announced that the celebration of the anniversary of the US embassy hostage crisis in Tehran on Nov. 4 , 1979 ,
The `` Conquest of the American spy den '' , as it is known in Iran , was a diplomatic crisis between Iran and the US in which 52 Americans were held hostage for 444 days after a group of Iranian students overtook the US Embassy in Tehran . It led to the severance of diplomatic relations between Iran and the United States .
AP contributed to this article
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The union representing workers at Ikea 's flagship store in Richmond , B.C. , says the provincial labour board has found the Swedish retail giant committed unfair labour practices .
In a posting on its website Friday , Teamsters Local 213 says the board found Ikea bargained in bad faith and violated provincial labour law by trying to bargain directly with striking workers through a website posting .
The board ordered the company to remove the website posting and stop paying monetary incentives for employees to cross picket lines .
Union spokesperson Anita Dawson says the company makes billions of dollars a year but refuses to negotiate an end to the lengthy dispute .
A statement issued by Ikea says it does n't agree with the decision and will be appealing .
About 350 employees were locked out of the store on May 13 , 2013 and the union says there 's been no bargaining since last December .
The union went to the labour board complaining the company offered striking employees an extra $ 2.50 an hour , additional weekend premiums and other incentives to cross picket lines on its website .
Dawson says the offer made directly to employees was for more than what was offered during bargaining .
The statement from Ikea 's public relations manager , Madeleine Lowenborg-Frick , said the company feels it 's important to communicate directly through the strike and to answer any questions that they may have in a straight forward and honest manner .
`` The strike has carried on far longer than anyone could have expected . We do not believe this situation is in anyone 's best interest , '' they said .
The Richmond store is one of only two unionized Ikea outlets in the country .
Joe Biden has never shied away from expressing their dislike of Donald Trump and has , on multiple occasions slammed the president-elect for their inflammatory statements . In a recent interview with PBS NewsHour , the out-going vice president once again voiced their opinion of Trump and said that it was time for them to `` be an adult '' .
`` Grow up , Donald . Grow up . Time to be an adult , '' Biden said , criticising the incoming president 's attack of the US intelligence community and health care policy as well as their tweets about President Obama and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer .
`` You 're president . You 've got to do something . Show us what you have . You 're going to propose legislation . We 're going to get to debate it . Let the public decide . Let them vote in Congress . Let 's see what happens , '' they added .
On the matter of US intelligence , they said it was dangerous for a president to ignore the information being given by the agencies . `` I think it 's dangerous for a president not to have confidence in , not to be prepared to listen to the myriad of intelligence agencies from defence intelligence , to the CIA , et cetera , is absolutely mindless . It 's just mindless , '' they said in the interview that aired on 5 January .
Trump has time and again questioned the US intelligence community 's assessment that Russia interfered with the election in an effort to undermine Hillary Clinton . `` There is overwhelming consensus in the [ intelligence ] community , and overwhelming evidence supplied by the community , that Russia did engage in an effort to impact [ the race ] , '' Biden said , adding that it was `` worrisome '' that Trump has been adamantly ignoring this intel . A report on the hacking is set to be released soon and the president elect will be briefed about it by top intelligence officials on Friday .
Following the interview , Chris Collins , a member of Trump 's transition executive committee responded to Biden 's comments , calling them pathetic . `` That 's a pathetic response . I think it 's beneath the Office of the Vice President , '' Collin said on CNN 's The Situation Room . `` It shows just the angst of the loss of this election by ( President Barack ) Obama , Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden . Donald Trump is the adult in the room . ''
Over several millennia , Equestria had lived in harmony with the royal sisters in its lead . With the help of the ponies living throughout the land , prosperity had been kept , but now nature has begun to slowly unravel , weather has begun to act up in unprecedented ways , causing chaos that could put kingdoms around the world at risk . A secret is discovered , that Equestria has been waiting ever since the sisters walked the world , for one who will set things right once more , but at what cost ? Their life was mediocre in many ways , but there was always a dark power over shadowing him , turning their joys into sorrows . Finally , when they had found one last thing that made them happy , would they have to give it up ?
This will be a three act story . I am doing my best to work on the story consistently , and please , this is my first FanFic ever here , so if you see this , I 'd really appreciate comments , ratings , and especially critiques .
Indian-American Raj Shah identified as ‘ West Wing Power Player ' in Trump 's admin
Indian-American Raj Shah , who oversees the White House research operations , has been identified as one of the three ‘ West Wing Power Players ' in US President Donald Trump 's White House , said reports .
Trump 's trusted aide , Hope Hicks , and Eli Miller , who is currently Chief of Staff of the Treasury Secretary , are the other two ‘ West Wing Power Players ' .
Raj Shah . Photo courtesy : LinkedIn
“ These members of Team Trump have navigated internal White House battles and emerged unscathed , ” Politico said .
“ Shah , a Republican National Committee alumnus , oversees the White House research operation . Their team vets people coming to see Trump and works with the White House press office to decide on lines of counterattack to push back on negative news stories , ” it added .
Shah , 32 , is the Deputy Communications Director and Research Director at the White House .
Born and raised in Connecticut , Shah , whose parents migrated to the US in the 1980s , was Director of Opposition Research in the Republican National Committee , before they moved to the White House .
Shah played a key role in digging out all the information about the Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton while heading a team of at least a few dozen researchers . They are also considered as the backbone of all anti-Clinton research during the presidential elections .
Shah has been playing a key behind the scene role in Trump 's White House to correct inaccurate facts in this age of fast-paced social media .
Hope Hicks , 28 , is the White House Director of Strategic Communications .
Eli Miller , who spent last year travelling across the US with Trump and Steven Mnuchin raising money for the campaign , rose from being the head advance man for Mitt Romney in their 2012 presidential campaign to US Treasury chief of staff in just four years . Now they keep the trains running at Treasury and is heavily involved in discussions about tax reform , Trump 's top priority .
Saying that Ivory has quick feet is somewhat imprecise . They can not dazzle from the ankles down without flexible hips and strength through their calves and hamstrings , quadriceps and core . For someone their height , Ivory does not have long legs , which allows them to run with their feet closer to the ground . Watch closely , and Ivory actually runs on the balls of their feet , almost on their toes , so they can change direction .
“ The running backs with quick feet keep their shoulders square in tight spaces , ” said the former N.F.L . running back Robert Smith , who is a college analyst for ESPN , “ and get to the next hole without having to do a hard plant and wide leg separation . ”
They added , “ Chris 's feet come up and down really quickly , and they can cross their feet without losing balance . ”
There is , then , an elegant quality to Ivory 's style , not unlike a heavyweight boxer 's dodging a flurry of punches . They can plow forward into a pile of mush and then bounce outside . Or , if space materializes but not where it is supposed to , they are nimble enough to adjust and find the alley .
A quintessential Ivory run , Shipp said , came in the second quarter of last week 's 34-20 victory against Washington , when Ivory darted right after receiving a toss , cut back across the formation after a hole closed up and then raced down the sideline for 54 of their 146 rushing yards .
Among running backs with at least 80 carries this season , no one averages more yards per attempt than Ivory , whose 5.54 is nearly a full yard better than the closest competitor , their former teammate Chris Johnson of Arizona ( 4.78 ) , according to Pro Football Reference .
For Ivory , many of those yards come after contact , a product of their gift for almost immediately regaining their balance after getting hit . Their forward lean when they run —he presents the front of their shoulder pads to defenders instead of the tops — also makes it harder for them to knock them down . But Ivory sets up those opportunities with their proprioception , how their feet instinctively find space near them where they can step without landing on others .
Watch this bathrobe-clad gamer compete in minus 20 degrees
This ludicrous PR stunt connects Norwegian nature , e-sports and some of the country 's most popular Youtube stars .
Norway is a country of large distances , with a lot of sparsely populated areas and beautiful , but demanding terrain .
That 's why a lot of foreign tourists are surprised to learn that Norway is one of the world 's most technologically advanced countries when it comes to digital media use .
Even in small cabins you often get high speed wi-fi . You can post Instagram selfies directly from the mountaintops , and surf the internet on a 4G connection from most parts of the country .
To illustrate this point , Telenor – Norway 's largest telecommunications company – has pulled off a remarkable stunt , resulting in this one-of-a-kind commercial film .
It features , among others , Noobwork , Alacho and Daniel Lange – people probably unknown to you , if you are over a certain age . They are , however , well-known gamers with a large Youtube following .
Telenor invited one of them to Svalbard , sent another out on a fishing boat in Lofoten , and a third to Røros – all iconic tourist destinations in different parts of Norway . A fourth player found themselves a spot at an Oslo subway station .
Here , they were told to sit – outdoors , save for the subway player – with a laptop connected to the 4G mobile network . The idea was to have them play a game of Counter Strike against another team sitting in comfortable surroundings ( and , crucially , with a state-of-the-art wired network ) at Telenor 's urban headquarters just outside of Oslo .
Ok , so this is a commercial : naturally everything went fine , even if the outdoors team lost the match . Regardless , it is quite funny to see gamers in the unfamiliar surroundings of classic and dramatic Norwegian nature .
Also , it 's a bonus when the gamer sitting in Svalbard – in minus 20 degrees Celsius – decides to wear nothing but a bathrobe . With an armed guard looking out for polar bears …
Here 's the video :
It 's still too early to determine how much effort will be required to whip into shape the elements of Telstra 's copper network that will be used for the National Broadband Network rollout , according to an analysis prepared on behalf of NBN .
The analysis was prepared by Analysys Mason , which was engaged by Webb Henderson on NBN 's behalf .
“ [ T ] here is currently insufficient data available on the condition of the [ copper access network ] CAN to be able to evaluate how much remedial and augmentation work will be required , ” the document states .
“ Depending on the local condition of the CAN , if the extent of remedial and augmentation work is significantly different from what has been allowed for , then this may potentially raise cost issues from both a capex and opex perspective . ”
The analysis was commissioned in support of NBN 's revised Special Access Undertaking ( SAU ) — the agreement lodged with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) that governs NBN 's operations as a wholesaler provider of network access .
The SAU is being revised to take into account NBN 's shift away from solely rolling out fibre to the premises ( FTTP ) within the network 's fixed line footprint .
Instead , the ‘ multi-technology mix ' ( MTM ) model will involve fibre to the node ( FTTN ) , fibre to the building ( FTTB ) and hybrid fibre coaxial ( HFC ) as well as FTTP . ( Fibre to the distribution point — FTTdp — will also potentially be used , NBN has said . )
However , the Analysys Mason document adds that “ as the network roll-out proceeds , further real data regarding the condition of the CAN will become available which may enable nbn to change its strategy to reduce its costs . ”
NBN has previously acknowledged uncertainties around the remediation work necessary for the FTTN rollout . A leaked document ( which led to dramatic Australian Federal Police raids ) showed that the cost of remediation was significantly higher than an estimate contained in the 2013 strategic review commissioned by the government and used to justify the switch to an MTM rollout .
However , NBN said at the time that its updated corporate plan took into account the potential costs associated with the use of the copper network .
The focus of the work by Analysys Mason was NBN 's methodology for determining which type of network technology it will roll out in different areas and the initial design work for the FTTN , FTTB and HFC networks .
“ Analysys Mason believes that the methodology and processes used by nbn for determining which type of MTM network it will deploy in a particular geographical area is prudent and efficient , ” the document states .
The analysis also says that the copper network should , based on data provided by Telstra and NBN modelling , be capable of meeting the government 's download speed targets ( 25 megabits per second to 100 per cent of premises , and , further down the track , 50Mbps to 90 per cent of premises ) .
When preparing the analysis , the terms of reference given to Analysys Mason meant that it did n't assess whether the switch from an FTTP-only model to the MTM model was a wise decision .
Revised SAU
The ACCC today published the revised SAU . The competition watchdog is accepting submissions on the draft revised agreement until 26 August .
“ The SAU provides an overarching framework for the regulation of access to the NBN , ” ACCC commissioner Cristina Cifuentes said in a statement .
“ The SAU currently does not capture the additional network technologies that NBN Co has introduced since the SAU was accepted . NBN Co is now seeking to address this through the SAU variation . ”
Harry Markopolos in September 2009 . ( Haraz N. Ghanbari/AP ) The man who tried futilely for 10 years to expose the largest Ponzi scheme in history has written a book about their failed crusade . `` No One Would Listen : A True Financial Thriller '' ( Amazon.com ) is released March 2 . Harry Markopolos relives their tragic tale , how they discovered Bernard Madoff was a fraud , how they tried for years to get the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate , how no one would listen . Madoff became a national symbol for Wall Street greed . Markopolos , an ordinary-seeming if quirky finance whiz , has been harder to peg . Just why was they the only one to figure it out ? Why did they alone try so hard for years to expose the scam ? Why did n't anybody listen ? Markopolos is embarking on a national media tour to tout their book . He 'll be on `` The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , '' the `` Today '' show , and a bunch of others . WBUR 's Curt Nickisch got the first radio interview with the man who 's still coming to terms with the fact he 'd always been right about Madoff , but it did n't do any good . Here 's the story .
`` I always think of the terrible tragedy . It 's just a hard thing for me to live with . '' Harry Markopolos
It was a cold day in December 2008 . Harry Markopolos was at a Boston-area karate studio , where their twin boys were getting lessons . Their phone buzzed with two voicemails from friends of his . That 's when Harry found out their fight was over , and that their nemesis had surrendered . “ They called to inform me that Madoff had turned themselves in and admitted to a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme , ” Harry says . “ I returned those two calls as quickly as I could , and I felt a tremendous burst of energy and then I almost fainted. ” Harry fell against a railing , grabbed it to hold on . What was racing through their mind was complicated . Vindication , definitely . Harry had known Madoff to be a fraud for almost 10 years . And they had told the authorities again and again . Now they knew — they knew — they were right . But there was also sorrow . For people who were just now finding out -– what Harry always knew would happen -– that they had lost everything . “ Since the news broke on Dec. 11 ( 2008 ) , I have not been able to get a full night 's sleep . I wake up and contemplate it in the early hours of the morning . And I always think of the terrible tragedy . It 's just a hard thing for me to live with. ” But Harry can also live with the fact that they tried . This 53-year-old with brown eyes and a little bit of a comb-over turned something that did n't add up into an obsession . “ Harry was , or is , a math whiz , ” says Frank Casey , who worked with Harry back in 1999 , when it all started . “ And to be honest with you , they were sort of geeky . If you know what I mean. ” “ Really did n't want to have interpersonal skills with other members of the firm because they just liked doing what they did . ”
Harry saw Madoff as a domestic terrorist . Somebody who was undermining the U.S. financial system . Somebody who had 60 billion reasons for not wanting Harry asking questions .
Frank was a marketing guy at the small Boston company Rampart Investments . Harry is what Frank called “ the brains. ” The guy who came up with and managed the complex investment products that it was Frank 's job to go out and sell on commission . “ I saw in them a tremendous power that was sort of untapped , ” Frank says . “ And I figured I could make a buck off of it. ” Frank thought : If Harry could model something on what this bigwig down in New York — this Bernie Madoff — was apparently doing , that would bring in some dough . So Frank made a trip to New York . Got the basic info on how Madoff said they were investing and what the returns looked like . To be honest , it did n't make sense to Frank . But they were like , what do I know ? If Harry can copy this , we 're in the money . “ So I go to Harry and say , why ca n't you do this for us ? And they look at it for five minutes I swear , and they say , this thing 's a fraud . I said , Wow. ” That 's when they knew , all the way back in 1999 , that Bernard Madoff , the respected former NASDAQ chairperson and adviser to the feds , was a fraud . So what do you do with that ? In the financial business , if something does n't smell right , you just stay away . But there 's something about Harry that turned this into a 10-year crusade . Harry In The Army Harry grew up in Erie , Penn . They went to a Catholic school , where the discipline and moral education made an impression . They went on to a Jesuit college on an Army scholarship and served afterward in the Maryland Army National Guard . “ Quite frankly up until that point in my career I had never run into anyone that was that dedicated , ” says Colonel Michael Schleupner , who remembers the first time they met Harry . It was 2:30 in the morning . Everyone else was sacked out . Harry was charging around in a Jeep like it was World War III . “ In addition to being a hard worker , Harry is a very very bright man , ” Schleupner says . “ In fact , in many ways , I often wondered how they wound up in the military . They do n't suffer fools very well . Some people were turned off by the fact that they were very blunt in the way they spoke . I was n't the least bit disturbed about that though , because they always delivered. ” Harry eventually left the Army for a career in financial services -– it seemed like a good fit for their analytical mind . But that military background came out in their growing fixation on the Ponzi scheme .
Harry kept a loaded shotgun in their home office . They assembled a team modeled on an anti-terrorist cell .
For one , Harry saw Madoff as a domestic terrorist . Somebody who was undermining the U.S. financial system . And two , Harry saw Madoff as a lethal enemy . Somebody who had 60 billion reasons for not wanting Harry asking questions . Harry was pretty sure Madoff was taking in some dirty money offshore from organized crime and drug cartels . If they found out Madoff was duping them , Harry says , Bernie would get whacked . “ Madoff had their life on the line and I felt that — to protect their secret — I did n't think I would be long for this world if they discovered what I was doing , ” Harry says . So Harry kept a loaded shotgun in their home office . And assembled a team modeled on an anti-terrorist cell . Their assistant , Neil Chelo , was one member . Frank Casey , the marketing guy , was another . And Frank recruited Michael Ocrant , a journalist who covered the hedge-fund industry . They gathered information in the field . Frank says Harry took point . They were the one who went to the Securities and Exchange Commission . “ Harry carried the heavy sandbags to the SEC , ” Frank says . “ And Neil and I and Mike had scoops , and we 'd dig up sand and put it in the bags for him . Opportunistically . And they would lug them down. ” Harry first chose to go to the SEC in 2000 because that was the proper channel . The agency had the authority to walk right into Madoff 's operation and blow the scheme wide open . The Boston office listened to Harry . But they passed it on to the New York office , which had jurisdiction . Harry says they did n't hear from New York . At first Harry and their team thought the SEC was just complacent . So in 2001 , Mike Ocrant , the journalist , published an article questioning Madoff . Within a week , Frank Casey remembers , the investor magazine Barron 's followed suit . “ Well , Harry , I and Neil were giving each other high fives on Monday morning after Barron 's came out , because we thought the SEC was going to ride to the rescue . Everybody reads Barron 's ! Surely ! Nothing . Nothing . Nothing happened . For months. ” Forget complacent , they thought . The SEC 's just incompetent . The problem was , they had the smoke , but no gun . So they figured : Find more smoke . Put that smell of gunpowder right under the SEC 's nose . Dinosaur Tracks Harry went to talk to someone for advice : Pat Burns , who works for a fraud watchdog group in Washington . They remember the day Harry laid it out for him . Burns got this surreal feeling . “ And it 's sort of like you 're going out and you 're looking for tracks , and you know the old cartoon movie where they pan back and you realize you 're standing in the track , ” Burns says . “ It 's a dinosaur track -– that was the scenario that we were in . Harry was tracking dinosaurs . They were tracking a very big animal . ”
`` And we are in Boston , sort of like the little kid in that story , The emperor has no clothes ! And we 're yelling it , but nobody 's listening . ''
For the first few years , Harry did n't know exactly what kind of animal . How exactly Madoff was making such fantastic returns . They had two theories : either a kind of insider trading or a Ponzi scheme , where investors are paid supposed returns by money coming in from new investors . It was n't until 2002 , when Harry traveled to Europe for business , that they figured out which . They kept meeting money managers , who bragged about having a “ special relationship ” with Bernie . “ And when you hear it the first time , ” Harry says , “ you take it at face value . When you hear it the second time , you get suspicious . And after you 've heard it 14 times in two weeks , you know it 's a Ponzi scheme . '' Harry Markopolos now knew where to focus their team . Whenever one of them would meet , say , a risk manager at some international bank , they 'd ask , What do you know about Bernie ? By this time , Harry had newborn twin sons . They could use the sleep . But he 'd still stay up at night when they were down , to work on the case . In 2005 , they went back to the SEC with their most damning warning ever , in plain English : “ The world 's largest hedge fund is a fraud. ” They spelled out more than two dozen red flags . Common sense signals that Madoff was running a multi-billion-dollar Ponzi scheme . The SEC would n't comment for this story . A report from the SEC at the time reveals it doubted Harry , but looked into Madoff anyway , out of “ an overabundance of caution. ” The SEC found no fraud . The Emperor Has No Clothes One person at the SEC who 's not authorized to talk says some people at the agency got Harry . But they rubbed most the wrong way . And they could n't get past that to really listen to him . Frank Casey can only imagine . “ I mean , you 're telling me , here 's this idiot in Boston who 's a math geek . He 's kind of quirky . They wear an orange shirt and mismatched tie and a math whiz . And he 's kind of got no interpersonal skills -– not real smooth. ” Harry Markopolos testified before Congress in February 2009 about what they saw as systemic failings of the Securities and Exchange Commission . Their advocacy is one way they are trying to make good out of what they also see as a personal failing . ( Susan Walsh/AP ) And then there was the New York-Boston mistrust . Bernard Madoff was a big deal in the Big Apple . They used to run a stock exchange . They sat on advisory boards to the SEC . “ Bernie 's in New York . And everyone kneels down to the emperor in New York , and everyone was afraid to say the emperor has no clothes , ” Frank says . “ And we are in Boston , sort of like the little kid in that story , The emperor has no clothes ! And we 're yelling it , but nobody 's listening. ” The years went on with nobody listening . 2006 . 2007 . 2008 . Frank and Harry and Neil were no longer working at the same company anymore . They could have , you know , fallen out of touch . But Harry would not let it go . Despite their continuing efforts , they totally missed a whole layer to the Ponzi scheme , which , ironically , has become the most public . “ We were not perfect in our investigation , ” Harry says . “ One of the things we missed , and it was pretty obvious –- in retrospect of course , was that Madoff was raiding the temples ! That they were destroying the Jewish community here at home. ” See , Harry and their team had had only really known about the money from wealthy clients at European banks and the private hedge funds around New York City that funneled investor money to Madoff . They did n't know about people like Nancy Robinson , who lived 10 minutes away , in Newton . They had more than a million dollars in an account directly with Madoff . Nancy remembers getting their statement in November 2008 . “ The economy had started to really collapse . According to this statement we had treasury bonds , U.S. Treasury bonds , and I thought , good , smart move , that was really safe ! ” Nancy laughs . They did n't get any more statements after that . The Ponzi scheme collapsed -– could n't raise enough new money to pay off investors who were cashing out . Bernard Madoff turned themselves in on Dec. 11 , when they decided it was time . Harry 's former commander , Col. Mike Schleupner , remembers seeing on the news that a little known Massachusetts finance guy by the name of Harry Markopolos had been trying for almost a decade to expose the scam : “ I — when I heard that they were the one , I could n't help but just smile . There 's something about Harry ... They simply ... keeps coming and coming and coming . They simply do n't give up. ” So far , only one of the victims has contacted Harry to say thanks for not giving up . It 's Nancy Robinson of Newton : “ He was a crusader ! ” they say . “ He wrote how many memos and how many e-mails . Out of a sense of duty , or obligation . Which is astounding . Thank you , Harry ! That 's my message : Thank you , Harry ! ”
< a href= '' http : //www.wbur.org/2009/04/21/nickisch-markopolos-transcript '' > Read transcripts of the WBUR interview with Markopolos < /a >
Kanye West has mostly stayed away from the spotlight after health problems forced them to scrap their Life of Pablo Tour in late 2016 . They were conspicuously absent from their own Yeezy fashion show earlier this year and also passed on attending this month 's Met Gala — an event they never misses . With the exception of a few cameos on Kim Kardashian 's Instagram account , West has n't even been photographed since February .
Well , there may be an explanation for Kanye 's reclusive behavior : he 's apparently exiled themselves on a Wyoming mountaintop where he 's been writing and recording a new album .
TMZ reports that West 's already spent two weeks at an undisclosed Wyoming retreat , and they recently returned for a second session . All the while , he 's deleted both their Twitter and Instagram profiles . TMZ adds that West is “ all about creating music ” and their actions have “ nothing to do with problems at home or problems with their head . ”
The last time West went into exile was following the Taylor Swift-VMAs incident in 2009 . After they holed themselves up in Hawaii for several months , West eventually returned with what many consider to be their definitive masterpiece , My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy . Would it be unreasonable to expect any different this time around ?
Revisit West 's video for “ Fade ” from their 2016 album , The Life of Pablo :
It 's well-known in Washington that the Obama administration is frustrated by journalists who point out their hostile treatment of Fox News and other uncooperative members of the press corps . But what happens when an important official resorts to lies and distortions to intimidate a reporter into retracting a bias claim their boss would rather not be published ?
On Sunday , July 20 , The Daily Caller reported on the tense exchange between John Kerry and “ Fox News Sunday ” host Chris Wallace . “ After months of shutting Fox News out of their Sunday show appearances , ” the report began , “ a downed airliner in Ukraine and an ongoing Israeli invasion of Gaza compelled Secretary of State John Kerry to finally appear on ‘ Fox News Sunday . ' ”
That was the last time that story mentioned Kerry 's consistent absence from Fox 's flagship Sunday program .
So we were surprised when an angry email appeared in this reporter 's inbox the next morning from the private Gmail account of Glen Johnson , the State Department 's deputy assistant secretary of public affairs and a top adviser to John Kerry .
“ Off the record , please . . . ” they began , before upbraiding this reporter for their “ factually inaccurate ” claim that Kerry was ducking “ Fox News Sunday . ”
“ EVERY TIME the Secretary has done round-robin interviews with the Sunday shows , they have appeared on Fox , ” Johnson exclaimed . “ He did so this weekend , on March 2 , on Nov. 24 , and Sept. 1 , when , after six months on the job , they started to doing [ sic ] public interviews . ”
“ We 'd appreciate it if you 'd share this with your editor and correct the record , ” they wrote , after concluding with a screed on how Kerry has “ strived to be fair and balanced ” with Fox News . “ Failing that , we hope the facts — not fiction — will lead to more accurate reporting/ conjecture going forward . ”
Here 's that email in full :
TheDC would have honored Johnson 's off-the-record request — as we honor all valid requests to remain off-the-record — were it not for two crucial points : We never agreed to the request , and Johnson 's facts are just plain wrong .
First , this reporter never agreed to Johnson 's off-the-record request before they sent the email . That agreement is a key part of journalistic ethics well known to anyone who deals with media or has a prior history in reporting — as Johnson does .
Second and more importantly , an off-the-record request gives no one — particularly not a powerful member of government — carte blanche to lie and distort in an attempt to coerce a reporter into withdrawing a factual assertion their department is uncomfortable with .
And that 's what seems to have happened here , because Johnson 's key point against TheDC 's claim — that Kerry appeared on Fox News “ EVERY TIME ” they conducted interviews with the other major Sunday shows — is wholly inaccurate .
Kerry did not sit down with Chris Wallace on March 2 , 2014 , as Johnson claimed . TheDC knows this because we wrote up Wallace 's complaint the very next day .
“ For the record , we invited Secretary of State Kerry to join us today , ” the television reporter noted , angry that the secretary had ignored their viewers just two days after Russia invaded Crimea . “ But although the White House put them out on all the other broadcast Sunday shows , they declined to make them available to us — or you . ”
And Kerry also did not appear on “ Fox News Sunday ” on Nov. 24 , 2013 , as Johnson claimed . A transcript from that date reveals that Wallace led the program with reactions of two Republican senators on the Obama administration 's nuclear deal with Iran . Kerry went on CNN , ABC and CBS — but not Fox .
That means that until last Sunday , Kerry had not been on Chris Wallace 's program since Sept. 1 , 2013 . That 's over 10 months that they appeared on each of the other four major Sunday shows — most of them more than once — but not Fox . What better phrase to describe it than a shut out ?
Johnson admitted their “ mistake ” once confronted . “ Apologies for foisting inaccurate figures on you , ” they wrote in an email response sent from their Gmail account — this time without even linking to their official government address .
They insisted “ there has been no effort to shut out or dodge Fox ” — but offered no explanation as to how a top strategic communications adviser to the secretary of state could have made an assertion so clearly and provably wrong .
It 's a question worth asking , because a media outlet without the resources TheDC possesses could have been confused and browbeaten into changing their lede once confronted with such an intimidating response . It can be scary for a reporter to be told he 's gotten the facts wrong , and doubly so when the accusation emanates from a powerful and authoritative federal agency .
TheDC asked Johnson if this was a deliberately dishonest attempt to bully a reporter into withdrawing a factual claim , but did not receive a response . It 's difficult to believe , however , that a communications professional with decades of experience would so carelessly impugn a media outlet 's credibility without even a cursory glance at the facts .
Last fall , the Committee to Protect Journalists released a report noting that the “ control freak ” Obama White House routinely calls up journalists to quibble over headlines , ledes and story premises . “ Sometimes their levels of sensitivity amaze me , ” said Washington Post Managing Editor Kevin Merida .
Trying to deceive a reporter in order to scuttle a narrative your boss finds troublesome ? That sure fits the bill .
Follow Brendan on Twitter
Apart from Grand Theft Auto , Red Dead Redemption is RockStar Games ' second most successful game . The wild west Grand Theft Auto- based game was released on May , 2010 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . This title received great reviews from reviewers . Since then , PC gamer have been begging on their knees to Rockstar released the game for Windows PCs . The game is so good that there have been also many requests demanding for a sequel of the game .
According to sources from gaming website EMGN.com , Rockstar have been on Red Dead Redemption 2 since June of 2010 . The site also says that the game will be renamed for Xbox One and PS4 , it will not be called Red Dead Redemption 2 . An analyst at Baird Equity Research , Colin Sebastian , stated that the sequel will be announced by the end of this year , and will be likely released in Q3 of 2015 .
Young animals are known to repair their tissues effortlessly , but can this capacity be recaptured in adults ? A new study from researchers at the Stem Cell Program at Boston Children 's Hospital suggests that it can . By reactivating a dormant gene called Lin28a , which is active in embryonic stem cells , researchers were able to regrow hair and repair cartilage , bone , skin and other soft tissues in a mouse model .
The study also found that Lin28a promotes tissue repair in part by enhancing metabolism in mitochondria -- the energy-producing engines in cells -- suggesting that a mundane cellular `` housekeeping '' function could open new avenues for developing regenerative treatments . Findings were published online by the journal Cell on November 7 .
`` Efforts to improve wound healing and tissue repair have mostly failed , but altering metabolism provides a new strategy which we hope will prove successful , '' says the study 's senior investigator George Q. Daley , MD , PhD , director of Boston Children 's Stem Cell Transplantation Program and an investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
`` Most people would naturally think that growth factors are the major players in wound healing , but we found that the core metabolism of cells is rate-limiting in terms of tissue repair , '' adds PhD candidate Shyh-Chang Ng , co-first author on the paper with Hao Zhu , MD , both scientists in the Daley Lab . `` The enhanced metabolic rate we saw when we reactivated Lin28a is typical of embryos during their rapid growth phase . ''
Lin28 , first discovered in worms , functions in all complex organisms . It is abundant in embryonic stem cells , expressed strongly during early embryo formation and has been used to reprogram skin cells into stem cells . It acts by binding to RNA and regulating how genes are translated into proteins .
To better understand how Lin28a promotes tissue repair , the researchers systematically looked at what specific RNAs it binds to . They initially had their sights on a tiny RNA called Let-7 , which is known to promote cell maturation and aging .
`` We were confident that Let-7 would be the mechanism , '' says Shyh-Chang . `` But there was something else involved . ''
Specifically , the researchers found that Lin28a also enhances the production of metabolic enzymes in mitochondria , the structures that produce energy for the cell . By revving up a cell 's bioenergetics , they found , Lin28a helps generate the energy needed to stimulate and grow new tissues .
`` We already know that accumulated defects in mitochondrial metabolism can lead to aging in many cells and tissues , '' says Shyh-Chang . `` We are showing the converse -- that enhancement of mitochondrial metabolism can boost tissue repair and regeneration , recapturing the remarkable repair capacity of juvenile animals . ''
Further experiments showed that bypassing Lin28a and directly activating mitochondrial metabolism with a small-molecule compound also had the effect of enhancing wound healing . This suggests the possibility of inducing regeneration and promoting tissue repair with drugs .
`` Since Lin28 itself is difficult to introduce into cells , the fact that we were able to activate mitochondrial metabolism pharmacologically gives us hope , '' Shyh-Chang says .
Lin28A did n't universally induce regeneration in all tissues . Heart tissue showed little effect , and while the researchers were able to enhance the regrowth of finger tips in newborn mice , they could not in adults .
`` Lin28a could be a key factor in constituting a healing cocktail , '' says Shyh-Chang , `` but there are other embryonic factors that remain to be found . ''
# # #
The study was supported by an A * STAR National Science Scholarship , a Graduate Training in Cancer Research Grant , an American Cancer Society Postdoctoral Fellowship , a National Institutes of Health K08 grant , CPRIT , a Herchel Smith Graduate Fellowship , the Ellison Medical Foundation , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the Manton Center for Orphan Disease Research .
Used : $ 30,000
Here it is . The rarest of rare . By all accounts , NBA Elite 11 does n't even officially exist as a video game . The mobile to console port was cancelled before it was due to release but , in the words of Jurassic Park 's Ian Malcolm , life finds a way , and a few copies of NBA Elite 11 managed to fall into circulation and eventually into the hands of some very lucky gamers . For Xbox collectors , acquiring NBA Elite 11 is certainly possible , but it comes with a major caveat . The only two Xbox copies going have to be purchased as part of a package of five , which together are being sold for $ 30,000 . Basically , you either have to really want NBA Elite 11 , or make do with not having it at all .
AT & T Senior VP Bob Quinn says their company has avoided offering some new services because of worries about violating net neutrality rules . Quinn , head of the telco 's federal regulatory division , provided little detail on what kinds of services AT & T might offer if not for the rules issued by the Federal Communications Commission this year . “ Since the Open Internet Order came out we 've had weekly calls with the business units and literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we 've invested in ... would be a violation of the order , '' they said at the Phoenix Center 's Annual US Telecoms Symposium yesterday , according to Politico . `` We 've had to shelve a bunch of stuff because we 've got to wait and see . ”
AT & T has `` paused plans to offer some new services '' because of legal uncertainty , Politico wrote . While Quinn was apparently light on detail here , they said that AT & T did n't want to be the first carrier to offer something similar to T-Mobile 's new Binge On video streaming program because it was n't clear how the FCC would respond .
AT & T 's claim that it will pause offering new services is reminiscent of its statement a year ago that it would `` pause '' investments in fiber networks because of net neutrality rules . But after the rules were approved , AT & T continued expanding fiber and agreed to deploy fiber to 12.5 million potential customers .
Despite net neutrality , AT & T is already zero rating
With Binge On , T-Mobile exempts certain video services from its data caps , a practice known as zero-rating , while downgrading video resolution to 480p so that it uses fewer data . Customers can turn the feature off , and third-party companies do n't have to pay T-Mobile to have their services exempted from data caps . FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has already called T-Mobile 's form of zero-rating `` pro-competition '' and `` pro-innovation . ''
The FCC rules passed in February prevent Internet providers from blocking or throttling traffic or giving priority to Web services in exchange for payment . There is no outright ban on zero-rating , but the FCC can step in to prevent specific offerings if they `` unreasonably interfere '' with the ability of consumers to reach content or the ability of content providers to reach consumers . Critics of zero-rating say the schemes harm Web services that are n't exempt from data caps .
AT & T has been zero rating content since before T-Mobile unveiled Binge On , with a Sponsored Data program unveiled in January 2014 , shortly before a court struck down a previous version of the FCC 's net neutrality rules . The FCC subsequently re-instituted net neutrality rules using a different legal justification , but AT & T has continued offering Sponsored Data without interference .
AT & T and other broadband providers sued the FCC to overturn the new rules , and oral arguments in the US Court of Appeals in Washington , DC , are scheduled for Friday this week .
Under AT & T 's Sponsored Data , advertisers and other companies have been paying the carrier for exemptions from mobile data caps . Potential expansions of AT & T zero-rating were scrutinized when the company sought FCC approval of its purchase of DirecTV . Consumer advocacy groups asked the FCC to impose a merger condition preventing AT & T from exempting video services from data caps , to AT & T 's chagrin .
Ultimately , the FCC approved the AT & T/DirecTV merger , while barring AT & T from exempting its own online video services from home Internet data caps . The FCC justified the restriction by saying that AT & T 's purchase of DirecTV increased its incentive to limit consumers ' access to online video products by applying data caps in discriminatory fashion .
Fox Business host savaged for claiming `` there are no allegations against '' Trump Maria Bartiromo said comparing Al Franken 's accusations to Trump is `` apples to oranges '' and `` not the same at all ''
Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo made the claim on Friday that `` there are no allegations '' against President Donald Trump , despite them facing accusations from at least 16 women who all have said they sexually harassed them , or engaged in inappropriate conduct .
In a panel discussion Bartiromo and their guests were ripping into Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , who was accused of groping and forcing a kiss on radio host Leeann Tweeded during a USO tour in 2006 .
Advertisement :
Bartiromo then asked one of their guests , Christopher Lu , the former assistant to President Obama , whether or not they agreed with Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-N.Y. , who recently said that former President Bill Clinton should have resigned when their inappropriate relationship with intern Monica Lewinsky surfaced .
Lu explained that Clinton would have likely been `` seen under a different political lens '' if it had come up in the current environment .
`` We say that '' different standards would be applied today for Clinton , Lu argued , but they also pointed out that the infamous Access Hollywood tape about President Donald Trump , and the allegations against Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore , have surfaced .
`` You need to look at this all in a whole , '' Lu said . `` How do you measure allegations with a photo versus allegations involving a yearbook ? What are the standards when you 're looking at a political election versus legal proceedings . ''
`` What do you mean how do you differentiate ? '' Bartiromo shot back . `` There 's a picture [ of Franken ] . ''
Lu pointed out that there are several allegations against Moore and `` probably an equal number that have made allegations against the president . ''
Advertisement :
`` So if they deny the allegations , yet you have other evidence and you have their testimony — I 'm inclined to believe all of the womens ' testimonies , '' Lu said .
`` Just to be clear , there are no allegations against the president , '' Bartiromo claimed .
After Lu clarified that the allegations were from before they were elected president , Bartiromo argued , `` He said during the campaign that was n't true . In fact , did n't they say also that , you know , all of this will come to light and there will be a lawsuit ? I mean… we 're talking about a situation where we have a picture with the guy 's hands on their breasts . You ca n't compare the two , Chris . ''
Bartiromo insisted `` it 's not the same at all '' and it 's like comparing `` apples to oranges . ''
After the segment CNN 's Brian Stelter tweeted that what Bartiromo said was `` really strange '' considering numerous women have alleged Trump engaged in misconduct . Bartiromo then blocked Stelter on Twitter , according to screenshots they published .
Advertisement :
I 've always had a cordial relationship with @ MariaBartiromo . I can only assume that this tweeted observation is why they suddenly blocked me ... ‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/p6PEGTiBGk — Brian Stelter ( @ brianstelter ) November 18 , 2017
They also blocked Huffington Post journalist Yashar , who tweeted that the Fox Business host had `` just erased sixteen women . ''
3 . Wow @ brianstelter they blocked me too after my two tweets above . pic.twitter.com/7gmtpLMcBj — Yashar Ali ( @ yashar ) November 18 , 2017
It 's not clear if their blocking spree continued , but they sure felt the wrath of the Twitter mob .
So much gaslighting , it 's a wonder @ ChrisLu44 survived the carbon monoxide poisoning . ( @ MariaBartiromo , girl . What has happened to you . ) https : //t.co/QaUs9UONLb — shauna ( @ goldengateblond ) November 18 , 2017
I remember when Maria Bartiromo was considered a serious journalist . Would love to see them bring their nonsense and state tv sensibility to 4 pm on MSNBC — Steve Schmidt ( @ SteveSchmidtSES ) November 18 , 2017
According to Sarah Sanders ( and Maria Bartiromo ) sexual assault allegations do n't count if you deny them . So it 's all good . https : //t.co/QLk0bMctru — Joe Remi ( @ JosephRemiB ) November 18 , 2017
Ha ! @ MariaBartiromo blocked me on Twitter after I ripped their inane criticism of @ NFL protests and Colin @ Kaepernick7 . Maria , when some media folks get on your nerves , just do what I do : ignore them . Or mute them . Blocking is just weak . https : //t.co/hwPTBUTXpn — rolandsmartin ( @ rolandsmartin ) November 18 , 2017
Crazy - uh - and what did u say about me ? https : //t.co/H1kgQiXKo6 — Gretchen Carlson ( @ GretchenCarlson ) November 18 , 2017
A reminder that at least 15 women have accused Donald Trump on the record of unwanted physical contact . Listen for the patterns in their stories . # inners pic.twitter.com/thoTR3OyXv — All In w/Chris Hayes ( @ allinwithchris ) November 18 , 2017
Watch the full segment below :
Weight loss consistently ranks as the number-one New Year 's resolution . But what if you 've already lost a significant amount of weight ? Like , 100-plus-pounds significant ?
That 's a good question for any of the women who lost 300 , 500 , or even more pounds on TLC 's My 600-Pound Life , which chronicles the emotional journeys of men and women desperate to save their lives through drastic weight loss . Guests on the show have to learn how to revamp not only their entire lifestyles , but rethink everything they ever knew about themselves—from how they handle upsetting situations to dealing with past trauma to getting help for addictions . Yet despite all the difficulties , they do it , and do it well .
Check out this exclusive video clip from the sixth season of TLC 's 'My 600-Pound Life , ' which debuts Wednesday , January 10 ( at 8 p.m. Eastern time—set your DVR ! ) :
For people who 've lost hundreds of pounds , it 's important to realize that the real work starts after weight loss . “ Our goal at that point is something many weight-loss programs do n't discuss much : maintenance , '' says Tony Stephan , R.D. , C.P.T. , a registered dietitian and ACE-certified personal trainer , who has helped clients lose 100-plus pounds . `` You can be good at losing the weight , but keeping it off over the long term is the important part . ''
So , for someone who has lost weight , and wants to maintain or even lose more , a good New Year 's resolution should be about building on the healthy habits you 've already formed , making sustainable lifestyle changes , and thinking about what you want your health to look like way more than a year from now , they say .
Here , women who lost weight on My 600-Pound Life share how they will continue their journeys in 2018 . We bet their New Year 's resolutions will inspire you to make a few positive changes of your own !
Nikki
My 600 Lb Life/TLC
Starting weight : 649 pounds
Current weight : 240 pounds
`` My goal for this year is to continue on this road to wellness , '' says Nikki , of Little Rock , Arkansas . They recently got married and they see 2018 , plus their 409-pound weight loss , as an opportunity to start a whole new , healthier , life with their husband . `` My main goal is to make sure that good health is a priority in our home , '' they explain .
What does this look like for her ? In the year ahead , they resolve to start planning meals ahead of time , pre-packing healthy grab-and-go lunches they can take to work , and scheduling time in their calendars for regular workouts . The last piece of the puzzle is taking care of their mental health just as much as their physical health , including talking to a therapist , they add .
Melissa
My 600 Lb Life/TLC
Starting weight : 653 pounds
Current weight : 255 pounds
`` My hope for 2018 is not just to exercise more , but to be more active [ outside of structured exercise ] , '' says busy Texas mama Melissa , who has already lost 398 pounds . That means walking to the park with their kids , playing a quick game of tag with them before dinner , or simply choosing to stand rather than sit . It does n't matter whether she 's in the gym or not—she 's going to stay moving .
Great idea . After all , Northwestern University research shows that even women who meet exercise recommendations sit just as much as their non-exercising counterparts do .
This is the easiest way to get more active :
Brittani
My 600 Lb Life/TLC
Starting weight : 605 pounds
Current weight : 185 pounds
`` In 2018 , I want to maintain my healthy weight , but I also want to continue with my counseling , '' says Brittani , who has lost 420 pounds . `` Going to therapy is a very important aspect of my weight loss . ''
As she 's gone through the grueling process of overhauling their nutrition and getting consistent with exercise , the Houston , Texas , woman says she 's learned that health is about so much more than the number on the scale . In fact , it 's about so much more than just their body . `` I believe happiness comes from balancing mind , body , and soul , '' they explain .
June
My 600 Lb Life/TLC
Starting weight : 585 pounds
Current weight : 277 pounds
`` My main goal is to hit my goal weight of 205 pounds , '' says June , of Houston , Texas . She 's already off to a great start . After losing 308 pounds , she 's within 72 pounds of their goal weight . But she 's not just focusing on the scale For her , it 's all about having goals in different areas of their life , including improving their fitness and even their business skills . `` My other goals for 2018 are to walk a 5K race and own another company , '' they add . Bam !
Hey , when you 're vying for long-term success , it 's important to consider everything that empowers you to reach your potential , Stephan says .
( The Slim , Sexy , Strong Workout DVD is the fast , flexible workout you 've been waiting for ! )
Diana
My 600 Lb Life/TLC
Starting weight : 601 pounds
Current weight : 223 pounds
Diana , from Houston , Texas , is down 378 pounds , but she 's still working on losing a few more . Them strategy : deal with their emotional eating , head-on . `` In 2018 , I am going to continue to work on addressing my weight issues with diet and exercise , '' they say . `` But I 'm also going to work on identifying my triggers that drive me to overeat and finding healthier options to deal with them . ''
Diana certainly is n't the only person to struggle with using food as a coping mechanism , and the best way to deal with that is to create small , sustainable changes that turn into healthy habits over time , Stephan says . Soon enough , those will become automatic , replacing old responses .
Christina
My 600 Lb Life/TLC
Starting weight : 708 pounds
Current weight : 175 pounds
Losing weight is only one part of the process of getting healthy and Christina , of Houston , Texas , wants to make sure she 's covering all the bases . Losing an impressive 533 pounds was a great start , but they say that she 's ready for a new challenge in 2018 . `` My goal for next year is to focus on strength training , '' they say . Getting strong is a great goal , Stephan says , as lifting weights not only builds muscle and speeds up your metabolism , but it also increases confidence in your body and its abilities .
In fact , women who lift weights significantly improve their body images , according to a study published in the Journal of Extension . This boost is exactly what Christina craves ; they say she 's done with self-hate and low self-esteem . `` I want to focus on learning to love the skin I 'm in , '' they add . And they should , she 's worked hard for that skin ( and everything inside it ) .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper is scheduled to unveil long-awaited details of a new 10-year infrastructure fund , which Ottawa wants to use to boost private investment in infrastructure and apprenticeships .
The Building Canada Fund was announced last year in the 2013 budget , but municipalities have been left in the dark in terms of how to apply for the money . Mayors have been increasingly vocal of late , warning that the delays in Ottawa risk postponing important long-term infrastructure projects .
Mr. Harper and federal Infrastructure Minister Denis Lebel are scheduled to release those details Thursday afternoon at a museum and community centre in Gormley , Ont .
Story continues below advertisement
The 2013 budget said the fund would be worth $ 14-billion over 10 years and would support major economic projects of national , regional and local significance . It would be in addition to a $ 32.2-billion , 10-year Community Improvement Fund for community infrastructure and $ 1.25-billion for the P3 Canada Fund , which is focused on public private partnerships in infrastructure .
The 2013 budget said the Building Canada Fund would also have a `` P3 screen , '' meaning applicants will have to see whether a project would be a good fit for a public private partnership .
The budget also said provinces , territories and municipalities that receive funding will be encouraged to use apprentices . The 2014 budget expanded Ottawa 's focus on encouraging apprenticeships and training for jobs in the skilled trades .
In September , Mr. Harper and Finance Minister Jim Flaherty held an event with Toronto Mayor Rob Ford to announce a $ 660-million subway extension to Scarborough . The federal government said the money would come from the new Building Canada Fund , but other big-city mayors wondered how Toronto secured money from a program that had not yet been launched .
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi expressed concern on Tuesday , the day of the budget , that there were still no details .
Mr. Nenshi said municipalities were promised they would get the criteria and details about how to apply for the fund so no one would miss a construction season . `` It 's really , really important that the federal government announce the criteria now , '' they said . `` For many municipalities , it may in fact be too late . ''
Mr. Flaherty rejected suggestions that the upcoming construction season is at risk , noting that several billion dollars remain in another infrastructure fund that is about to expire .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` The current program is just expiring ; the new program is just commencing , '' they said . `` So I do n't know why anyone would have expected to get money under the new program before it even starts . ''
With a report from Kelly Cryderman in Calgary
A Senate panel approved legislation Wednesday that would limit the ability of businesses to retaliate against customers who leave negative reviews online .
The bill cracks down on so-called gag clauses that businesses can place in their terms of service that allow them to take legal action against customers who post negative Internet reviews . The legislation is backed by major online review sites such as Yelp and TripAdvisor .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate Commerce , Science , and Transportation Committee signed off on the Consumer Review Freedom Act by a voice vote .
Online reviews containing certain types of information are exempt from the legislation , including law enforcement information and trade secrets .
Committee Chairman John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls : Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth , income Will Trump sign the border deal ? Here 's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump : Funding deal a 'down payment ' on wall MORE ( R-S.D . ) , a sponsor of the bill , cheered the legislation as a boon for consumers .
“ Earlier this month , the committee held a hearing on consumer gag clauses and received compelling testimony about how this practice decreases consumer power and negatively impacts the Internet ecosystem , ” Thune said in their opening statement .
Under the legislation , state regulators and the Federal Trade Commission can police companies for using the gag clauses . Under the bill 's House counterpart sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) , that job falls to the Justice Department . Both bills have support from a bipartisan group of lawmakers .
Before the markup , the Senate panel eliminated a part of the original bill that would have stopped states from paying lawyers working on gag clause cases based , either entirely or in part , on the outcome of those cases .
Washington Capitals defenseman Matt Niskanen remains miffed at how the Penguins handled last offseason 's coaching changes , and they made no secret of it .
“ The organization can say whatever it wants , that it was n't sure what it wanted to do , all that stuff , ” they said . “ But it was ( bull ) .
“ It 's not like Dan ( Bylsma ) was a chump or something , but that 's how they were treated . They won you guys a Cup , you know ? ”
Niskanen left the Penguins via free agency last summer and gets their first up-close look at their old team Saturday at Consol Energy Center .
Niskanen took offense at how the Penguins treated Bylsma and assistants Tony Granato and Todd Reirden .
The Penguins fired general manager Ray Shero on May 16 . Many expected them to fire Bylsma and their staff at the same time .
Instead , the Penguins retained Bylsma , Granato and Reirden until June 6 . On that day , the Penguins hired Jim Rutherford to replace Shero .
Rutherford announced the firings of the coaches that afternoon . Bylsma remains out of work , though the Penguins are paying them about $ 4 million over the next two years , while Granato ( Detroit ) and Reirden ( Washington ) landed assistant coaching positions .
Niskanen said numerous Penguins players were angry by the way the coaches were treated . The coaches , Niskanen said , should have been retained or fired immediately so that they could have pursued work rather than be in a holding pattern .
Niskanen was joined by Reirden and former Penguins defenseman Brooks Orpik in Washington . Orpik and Niskanen signed long-term contracts .
“ The Penguins always treated me and my family in a first-class way , ” Reirden said . “ That said , it was a difficult time this summer with all the uncertainty . You put a lot of time and effort into helping players improve and , ultimately , trying to help the organization win another Stanley Cup . Unfortunately we were n't able to do that . Hard feelings ? No . I 'm just thankful for the opportunity but at the same time disappointed in the decision they made . ”
Orpik , among the most outspoken Penguins during their time in Pittsburgh , chose their words carefully .
“ I definitely have an opinion on it , ” Orpik said . “ But I do n't think it does any good to share that right now . At the end of the day , it 's people running a business . That 's what you always hear . It 's a cut-throat business . I do n't think anything surprises me anymore . ”
Niskanen and Orpik insisted they have no hard feelings and that , on personal levels , were treated well .
“ I was always treated really well when I was there , ” Niskanen said . “ But , you know , I have a real problem with how those guys were treated . A lot of guys on the team were very upset by how everything happened . ”
Josh Yohe is a staff writer for Trib Total Media . Reach them at jyohe @ tribweb.com or via Twitter @ JoshYohe_Trib .
Open Letter to the Vermont Legislature :
Enact a single-payer health care system
Dear Colleague ,
We invite you to sign the following Open Letter urging the Vermont Legislature to enact a single-payer health program , whether you live in Vermont or elsewhere .
Vermont 's lawmakers , concerned about the continuing problems of skyrocketing health care costs and inadequate access to care , will soon receive a report from a consultant on three state-based models of reform , including a single-payer plan .
The state 's new governor , Peter Shumlin , has repeatedly said that they want Vermont to adopt a single-payer program . They report that they have already spoken with President Obama and Kathleen Sebelius , head of Health and Human Services , about Vermont obtaining any federal waivers needed to create its own program . Sen. Bernie Sanders and other political leaders in Vermont have also pledged their support to work for the enactment of single payer .
If Vermont were to adopt a single-payer plan it would set a powerful example for other states and the nation . But its adoption by the Legislature is by no means assured .
We encourage you to express your support for the single-payer model and your solidarity with the people of Vermont by signing the letter below and , if appropriate , indicating that you would consider moving your practice to the state if it adopted a single-payer plan .
In addition to signing the Open Letter yourself , please distribute it as widely as possible among your colleagues and professional groups ( societies , practice organizations , academic units , etc . ) .
We also urge you and your colleagues to support the campaign for single-payer reform by joining or making a tax-deductible donation to PNHP ( donation or membership is not required to endorse the letter ) . You can earmark your donation for the Vermont effort , if you like .
Thank you for your support .
Deb Richter , M.D .
Past president PNHP
President , Vermont Health Care for All
Garrett Adams , M.D .
President PNHP
Quentin Young , M.D .
National coordinator PNHP
Oliver Fein , M.D .
Past president PNHP
Steffie Woolhandler , M.D .
Co-founder PNHP
Henry Abrons , M.D .
Board member PNHP
President , PNHP California
Physicians to the Vermont Legislature :
Enact a single-payer health care system Our health care system is failing . It denies care to millions in need , inflicts economic suffering on our patients and communities , and is increasingly bureaucratic .
Vermont is in a position to do better and to lead the nation out of our health care morass . We urge the Legislature to enact a single-payer health program . Such reform would reap enormous administrative savings by replacing the current dysfunctional private insurance system with a greatly streamlined financing mechanism . Redirecting the health dollars currently wasted on bureaucracy to clinical care would allow Vermont to offer comprehensive care to all Vermonters , eliminate all co-pays and deductibles , and give patients greater freedom to choose their own doctors and other providers -- without any increase in total health spending .
We , the undersigned physicians and medical students , urge you to do the right thing for Vermont and to set an example for the rest of the nation by enacting a single-payer plan .
Sign the letter to the Vermont Legislature
Title Title Dr. Mr. Mrs. Ms. Miss * First name * Last name * Degree or medical student class year ( e.g . MS2 ) Specialty Institution Address * Apt/Suite City * State Select State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Other * Zip * E-mail * Phone Work p hone If Vermont were to enact a single-payer system , I would seriously consider moving my practice there . I can donate time and other resources to the effort in Vermont . Contact me .
* denotes required fields .
One of the oddest things about Australian economics is the market 's continuing desire to believe inflation growth is going to come sooner rather than later and that , as a result , interest rates will also begin to rise . And yet time and time again , the inflation figures disappoint them . The latest low inflation growth figures – even with soaring electricity prices – suggest interest rates will remain stable for some time to come .
Last week was a classic demonstration of just how weakly inflation is growing . The September quarterly growth figures were an unusually solid 0.6 % – the third strongest in four years – and yet the annual inflation growth of 1.9 % remained below the RBA 's target range of 2 % :
It meant that money market investors ( or speculators if you want to be less generous ) were again revising their predictions of when interest rates would next rise .
A month ago the market was fully pricing in a rise in the cash rate to 1.75 % by next August ; now it is barely 50 % sure that such an event will occur :
How would you like to have your financial adviser to tell you they have an absolute sure thing , only for a month later to come back to you and say , “ So about that sure thing , turns out it 's a coin toss ” ?
When we break down the inflation growth into tradables ( items of which the price is mostly influenced by the world market ) and non-tradabales ( items like rents , childcare , education , property rates ) we see that the price of our imports and goods affected by international prices fell , while the prices of non-tradables rose strongly – up 3.2 % , the highest it has been for three years :
Now in times past that might have been a sign that interest rates were about to rise – as that can be a sign that the local economy is heating up , and the RBA might be worried that inflation is about to jump .
But the reason for the strong rise in non-tradable items was n't that the economy is going gangbusters . Rather it was because of one of the biggest political hot potatoes going around – electricity and gas prices .
The ABS noted that the average price of electricity across the country rose 8.9 % in the September quarter and gas prices rose 5.2 % . It means that both are now more than 10 % higher than they were when the carbon price was rescinded in July 2014 – well ahead of overall inflation :
But the rises are not uniform – Adelaide and Sydney have the biggest jumps in electricity prices , while Canberra takes the lead in gas price rises :
And , as the ABS noted , it was due to rises in wholesale prices , rather than as a result of jumps in retail prices reflecting strong increases in demand . In effect , the price rises had nothing to do with the strength or lack thereof in the economy .
It means the RBA 's measures of underlying inflation remain pitifully low .
Both the trimmed mean and the weighted median grew in the past 12 months by less than 2 % – making it nearly two years that underlying inflation has been below the RBA 's target band :
It would fairly stretch credibility to think that the Reserve Bank would be thinking of raising interest rates in such a situation and yet the market continues to believe that stronger inflation growth must be just around the corner .
The continuing low inflation also impacts on wages . Generally wages are “ sticky ” ie they are slow at moving to changes in the economy . And with inflation being low for so long now , it is likely that even should inflation begin to rise it will take some time for wages to follow suit .
The inflation expectations of union leaders remain very low over the next year , with some hopes for improvement to a more average growth of 2.5 % over the next two years :
It suggests wages growth will remain relatively weak , even in spite of improved employment , and that the interest rates rises the market keeps predicting might also have to wait a bit longer as well .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel rejects charges by Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and U.N. agencies that its January invasion of the Gaza Strip inflicted civilian death and destruction on an unjustifiable scale .
An Israeli soldier prepares a heavy machine gun atop a tank before moving towards the northern Gaza Strip January 11 , 2009 . REUTERS/Baz Ratner
Now , some of the Israeli soldiers who took part say they were urged by commanders to shoot first and worry later about sorting out civilians from combatants . Accordingly , they say , the force went into Gaza with guns blazing .
In print and video testimony published on Wednesday by the activist group Breaking the Silence , the 30 soldiers say the Israeli army 's imperative was to minimize its own casualties to ensure Israeli public support for the operation .
“ Better hit an innocent than hesitate to target an enemy , ” is a typical description by one unidentified soldier of their understanding of instructions repeated at pre-invasion briefings and during the 22-day operation , from December 27 to January 18 .
“ If you 're not sure , kill . Fire power was insane . We went in and the booms were just mad , ” says another . “ The minute we got to our starting line , we simply began to fire at suspect places .
“ In urban warfare , anyone is your enemy . No innocents . ”
Israel 's Operation Cast Lead had the declared aim of forcing Islamist Hamas fighters to stop firing rockets at towns in southern Israel .
A Palestinian rights group says 1,417 people were killed , 926 of them civilians . The Israeli army put the death toll at 1,166 and estimated 295 dead were civilians . Israel said 10 of its soldiers and three civilians were killed .
Whole streets in parts of the Gaza Strip were razed to minimize the risk of Israeli casualties from small-arms attacks and booby-trap bombs . The United Nations says Gaza six months later is just beginning to clear 600,000 tons of rubble .
The Israeli military rejected criticism in the 112-page Breaking the Silence report as “ based on hearsay. ” But it pledged in a statement to investigate any formal complaints of misconduct , saying its troops had respected international law during “ complex and difficult fighting . ”
Related Coverage Palestinians ban Al-Jazeera over plot allegations
“ MORAL ARMY ”
Responding to the report , Defense Minister Ehud Barak said in a statement : “ The IDF is one of the most moral armies in the world and behaves in accordance with the highest ethical code . ”
They said any organization with information critical of Israeli military actions “ should bring it to me , as Israel 's defense minister , and to the government that directed the IDF to restore peace and quiet to communities in the south . ”
Soldiers in Israel 's largely conscript army have standing orders not to talk to the media . The report includes testimonies of 30 “ who served in all sectors of the operation . ”
“ The majority ... are still serving in their regular military units and turned to us in deep distress at the moral deterioration of the IDF ( Israel Defense Force ) , ” it says .
Their narratives “ are enough to bring into question the credibility of the official IDF versions . ”
Except for a sergeant named Amir , the soldiers are anonymous and their faces digitally blurred . Transcribed statements can be viewed at www.breakingthesilence.org.il . The group said it had funding from Israeli human rights groups and the governments of Britain , the Netherlands and Spain , and from the European Union .
Soldiers describe a “ Neighbor Procedure ” in which civilians were forced to enter suspect buildings ahead of troops . They cite cases of civilians advancing in front of a soldier resting their rifle on their shoulder .
The report repeats charges — denied by Israel —- that white phosphorus was fired indiscriminately into Gaza streets . It cites “ massive destruction was unrelated to any direct threat to Israeli forces ” and “ permissive ” rules of engagement .
“ We did not get instructions to shoot at anything that moved , ” says one soldier . “ But we were generally instructed : if you feel threatened , shoot . They kept repeating to us that this is war and in war opening fire is not restricted . ”
To strip away cover for Hamas fighters , aerial bombardment , artillery , demolition charges and armored bulldozers razed whole areas including gardens , and olive and orange groves .
“ We did n't see a single house that was intact ... that was not hit . The entire infrastructure , tracks , fields , roads , was in total ruin . The D-9 ( bulldozer ) had gone over everything , ” the report quoted a soldier as saying .
Israeli armoured vehicles move near Atatra in the Gaza strip January 15 , 2009 . REUTERS/Sebastian Scheiner/Pool
“ There was a clear feeling , and this was repeated whenever others spoke to us , that no humanitarian consideration played any role in the army at present . The goal was to carry out an operation with the least possible casualties for the army . ”
Amnesty International has labeled Israel 's actions as “ wanton ” destruction and said it was “ outrageously accusing the Israeli military of war crimes . ”
The Queen Mary , an ocean liner that once sailed the North Atlantic , is now permanently berthed in Long Beach , California , where it 's a tourist attraction and hotel . In one of the rooms aboard the ship , the tradition of ship-to-shore wireless operations is continued and visitors are introduced to the hobby of ham radio .
A young visitor recently got an introduction to Morse code , the system of dots and dashes once used for wireless communication . Amateur radio operators , called `` hams , '' still use it today .
The Queen Mary was the pride of the Cunard Line after its 1936 launch , and is now a popular tourist attraction .
The wireless room preserves the ocean liner 's communications hub . Queen Mary Commodore Everette Hoard said it was a lifeline in emergencies , providing two-way messages -- ship to shore .
“ And not only did they carry several transmitters for transmitting the ship 's business , they also , even in 1936 , had radio-telephone service , ” said Hoard .
Today , volunteers from the local amateur radio club show off old equipment and operate new gear , as they talk to hams around the world .
“ Just chit-chat , back and forth , some of them for hours at a time , many on voice , some of them even on Morse code , ” said wireless room manager David Akins .
Volunteer Kurt Freitag said the wireless station is popular with visitors and hams overseas .
“ When we get out there and say , this is W6RO , our call letters , we get a pile up . People go , that 's the Queen Mary , and they all jump in , talk to me , talk to me , no talk to me , ” said Frietag .
Ham operators help with communications in disasters , from earthquakes and hurricanes to winter ski accidents .
The man who helped create the ship 's ham radio operation , Nate Brightman , said helping in emergencies is an important part of the hobby .
“ That 's the big reason that the government is so nice to amateur radio operators and gives us all these frequencies to use , because we serve the public . It 's a hobby and it 's a lot of fun , but it 's also very valuable to the country , ” said Brightman .
These volunteer radio operators are continuing the heritage of seaborne communication on board the Queen Mary , reaching out to visitors to the ship and radio enthusiasts worldwide .
Share Pinterest
Email
The ambitious British Bloodhound SuperSonic Car project took a significant step forward in the quest to raise the world 's land speed record to 1,000 mph when the machine 's main power unit—a spectacularly forceful rocket engine—was successfully test fired Oct. 3 .
The rocket is believed to be the largest designed in Europe in decades , and its 185-decible noise level is said to be many times louder than a Boeing 747 during takeoff .
Demonstrating the potential is a great boost , but multiple tasks still need to be completed before the 44-foot , 17,000-pound Bloodhound SSC is fully ready for its initial run in late 2013 in South Africa . The rocket was tested to just half the thrust required to hit 1,000 mph , while the pencil-like chassis and body are still a collection of beautifully engineered aluminum and carbon-fiber components scattered around various British engineering shops . Later this year , the chassis is expected to be delivered to Bloodhound 's Bristol technical center in England for outfitting ahead of practice runs next summer .
The first actual speed test will aim for only 800 mph , achievable with the rocket generating about half its thrust , before the rainy season calls a halt to proceedings .
The speedster will be fully operational in mid-2014 for another run , when the Bloodhound crew will attempt to hit the magical 1,000 mph .
Meanwhile , progress for other key details continues on pace , including deciding on a venue : the Hakskeen Pan in the South African desert where a smooth salt flat is being prepared into a 12-mile long test track . Bloodhound looked at dozens of global locations , including the Bonneville Salt Flats ( Utah ) , though Hakskeen had the edge for the quality of its surface .
A driver has been selected , too , although in reality Royal Air Force pilot Andy Green , who has held the land speed record since 1997 when they guided Thrust SSC to 763 mph , was the only candidate . Green , as unflappable and square-jawed as any Battle of Britain hero , will have their work cut out ; the record run will be an adrenaline-pumping 118 seconds , with around 3.6 seconds of those at a peak speed faster than a Magnum 357 slug .
Not only does Green have to fire the rocket and master the forces that follow , including acceleration from 500 to 1,000 mph in just 17 seconds , they must also keep control when hit by a negative 3G braking force—equivalent to a modest car crash—as the rocket cuts out and aero drag slows the Bloodhound to 800 mph .
At that speed they have to deploy air brakes and then operate not-yet-designed wheel brakes for the last 200 mph . No off-the-shelf rotors are capable of surviving at 1,000 mph and then slowing such a heavy object from 200 mph—so Bloodhound must design them from scratch .
Green , 50 , exhibits the coolness required to pull off this tremendous task . Their last record run featured a heart-stopping moment when the Thrust SSC snapped into a slide at 650 mph . Cockpit cameras filmed Green calmly cutting the thrust before applying corrective lock , and powering back up to snatch the record .
But it wo n't all be business as usual for Green , if only because he 'll have to master the behavior of a very different mechanical layout . Where the Thrust had a fighter-jet engine strapped to each side of its fuselage , Bloodhound has three power sources , including a Eurojet 200 engine mounted on top of the main rocket and a 700-hp Cosworth Formula One engine buried inside the bodywork .
All three must work together : the jet engine to accelerate the Bloodhound up to 350 mph when the rocket fires for 20 seconds in two stages , the second at 400 mph to close the gap to 1,000 mph .
The rocket has such a voracious thirst , about nine gallons per second of liquid hydrogen peroxide fuel , that the pump borrowed from a cruise missile needs the 2.4-liter Cossie V8 engine running at 18,000 rpm to deliver sufficient flow .
One question , of course , has to be answered : Why ?
Initially , Bloodhound was triggered in 2007 when the late Steve Fossett was mulling an 800-mph challenge to Green 's Thrust SSC record . Fossett , a recordsetting pilot himself , died in a plane crash over the Sierra-Nevada Mountains later that year .
Still , Green and team leader Richard Noble responded with the 1,000-mph figure , though the mission has taken on a different theme : to expose thousands of children and students to the challenge and excitement of science and engineering . Data sheets and information are free to download from the Bloodhound Web site , and team members will visit many of the 3,300 schools officially following progress . Clearly , this is a record attempt that can be measured in many ways .
This article originally appeared in the Oct. 29 , 2012 issue of Autoweek . To get Autoweek delivered to your door biweekly , click here .
I am a doctoral candidate at the Harvard Graduate School of Education . For nearly a decade , I taught creative writing and literacy workshops inside Chicago 's Cook County Juvenile Detention Center , and now I am writing about the education of young people in prison .
My work as a teacher was rooted in my belief that no young person 's life should be defined by the worst thing they ever did . What I wanted most for my students was for them to understand themselves as more than the labels that had been slapped on them by the police and criminal legal system . They had been told they were gangbangers , thugs , criminals , felons , foster kids , and worse . Very often , the names they called themselves were even more harrowing . I wanted my students to expand their identities to include “ poet , ” “ writer , ” among their list—to expand far beyond the limitations that the drab uniforms of the detention center had imposed on them .
I wanted them to imagine a future like the one Michelle Jones has so courageously forged for themselves by applying to Harvard and other doctoral programs in History and American Studies this year . While serving 20 years of a 50 year sentence in Indiana Women 's Prison , Jones earned their bachelor 's degree from Ball State University in 2004 . As part of a course inside the prison , Jones also began researching the history of the women 's prison in which they were incarcerated .
Without access to Internet and relying on books they got through library requests and the archival papers of the prison itself , Jones published a paper on the “ ladies of the night ” who were held in the prison a century prior . The piece was named Indiana Historical Society 's best research project last year . In addition to this scholarship , Jones became an accomplished playwright , with one of their plays opening at an Indianapolis theater in December 2017 .
Jones had been incarcerated since 1996 for the murder of their four year old son , Brandon . They became pregnant after “ non-consensual sex ” at 14 and was beaten in the stomach with a board by their mother in response . They describe having had a psychotic episode a few years later , which resulted in them committing violence against their child , who died . It 's a horrific and tragic story , and one that they clearly regret . They say now that , “ I have made a commitment to myself and them that with the time I have left , I will live a redeemed life , one of service and value to others . ”
Advertisement
And they have so far succeeded in this mission . According to the New York Times , “ N.Y.U . was one of several top schools that recruited them for their doctoral programs . They were also among 18 selected from more than 300 applicants to Harvard University 's history program. ” Professor Elizabeth Hinton , a Harvard historian of mass incarceration , calls Jones “ one of the strongest candidates in the country last year , period . ”
What more could our legal system ask of a person who made such a grave mistake so long ago ? Them story should have been used to affirm for all of us who work in the justice system that what we most hope for is possible—that young people who have made terrible mistakes ( and who have been victimized ) can grow and change . That their lives need not be wasted . That they can , in fact , become the moral and intellectual redeemers of our society . In spite of these accomplishments , and in spite of having been selected for admission by the History Department faculty committee , Jones 's admission to Harvard was overridden by higher-ups . I was dismayed to read Professor John Stauffer 's comment that , “ we knew that anyone could just punch their crime into Google , and Fox News would probably say that P.C . liberal Harvard gave 200 grand of funding to a child murderer , who also happened to be a minority . I mean , c'mon . ”
Are we left to believe that Harvard is choosing whether or not to admit ( black ) students based on how their admissions decisions will be received by Fox News ? In these times , when white supremacists are in the highest levels of government , the Harvard community should be using our tremendous platform and privileged position to defend the vulnerable and resist racism . I am saddened to see that Harvard has , in this case , chosen to do the opposite .
By turning away Jones , who was apparently among our very strongest candidates this year , what message is Harvard sending to my students about the possibilities for their own futures ? My greatest hope for them was that they would not be erased , locked up , killed , or disappear into the prison system . That they would instead become students , and through the process begin to heal from childhood trauma and build lives as poets , lawyers , historians—that they would use their voices to critique the society they live in , be heard , and create change .
I wish Michelle Jones the best as they begin their doctoral studies at N.Y.U . this fall , but I suspect they do not need my wishes . As they put it , “ People do n't survive 20 years of incarceration with any kind of grace unless they have the discipline to do their reading and writing in the chaos of that place…Forget Harvard . I 've already graduated from the toughest school there is. ” Them rejection from Harvard is clearly our loss as a community of scholars , not hers .
Amanda R. Klonsky is a doctoral student studying educational leadership at the Harvard Graduate School of Education .
CLOSE Floridians Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio clashed for control of the party 's more mainstream wing as the third Republican debate opened in Boulder , Colorado on Wednesday . ( Oct. 28 ) AP
Jeb Bush , center , stands with Mike Huckabee , left , and Marco Rubio during the CNBC Republican presidential debate Wednesday in Boulder , Colo. ( Photo11 : Mark J. Terrill , AP )
BOULDER , Colo. — You know a campaign is in trouble when aides are asked if their candidate might drop out soon .
That 's where Jeb Bush finds themselves following a poorly reviewed performance in Wednesday 's debate .
`` I think we 're in for the long haul and we 're in to win , but I appreciate the question , '' Bush campaign manager Danny Diaz told reporters after the debate , responding to whether Bush would make it to the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1 .
Amid poor reviews of their campaign style and organization — before , during and after the debate — Bush and aides are re-tooling their team and trying to fight off competitors who are looking to poach some of their donors .
The son and brother of former presidents finds themselves trailing `` outsider '' candidates Donald Trump and Ben Carson , as well as protégé-turned-rival Marco Rubio .
A week after announcing campaign cutbacks that triggered more questions about their prospects , Bush campaign officials said they still have large get-out-the-vote organizations in early primary states — including in New Hampshire , which is beginning to look like a make-or-break state for the former Florida governor .
Aides said they also have strong organizations remaining in South Carolina — which holds a Feb. 20 primary — and in southern states that are part of the so-called `` SEC primary '' on March 1 .
Bush world is also relying on the efforts of a well-funded super PAC , Right to Rise USA , aides said . It will finance television ads and may form organizations in Iowa and New Hampshire .
In the short term , Bush aides are playing up a Monday speech in Tampa in which the candidate plans to discuss how the country can break out of what they have called `` the pessimism and decline of the Obama years . '' A bus tour of New Hampshire is also in the works . Bush also picked up an endorsement from former New Hampshire senator Judd Gregg on Thursday .
Looking toward the weeks and months ahead , Bush plans a steady march through the campaign trail , emphasizing their conservative record during their two terms as governor of Florida .
`` This campaign is n't going to be won and lost by debates in October , '' said Bush communications director Tim Miller .
Job one : Hold the donors and supporters Bush already has . Marco Rubio and other opponents may seek to steal them .
`` I have n't spoken to anyone in the last week who is bolting , '' said North Carolina attorney James Cain , who is hosting a fundraiser for Bush at their Raleigh home next week . They said donors like Bush and their record in Florida , but about half of those they talk to `` wonder whether substantive experience will matter come primary time . ''
`` They are really confused '' by a race in which Trump and Carson , two candidates with no elective experience , have dominated the polls , said Cain , who served as U.S. ambassador to Denmark in President George W. Bush 's administration . `` Until that confusion settles , some of them are holding on to their money , including those who helped their father and their brother . ''
Jeb Bush and Donald Trump at the Oct. 28 , 2015 , GOP presidential debate in Boulder , Colo. ( Photo11 : Robyn Beck , AFP/Getty Images )
Cain and other fundraisers interviewed Thursday said they remain committed to Bush for the long haul .
`` He 's a doer not a debater , '' said David Beightol , a Washington lobbyist who is raising money for Bush . `` I 'm supporting them for their record of accomplishments . ''
During the debate at the University of Colorado-Boulder , Bush attacked Rubio for missing votes in the Senate in a move that ultimately backfired . Rubio hit back , citing Bush 's falling polls numbers and telling their former ally : `` We 're running for the same position , and someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you . ''
After the debate , Bush told CNN that he 's not frustrated with the campaign and that they plan to stress their experience dealing with issues people care about . They rejected questions about whether opponents out-performed him .
`` I 'm running for president of the United States , '' Bush said . `` I 'm running with heart . I 'm not a performer . If they 're looking for an entertainer-in-chief , I 'm probably not your guy . ''
Brian Ballard , a Bush donor and Florida lobbyist , said the former Florida governor 's super PAC has the resources to keep the `` long game in play . '' But they said Bush 's decision to slam Rubio , whom they described as well liked in the state 's donor and political circles , was a misstep .
`` It was not the right direction for the campaign for them to attack their friend and protégé , '' Ballard said . `` If that 's the direction going forward , I 'm troubled . ''
Once considered a solid favorite for the nomination , Bush 's campaign has been dogged from the start . At first , conservatives criticized Bush for their support of new immigration legislation and Common Core federal education stands .
In state after state , voters questioned whether a third member of the Bush family could win election to the White House in less than 30 years .
Then came Trump . As they ascended to the top of Republican polls , the billionaire business person made Bush their primary target and repeatedly hit them for a `` lack of energy '' on the campaign trail .
As Bush seeks a comeback , even some opponents are offering advice .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , told MSNBC that `` what Jeb has got to do is show some passion for this job . ''
Also appearing on MSNBC 's Morning Joe , Eric Cantor , a Bush supporter , said the former Florida governor ca n't be counted out given the size of their organization and their field organizations in many states .
Cantor , the former House Republican leader , said `` this is about staying power and this is about having the resources and the people through the early states . ''
Contributing : Fredreka Schouten
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1NbdN0n
Police released this picture of the man ( Picture : CEN )
An asylum seeker who allegedly raped a woman and forced their boyfriend to watch had just been told they were due to be deported .
Days later they allegedly forced their way into the couple 's tent at a nature reserve in Germany and used a machete-like tree saw to hand over their valuables .
They then ordered the woman , 23 , to come outside where they raped her , according to police .
Donald Trump 's ex-fixer Michael Cohen banned from working as lawyer
The suspect was arrested last Saturday in Siegburg after a hiker recognised the asylum seeker from a police picture .
The 31-year-old Ghanaian asylum seeker , who was not named due to strict German privacy laws , received notice from the German authorities ten days before the rape of the young woman that they would face deportation as their asylum application had been rejected .
At the beginning of February , they arrived in Germany from Italy . In accordance with the Dublin procedure , the man had to be deported back to Italy , it being their first entry point into the Schengen zone .
They allegedly attacked the woman at the Siegaue Nature Reserve ( Picture : CEN )
They arrived in Italy on 24th January , with the Italian authorities already rejecting their asylum application on 7th February , after which they escaped in illegality and made the journey to Germany .
Advertisement
Advertisement
German local media wondered why the man had not immediately been deported after getting their notice to leave or when they were first caught in Germany in the city of Kassel for illegally entering the country .
Stinky couple who smelt like vomit , BO and feet break into family 's house to shower
Vanessa Nolte of the Cologne district authorities said : ‘ On 23rd March , they received the order , on 24th March they appealed it . '
The man had until then been living in a central housing institution for asylum seekers in the town of Sankt Augustin to the East of Bonn .
They are now still sitting in investigative custody in the nearby city of Cologne .
Bonn police spokesperson Robert Scholten said : ‘ As well as from the rape , we found a lot of DNA samples at the crime scene , which are clearly from the arrested man . '
Story highlights James Hansen argues that rising global temperatures are fueling an increase in extreme weather
They cite a 2010 heat wave in Russia and last year 's Texas drought as examples
Hansen , an activist , directs research at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies
What do the 2010 heat wave in Russia , last year 's Texas drought , and the 2003 heat wave in Europe have in common ?
All are examples of extreme weather caused by climate change , according to a new study from NASA scientist James Hansen .
`` This is not a climate model or a prediction but actual observations of weather events and temperatures that have happened , '' they wrote in a Washington Post opinion piece meant to accompany the study .
`` Our analysis shows that it is no longer enough to say that global warming will increase the likelihood of extreme weather and to repeat the caveat that no individual weather event can be directly linked to climate change . To the contrary , our analysis shows that , for the extreme hot weather of the recent past , there is virtually no explanation other than climate change . ''
JUST WATCHED Where it 's hot at the North Pole Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Where it 's hot at the North Pole 00:56
JUST WATCHED time-lapse of severe Chicago storm Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Watch time-lapse of severe Chicago storm 00:45
JUST WATCHED Heavy storm damage in New York Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Heavy storm damage in New York 01:04
JUST WATCHED Nye : Huge ice melt proves climate change Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Nye : Huge ice melt proves climate change 01:58
The study , which was published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , looks at the past six decades of global temperatures and finds what Hansen described as a `` stunning '' rise in the frequency of extremely hot summers .
It compared what is happening now to what was happening between 1951-1980 . In those years , extremely hot temperatures covered less than 0.2 % of the planet . Now , those temperatures cover about 10 % of the land area , the study said .
It dismissed the idea that specific weather patterns are by themselves sufficient to explain today 's extreme anomalies . Phenomena like La Nina have always been around , but large areas of extreme warming have only come about with climate change , the study said .
`` The odds that natural variability created these extremes are minuscule , vanishingly small . To count on those odds would be like quitting your job and playing the lottery every morning to pay the bills , '' wrote Hansen .
Hansen directs research at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York and is a longtime environmental activist .
The marijuana industry could be a giant in the making .
According to a 2014 report from GreenWave Advisors , a research firm for the up-and-coming marijuana industry , if all states and the federal government were to legalize recreational and medicinal marijuana , it would be a $ 35 billion industry by 2020 . Even if this scenario seems unlikely , GreenWave predicts that by 2020 the marijuana industry will expand to become a $ 21 billion market , with 37 states in total legalizing the product for medicinal purposes , and 12 states legalizing marijuana for recreational , adult use .
But , despite all this promise , the marijuana industry is nothing if not nascent and unproven .
Are marijuana prices primed to plummet ?
A new report issued this past week from research firm Convergex , and as noted by Bloomberg , highlights a number of interesting price and traffic comparisons on a year-over-year basis when it comes to Colorado 's marijuana industry .
As you 'll recall , Colorado and Washington were the first two states to legalize marijuana across the board , with their voters approving each states ' individual measure in 2012 and implementing the law in 2014 . Thus , Colorado and Washington represent the very important `` guinea pigs , '' if you will , to the experiment of legalizing marijuana .
Based on Convergex 's data , which it obtained by interviewing legal shop owners , the price per 1/8th of an ounce of marijuana has been plummeting on a year-over-year basis . At the midpoint , the average price of an 1/8th of an ounce currently sits at $ 37.50 , while an ounce sells for $ 275 at the midpoint . Comparatively , this is down 38 % and 21 % , respectively , since last June . Convergex cites an increase in competition and the maturation of the marijuana industry as reasons for the declining price per ounce .
Yet , that was n't all . Convergex also notes that while visitors to legal marijuana stores have generally remained consistent ( 100 to 300 visitors per day ) , the average amount they 're spending per visit has dropped by about half , to $ 50 from $ 100 . Convergex surmises that there are two reasons why total sales amounts are trending lower . These include a marijuana tax holiday on Sept. 16 where the states ' 10 % sales tax will be removed , which could be prompting consumers to hold off on making larger purchases until that date , and that the novelty of being able to buy marijuana legally could be wearing off -- perhaps even among tourists , who make up a significant portion of recreational buyers .
Why marijuana price data is worth watching
While monitoring marijuana prices might seem pointless , it actually serves an important purpose for potential investors in marijuana stocks .
For example , most research firms seem to agree that the marijuana industry is only going to increase in size over the coming years . Colorado 's own legislative forecasts call for its marijuana industry to grow from $ 699 million in 2014 to approximately $ 1 billion in retail value by 2016 . However , falling prices could change the dynamics of the business entirely .
On one hand , falling prices could very well increase demand for marijuana . Just as with any product , consumers are picky about their spending and would much prefer to feel like they 're getting a good deal . With the `` novelty '' of buying marijuana wearing off for some consumers , they very well may be more choosey about where they purchase their marijuana . However , if prices are falling , volume would presumably be expected to climb . It 's a bit tough to tell if that will happen given the marijuana sales tax holiday on Sept. 16 and both consumers and growers likely waiting to make big buys on that day , but economics 101 would tell us that volume should improve .
But , lower prices can also affect business margins , which is another reason why it 's important to keep your eye on marijuana pricing . Low prices can be indicative of increasing competition , or even the commoditization of an item if the supply has grown too large . In Colorado , it does n't appear that supply is necessarily the issue , but costs for growers and retail shops are certainly worth monitoring since falling marijuana prices can have a direct impact on their profitability .
Econ 101 would suggest that unless volume can grow to outpace the decline in marijuana prices , and thus margins , the market value estimates suggested by GreenWave Advisors , the Colorado legislature , and other research firms , could be too optimistic . It also could mean that states may see less in tax revenue collection from the sale of marijuana as time progresses .
Finally , we still do n't have much of a clue how the black market will play into legal marijuana pricing . According to Colorado state , only 60 % of marijuana sold last year was done so in legal shops . The remainder is sold on the black market , where prices are n't very transparent . It 's difficult to predict how this black market will affect legal marijuana sales , even with Colorado 's plan to lower its state sales tax from 10 % to 8 % in 2017 .
This has `` avoid '' written all over it
What investors need to be able to do when evaluating the marijuana industry is to separate their emotions and American 's perception of marijuana from the actual business model of marijuana companies . In other words , think of the marijuana industry as you would any other business .
Generally speaking , falling prices to the tune of 21 % to 38 % on a year-over-year basis is very worrisome . It typically means tighter margins , falling profits , and it could squeeze some growers or retailers out of the picture . It also means the profit ceiling for marijuana companies is likely shrinking .
Until we get past the Sept. 16 tax holiday in Colorado and get more data to work with on pricing in other legal states ( which could take a few years ) , it could be tough to tell where the true floor for marijuana prices really is . And , if we ca n't ascertain whether marijuana will be a profitable industry a few years from now , then it 's probably not worth your investment dollars .
You knew . You all knew . You knew the whole time who and what Donald Trump is .
You heard every terrible thing they said . You watched every inexcusable thing they did . You knew Trump is a race-baiting , xenophobic , misogynistic , authoritarian con man . You knew about their insatiable appetite for power , their bottomless need for affirmation , their dangerous impulsiveness and uncontrollable temper . You knew they were a huckster who ruined businesses and lives . You knew they debased your party , and you personally . You knew .
You knew they waged a racist campaign against the president 's legitimacy . You knew they called immigrants rapists . You knew they advocated forbidding Muslims from American soil . You knew they said a federal judge was n't qualified because Mexican blood flowed through their veins . You knew they besmirched the parents of a dead soldier . You knew they mocked prisoners of war . You knew they courted white supremacists . You knew they admire dictators . You knew they incited violence . You knew they lie ― blatantly , shamelessly , ceaselessly .
You knew all of that , and you asked Americans to elect them president anyway . Shame on you . You knew .
Your condemnations are and have always been empty . Your sudden rush to abandon Trump ― after what 's merely the most recently uncovered manifestation of their hatred for women ― is motivated by the same venal cowardice that led you to support them in the first place .
You knew Hillary Clinton is n't the monstrous caricature you spent decades depicting . You knew they are ― like each and every one of you ― an ordinary politician , in all the ways that word has positive and negative connotations . You knew they would govern in a perfectly normal way .
You knew this , but you told voters they were more dangerous than Trump . More evil . A greater threat to the republic . And this , after so many of you spent the presidential primary campaign warning the U.S. that Trump is exactly who they appear to be . But you fell in line . You knew , and you endorsed them anyway .
You did all of this in service of ideology . You did this because you believe Trump will enact the policies you favor to allow businesses to pump more pollution into our air and water , to take away food and medicine from the neediest among us , to disenfranchise minority voters , to slash taxes for the rich .
Your voters elevated Trump nearly to the White House , and they may yet make it there , in spite of everything . They did so because you have primed them for Trump for more than half a century . Half a century of barely concealed appeals to racism , of fomenting fear and hatred and coaxing the worst instincts out of enough voters to gain power . Years of nurturing ― on AM radio and cable TV and the internet ― a propaganda machine that encourages ignorance , mistrust and anger .
You have lost control of the golem you created .
You made promises you knew you could n't keep , and your voters finally lost faith in you . Now , they 're turning on you .
They follow a man who does n't even share your beliefs . You 're learning just how little those voters cared about conservatism and how very much they cared about stomping their boots on the throats of people who do n't look like them or love like them or think like them . You made this possible by making villains out of African-Americans , Latinos , LGBTQ people , the poor .
When this is all over , you may win your own re-elections . You may retain control of Congress and of governors mansions , state legislatures , county councils and school boards all across the nation . You may sigh in relief that you survived . You may even ― and not terribly long from now ― regain the presidency and resume carrying out your agenda . Your own careers may be successful .
But history will condemn you . History wo n't forget your cravenness . Because you knew .
HUFFPOST READERS : What 's happening in your state or district ? The Huffington Post wants to know about all the campaign ads , mailers , robocalls , candidate appearances and other interesting campaign news happening by you . Email any tips , videos , audio files or photos to scoops @ huffingtonpost.com .
Editor 's note : Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar , rampant xenophobe , racist , misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S .
NIKISHINE , Ukraine/BUDAPEST ( Reuters ) - Russian President Vladimir Putin told Kiev to let its soldiers surrender to pro-Russian rebels , who spurned a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine and fought their way on Tuesday into the town of Debaltseve , encircling thousands of government troops .
A peace deal reached at all-night talks in the Belarussian capital Minsk last week had all but unravelled , with both sides failing to begin pulling back heavy guns as required after the rebels refused to halt their advance .
Putin , whom Western countries accuse of directing the rebel assault with Russian soldiers and weapons , said Kiev should allow its soldiers to surrender to the advancing rebels .
`` I hope that the responsible figures in the Ukrainian leadership will not hinder soldiers in the Ukrainian army from putting down their weapons , '' Putin said .
`` If they are n't capable of taking that decision themselves and giving that order , then ( I hope ) that they wo n't prosecute people who want to save their lives and the lives of others . ”
They added that they hoped the rebels would allow the Ukrainians to return to their families , once they had surrendered the town .
Reuters journalists near the snowbound frontline said artillery rounds were rocking Debaltseve every five seconds and black smoke was rising skywards as Grad rockets pounded the town .
The rebels say the ceasefire announced last week does not apply at all to the main battle front at Debaltseve , a railway hub in a pocket between the two main rebel-held areas .
`` SURRENDER TALKS ''
`` Eighty percent of Debaltseve is already ours , '' said Eduard Basurin , a rebel leader . `` A clean-up of the town is under way . ''
They later said negotiations were under way for 5,000 Ukrainian troops to surrender . `` Hundreds '' had been captured and would eventually be released to their families . Ukraine denied that the number of captives was that high .
Despite Putin 's public call for a surrender , Russia sponsored a resolution adopted by the U.N. Security Council that called on all sides to implement the truce agreement , expressing `` grave concern '' at the violence .
Putin was visiting Hungary on Tuesday , their first bilateral trip to an EU country since last July , when Moscow was left isolated after a Malaysian airliner was shot down over rebel-held territory with what Western countries say was a Russian-supplied missile .
Hopes that the deal reached last Thursday would end a conflict that has killed more than 5,000 people were always low after a rebel advance in January ended an earlier truce .
But Western countries appeared surprised that the rebels had refused even to pay lip service to the ceasefire at Debaltseve .
Russia has already annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula , and Western countries believe Putin 's goal is to establish a `` frozen conflict '' in eastern Ukraine , gaining permanent leverage over a country of 45 million people seeking integration with Europe .
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called the rebel assault on the town a cynical attack on the Minsk agreement .
U.S. `` GRAVELY CONCERNED ''
Kiev 's military denied that the town , which had a peacetime population of 25,000 but is now a bombed-out wasteland , had fallen , but acknowledged losing some of it .
Kiev and NATO say the rebel assault on Debaltseve is being reinforced by Russian tanks , artillery and soldiers . Moscow denies that it has sent its forces to participate in the battle for a region that Putin has dubbed `` New Russia '' .
Washington said it was `` gravely concerned '' by the fighting and was monitoring reports of a new column of Russian military equipment heading to the area .
The United States has been considering sending weapons to aid Kiev , although the State Department said on Tuesday getting into a proxy war with Russia was not in the interests of Ukraine or the world . Putin said they believed foreign weapons were already being supplied to Kiev .
EU foreign policy chief Francesca Mogherini said Tuesday 's battles were `` not encouraging '' but added : `` As long as there is a signed deal to which the parties still refer as something that needs to be implemented , I will not say that there is a failure . ''
The fighting meant both sides had spurned Tuesday 's deadline to being withdrawing heavy guns from the frontline . Kiev says it can not pull back as long as the rebels continue their advance .
Military trucks and tanks came and went in the largely destroyed village of Nikishine as the rebels pounded nearby Debaltseve with rockets , heavy artillery and mortar bombs .
`` We 'll take Debaltseve . It will all be ours . Our homeland will remain our homeland , '' said a rebel tank operator who gave their name only as Bass , their nom de guerre .
Observers from the OSCE security group , delegated to monitor the ceasefire under last week 's agreement , have been kept out of Debaltseve by the rebels .
`` We do not have the right ( to stop fighting for Debaltseve ) . It 's even a moral thing . It 's internal territory , '' said Denis Pushilin , a senior separatist figure . The goal would be `` destroying the enemy 's fighting positions '' .
( Additional reporting by Pavel Polityuk , Natalia Zinets , Alessandra Prentice and Richard Balmforth in Kiev , Polina Devitt in Moscow and Madeline Chambers in Berlin ; Writing by Peter Graff ; Editing by Kevin Liffey )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Hello , I 'm Eric Sessler and my project is to compose a new work for solo guitar commissioned by one of the most supremely talented classical guitarists around today Jason Vieaux . Jason will give the premiere performance and then this new piece will be available to guitarists everywhere .
But I need your help . I have written innovative works for a variety of instrumental and vocal combinations , but I have always drawn special inspiration from the guitar . My latest compositions for string quartet and concertos for flute and organ have explored exciting new directions and I 'm eager to use this new energy for this commission from Jason Vieaux .
Your contribution to this kickstarter campaign will allow me to complete this project and make this new music available to performers and audiences everywhere . If you care about great music , join this project to make this new music a reality !
Brief History & Work Sample
In 1997 , Astral Artists asked me to write a piece for an exciting new guitarist Jason Vieaux . The result was Sonata No.1 which Jason went on to perform across the United States and abroad . This composition is published by Les Productions d'OZ in Canada .
Sonata No . 1
Here is a sample of Jason performing the third movement live at The Juilliard School in 1998 .
Now in 2014 , Jason and I both teach together at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia and this project represents our first chance to collaborate together again since the 1990 's .
Brief Biographies
Jason Vieaux
“ Among the elite of today 's classical guitarists ” ( Gramophone ) , is the classical guitarist that goes beyond the classical . They have earned a reputation for putting their expressive gifts and virtuosity at the service of a remarkably wide range of music , and their schedule of recital , concerto , chamber music , teaching and recording commitments is distinguished with return engagements throughout the U.S. and abroad .
Vieaux 's solo recitals have been a feature at every major guitar series in North America , as well as many of the important guitar festivals in Asia , Australia , Europe , and Mexico .
Eric Sessler
“ [ His music ] was full of reverberations and refractions on optimism and sincerity , and the same kind of American vibe that infused Barber. ” -The Philadelphia Inquirer
“ Eric Sessler may prove to be the American composer of their generation capable of linking together the contrasting strains of post-romantic melody and harmony with the post-modern manipulations of Steve Reich , Phillip Glass , John Adams and others. ” -Broad Street Review
Eric Sessler 's distinctive compositions are an accessible and highly engaging blend of classical music infused with elements drawn from popular music . Their novel creative methods utilize the guitar as a conduit for creativity-the result being adapted and manipulated to form music from solo to chamber , vocal and orchestral works .
Among the performers and ensembles to commission works from Eric Sessler are Jason Vieaux , Alan Morrison , the Syrinx Trio ( Roberto Diaz , Elizabeth Hainen & Jeffrey Khaner ) , the Dover Quartet , the duo of Bonita Boyd and Nicholas Goluses , the Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra , and the Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia .
An unnamed U.S. law firm was caught up in the global surveillance of the National Security Agency ( NSA ) and its overseas partners in Australia , according to a story in the New York Times .
A top secret document obtained by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden shows the firm was monitored while representing a foreign government in trade disputes with the United States , according to the paper .
The government of Indonesia retained the law firm for trade talks , which were under surveillance by the Australian Signals Directorate , said the report , citing the February 2013 document .
The Australian agency notified the NSA that it was conducting surveillance of the talks , including communications between Indonesian officials and the U.S. law firm and offered to share the information , according to the Times .
The Australians said that `` information covered by attorney-client privilege may be included '' in the intelligence gathering , according to the document , which the Times described as a monthly bulletin from an NSA liaison office in Canberra , Australia .
The law firm was not identified in the document , but Mayer Brown , a Chicago-based firm with a global practice , was then advising the Indonesian government on trade , the Times said .
A Mayer Brown spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment .
The Times report quoted Mayer Brown lawyer Duane Layton , who was involved in the trade talks , as saying that they did not have any evidence that they or their firm had been under scrutiny by Australian or U.S. intelligence agencies .
`` I always wonder if someone is listening , because you would have to be an idiot not to wonder in this day and age , '' they told the Times . `` But I 've never really thought I was being spied on . ''
Commenting on the report , Kent Zimmermann , a consultant at law firm consulting firm Zeughauser Group , told Reuters :
`` It was only a matter of time before this happened to a U.S. law firm and was publicly reported ... There is a widely held perception that U.S. law firms are the soft underbelly of corporate America when it comes to vulnerability of spying and hacking . ''
Henry Sias went into law because they needed a practical career where they could “ go to the dentist every year. ” Now , the 40 year-old attorney and co-founder of Philadelphia Lawyers for Social Equity could become the first openly transgender man in the country to become a judge . While there are two openly transgender women judges in the U.S. , “ the first transgender male judge to serve on the bench would make history , ” Eric Lesh , Fair Courts Project Director for Lambda Legal , told HuffPost .
But first , Sias must advance in the May 16 Democratic primary for a seat on Court of Common Pleas , Pennsylvania 's trial court . Their bid comes at a time when states are debating the rights of transgender people in public spaces , and as the Trump administration walks back protections for transgender students . “ It would be a momentous step in achieving a judiciary that reflects Pennsylvania and the nation , ” Lesh added .
HuffPost recently chatted with Sias about their path from Michigan , where they attended five different elementary schools in six years after their family lost their home , to running for public office in Philadelphia .
The Huffington Post : Why should Philadelphians vote for you to be a judge ? Henry Sias : I have many years of experience working directly with judges and justices , and I understand the First Judicial District from the inside . I learned from some of the finest trial judges in Philadelphia . I will take that experience directly to the bench . I also think that Philadelphians can and should send the message that transgender people belong in Philadelphia , and we belong in Philadelphia 's government . My experiences in the courts and in co-founding one of Philadelphia 's most successful legal nonprofits of the last decade show me to be someone who will continue to work to improve our courts and maintain them as safe , democratic spaces where citizens can tell their truths , and with those truths , change our community for the better .
A lot of the coverage of this race has focused on your gender identity . How have you felt about that ?
When you want to get on the ballot , you have to spend two weeks kind of running around the city getting people to sign your petition — your nomination . And , nobody really likes being approached on a sidewalk by somebody . You 're already starting off in an awkward position . And , then you say , “ Hey , I 'm trans and I 'm trying to become a judge. ” It ca n't get more awkward from there . Philadelphians were really wonderful during the petition period . They were very nice to me . A couple of guys asked , “ Well , why does it matter that you 're trans ? ” Like , “ why are you bringing this up ? ” And , about that I would say two things . First , in the age of Google , you do n't have the option not to . You can either control how it comes out or you can let somebody else control it . So , it 's better , from my perspective , to have some control over how it comes up because I know it 's going to .
But , everybody deserves representation in government . And , I think it would be helpful to the other judges to have a colleague who can be a resource if , for instance , they have somebody in their courtroom , maybe someone who 's genderqueer . They 're not necessarily going to know how best to keep the space respectful for that person . They can come to me and I can be a resource . So , that 's just one of the many reasons why we need all sorts of people involved in government .
Right now , transgender people experience a lot of employment discrimination . So , I think it would be very powerful for Philadelphia to elect somebody into government who 's out and who 's trans , because it sends the message that the city , the people in the city understand that trans people belong in the city , we belong in our community .
How do you think having more trans and queer people working within the judicial system could have an impact on various kinds of laws , like HB2 in North Carolina , where the underlying sentiment is to remove trans people from public life ?
Trying to exclude systematically a group of people from public life is the same way that aggressive catcalling is often part of the sort of systematic attempt to make women feel unsafe in public life , to make them feel that they should n't be out in public life unless they have a guy with them . We think of ourselves as being this open democratic place , but when you have people who feel fear when they leave their house that 's not so open and democratic . So , we need to do everything we can to push back against that culture .
So , I would love to participate in my own little way , in pushing back against the narrative that transgender people are basically liars . That we are deceiving others . Obviously that has implications all over the place but in the court system , when your participation is often about whether you 're telling the truth , whether you 're a reliable narrator of your own experience , it 's important to push back and eliminate the idea that transgender people are sort of fundamentally false or that we 're not reliable narrators because of who we are and what happens to us . So I think having transgender people involved in the legal system in the courts in government helps to push back against that systemic discrimination .
Have you thought about what the visibility that would be gained if you were elected would mean for young trans people across the country who , if they saw you as a judge , could say to themselves , “ Wow , that 's an option for me ” ?
I think it 's really , really important that we have people who are trans , who are visible , and who can demonstrate to younger trans people that there is a great future out there for them . That we are loved , that we can contribute to our communities and have our contributions seen and appreciated .
But , there needs to not be any limit to their ambitions for their future . It used to be that even parents who did not think of themselves as at all homophobic or transphobic would sort of go through a grieving period when their kid came out because they would think ‘ Oh , now my kid is not going to be loved . Now , my kid is never going to have someone in their life to take care of them or they 're not going to have the opportunity to spread their wings and have this beautiful career that they were n't taught they were going to be able to have . ' But , that 's not true anymore . The more we can show people that that 's not true , the better .
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Cinema workers celebrating victory in a campaign to adopt the London Living Wage were today hit by news that around a quarter of the workforce is now facing the sack .
Picturehouse Cinemas said that the cost of increasing basic wages at the Ritzy Cinema in Brixton to £8.80 an hour would be absorbed by reducing the number of staff by at least 20 , with a redundancy programme starting next month .
Two management posts will be axed along with eight supervisors , three technical staff and other front-of-house workers from its workforce of 93 .
BECTU , the union that represents cinema staff , today described the move which follows a year of strikes and negotiations as a “ kick in the teeth ” .
The union is now preparing to ballot its workers on a further round of strikes at the popular arthouse cinema .
The campaign garnered high-profile support from film-maker Ken Loach and prompted boycotts .
An agreement was reached with BECTU last month to rise to near that amount , but there was further concern over backdating pay .
Bectu official Willy Donaghy today said further strikes were “ possible ” and was set to meet members later today .
They said : “ The duplicity of these people knows no bounds . What they have done as soon as the deal was implemented is to employ an individual with a reputation for being a ‘ union blaster ' .
“ This is payback , without a doubt . I expect our members to be totally outraged by this . ”
Campaigners claim the Ritzy is the most successful art-house cinema in the UK and is owned by Picturehouse Cinemas , part of Cineworld , which is the largest cinema chain in Europe and has revenues of more than £400m .
Workers posted on Facebook : “ This is nothing short of pure vindictive retaliation because we the workers showed that with determination and collectively , we could effect change to make our lives that tiny bit more comfortable . ”
A Picturehouse spokesperson said the chain was looking at staff changes to save money after the pay deal was agreed last month .
A spokesperson said : “ The staff at The Ritzy recently agreed a pay package with Picturehouse Cinemas , which includes substantial pay increases across four years .
“ During the negotiation process it was discussed that the amount of income available to distribute to staff would not be increasing , and that the consequence of such levels of increase to pay rates would be fewer people with more highly paid jobs . ”
In a letter sent to staff from Picturehouse Cinemas said : “ There are currently 93 staff employed at the Ritzy .
“ It is anticipated that the redundancies will occur within a period of 90 days beginning towards the end of November . This will mean that more than 20 posts may be made redundant . ”
When asked about tearful episodes , most people , as expected , insist that the crying allowed them to absorb a blow , to feel better and even to think more clearly about something or someone they had lost .
At least that 's the way they remember it — and that 's the rub , said Jonathan Rottenberg , a psychologist at the University of South Florida and a co-author of the review paper . “ A lot of the data supporting the conventional wisdom is based on people thinking back over time , ” they said , “ and it 's contaminated by people 's beliefs about what crying should do . ”
Just as researchers have found that people tend , with time , to selectively remember the best parts of their vacations ( the swim-up bars and dancing ) and forget the headaches , so crying may also appear cathartic in retrospect . Memory tidies up the mixed episodes — the times when tears brought more shame than relief , more misery than company .
In a study published in the December issue of The Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology , Dr. Rottenberg , along with Lauren M. Bylsma of the University of South Florida and Ad Vingerhoets of Tilburg University in the Netherlands , asked 5,096 people in 35 countries to detail the circumstances of their most recent crying episode . About 70 percent said that others ' reactions to their breakdown were positive , comforting . But about 16 percent cited nasty or angry reactions that , no surprise , generally made them feel worse .
Given that the most obvious social function of crying is to rally support and sympathy , the emotional impact of the tears depends partly on who is around and what they do . The study found crying with just one other person present was significantly more likely to produce a cathartic effect than doing so in front of a larger group . “ Almost all emotions are , at some level , directed at others , so their response is going to be very important , ” said James J . Gross , a psychologist at Stanford .
Photo
The experience of crying also varies from person to person , and some are more likely than others to find catharsis . In laboratory studies , psychologists induce crying by showing participants short clips of very sad movie scenes , like from “ The Champ ” or “ Steel Magnolias. ” Those who break down — typically about 40 percent of women , very few men — then report directly on the experience . These kinds of studies , though no more than a simulation of lived experience , suggest that people with symptoms of depression and anxiety do not get as worked up , nor recover as fast , as most people do . In surveys , they are also less likely than most to report psychological benefits from crying .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
People who are confused about the sources of their own emotions — a condition that in the extreme is called alexithymia — also tend to report little benefit from a burst of tears , studies have found . This makes some sense . One purpose of crying may be to block thinking , to effectively seal off the flood of unanswerable questions that come after any major loss , the better to clarify those that are most important or most practical . If this psychological system is already clunky , a fire shower of tears is not likely to improve it .
In their book “ Seeing Through Tears : Crying and Attachment , ” Judith Kay Nelson , a therapist and teacher living in Berkeley , Calif. , argues that the experience of crying is rooted in early childhood and people 's relationship with their primary caregiver , usually a parent . Those whose parents were attentive , soothing their cries when needed , tend to find that crying also provides them solace as adults . Those whose parents held back , or became irritated or overly upset by the child 's crying , often have more difficulty soothing themselves as adults .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ Crying , for a child , is a way to beckon the caregiver , to maintain proximity and use the caregiver to regulate mood or negative arousal , ” Dr. Nelson said in a phone interview . Those who grow up unsure of when or whether that soothing is available can , as adults , get stuck in what they call protest crying — the child 's helpless squall for someone to fix the problem , undo the loss .
“ You ca n't work through grief if you 're stuck in protest crying , which is all about fixing it , fixing the loss , ” Dr. Nelson said . “ And in therapy — as in close relationships — protest crying is very hard to soothe , because you ca n't do anything right , you ca n't undo the loss . On the other hand , sad crying that is an appeal for comfort from a loved one is a path to closeness and healing . ”
Tears can cleanse , all right . But like a flash flood , they may also leave a person feeling stranded , and soaked .
The former climate change secretary on why New Labour must be consigned to the past , why they are the person to lead the left 's revival - and why he 'll never say anything bad about their brother
Party leadership races are generally much less interesting than pundits tend to hope . In the current contest , everyone always knew David Miliband would run – and everyone knows by now that three of their challengers are very unlikely to beat him . Thus it fell to Ed Miliband to provide the excitement .
The young pretender is certainly a sexier part to play than the dauphin , but when I heard Ed Miliband speak back in late May , they seemed so manifestly awkward about fighting their older brother that it was hard to see how the contest was going to work . Remarkably , the pair 's pledge to say nothing bad about one another has been maintained , disappointing Fleet Street 's hopes of a family catfight . But the pledge has also created a vacuum – and in the coded world of Westminster , this has gradually been filled by a subtle but damning Blairite critique of the younger brother .
`` Ed Miliband is a really nice guy , '' Alastair Campbell has said , `` but I think you 've got to differentiate between making the party feel OK about losing , and making the party face up to what it needs to do to get into shape again . '' The former climate change secretary is n't `` up to taking difficult decisions '' . Just last week , the former City minister , Lord Myners , accused them of tacking too far to the left on economic policy , and the columnist Matthew d'Ancona has declared , `` Ed Miliband will never be prime minister . You know it , I know it . So why would Labour choose not to know it ? Because , in this case , ignorance is so much easier than undertaking the sweaty , mostly thankless task of plotting a route back to power . ''
When we meet at an aerospace factory in Burnley , I 'm curious to see which version will appear – the bold young pretender , or the endearingly meek old Labour loser . It takes less than a minute to find out . I 've met Miliband several times before , and can safely say I have never known them to sound hungrier , or angrier , or more radically combative . When I mention the whisper that he 's really a Bennite , they go off like a shotgun .
`` That is such nonsense ! It 's pathetic , genuinely , I think it 's pathetic . If we think that the way we should conduct political debate is by caricaturing people we disagree with as Bennites , I think it is an absolutely hopeless way to conduct a political debate . Are we really getting to a stage where if an aspirant leader of the Labour party has policies of the centre left , we then say they 're a Bennite ? Or we say then where are your rightwing policies ? That is the politics of triangulation . And that is not the politics I believe in . ''
Miliband 's politics are quintessentially centre left , and not spectacularly different from those of their brother . `` I 'm confronting the issue of the kind of capitalism we have in this country , which means people get stuck in low-paid work . '' They are campaigning for a `` living wage '' of £7.60 an hour and would look at making the 50 % top tax rate and the tax on bankers ' bonuses permanent , but stresses : `` I do not want a return to penal rates of taxation . '' They propose a high-pay commission to scrutinise `` corporate governance – the cosy cartels which award each other high pay '' , but also wants Labour to be the `` party of small business and the self-employed '' by looking at `` the way the banking system works '' . On the Iraq war , some of their rivals have disputed their claim to have been opposed from the outset , but a friend of theirs confirms to me categorically that this was their position in 2003 .
What they offer seems to be less a dramatic break with the politics of the past 13 years than with its style and sensibility . They promise to revitalise the party by devolving power and inspiring grassroots participation – and it 's a noble ambition . But what happens , I ask , if the party lurches back to the left , leaving them with a pre- Kinnock problem on theirs hands ?
`` The New Labour style of leadership was , 'We seize control of this party , 'cos otherwise it 's going to carry on losing , ' right ? That had its merits for its time . But this is a different world . And actually , if we 'd listened to our party more on a range of issues – housing , agency workers , tuition fees – we 'd have been a better government , not a worse government . We 've got to not misunderstand where the centre ground of politics is – because you know , it 's not just people in the south who have aspirations , and it 's not just people in the north who do n't like what happened with bankers ' bonuses . And sometimes we were a bit behind the public in terms of where the centre ground of politics is .
`` Of course you ca n't just win with the converted . But the point is that a lot of the converted became unconverted , and we 've got to win them back , as well as the people who came to us in 1997 . ''
Touring the aerospace factory last week , their thesis is borne out by the striking number of working-class , low-income union men who admit they voted Tory this year . Miliband also cites a recent psephological study which found that Labour lost three times as many voters categorised as DE – the poorest of the population – as it did the most affluent ABs .
`` This is fundamental , '' they stress urgently . `` If we think the New Labour play book is going to work for us in the 2010s , we are completely wrong , because the electoral challenge is completely different now . But I think some people in the Labour party are stuck in the New Labour comfort zone , and think let 's just repeat the formulae of the past and that it 's going to win us the election .
`` The problem is we took the working class vote for granted . Politics is n't just about policies – it 's impressionistic , it 's about emotions , and whose side you 're on . It 's about whether you 're the party that starts off with a windfall tax on the utilities monopolies , and ends up defending bankers ' bonuses . I do n't think we lost the last election because we were too leftwing . I think we lost the last election partly because people thought we were all the same . ''
Miliband concedes that they do support certain coalition policies – on ID cards , prison policy , and an inquiry into British collusion in the torture of terrorist suspects , although they quickly add , `` I know my brother more than anyone else , and I know they would never sanction torture , implicitly or explicitly . '' But when I suggest that we have the Lib Dems to thank , they shake their head impatiently . `` No , no , I totally disagree with that . Does the fact they 're scrapping ID cards compensate somehow for the fact they 're taking an axe to the welfare state ? Absolutely not , in my view . I care about civil liberties , but I care massively about people finding the services they rely on done in . ''
So Labour under Miliband would no longer be agreeing with Nick ? `` Nick Clegg , '' they say icily , `` is a betrayal of the Liberal tradition . David Cameron and Nick Clegg are texting each other like teenagers in love because they agree with each other . It 's not some forced marriage , they ideologically agree with each other . ''
The possibility of forcing a divorce , however , they regard as very real . `` I think we can stop the coalition lasting . It depends upon people like Simon Hughes , Charles Kennedy , Ming Campbell – who I believe are unhappy . '' They sound so knowing that I wonder if they are in private communication with them . `` I have private relationships with some Liberal Democrats that I 'm not going to particularly talk about . But I think there are lots of unhappy Liberal Democrats . ''
Miliband 's claim to be the leader most likely to draw disillusioned Lib Dems to Labour sounds quite plausible . The prospect of an election in less than five years , however , poses perhaps their greatest problem – the perception that only their older brother is oven-ready for office .
`` Well obviously I do n't agree with that . '' But many Labour members struggle to picture the 40-year-old in No 10 , so I wonder when they first imagined it himself . `` I think I was a late adopter , actually , '' they smile . `` Others got there before me . '' Do they mean they were talked into it ? `` No , I 'm not saying that . But you do judge the support , otherwise you would n't run . And lots of people said to me , I think we need someone who represents more of a change from the past . ''
Alistair Darling has warned candidates against being over-critical of Labour 's record , in a bid to sell themselves as a fresh start . `` Well I do n't know who Alistair 's talking about , but I 'm certainly not dumping on the record . I 'm absolutely not . But if you say , when you lose an election , the show was great but the audience was poor , you 're going to keep losing elections . ''
They also dismiss any suggestion that their backing from the three biggest trade unions risks reviving an impression of a Labour leader in the pocket of Unite . `` I 'm not defending everything the trade unions do , nor would I as Labour leader . I do n't think we 're about to go back to the 1970s , and I 'm not planning to take us there . But I do defend the role of trade unions in our society . And I think it 's surprising that that 's surprising , coming from someone who wants to be leader of the Labour party . Politics has basically become a middle-class pursuit – a London-middle-class pursuit , detached from ordinary people 's lives – and it 's actually the link with the trade unions which helps make us relevant to people 's lives . ''
Miliband himself , of course , is a middle-class Londoner whose entire life has been spent in politics . An Oxford PPE graduate , with an MSc from the LSE , they worked for Harriet Harman before becoming an adviser to Gordon Brown , then won Doncaster in 2005 , and joined the government only a year later . `` Well I am the person that I am , '' they say simply . `` But there are people who have worked in a whole range of jobs who are n't very empathetic , and ca n't understand people 's lives . And there are people who have worked in politics for a large part of their lives who can , and that in the end is the test . ''
I get to test Miliband 's famous empathy for myself when we visit a vast building site in Salford , where they tour the staff canteen meeting construction workers . Most of them seem to have no idea who they are , and it 's a vintage scene of dauntingly tough masculinity – hard hats and red tops , pie and chips and tattoos . Any trace of the slightly geeky awkwardness Miliband sometimes used to convey has vanished , but there is nothing ostentatious about them either as they move from table to table : no polished quips to bridge the class divide , but instead an unusually respectful intimacy . `` What did we do wrong ? '' they ask them , listening carefully to their answers . `` What do we need to do to win back the voters ? ''
The only self-consciousness comes when the photographer wants them to pose holding a hard hat in the yard , before an amused audience of smoking men . `` Any politician that claims to you that they 're an ordinary person is not telling you the truth , '' Miliband mutters , half smiling and wincing . `` Because politicians do n't lead ordinary or normal lives . ''
Miliband lives with their pregnant partner Justine Thornton , a barrister , and their 15-month-old son Daniel . Never part of the glamorous 90s New Labour social scene , they admit that even their own pretty austere idea of a work-life balance has been out the window ever since the Copenhagen summit in 2008 . They have never looked after Daniel by themselves for 24 hours – `` I 'm not looking for special pleading , but , yes , it is a big sacrifice '' – and describes Justine as `` brilliant '' , but feels no personal or political need to marry . `` We 'll get round to it at some point , but I do n't think people would mind if we did n't . '' As party leader , they would guard their family life less ferociously than Brown , but more privately than Tony Blair , and `` under no circumstances '' will their sons go to private school .
They have to think quite hard to remember the last time they danced – `` Oh yes , at Sue Nye 's party after the election , to something from Glee '' – and on holiday in Cornwall this month they listened to Robbie Williams , and read The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . They seldom cooks , buys their suits off-the-peg from TM Lewin , and when I ask if it 's true they once played in a punk band called Squashed Psyche , they laugh – `` Oh I wish it was ! '' – but admits that the first they heard of this fiction was when it appeared on Wikipedia . In truth , reports of Ann Widdecombe joining Girls Aloud would be less surprising – and apart from driving too fast ( `` according to Justine '' ) , their only discernible vice is an addiction to Desperate Housewives .
Miliband 's unracy style has led some observers to cast them in the Brown rather than Blair model of leadership . But when I ask when they last lost their temper , they say , `` I very rarely do that . I 'm not someone who spends their time shouting , and I think it 's important not to . I think you need calmness , stoicism and optimism . I think warmth and humanity are undervalued qualities in politics . '' Is that why people like Campbell doubt they have the mettle to win ? `` Warmth and humanity do n't mean you ca n't make difficult decisions . I think listening is an undervalued quality in politics . And that 's something I would do as leader . ''
After 16 years of Blair and Brown , and New versus old Labour , Miliband may well be a genuinely new and untested quantity – a pragmatic young progressive . They clearly lack the New Labour instinct for triangulation , spin and soundbites , but displays none of the self-indulgently defeatist idealism of old Labour either . I wonder whether it might be their refusal to criticise their brother that has created an impression of a lovable loser .
`` I do n't care . I do n't care . There are certain prices I 'm not willing to pay for this . If I thought I could win this election by taking lumps out of David , I would n't do it . I 'm going to win this with a clear conscience . ''
If they do n't attack one David , is it just possible that people think they wo n't attack the other one ?
`` That is nonsense ! '' they erupt . `` I hate what David Cameron 's doing to this country . Alastair Campbell is wrong . They are wrong . Just to clear up any doubt , I do n't want a Labour party that feels comfortable about losing . I want a Labour party that 's back in power . ''
If you have played Section 8 before , you might remember how the game was kind of fun but had flaws in execution ( specifically game mechanics and balance ) . Hopefully , this is n't the case with Prejudice , right ? Right ?
Before we start , I do want to apologize for the lack of gameplay screenshots . I would have some , but I was clenching the controller so tight , I never got a chance to take any . Let 's get started !
The main improvement from Section 8 would probably be the Dynamic Combat Missions ( DCMs ) . If you do n't remember what they were , it was basically an attempt to throw in another game mode during a firefight . A great example of a DCM is : “ HAY GUYS . YOU NEED TO GO SAVE THE KING AND CAMP FOR LIKE 15 MINUTES WHILE THE ENEMIES HAVE INFINITE AIR STRIKES , PLEASE IGNORE THE FACT YOU ARE ACTUALLY IN A FIREFIGHT AND ARE HAVING FUN , GO DO MY LUDICROUS MISSION RIGHT NOW. ” Fortunately , this has improved quite a bit . DCMs are no longer as important as they used to be , they do not take up to seven minutes to complete , and they are n't constantly smeared in your face . They 're still frivolous , but they are n't annoying .
Multiplayer is a blast to play and currently features two modes , Conquest and Swarm . I have n't played Swarm yet but it looks like Monday Night Combat 's Blitz mode . So everything here on out is about Conquest unless stated otherwise . There 's about five or so maps and each game can have up to 30 people . Unfortunately , the team balancer does n't work fairly well , so unless a game has bots on ( which are actually decent fighters ) , games can end up one-sided ( it does n't ruin the fun that much ) .
Speaking of balance , the guns are fairly balanced , with my biggest complaint being the shotgun . Specifically , the shotgun that shoots fire ( This is where TimeGate loses points , because you have to buy the DLC for it [ Yeah , they went there ] Apparently , you can unlock it via natural progression but it still does n't make up for the fact that it 's overpowered ) does a ton of damage and leaves a huge flame spread everywhere . It 's annoying and unfair .
With that out of the way , I want to talk about controls . Maybe it 's just me , but it feels like with the Xbox controller , the game is a tad less responsive than usual ( yes , I play with a 360 controller . And no , that does n't make me terrible . As of writing I 'm in the top 15 worldwide ) . I stopped playing because my hands and wrists were sore ( a first ) .
Speaking of controllers : Why does A have to be exclusively set to “ use ” ? It 's a context sensitive button . Why ca n't we have jumping and flying for that button as well and then use the other bumper for other tech ? I can not tell you how many times I 've ran into wanting to throw a grenade only to find out my heal beacon is selected , thus I heal myself and die ( plus since we only have two equipment items , does n't this make a bit of sense ? It 's way easier than constantly switching using the dpad ) .
While I 'm throwing random images around , I might as well show this : what 's up with the UI sliders here ?
My other complaint is the extremely long wait time at the end of a match . Seriously , you wait about 45 seconds for the next round to start , with ten seconds for loading , plus an additional 15 so that everyone can be ready and another five before the game starts . WHAT 'S WITH THE DELAYS , TIMEGATE ? ! EH ? ARE YOU TIGHTENING UP THE GRAPHICS ON LEVEL THREE ? IS THAT YOUR ISSUE ? I assume they 'll patch it . Hopefully .
Lastly , I want to talk about the campaign . The campaign is a huge improvement from the one in Section 8 . There 's an actual tutorial level that sets up the story a bit , but it never really improves from there . The characters are shallow and forgettable ( even by other characters ! ) , the objectives are rather bland ( HACK A CONSOLE FOR THE 80 BILLIONTH TIME ) and the story leads up to one central boss fight which is actually pretty cool but the fight is so short , it 's almost worthless having it ( you beat them by putting a clip into them and then ripping off a part of their armor ) .
I did n't play Hard mode , so I ca n't tell if the difficulty really increases , but come on , Stormtroopers are better than these guys ( near the end , I kept running into enemies getting stuck in places they should n't be ) . The only times I had to reload from a save were because I could n't see through the particle shitstorm ( pardon my french ) that the bridge had collapsed . Or the fact that lava is an instant kill , even if it barely touches you .
Also the prerendered cutscenes look terrible . I 'm sorry , but they have the picture quality of watching something from 2003 . When I watch them , I feel like I 'm playing Jedi Academy or something ( the final cutscene is the major offender here ) . They look so forced and lifeless that it actually subtracts from the game .
That said , Section 8 : Prejudice is worth a look . At least get the demo , because it is rather fun ( and a huge improvement from Section 8 ) . The game is easily accessible , has a lot of depth for its price , and Prejudice is a great game to play whenever ( it 's also ready for LAN games ) .
Verdict : Definitely recommend a buy .
Before Maria Sharapova , sleek in black , hair carefully tousled , stepped in front of the press in a Los Angeles hotel yesterday to make a “ major announcement , ” the rumor was that they were going to retire from tennis . After all , they are twenty-eight years old , and in the past few years has suffered several injuries that have kept them out of tennis for long periods . With five Grand Slam singles titles ( including at least one of each of the four majors ) and nearly thirty-seven million dollars in career prize money , and with no hope of reclaiming the top ranking as long as Serena Williams is playing ( Sharapova has lost to Williams eighteen times in a row , including their last match , the quarter-finals of the Australian Open ) , Sharapova has little left to prove as a player . As a business person , they are already established . They own a line of candy , they co-owns a line of sunscreen ; they have created , in Maria Sharapova , a peerless brand . Last year , they earned twenty-three million dollars of their $ 29.7 million estimated earnings off the court , and Forbes ranked them as the highest-paid female athlete for eleven straight years .
“ I know many of you thought that I would be retiring today , ” they acknowledged . Then they said , “ If I was going to announce my retirement , it would probably not be in a downtown Los Angeles hotel with this fairly ugly carpet. ” That was classic Sharapova : at once haughty and self-mocking , and very much in control .
Them announcement turned out to be something even more stunning . In a calm , though sometimes quavering , voice , Sharapova said that at the Australian Open , in January , they had tested positive for a banned substance . Meldonium , or mildronate , which is manufactured in Latvia , is not approved by the F.D.A. , but is commonly prescribed in Eastern Europe to treat myocardial infarction and heart disease by helping blood flow . Sharapova has never mentioned a heart condition , but at their press conference they explained that ten years ago they were struggling with health issues , including magnesium deficiency and irregular EKG results , and their doctor was concerned about the prevalence of diabetes in their family . They have been taking meldonium ever since . ( This morning , the manufacturer of meldonium told the Associated Press that the normal course of treatment is four to six weeks . )
For several years , coaches and doctors have been aware that meldonium has been shown to improve endurance , recovery , and athletic performance . A report from the Baltic Sport Science Conference in 2012 noted that mildronate “ is recommended for use as pharmacological remedy that increases physical work capabilities of athletes . Mildronate and its metabolites are not included in the doping list ; it does not provoke any undesired side effects. ” The World Anti-Doping Agency included the drug in its monitoring program last year and banned it as of January 1st , because of “ evidence of its use by athletes with the intention of enhancing performance. ” Since then , at least eight athletes have tested positive for it .
Sharapova contends that they were taking the drug for medical reasons only . Them mistake , they claim , was not in taking the drug itself but in failing to open an e-mail from WADA in December alerting athletes to the changes in the list of prohibited substances . It was perfectly legal to take the drug until January 1st , a point they and their lawyer repeatedly stressed . Even if Sharapova ( or their doctor ) had been aware that taking meldonium might benefit their tennis game , they would have been playing within the rules . Competitors often look for advantages by any available means , proven or otherwise . They take supplements , get Lasik , avoid ladders , pray to the gods . After matches , Novak Djokovic likes to sit in a hyperbaric oxygen pod ( which is said to improve blood circulation ) . But it 's easy to be cynical about athletes ' use of drugs that happen to be performance-enhancing . The inability of testing protocols to keep pace with the drug industry is one of the reasons that sports may never be clean .
Had Sharapova kept quiet and then contested any ruling , as athletes often do , they could have found themselves paying not only for their own offense but for the sins of others . For a sport that places a premium on endurance , quick recovery , and strength—and that rewards its winners with millions in prize money , while players in the lower circuits stay on cousins ' couches—tennis has been remarkably , some would say suspiciously , free of drug scandals . A few lesser-known players have received suspensions , including the 2014 U.S. Open champion , Marin Cilic , but Sharapova is the first superstar in the sport to fail a drug test—publicly , at least . Rumors of possible “ silent bans ” for players—suspensions that are publicly acknowledged as injuries—have persisted for years , in part because of tennis 's secretive system of governance . The anti-doping program has long been criticized as insufficiently transparent and poorly funded , with an annual budget of four million dollars , which is a tenth the total prize money at Wimbledon alone . Officials have defended the program , pointing to increased testing , funding , and education , but the first real chance to prove its credibility was always going to be when a top player failed a test . Now we have one .
“ I take full responsibility , ” Sharapova said at the press conference . That statement was not only an admirable move but also a smart one . A player can be suspended for up to four years for intentionally taking a banned substance . For unintentionally ingesting one , the maximum for a first-time offender is two years . The length of Sharapova 's suspension has not yet been determined , but Sharapova 's lawyer told Sports Illustrated that they hoped for leniency from the International Tennis Federation because of a “ laundry list of extremely mitigating circumstances , ” and they told the Times that they hoped there might be no punishment at all . That 's unlikely . There will be a suspension , and there will be consequences off the court . Nike has already suspended their contract , Porsche is “ postponing planned activities , ” and Tag Heuer has ended contract-extension negotiations .
But , so far , top players and former stars have publicly shown support for Sharapova , and tennis officials have held them up as an example not of what 's wrong with the sport but of what 's right with it . “ Maria deserves a great deal of I think compliments because they showed a lot of grace and class and integrity today , which you expect from them by stepping up and acknowledging their mistake , ” Steve Simon , the chief executive of the Women 's Tennis Association , told the Times . “ But I think it does show that the sport does have tremendous levels of integrity , and that there is n't any athlete that is above the rules. ” Not above the rules , no—but , at their press conference , Sharapova did what they do best . They put themselves out in front .
In Court : Uncovering Stingrays , A Troubling New Location Tracking Device [ ACLU of Northern CA – Linda Lye ]
The ACLU and Electronic Frontier Foundation have filed an amicus brief in what will be the first case in the country to address the constitutional implications of a so-called “ stingray , ” a little known device that can be used to track a suspect 's location and engage in other types of surveillance . We argue that if the government wants to use invasive surveillance technology like this , it must explain the technology to the courts so they can perform their judicial oversight function as required by the Constitution
Next Monday at the Supreme Court : Trying to Stop the NSA 's Unconstitutional Overreach [ ACLU – Josh Bell ]
The next time you send an email or make a phone call to a friend outside the country , consider this : the National Security Agency could be making a copy of your communication and storing it . What about the Fourth Amendment ? According to the government , not only is this practice constitutional , but ordinary federal courts should not even be allowed to rule on it .
Judge Questions Tools That Grab Cellphone Data on Innocent People [ Wall Street Journal – Jennifer Valentino-DeVries ]
`` A judge in Texas is raising questions about whether investigators are giving courts enough details on technological tools that let them get data on all the cellphones in an area , including those of innocent people . ''
Microsoft Tightens Personal Data Rules [ New York Times - Edward Wyatt ]
`` Microsoft said on Monday that it would change its new disclosure policy to tell consumers explicitly that it would not use personal information it collects from users of some Microsoft products to produce or promote targeted online advertising . ''
The 7 Dos And Don'ts Of Facial Recognition [ Forbes – Kashmir Hill ]
`` Facial recognition technology has moved out of the world of science fiction and into reality . There are billboards that scan your face to decide which ads to show you , and there 's talk of Kinect being used to decide which ads to show you at home based on your emotional state . ''
Navigating App Privacy Laws and Best Practices [ Digital Innovation Gazette – Tim Kridel ]
`` More than half of app users have uninstalled or decided to not install an app due to concerns about personal information , according to a recent Pew Internet Project survey . If that is n't motivation enough to protect customer privacy , consider the growing number of federal and state laws penalizing breaches . ''
Learn more about digital privacy : Sign up for breaking news alerts , follow us on Twitter , and like us on Facebook .
Only MLS league games will be reflected in the rankings . Rankings are voted on by MLSsoccer.com editorial staff and remarks were written by the editorial staff .
BIGGEST MOVERS : LA +9 spots | CLB -7 spots 1 LAST WEEK : 1 HIGH : 1 | LOW : 8 2 LAST WEEK : 2 HIGH : 2 | LOW : 8 3 LAST WEEK : 5 HIGH : 3 | LOW : 21 4 LAST WEEK : 3 HIGH : 1 | LOW : 4 5 LAST WEEK : 6 HIGH : 4 | LOW : 17 6 LAST WEEK : 4 HIGH : 3 | LOW : 9 7 LAST WEEK : 16 HIGH : 5 | LOW : 20 8 LAST WEEK : 13 HIGH : 3 | LOW : 13 9 LAST WEEK : 11 HIGH : 6 | LOW : 19 10 LAST WEEK : 7 HIGH : 2 | LOW : 18 11 LAST WEEK : 15 HIGH : 1 | LOW : 15 12 LAST WEEK : 12 HIGH : 12 | LOW : 21 13 LAST WEEK : 10 HIGH : 10 | LOW : 21 14 LAST WEEK : 9 HIGH : 2 | LOW : 14 15 LAST WEEK : 8 HIGH : 6 | LOW : 19 16 LAST WEEK : 14 HIGH : 12 | LOW : 22 17 LAST WEEK : 19 HIGH : 16 | LOW : 22 18 LAST WEEK : 17 HIGH : 11 | LOW : 20 19 LAST WEEK : 18 HIGH : 8 | LOW : 19 20 LAST WEEK : 20 HIGH : 11 | LOW : 22 21 LAST WEEK : 22 HIGH : 6 | LOW : 22 22 LAST WEEK : 21 HIGH : 7 | LOW : 22
Q : Has the Obama administration started a program to use `` taxpayer money '' to give free cell phones to welfare recipients ?
A : No . Low-income households have been eligible for discounted telephone service for more than a decade . But the program is funded by telecom companies , not by taxes , and the president has nothing to do with it .
FULL QUESTION
Is this e-mail true ?
I had a former employee call me earlier today inquiring about a job , and at the end of the conversation they gave me their phone number . I asked the former employee if this was a new cell phone number and they told me yes this was their `` Obama phone . '' [ EET ] I asked them what an `` Obama phone '' was and they went on to say that welfare recipients are now eligible to receive ( 1 ) a FREE new phone and ( 2 ) approx 70 minutes of FREE minutes every month . I was a little skeptical so I Googled it and low and behold they were telling the truth . TAX PAYER MONEY IS BEING REDISTRIBUTED TO WELFARE RECIPIENTS FOR FREE CELL PHONES .. This program was started earlier this year . Enough is enough , the ship is sinking and it 's sinking fast . The very foundations that this country was built on are being shaken . The age-old concepts of God , family , and hard work have flown out the window and are being replaced with `` Hope and Change '' and `` Change we can believe in . '' You can click on the link below to read more about the `` Obama phone '' …just have a barf bag ready . https : //www.safelinkwireless.com/EnrollmentPublic/home.aspx Google : Safelink Wireless [ /EET ]
FULL ANSWER
Welfare recipients , and others , can receive a free cell phone , but the program is not funded by the government or taxpayer money , as the e-mail alleges . And it 's hardly new .
How It Works
SafeLink Wireless , the program mentioned in the e-mail , does indeed offer a cell phone , about one hour 's worth of calling time per month , and other wireless services like voice mail to eligible low-income households . Applicants have to apply and prove that they are either receiving certain types of government benefits , such as Medicaid , or have household incomes at or below 135 percent of the poverty line . Using 2009 poverty guidelines , that 's $ 14,620 for an individual and a little under $ 30,000 for a family of four , with slightly higher amounts for Alaska and Hawaii .
SafeLink is run by a subsidiary of América Móvil , the world 's fourth largest wireless company in terms of subscribers , but it is not paid for directly by the company . Nor is it paid for with `` tax payer money , '' as the e-mail claims . Rather , it is funded through the Universal Service Fund , which is administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company , an independent , not-for-profit corporation set up by the Federal Communications Commission . The USF is sustained by contributions from telecommunications companies such as `` long distance companies , local telephone companies , wireless telephone companies , paging companies , and payphone providers . '' The companies often charge customers to fund their contributions in the form of a universal service fee you might see on your monthly phone bill . The fund is then parceled out to companies , such as América Móvil , that create programs , such as SafeLink , to provide telecommunications service to rural areas and low-income households .
History
The SafeLink program has actually been offering cell phones to low-income households in some states since 2008 , not beginning `` earlier this year , '' as the e-mail claims . But the program is rooted in a deeper history .
When phone lines were first laid out in the late 19th century , they were not always inter-operable . That is to say the phone service created by one company to serve one town may not have been compatible with the phone service of another company serving a different town nearby . The telecom companies themselves saw the folly in this arrangement , and so in 1913 , AT & T committed itself to resolving interconnection problems as part of the `` Kingsbury Commitment . ''
That common goal of universal service became a goal of universal access to service when Congress passed The Telecommunications Act of 1934 . The act created the FCC and also included in its preamble a promise `` to make available , so far as possible , to all the people of the United States , a rapid , efficient , Nation-wide , and world-wide wire and radio communication service with adequate facilities at reasonable charges. ” There was a fear , expressed by telecom companies themselves , that market forces alone might encourage companies to pass on providing service to hard-to-reach places . This would both hurt the people who would n't have service and existing customers who would n't be able to reach them . So the new FCC was tasked with promoting this principle of `` universal service . ''
This informal practice was codified when the Universal Service Administrative Company ( USAC ) was created as part of the 1996 Telecommunications Act to `` ensure all Americans , including low-income consumers and those who live in rural , insular , high-cost areas , shall have affordable service and [ to ] help to connect eligible schools , libraries , and rural health care providers to the global telecommunications network . '' The USAC includes four programs to serve rural areas , high-cost areas , rural health care providers , and schools and libraries . Since 1997 , USAC has provided discounted land line service to low-income individuals . ( A more limited program to offer assistance to low-income individuals was created a decade earlier ; the telecommunications act expanded and formalized it . ) According to Eric Iversen , USAC director of external relations , the Universal Service Fund more recently began funding programs that provide wireless service , such as the pre-paid cellular SafeLink program mentioned in the chain e-mail .
The president has no direct impact on the program , and one could hardly call these devices `` Obama Phones , '' as the e-mail author does . This specific program , SafeLink , started under President George Bush , with grants from an independent company created under President Bill Clinton , which was a legacy of an act passed under President Franklin Roosevelt , which was influenced by an agreement reached between telecommunications companies and the administration of President Woodrow Wilson .
Wilson Phones , anyone ?
– Justin Bank
Update , Nov. 5 : A public relations representative from SafeLink Wireless contacted us to note that the América Móvil subsidiary that operates the SafeLink program and receives funds from the USF is TracFone Wireless , based in Miami , Fla .
Sources
Mueller , Milton . Universal Service : Competition , Interconnection , and Monopoly in the Making of the American Telephone System . Cambridge : The MIT Press , 1997 .
Press Release , `` Research and Markets : America Movil , S.A. de C.V. – Financial and Strategic Analysis Review , '' Business Wire . 24 Mar 2009 .
Government Printing Office , `` Federal Register : January 23 , 2009 ( Volume 74 , Number 14 ) ] [ Notices ] [ Page 4199-4201 ] . ''
This article is about the lead ship , store , university , or product of a group . For other uses , see Flagship ( disambiguation )
A flagship is a vessel used by the commanding officer of a group of naval ships , characteristically a flag officer entitled by custom to fly a distinguishing flag . Used more loosely , it is the lead ship in a fleet of vessels , typically the first , largest , fastest , most heavily armed , or best known .
Over the years , the term `` flagship '' has become a metaphor used in industries such as broadcasting , automobiles , airlines , and retailing to refer to their highest profile or most expensive products and locations .
Naval use [ edit ]
In common naval use , the term flagship is fundamentally a temporary designation ; the flagship is wherever the admiral 's flag is being flown . However , admirals have always needed additional facilities , including a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders . Historically , only larger ships could accommodate such requirements .
The term was also used by commercial fleets , when the distinction between a nation 's navy and merchant fleet was not clear . An example was Sea Venture , flagship of the fleet of the Virginia Company , which was captained by Royal Navy Vice-Admiral Christopher Newport yet bore the Merchant Navy admiral of the company 's fleet , Sir George Somers , during the ill-fated Third Supply of 1609 .
In the age of sailing ships , the flagship was typically a first rate ; the aft of one of the three decks would become the admiral 's quarters and staff offices . This can be seen on HMS Victory , the flagship of Admiral Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 , still serving the Royal Navy as the ceremonial flagship of the First Sea Lord from Portsmouth , England . Non-first rates could serve as flagships , however : USS Constitution , a frigate ( a fifth rate ) , served as flagship for parts of the United States Navy during the early 19th century .
In the 20th century , ships became large enough that the larger types , cruisers and up , could accommodate a commander and staff . Some larger ships may have a separate flag bridge for use by the admiral and their staff while the captain commands from the main navigation bridge . Because its primary function is to coordinate a fleet , a flagship is not necessarily more heavily armed or armored than other ships . During World War II admirals often preferred a faster ship over the largest one .
Modern flagships are designed primarily for command and control rather than for fighting , and are also known as command ships .
Flagship as metaphor [ edit ]
As with many other naval terms , flagship has crossed over into general usage , where it means the most important or leading member of a group , as in the flagship station of a broadcast network . Is used as both a noun and adjective describing the most prominent or highly touted product , brand , location , or service offered by a company . Derivations include the `` flagship brand '' or `` flagship product '' of a manufacturing company , `` flagship store '' of a retail chain , or `` flagship service '' of a hospitality or transportation concern .
The term `` flagship '' may have specific applications :
Auto companies may have a flagship in the form of their leading or highest-priced car .
Electronics companies may have a series of products considered to be their flagship , usually consisting of one or two products that is updated periodically . For example , the Samsung Galaxy S series consists of several flagship smartphones that are released on a yearly basis .
In rail transport , a `` flagship service '' is either the fastest or most luxurious . Often it is also a named train or service . [ citation needed ]
Colleges and universities in the United States [ edit ]
Most states in the United States provide public university education through one or more university systems . The phrase flagship institution or flagship university may be applied to an individual school or campus within each state system . The College Board , for example , defines flagship universities as the best-known institutions in the state , noting that they were generally the first to be established and are frequently the largest and most selective , as well as the most research-intensive public universities . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] These schools are often land-grant , sea-grant , or space-grant research universities . [ 4 ] According to Robert M. Berdahl , then-chancellor of the University of California , Berkeley , the phrase `` flagship '' came into existence in the 1950s when the Morrill Act schools were joined by newer institutions built in a wave of post-war expansion of state university systems . [ 5 ]
Berdahl notes further that because flagships are generally the oldest schools within a system , they are often the largest and best financed and are perceived as elite relative to non-flagship state schools . [ 5 ] They comment that `` Those of us in 'systems ' of higher education are frequently actively discouraged from using the term 'flagship ' to refer to our campuses because it is seen as hurtful to the self-esteem of colleagues at other institutions in our systems . The use of the term is seen by some as elitist and boastful . It is viewed by many , in the context of the politics of higher education , as 'politically incorrect . ' ... Only in the safe company of alumni is one permitted to use the term . `` [ 5 ] Additionally , the term flagship is widely understood to encompass only public ( state-supported ) universities , even in states which may contain more eminent private universities .
Nevertheless , the term `` flagship university '' is still used in official contexts by the U.S. Department of Education , various state university system boards of governors , and state legislatures . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Additionally , state universities often self-designate themselves as flagships . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] Higher education agencies , research journals , and other organizations also use the term , though their lists of flagship universities can differ greatly . One list of 50 flagship universities ( one per state ) is employed by the Higher Education Coordinating Board , [ 13 ] the College Board , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] the Princeton Review [ 14 ] and many other state and federal educational and governmental authorities [ 15 ] for a variety of purposes including tuition and rate comparisons , [ 1 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] research studies [ 18 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] and public policy analyses . [ 22 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ]
Despite its ubiquity , this list of 50 flagships is not the only state-by-state examination of flagships . In a 2010 article , Standard & Poor 's created its own list of flagship universities , noting that each state had typically one or two institutions with flagship characteristics . [ 26 ] The Education Sector , an education policy organization , used a different list of 51 flagship universities in an August 2011 study of college debt . Several states had multiple universities categorized as flagships due to `` less of a clear distinction between a single flagship and other public universities '' in those states . [ 27 ] Additionally , several states were not included in the study due to insufficient comparative data . [ 27 ] There are many instances in which more than one school in a state has claimed to be , or has been described as , a `` flagship '' . [ 28 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ]
In February 2012 , Idaho 's State Board of Education made a controversial decision to strike the word `` flagship '' from the University of Idaho 's mission statement . [ 37 ] The Board 's President Richard Westerberg explained that this revision was made as part of the board 's many changes made to multiple Idaho universities ' mission statements in an effort to ensure all statements were consistent and collegial in nature rather than comparative or competitive . [ 38 ]
Retailing [ edit ]
Flagship stores are core stores for brand name retailers , larger than their standard outlets and stocking greater inventory , often found in prominent shopping districts such as Fifth Avenue in New York , Oxford Street in London or Tokyo 's Ginza . [ 39 ]
Flagships are prevalent among upscale retailers , such as Apple , Louis Vuitton , and Prada .
Broadcasting [ edit ]
A flagship station is the principal station of a ( radio or TV ) broadcast network . It can be the station that produces the largest amount of material for the network , or the station in the parent company 's home city , or both . The term dates back to the mid twentieth century years of broadcasting when headquarters stations produced programs for their networks .
For example , the flagship stations of the ABC , NBC and CBS television and radio networks are their owned and operated outlets in New York City . Likewise , public television 's WNET served as primary member station for National Educational Television ( NET ) , a forerunner to the US Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) .
In sports broadcasting , the `` flagship '' is a team 's primary station in their home market , which produces game broadcasts and feeds them to affiliates . For example , WGN was the flagship station of the Chicago Cubs baseball team , which has an extensive Cubs radio network spanning several states .
Automobiles [ edit ]
Contrast the automotive concept of flagship models with halo models ; see Halo effect # Branding
The term flagship is also used to describe an automaker 's top ( i.e . largest and/or most expensive ) vehicle . Modern examples include the Mercedes-Benz S-Class , Toyota Avalon , Ford Taurus , and Range Rover .
Conservation [ edit ]
Within conservation biology , the term flagship species refers to a species or taxon that is a symbol or rallying point to catalyze conservation actions . [ 40 ]
Finance Act 2016 included legislation for major changes to dividend tax from 6 April 2016 .
Overview and examples
How does this work ?
If you have dividend income ( dividends held outside of an ISA ) of less than the dividend allowance ( £2,000 for 2018/19 and £5,000 for 2016/17 and 2017/18 you will pay no tax on your dividends , even if you are a higher rate taxpayer . Your dividends are covered by the dividend allowance .
If your total income is less than the personal allowance , your income is covered by your personal allowance and your dividend allowance is effectively unused .
If your dividend income is received through shares in an ISA , as now , these remain tax-free and the dividend allowance will not affect this income .
Example 2018/19
Non-dividend income of £6,500 and dividend income of £12,000
Nearly £200 more tax to pay compared to 2017/18
Income PA BR band Non-dividend income 6,500 6,500 Dividend 12,000 5,350 6,650 Totals 18,500 11,850 6,650 Less DA ( 2,000 ) Taxed at 7.5 % 4,650 Tax due £348.75
Further example
Non-dividend income of £20,000 and dividend income of £6,000
You now pay £75 more a year in tax
Income PA BR band Non-dividend income 20,000 11,850 8,150 Dividend 6,000 - 6,000 Totals 26,000 11,850 14,150 Tax on dividend Dividend in basic rate band 6,000 Less DA ( 2,000 ) Taxed at 7.5 % 4,000 Tax due £300
Example 2017/18
Non-dividend income of £6,500 and dividend income of £12,000
Income PA BR band Non-dividend income 6,500 6,500 Dividend 12,000 5,000 7,000 Totals 18,500 11,500 7,000 Less DA ( 5,000 ) Taxed at 7.5 % 2,000 Tax due £150
Example 2016/17
Non-dividend income of £6,500 and dividend income of £12,000
You pay £187.50 more a year in tax than before the changes came in
Income PA BR band Non-dividend income 6,500 6,500 Dividend 12,000 4,500 7,500 Totals 18,500 11,000 7,500 Less Dividend Allowance ( 5,000 ) Taxed at 7.5 % 2,500 Tax due £187.50
Further examples show the impact of the dividend allowance ( £2,000 ( £5,000 to 5 April 2018 ) ) and the interaction of making different claims for allowances :
Non-dividend income of £18,000 and dividend income of £22,000
Non-dividend income of £42,000 and dividend income of £9,000
Non-dividend income of £45,000 and dividend income of £5,000
Salary of £45,000 and dividend income of £14,000
Salary of £147,000 and dividend income of £15,000
See Dividends ( subscriber guide )
Dividend FAQs for tax years : 2016/17 , 2017/18 and 2018/19
1 . How is dividend income taxed when non-dividend income is in excess of the personal allowance ?
a ) Higher rate taxpayer
b ) Upper rate taxpayer
2 . What is the impact on the loss of the personal allowance at £100,000 ?
3 . What is the impact on the High Income Child Benefit Charge ?
Step-by-step guidance , see Dividends ( subscriber guide )
By Riot GTez
All-star showdown on Magma Chamber
When your all-stars take the stage in Shanghai , China , you 'll see them face off mano-a-mano ( and two-on-two , in the case of bot laners ) for the right to claim they 're the best top , mid , bot or jungle players in the world . You 'll also get a look at the upcoming Magma Chamber map , which is specially designed for individual and pair competition .
Why preview Magma Chamber at All-Star Week ?
Watching the best players in the world duel it out for honor and glory is pretty damn exciting . If you were following the all-star race , you probably caught the epic showdown between Wickd and Soaz . Matchups like that are really fun to watch , so we wanted to make sure we had a proper battlefield for individual grudge matches . Since it 's only natural to wonder who the best player in each role is , we thought All-Star Week was the perfect venue to give you a sneak peek at the map , and let the pros settle the score while we were at it .
How does a head-to-head match work ?
One vs. one competition actually has a pretty long history in the League of Legends community . The first one on one tournament actually took place in beta , and we 've seen many more battles of this nature since . We tried to stick close to the existing one vs. one convention .
During All-Star week , players will win a match on Magma Chamber in any the following ways :
Kill 100 minions
Destroy the enemy turret
Score first blood in 1v1 , or score 2 team kills in 2v2
When can we play ?
While you can watch the all-stars treat their favorite champions to a magma tan today , remember this is a sneak peek and the public release is still on the horizon . We 're targeting before the launch of Season 4 while we tackle the following :
Tech challenges : A one vs. one map is unlike any game mode we 've ever launched , and releasing it to millions is a lot different than letting the all-stars play on tournament realm . Before launch we need to load-test the servers and make sure we have the right supporting hardware in place .
A one vs. one map is unlike any game mode we 've ever launched , and releasing it to millions is a lot different than letting the all-stars play on tournament realm . Before launch we need to load-test the servers and make sure we have the right supporting hardware in place . More testing and optimizing : So far , Magma Chamber 's only optimized for tournament hardware , so there 's a lot of polish and bug sweeping left to finish . Before we can launch , the map needs to run smoothly on our full range of hardware , from the humblest min-spec to the most impressive gaming rig .
: So far , Magma Chamber 's only optimized for tournament hardware , so there 's a lot of polish and bug sweeping left to finish . Before we can launch , the map needs to run smoothly on our full range of hardware , from the humblest min-spec to the most impressive gaming rig . Game balance : Getting a map ready for live requires a lot of iteration on the design side . Right now we know it 's fun to watch the best players in the world throw down one vs. one , but we need more testing ( including a full tour on the PBE ) to make sure it 's balanced and fun to play !
We know Season 4 seems like it 's a long way off , but we 're using that time to get Magma Chamber shipshape and ready for launch . Stay tuned for more as we get closer to the new season .
MOSCOW -- The parents of one of two purported Russian ground fighters captured in Syria by Islamic State ( IS ) militants have told RFE/RL they were instructed by the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) `` not to make a fuss '' about their captivity .
The claim threatens to draw attention to a potentially awkward development for the Kremlin , which has publicly limited Russia 's military campaign there to air strikes but has been dogged by reports that it is secretly waging war on the ground through mercenaries working for a company called Vagner .
Working as a mercenary is illegal under Russian law .
But the brother of one of the apparent captives told RFE/RL that their brother had been fighting for Vagner , saying , `` They send them to slaughter -- lure them with money and then abandon them -- because professional soldiers ca n't fight like they do . ''
On October 3 , the IS propaganda arm Amaq published a video purporting to show two Russian soldiers captured in Syria . Both men appeared in grubby gray overalls with bruising on their face , one with a heavily swollen eye .
In the clip , one man identifies themselves as Roman Zabolotny and says they were born in 1979 in the southern Russian region of Rostov . They identify the man sitting silently next to them as Grigory Tsurkanu , born in 1978 in the Domodedovo region of Moscow Oblast .
The men are said in the video to have been captured near Deir al-Zor , where the Syrian Army with Russian air support this week launched a major offensive on IS strongholds .
The Russian Defense Ministry has denied the men in the video are Russian soldiers , while the Foreign Ministry has said it is trying to establish their identities .
President Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on October 4 that `` of course Moscow is concerned about the fate of these citizens if they are Russian citizens . ''
The next day , Peskov declined to comment , telling Interfax , `` Naturally the possible circumstances of their capture [ and ] the confirmation of their identities -- this is something for the corresponding agencies to handle . ''
'Sent To Slaughter Without Respect '
In comments to RFE/RL 's Russian Service on October 4 , Roman Tsurkanu said the man in the video is their brother , Grigory . They said their brother had traveled to the Middle East in May and was fighting for the private military contractor Vagner .
Tsurkanu said they believed their brother had joined Vagner to earn money to support their two children . They described a highly secretive arrangement in which fighters are required to keep their employment secret .
`` If there even is a contract , then no one sees it , no one knows where it is kept . They sign a nondisclosure document . The only thing I know is that they describe everything beforehand : that [ in the case of death ] medals and money will be returned to relatives . ''
Roman Tsurkanu complained that their brother had superior combat skills but was used as cannon fodder . `` I just do n't understand why we keep contractors there , why we ca n't make our own elite troops from them , ... why they use them like meat , and why it 's those who have combat qualities , who are real fighters . What 's more , it 's illegal , they 're sent to slaughter without respect . ''
Mercenaries are illegal in Russia , and rumors of the existence of Vagner have repeatedly been denied . In August , an image was posted on social media showing Putin meeting Dmitry Utkin , who has been identified in multiple reports as the founder of an unregistered private military-contracting agency called Vagner . Putin spokesperson Peskov confirmed the authenticity of the photograph , which was reportedly taken at a Kremlin reception in December .
'Do n't Make A Fuss '
Roman Tsurkanu said their brother 's departure in May was not their first tour in Syria and that they had also fought in eastern Ukraine in 2014 on the side of Russia-backed separatists against Ukrainian forces .
Moscow eventually acknowledged its covert invasion of Crimea in 2014 but has repeatedly denied sending troops and weapons to the ongoing conflict zones in Ukraine , despite evidence of official involvement . A shaky Ukrainian cease-fire was signed in February 2015 .
`` They were sending them packing , only Comrade Putin , dammit , signed a cease-fire , '' Roman Tsurkanu said to suggest that the Russians were handily defeating the pro-Kyiv forces .
Reached by telephone , Roman Tsurkanu initially agreed to speak to RFE/RL 's Russian Service in person and on camera at their family home but then stopped taking calls .
RFE/RL 's Russian Service spoke to Roman and Grigory 's parents , both pensioners , who said they had been instructed by phone `` not to make a fuss '' about incident . They later said the call had come from the FSB .
`` We will wait , '' the Tsurkanus told RFE/RL , `` If they 're not freed , we 'll call you , journalists . ''
Cossack From Rostov
A group of bloggers known as the Conflict Intelligence Team identified the other man in the video , Zabolotny , as a Cossack from the southern Rostov region . The Don Cossacks confirmed in comments to Interfax that Zabolotny was a Cossack from the Rostov region , saying : `` The Cossacks are praying that Roman comes home . The publication of this video with them is a shock . ''
The blogger group also suggested that both Zabolotny and Tsurkanu were mercenaries . Comparing open-source photographs , the group also said Zabolotny had likely taken part in an attack in April on a campaign office in Rostov set up by opposition politician Aleksei Navalny .
Anatoly Kotlyarov , a deputy in the Rostov-on-Don City Duma , told Interfax that they had recently met Zabolotny , although they said they were not closely acquainted with him . On October 5 , Kotlyarov said they had `` received information from a reliable source that they have been executed in Syria . I would like it not to be so , but at the moment that is the information . ''
Written by Tom Balmforth in Moscow based on reporting by RFE/RL 's Russian Service
A computer security researcher has launched a project designed to provide people greater privacy when using Google , as the company expands the scope of data its collects about its users .
The project , called GoogleSharing , is a Firefox add-on that uses an anonymous proxy service that gives Google false information when someone uses services that do n't require an account , such as its search , news , and images services , said Moxie Marlinspike , a security consultant and penetration tester with the Institute of Disruptive Studies .
Google collects a vast amount of information about its users , said Marlinspike , who gave a presentation at last week 's Black Hat conference . The company collects IP ( Internet protocol ) addresses , search requests , browser type and more .
Google as well as other major search companies have taken steps to allay concerns over data collection , such as anonymizing parts of IP addresses held in their records after certain periods of time . But Google dictates how it anonymizes information that could potentially be collated later to profile a user , Marlinspike said .
With IP addresses , for example , Google anonymizes the last octet of the address after nine months , Marlinspike said . Some privacy advocates argue that does not go far enough . Google also uses cookies , or data files stored by a browser , to associate search queries with a particular installation of a browser on a given computer .
`` The main problem is that they [ Google ] have a lot of data , '' Marlinspike said . `` They do record everything . Forever . In many ways , the information they have probably paints a more complete picture of you than even your best friend would know . ''
So Marlinspike built GoogleSharing , an add-on for Firefox . When it is enabled , GoogleSharing detects when someone is using a Google service that does n't need a login .
If it 's a search request , for example , GoogleSharing then strips the request of its cookie . The search request is encrypted and sent to a customized proxy server .
`` You get SSL [ secure sockets layer ] protection on your local area network for Google services that normally do n't provide https : // access , '' Marlinspike said .
The proxy server then assigns a different yet valid Google cookie to the request and washes the requests of its original HTTP headers . The request is then sent to Google , Marlinspike said . Google returns the answer to the proxy server , which is then passed on to the client .
There are other anonymizing services that provide a greater degree of privacy protection such as The Onion Router ( TOR ) , Marlinspike said . TOR should be used for high-value searches , they said .
But TOR is `` painfully slow , '' Marlinspike said . Since TOR also strips out HTTP headers , Google may treat the request as an attempt to abuse its services , displaying a CAPTCHA ( Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart ) that a person must solve and respond to before it will deliver search results . That can disrupt a person 's productivity .
GoogleSharing is fast , transparent and does n't interrupt someone 's workflow , Marlinspike said .
With GoogleSharing , '' what you 're trying to protect are your searches ... that are only valuable in aggregate that paint a really big picture of who you are , '' Marlinspike said .
Anyone can run a GoogleSharing proxy server . Although those running one of those proxies would have access to the same information Google would have received , `` those that are running a GoogleSharing proxy server are in a much worse position than Google to make use of that information , '' Marlinspike said .
If enough people run GoogleSharing proxies , queries could be distributed among all of the proxies , further diluting the information pool . The add-on can also be configured to use a specific proxy , they said .
`` Your intent in using Google is not actually to share information with them , '' Marlinspike said . `` When you 're using Google you 're not actually trying to give them your personal information . You 're just trying to make use of the services . ''
Google did not have an immediate comment , although the company explains on its privacy pages that it keeps search engine data such as queries in order to improve the service and for the security of its systems .
Google introduced a dashboard in November 2009 that lets users see and manage some of the data that the company holds . But users must have an account to access that panel , and it does n't show other information the company may have collected .
Russia is making preparations for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's visit to Moscow next month , the Kremlin said Wednesday .
In January , Moscow said Kim had accepted an invitation to Russia 's Victory Day ceremony and they were expected to attend the event on May 9 in Moscow . The event marks the 70th anniversary of Russia 's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II . According to media reports , at least 26 world leaders are also expected to attend the ceremony .
“ At this moment , we are working through all the logistical questions with all the foreign delegations coming to the May 9 celebrations , including the North Korean delegation , ” said the Kremlin 's press office in an email sent to VOA 's Korean Service .
The potential visit would be Kim 's first chance to appear on the international stage . Kim is not known to have visited a foreign country or met a head of state since they took power in late 2011 . Pyongyang has not commented on a potential visit for Kim , and some analysts remain skeptical the young leader would choose Moscow over Beijing , a longtime ally of Pyongyang , for their first trip . But the Kremlin seems confident of Kim 's attendance .
“ Let me assure you once again that the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is expected to participate in the May 9 celebrations , ” said the Kremlin 's press office .
Earlier , South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said President Park Geun-hye will not attend the ceremony , ruling out the possibility of the first meeting between leaders of two Koreas since 2007 . Park will send their aide to the event .
President Obama will also skip the event . Last week , the State Department said President Obama will send their envoy to Moscow to the ceremony . Some European countries are boycotting the event over Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and its role in the conflict in eastern Ukraine .
U.S. Sues BP , Others Over Gulf Oil Spill
The Justice Department on Wednesday filed the first federal lawsuit over the massive Gulf oil spill . Government lawyers have sued BP , Transocean and seven other corporate defendants . The companies are accused of taking short cuts on safety .
This afternoon , the Justice Department filed the first federal lawsuit over the massive Gulf oil spill . Government lawyers have sued BP , Transocean and seven other corporate defendants .
As NPR 's Carrie Johnson reports , the companies are accused of taking shortcuts on safety .
CARRIE JOHNSON : Attorney General Eric Holder says today 's lawsuit represents the beginning of a long legal fight . Justice Department lawyers have been working night and day , they say , to hold BP , Transocean and other companies accountable for the fiery explosion and the spill that followed .
Mr. ERIC HOLDER ( U.S. Attorney General ) : While today 's civil action marks a crucial first step forward , it is not , it is not a final step . Both our criminal and civil investigations are continuing , and our work to ensure that the American taxpayers are not forced to bear the costs of restoring the Gulf area and its economy goes on .
JOHNSON : The government civil case relies on two major environmental laws : the Oil Pollution Act , which allows it to recover clean up cost ; and the Clean Water Act , which carries the promise of even higher financial rewards if the Obama administration can prove the companies acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct .
The lawsuit accuses the companies of failing to control the well , not using proper equipment and not paying enough attention to conditions on the rig and under the water . The Justice Department lawsuit does n't ask for a specific amount of money .
Civil division chief Tony West explains why .
Mr. TONY WEST ( Assistant Attorney General , Civil Division , Justice Department ) : It 's going to take years to fully quantify what the damages are to the environment , to natural resources , any other economic damages . We 've explicitly reserved in our complaint the right to come back and to add claims or to add defendants if necessary .
JOHNSON : Any money the federal government recovers usually goes into the U.S. Treasury .
Lisa Jackson leads the Environmental Protection Agency , and they say plans are under way to try and give some of that money back to Gulf communities .
Carrie Johnson , NPR News , Washington .
Copyright © 2010 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Rep. Steve Stockman MIA ?
The suburban Houston Republican and fierce conservative is mounting a long-shot challenge from the right against Senate minority whip John Cornyn but has made virtually no public appearances in Texas as questions mount about their campaign finances . Now , he 's stopped showing up for their day job , too .
Stockman has missed 17 straight House votes since Jan. 9— including one on the $ 1.1 trillion omnibus federal spending package they promised on Twitter to vote against . That 's unusual since , even though Stockman has a reputation as a Capitol Hill renegade , they missed only about a dozen major votes all last year .
Story Continued Below
The disappearance is mystifying for conservative activists who were hoping Stockman could help them land another blow against the GOP establishment this year . Texas has been a showcase for the right wing 's power since firebrand Ted Cruz rose from back in the party 's ranks in 2012 to become a U.S. Senate sensation .
But Stockman 's challenge has slipped from quixotic to downright unusual .
`` He thought they were another Ted Cruz and they are n't , '' said William Murray , chairperson of the Washington-based Government is Not God PAC , which backed Stockman 's congressional campaigns in the 1990s and 2012 but has now endorsed Cornyn .
Once a homeless college dropout , Stockman is a born-again Christian who lists their official occupation as `` Constitutionalist . '' They served one term in Congress beginning in 1994 , then returned last year and has attracted attention in conservative circles with flamboyant rhetoric about impeaching President Barack Obama and promoting gun rights . Stockman even had a copy of the book `` Impeachable Offenses : The Case for Removing Barack Obama from Office '' hand-delivered to all 435 House members .
After first dropping out of sight , the member of congress recently was spotted on a visit to Egypt as a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee — but where he 's gone since then is unclear .
Stockman 's staff wo n't say where they are . They have ignored more than six weeks of emails , telephone messages and social media posts from The Associated Press and other news outlets .
Cornyn , seeking their third term , has a campaign that 's been more responsive : `` It 's up to Texans to decide if they think someone who does n't show up to work or adhere to election law deserves a promotion , '' said spokesperson Drew Brandewie .
Though skipping votes is n't uncommon for members of congress who are campaigning , Stockman has n't done much campaigning , even with Texas ' March 4 Republican primary now looming .
Since suddenly withdrawing their bid for re-election to their House seat and filing against Cornyn on Dec. 9 , Stockman has made just one major public appearance in Texas— chastising Cornyn as too liberal before about 50 tea party activists at a north Dallas church Jan. 14 . That followed theirs skipping a scheduled appearance before a larger tea party group in Bedford , near Fort Worth .
Dale Huls , a board member of the Clear Lake Tea Party in Stockman 's district , said the member of congress has been quietly courting conservative organizations and local grassroots activists . Still , they called Stockman 's campaign `` a little chaotic . ''
`` I would expect a more transparent staff to citizens and tea party groups , '' Huls said .
Stockman 's problems go beyond visibility . They have reported having only about $ 32,000 in cash on-hand and $ 163,000 in debts , while Cornyn 's campaign fund is nearly $ 7 million .
Murray , of the Government is Not God PAC , said they got a call soliciting donations for Stockman but `` I was so furious they were throwing away that congressional seat , I dressed them down pretty good . ''
The anti-tax Club for Growth has shunned them — after spending around $ 5.5 million to help Cruz upset mainstream Republican contender David Dewhurst in the state 's 2012 U.S. Senate GOP primary .
Since making it back to Congress , Stockman has thrived on shock-value publicity , claiming `` Democrats worship abortion with the same fervor the Canaanites worshipped Molech '' and offering supporters a campaign bumper sticker reading , `` If babies had guns , they would n't be aborted . '' A Stockman campaign website suggesting that Cornyn secretly supports the White House-backed health care law even doctored what appears to be an old picture of then-Florida Gov . Charlie Crist beaming at the president to make it look like Cornyn was the one doing so .
But investigations by The Houston Chronicle and the watchdog Sunlight Foundation have uncovered a bevy of potential violations of Federal Election Commission rules . In October , Stockman fired two congressional staffers for making prohibited contributions to their campaign .
Some tea party groups maintain that Stockman can still rally . `` I know that Steve has gotten hit from multiple sides , '' said Larry Ward , political director of the Revolution PAC in Washington , `` but that would n't be happening if they were n't a serious threat . ''
WASHINGTON -- Laura Perkins Cox is watching intently from their Garland home as Congress debates an issue poised to affect their family : whether women should be required to register for the draft .
Cox has two teenage daughters . If the measure , which has been debated on Capitol Hill for months , becomes law , both of their girls would need to sign up for the Selective Service when they turn 18 .
The issue has driven debate in Congress and among Texas lawmakers , including Sen. Ted Cruz and Dallas Rep. Pete Sessions , over gender equality in the armed forces , and more broadly , whether the all-volunteer military still needs the draft registry .
Depending on whom you ask , women signing up for the Selective Service is either the next step in reaching parity in the military , especially after winning the fight to serve in combat roles -- or the consequence of it .
For Cox , a Navy veteran and former Garland City Council member , the proposal would be the latest victory for women seeking better pay and promotion opportunities .
`` We 've come a long way but have a ways to go , '' they said . `` Adding women to the draft register advances that progress . ''
Them 13-year-old daughter , Sarah , had a simpler take : `` Why do [ boys ] have to do something that we do n't have to do ? That 's not fair . ''
Congress has been at odds over the issue for months after Sen. John McCain , the Arizona Republican and chairperson of the Senate Armed Services committee , added language to the annual defense spending bill that would require women ages 18 to 26 to register for the Selective Service .
Their measure follows the Department of Defense 's decision in December to open up all combat roles to women . Some believe that changes the legal basis for a 1981 Supreme Court decision that women could be exempted from draft registration because they were ineligible for combat .
The new requirement would affect as many as 11 million women , according to a nonpartisan Congressional Research Service report in April . Women who turn 18 on or after Jan. 1 , 2018 , would be required to sign up .
McCain 's proposal has won support from Republicans and Democrats , with many saying it 's a natural progression of gender equality . But Cruz and Sessions staunchly oppose the idea and have taken steps to block the requirement .
Cruz , who sparred with McCain last week over the matter , says it 's a `` radical change '' from U.S. law and accused supporters of `` embracing '' President Barack Obama 's position `` without meaningful public debate . '' While still on the presidential campaign trail , Cruz blasted the idea as `` nuts '' and warned against forcing the country 's `` daughters '' into service .
Team of elite police officers notorious for killing criminals in shoot-outs in the 90s say rising crime means squad is needed
They were known as `` the encounter squad '' , a team of elite police officers who left a trail of hundreds of dead criminals behind them . Heroes to the local media , notorious as extra-judicial killers to others , the 12 best-known among them became celebrities .
But when their brand of rough justice was no longer seen as useful or desirable , they underwent a spectacular fall from grace . Few if any were charged with murder , but most were suspended over allegations of corruption , and some left the force for good .
Now , with violent crime on the rise again in India 's commercial capital , they are hoping for a comeback . Little other than their biceps and the .45 pistol in their jeans waistband distinguishes Daya Nayak from the other clients of a popular coffee bar in a wealthy suburb of north Mumbai . But Nayak was one of the best-known of the `` encounter specialists '' , killing 83 people in an eight-year period .
In their first interview since being suspended on suspicion of corruption in 2006 , Nayak told the Guardian that the men they shot were `` all guilty criminals '' who themselves had murdered many . They have now been cleared of all the charges against them and is looking forward to resuming their career .
`` Now I am just waiting for them to decide what to do with me . I am keeping my old network alive . I am getting information . I am ready for when they need me again . I am waiting to bounce back , '' says Nayak .
Another veteran of the encounter squad is Sachin Waze , 39 , who killed 63 people . `` I do n't think about it ever . Every one of them deserved to go and they went , '' they say . `` In my blood I am a police officer . I did n't do it for money . It was for fame , recognition and to serve the public . ''
According to Waze , they and their colleagues were responsible for `` cleaning up '' Mumbai . `` Before we started , there were 33 extortion attempts a day . You could not drive a Mercedes without getting a call . When it ended there were none . Now [ police ] are scared to draw their weapons and the level of extortion is going back up again and there are weekly shoot-outs , '' Waze adds .
The encounter squad was formed – with the tacit assent of local political and police authorities – in the late 1990s , when heavily armed gangsters threatened to turn Mumbai into a conflict zone .
One of the reasons for the squad 's creation was the weakness of the criminal justice system . Slow , corrupt and ineffective , the creaking court process meant that securing convictions against organised criminals was virtually impossible . By contrast , the encounter squad offered an efficient – if bloody and controversial – solution : over a seven-year period , more than a thousand criminals died at the hands of the police . Critics said they were little more than extra-judicial killings .
Of the original `` Mumbai 's Dirty Harrys '' as the press dubbed them , few have survived in service .
Inspector Pradeep Sharma – whose catchline to reporters was `` criminals are filth and I 'm the cleaner '' – is fighting charges of murder and corruption . They logged 103 killings , boasting of being addicted to `` encounters '' , before being suspended .
Another well-known member of the squad , Vijay Salaskar , was killed by Islamic militants in the November 2008 attack on luxury hotels and a range of other targets in Mumbai .
Three major Bollywood films have already been made about Nayak 's rags-to-riches story and more are planned , but beyond the best-known names , dozens of other police officers have also been investigated for their part in the killings .
`` They are almost all in bad circumstances , '' says Waze , who has since built up a successful security business . `` Most just want to go back to doing what they do best : their jobs . ''
Now the police force is quietly allowing some of the encounter specialists to wear uniform once again . Waze , Nayak and the others cite the example of one former colleague , an officer with 90 killings to their name , who has now rejoined the 40,000-strong Mumbai police after a five-year suspension . Three other lower ranking police officers were readmitted with him . Another top `` encounter specialist '' refused to talk to the Guardian , as their suspension too has been lifted .
A press campaign is beginning to build up steam . Sympathetic journalists in the city 's sensationalist and widely read tabloid newspapers have written that a new wave of gang leaders are taking the place of those who once terrorised the city .
Last summer saw a spate of killings by associates of major criminals , leading local crime reporters to compare the situation to 1998 , when , after laws were passed banning the use of lethal force other than as a last resort , there were more than 100 shoot-outs .
Yet it may well be that the time of the encounter specialists has definitively passed . The chaos of the 1990s has given way to the marginally better-ordered economic boom of today .
Mumbai is the richest city in India and the idea of gunning down criminals on its streets , where expensive foreign cars now compete with rickshaws and overcrowded buses for space , seems almost unimaginable . `` It was a totally wrong approach . They got information from one gang to kill their competitors . They were thugs in uniform , '' says Julio Ribeiro , a former Mumbai police commissioner .
`` Mumbai has moved on . It is a different place . It 's a very good thing that they have gone . They should stay gone . ''
A colonial style of policing
If India has modernised rapidly in some areas , policing remains largely unchanged since the days of British rule . Underpaid , undermanned and under-equipped , those charged with enforcing law and order in the seething cities and poverty-stricken countryside have a well-deserved reputation for corruption – on a small and grand scale – and systematic brutality .
No accountability , a lack of training , almost no capacity to conduct forensic analysis and a criminal justice system that is so slow that it can take years for a case to reach court have together encouraged police officers to rely on `` confessions '' to resolve investigations . Beatings with the lathi – a thick bamboo stave tipped with metal – are so common as to go unremarked by the media .
`` A bit of lathi does no harm , '' said one retired police officer in Mumbai . By some estimates , around 800 prisoners die in custody in India each year . About four people died or were killed in police custody every day in India between 2002 and 2007 , the Asian Centre for Human Rights said in a report .
Crowd control training and non-lethal equipment is rare , so officers routinely open fire on protestors – whether farmers demonstrating against the forced sale of their land or teenagers throwing stones in Kashmir . Lower ranking Indian police officers do not normally carry arms .
Significant political pressure to achieve results as well as poor living conditions , long hours and low salaries for police officers exacerbates the problem , a 2009 report by the campaign group Human Rights Watch claimed .
Many hundreds of police officers are killed or injured each year . Medical care is poor and support for families limited . Most police belong to state forces .
Many states have taken steps to improve conduct , conditions and crime-fighting tactics in recent years .
The Honorable Governor Ralph Northam
1111 East Broad Street
Richmond , VA 23219
Governor Northam :
In February 2017 , you wrote to the DEQ that MVP and ACP “ should be held to the highest environmental standards ” and “ must undergo a thorough evaluation of their impacts on our natural resources. ” Now is the time for you to prove that you meant those words . ACT NOW to restore integrity and openness to these regulatory processes ?
* Direct DEQ to assess the potential water quality impacts for individual stream and wetland crossings , in combination with the project 's other impacts on water quality , rather than rely on the US Army Corps of Engineers Nationwide Permit .
* Direct DEQ to hold public comment periods for erosion and sediment control , stormwater , and karst mitigation plans before final approval and to present recommendations to the State Water Control Board based on its own findings and the public 's comments and ask for official Board action to approve or disapprove those plans .
* Direct DEQ to inform MVP and ACP that tree-felling is prohibited unless and until the applicants meet all conditions in the certifications issued by the Board .
A Nevada lawyer has posted a series of videos on YouTube that show the deadly May 17 , 2015 shootout at Waco 's Twin Peaks restaurant .
Stephen P. Stubbs , a tax attorney in Henderson , Nev. , says they do not represent any of the bikers charged in the shootout .
They told KWTX Tuesday they posted the videos , which they said were obtained from a variety of media sources they refused to identify , in hopes that the truth about the shootout will be reported .
The videos were recorded by security cameras inside the restaurant and law enforcement cameras outside the building .
Nine bikers all of whom were members of either the Bandidos or the Cossacks , died of gunshot wounds .
Another 20 bikers were injured .
Officers arrested 177 bikers , all of whom were initially charged with engaging in organized crime and were ordered held in lieu of $ 1 million bonds .
Since then another 15 have been arrested after they were named in sealed indictments .
More than 150 bikers have been indicted .
Ballistics reports obtained earlier show four of the bikers were killed by shots from .223-caliber rifles , the only type of weapon fired by police during the melee .
Two had wounds from only that kind of rifle ; the other two were also struck by shots fired from other guns .
The five other bikers who were killed only had wounds from other guns .
It 's not clear whether any bikers had .223-caliber rifles .
New York Cosmos have agreed terms with former the Real Madrid striker Raúl , reports on Monday said .
ESPNFC.com say that the Spanish striker will join the NASL club in time for the 2015 season , and will head the youth academy which will launch next year . The 37-year-old last played in March , for the Qatari side Al-Saad , where they moved to from Schalke in the Bundesliga .
The striker made their name for Real Madrid , where they spent 16 years , until 2010 , during which time they won six La Liga titles and three Champions League winner 's medals . They played 102 times for Spain , and is the second top scorer , with 44 goals .
It is believed that Real Madrid had offered them the chance to become their technical director , but it seems the Cosmos have won the race for their signature .
CLOSE Fantasy enthusiasts show off their garb . Patrick Calvert / The Star
Buy Photo Brittany Fenrich poses for a photo at GenCon 2015 , held at the Indianapolis Convention Center , Thursday July 30th , 2015 . ( Photo : Michelle Pemberton / The Star ) Buy Photo
For the first time , more women than men will serve on Gen Con 's Industry Insiders Featured Presenters list . 13 women and 12 men will host seminars and attend panels during the mega-convention , which runs from Aug. 4-7 .
Why does this matter ? Women in gaming — video , tabletop , you name it — have been a hot-button topic for years . Just see the ongoing # GamerGate controversy . Last year , Gen Con itself courted controversy by initially announcing plans to have a `` Writing Women Friendly Comics '' panel that included no women . After an outcry , women were added to the panel .
In introducing its Featured Presenters , Gen Con touted the lineup as being `` as diverse as the program itself . ''
Jessica Price , a tabletop gaming manager and Featured Presenter , wrote in a blog that `` five years ago , the ratio of women to men in the Insiders was 1:16 ( 6.25 % ) . Two years ago , it was 4 out of 25 ( 16 % ) . ''
`` I do n't think I can emphasize enough how big of a deal this is . Gen Con last year had over 60,000 attendees . I ca n't think of another gaming convention that size that had a featured speaker lineup with actual gender parity , '' Price wrote .
Allison Carter is an engagement producer at IndyStar . Follow them on Twitter @ AllisonLCarter .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/27tIA1i
Honda has introduced the company 's first robotic lawn mower for use in the United States , Miimo . The Miimo robotic lawn mower uses a microcomputer , timer and sensors to provide automated , unattended grass cutting within a defined lawn area . Honda 's battery -powered robotic mower delivers quiet operation , recharges quickly and offers three different programmable cutting patterns with a programmable timer setting for easy , beautiful lawn care .
`` Honda Power Equipment 's Miimo lawn mower delivers a beautiful lawn without homeowners having to physically cut their grass , '' said Michael Rudolph , Vice President - Honda Power Equipment . `` For customers who want to be on the cutting edge of technology , have busy lifestyles and do n't have the time for lawn care , or for customers who do n't enjoy cutting the grass , Miimo is the high-tech approach to achieving a beautiful yard . ''
How does Miimo Do It ?
Both Miimo models operate within a boundary wire , installed by Honda Power Equipment dealers underground or on top of the ground around the perimeter of the area to be mowed , and a combination of controls , timers and real-time sensory feedback . Miimo detects the electric field from the wire and stays within the boundary . Boundary wires also protect obstacles such as trees , ponds or flowerbeds .
In addition , Honda Miimo 's quick turn mechanism allows the unit to change direction in a sweeping forward motion rather than having to reverse itself—a feature that reduces overall cut time . The mower 's seasonal timer can be programmed with cutting intervals that match grass growth rates , and day/night modes are customizable to fit consumer 's individual needs .
The Honda Miimo robotic mower is designed with optimal functionality , safety , and security in mind . Both the HRM 310 and the HRM 520 models feature independent 360-degree sensors and a floating cover that detect solid contacts between the unit and any obstacles . If a sensor is activated , the lawn mower is designed to stop ( when it touches a human or pet , for example ) turn , and move in a different direction from the point of contact . Miimo is equipped with anti-theft protection that will sound an alarm and disengage operation if the mower is lifted from the ground . The unit can only be re-started once the owner enters a unique anti-theft PIN code . Codes can be managed and reset via the easy-to-use control panel .
Miimo offers three main cutting modes ; Random , Directional or Mixed , resulting in an even and consistent cut , less stress on the lawn , healthy , clean growth and fewer weeds .
Random is the most effective for mowing large , open areas of grass . When Miimo detects the boundary wire , Miimo will make a turn at a wide angle
Directional is the recommended setting for narrow areas . When Miimo detects the boundary wire , it will turn at a narrow angle
Mixed is a combination of the Random and Directional pattern . Miimo alternates between Random and Directional mowing patterns at regular intervals
Two additional cutting options , Spiral and Edge , are available . Spiral mode enables Miimo to concentrate mowing on areas where the growth speed of the lawn may be faster than the rest of the lawn . Edge mode sends Miimo to mow along the edge of the lawn along the boundary wire first , before mowing the rest of the lawn in the chosen mowing pattern .
Compared with a traditional lawn mower , the Honda Miimo robotic mower cuts less grass height each time , but cuts the lawn more frequently . Miimo creates miniscule clippings that are easily dispersed into the lawn root system—breaking down quickly to act as a natural fertilizer that improves the overall quality of the grass .
Powered by a high performance lithium-ion battery , Miimo is self-charging , constantly monitoring its battery level and returning to its docking station when it needs to recharge . Miimo will recharge when its battery charge registers below 30 percent . The HRM 310 model , with a battery capacity of 22.2 volt ( V ) /1.8 Ah , can mow for up to 30 minutes on a single charge ; the HRM 520 model also is capable of mowing for up to 60 minutes , depending on the complexity of the lawn , on a single charge and has a battery capacity of 22.2V/3.6 Ah . The Miimo HRM 310 model will self-charge in 30 minutes and the HRM 520 will self-charge in 60 minutes using a 120V outlet .
Honda 's Miimo robotic lawn mower can tackle virtually any type and shape of lawn , including slopes as steep as 25 degrees and also navigates smoothly around features like ponds , fences and trees . The mower features a cutting width of 8.7 inches and a cutting height range of .8 inches - 2.4 inches ( 20mm - 60 mm ) .
The Miimo HRM 310 model , weighing approximately 26 pounds , is capable of cutting up to a half acre and the Miimo HRM 520 model , weighing just over 26 pounds , can cut larger lawns , up to a maximum of 0.75 acres and features a larger battery . Both models are equipped with high-traction wheels and high quality , ductile heat-treated , pivoting steel blades that spin clockwise and counter-clockwise for longer life . The two Honda Miimo robotic mower models will be available starting in June .
Source and top image : Honda
Posted on by Barbara Peterson
By Barbara H. Peterson
Farm Wars
Think it ? You 're guilty , according to Homeland Security . FAST , which stands for Future Attribute Screening Technology , is designed to measure a person 's response to certain questions , indicating mal-intent .
The research protocols are developed and executed to measure specific psychophysiological responses . The responses the sensors identify would be presented to screening professionals so those professionals could determine whether the responses indicate malintent ( the desire to cause harm ) . FAST
Download the PDF taken from the Homeland Security site here : FAST
The baseline for the project is the development and validation of the Theory of Malintent . Malintent is the intent to cause harm . Although individuals may experience malintent in a variety of situations , the specific focus of FAST is identifying individuals who exhibit physiological indications , which in the specific screening settings , are determined to be associated with malintent . Behavioral scientists hypothesize that someone with malintent may act strangely , show mannerisms out of the norm , or experience extreme physiological reactions based on the extent , time , and consequences of the event . The FAST technology design capitalizes on these indicators to identify individuals exhibiting characteristics associated with malintent . The scope of malintent has three distinguishing factors : the extent of planned harm , the future time horizon of the event , and the consequences to the individual who is planning the event . The extent of harm can range from individuals planning to cause a disturbance or use false documents to individuals who are planning an assassination or terrorist attack . The future time horizon can range from planning an event year in advance to planning to carry out the act immediately after passing through screening . The consequences to the actor ( perceived as either positive or negative ) can range from none to being temporarily detained to deportation , prison , or death . FAST
It used to be , “ commit a crime , go to jail. ” Now it is “ think about committing a crime , go to jail . ”
FAST seeks to improve the screening process at transportation and other critical checkpoints by developing behavior-based screening techniques that will provide additional indicators to screeners to enable them to make more informed decisions . FAST
This is a portable unit , which can and most likely will be deployed at major events such as concerts , sporting events , airports , border crossings , and wherever else large groups of people congregate .
The project 's purpose is to determine the ultimate operational suitability of specific sensors or combinations of sensors for deployment by security officials in environments such as special events , mass transit portals , and border crossings . FAST
Advertisements
Share this : Share
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Filed under : domestic terrorism , Human Rights , Police State , Security , Tyranny , Uncategorized | Tagged : FAST , Future Attribute Screening Technology , homeland security , pre-crime , thought crime |
North Carolina point guard Kendall Marshall had surgery Monday morning , a day after breaking their right wrist in an NCAA round of 32 victory .
The school released a statement confirming the procedure , saying a screw was inserted into their fractured scaphoid bone but that it was n't known whether the sophomore would be available to play Friday in the NCAA regional semifinals against the No . 13 seed Ohio Bobcats .
`` Successful morning , '' a post on Marshall 's Twitter account said . `` I 'm screwed . ''
The No . 1-seeded Tar Heels beat Creighton 87-73 on Sunday night as Marshall had 18 points with 11 assists .
Marshall 's father wrote Monday afternoon on Twitter that their son was coming off anesthesia , and `` all Kendall keeps asking for is their teammates . ''
Dennis Marshall later told The Associated Press the procedure done in Chapel Hill , N.C. , lasted about 35 minutes .
They said when Kendall plays again would be based on `` what would be best for Kendall in the long term . ''
`` I do n't know because Kendall 's just coming out of their anesthesia , we have n't talked and I do n't know how he 'll feel four days from now , '' Dennis Marshall said . `` We just do n't know .
`` Is it impossible they play this weekend ? No , it 's not . Is it likely they play next weekend ? It definitely is . It 's something we just do n't know . ''
Tar Heels coach Roy Williams echoed that uncertain sentiment Monday night on their radio show .
`` We can talk all we want to , 'if this ' and 'if that ' ... and that 's just a bunch of damn waste of time . There 's nothing else to talk about until we find out what the [ expletive ] is going on , and then we 'll talk about it . ''
Williams did however venture a somewhat pessimistic forecast in regards to Friday 's game saying , `` My guess is -- purely a guess -- that they will not play . But as I said , we 're uncertain . ''
The injury occurred with 10:56 left at Greensboro Coliseum when Marshall -- who naturally shoots left-handed -- was driving the lane for a right-handed layup . They were fouled hard by Creighton 's Ethan Wragge and crashed to the floor .
`` I kind of got pushed to the ground , '' Marshall said after the game . `` And I guess when I fell , I hurt my funny bone first , and that 's what I was most worried about . That 's fine . My wrist just got the worst of it . ''
Asked if they thought it was a clean play , Marshall replied : `` It was hard for me to tell . I was focused on making the basket . I watched the replay from one angle , and it was still hard to tell . Hopefully , they had their best intentions in mind of making a team play . ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Little House On The Prairie is a beloved series of American novels about life on the American frontier that was turned into a TV show in the '70s . The books were adapted into a Japanese TV show around the same time , in the form of an anime called Laura , The Prairie Girl . And if episode titles like `` Bullets Made By Dad , '' `` Something Terrible Happened ! '' and `` My House Is Burning ! ! '' are any indication , it did not fuck around .
Oh , OK , we guess it 's actually pretty adorable and gentle .
Nippon Animation
Never mind .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The story 's incredible popularity seems to stem from the fact that one of the books was one of the earliest American novels to be translated into Japanese after the Allies occupied the country at the end of World War II . It seems weird that Japan would immediately fall in love with a culture that had just finished demolishing their population with the most devastating weapon in history , but maybe they just wanted to look back at a simpler time , when Americans could only mass murder people in their own country .
Japan being into 1870s America is n't necessarily any weirder than , say , Americans loving Samurai stories , but Japan 's interest goes above and beyond . The publishers of Little House author Laura Ingalls Wilder 's autobiography are considering a Japanese translation because of how much Japan loves everything Prairie . It 's credited with popularizing quilting as a Japanese hobby . People saw the mom in the anime getting their quilt on and were inspired to take up the art and copy the patterns seen in the show . Tokyo has a yearly quilting festival that 's big enough to be hosted in the Tokyo Dome baseball stadium , and in 2015 the festival was Little House themed .
Slavery , trafficking and forced labour are crimes which sit at the far end of the labour exploitation spectrum . As Bridget Anderson observes , they are to `` badness '' what apple pie and motherhood are to `` goodness '' - that is , just as we all know that apple pie and motherhood are `` good '' , so everybody knows that these three are `` bad '' .
And by any measure , they 're getting worse . Barely a day passes without stories of trafficked women here or child slaves there . Governments all over are passing laws , NGO interest is exploding , films such as 12 Years A Slave are mobilising the media , and more people are either being exploited or are in sufficient precarity to be attuned to that exploitation .
Yet there are major problems with this trend . Although exploitation merits our attention , the contemporary focus on its extreme forms obscures far more than it reveals . By concentrating on extremes which are considered to lie outside of the liberal capitalist system , we are in fact led away from a discussion as to how liberal capitalism is itself responsible for these extremes , and for the wider exploitation and dispossession of which they are but the worst manifestations .
In what follows , I wish to make the case , therefore , not only that we must be more critical when thinking of trafficking , slavery and forced labour ; but that , conceptually and politically , we would do well to understand these apparently `` outside-of-the-system '' extremes as systemically necessary to the maintenance of liberal capitalism itself .
It is the discursive-ideological work that the idea of them does , that sustains both the fictitious binaries and the foundational principle upon which liberal capitalism rests . It is thus precisely due to their contemporary fragility in the context of capitalist crisis that we are currently witnessing such an upsurge in modern-day abolitionism .
Capitalism and contract
There are two core dualisms at the root of liberal capitalist mythology . These are those between consent and coercion , and freedom and force . Each can be understood as deriving from capitalism 's foundational principle - that of private property . For liberal capitalist theory , one 's property represents a sacrosanct extension of oneself , to be disposed of according to personal predilection , and protected as if part of one 's person .
In John Locke 's famous phrase , it is no less than `` natural law '' that man be entitled to `` life , liberty and estate '' . One is therefore free to sell one 's `` estate '' , or indeed to buy from someone else , so long as both parties exchange consensually and without their liberty being infringed upon by force or coercion .
This principle extends also to labour-power , which is viewed under capitalism as a property-like commodity to be bought and sold like any other . In this understanding , provided the worker can freely consent to the sale of their labour-power , without being subject by the capitalist to force or coercion , then nothing untoward is said to have taken place , and the labour-capital exchange can be formalised in contract - precisely as one does , for instance , with the sale of a house .
It is those practices which do not conform to this model of consensual , contractual exchange that are seen to lie outside the bounds of legitimate , liberal capitalism and which are thus , by definition , illegitimate . In the case of material goods , this includes theft or forceful appropriation , while with labour , it includes `` trafficking '' , `` slavery '' or `` forced labour '' , since each boils definitionally down to the presence or absence of consent or coercion in the exacting of labour by one person from another .
Definitional discontents
All well and good , you might say . But how can we apply these dualism-respecting criteria to the nuanced and much more messy cases we find in real life ? Take , for example , the mother , who is so poor and so lacking in economic opportunities that they have to accept the proposal of the `` trafficker '' who promises to feed their children if only she 'll commit to a period of sexual servitude . Who is guilty of coercion here ? And where is the line between freedom and force ?
Or what about the Indian farmer , who is so indebted , as a result of trying to keep their family afloat , that they too agree to sell themselves into slavery-like debt-bondage in order to pay off what they owe ? Is their contract illegitimate simply because we find it morally unpleasant , and even though they have offered their consent ?
It is crucial to recognise that these are not merely philosophical questions . A wealth of academic research now demonstrates how often people at the margins of the global economy actually choose to submit themselves to such exploitation as the least bad option among their very limited set of alternatives . This includes many of those identified as victims of trafficking , slavery and forced labour , who often submit willingly to their exploitation , rather than being tricked or kidnapped .
Implications
The importance of this can not be underestimated . For it explodes the binaries which structure liberal capitalism 's idealised notion of consensual , contractual exchange , and the moral legitimacy of the ideology of private property that lies beneath it . It is clear that these workers have both consented to their treatment and simultaneously been coerced . Yet their coercion is not of the criminal , contract-violating type , but rather of the `` dull '' kind pertaining to `` economic relations '' - that is to say , it is attributable to the private property-protecting legal regime which strips them of any meaningful alternative .
It is thus exactly here that the idea of slavery , trafficking and forced labour does its discursive-ideological work . Recall that these three crimes are understood universally as `` bad '' and are presented , definitionally , as lying outside of the capitalist system , because they violate the principle of consensual exchange in the sale of labour-power . Well , presenting those cases which embody the breakdown of capitalism 's binaries as actually outside of the capitalist system , draws attention away from the fact that it is the system itself which is broken .
And depicting labour relationships which we find unpleasant as non-consensual , criminally coercive , and in a certain sense other , protects the system from the moral scrutiny that it deserves for creating those relationships , by pushing its legitimacy beyond the threatening reach of question .
It is arguably precisely because we are living through a generational crisis of capitalism , when the system 's contradictions and fictions are more apparent than ever , that we are now witnessing such an explosion of latter-day abolitionism . Although the emperor may not be entirely naked , their clothes are currently very frayed indeed . And , of course , while the inevitable response of their courtiers is to distract attention , that of their more loyal and prudish subjects is to look away .
For as Mark Fisher writes , `` It is easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism . '' And under those distressing circumstances , it is no less than a psychological self-defence mechanism to confront the locus of its most senseless and brutal failings - the body of the exploited worker who submits to their exploitation - with the cognitive dissonance that is and always has been the mainstay of `` sanity '' .
Neil Howard is a Marie Curie Research Fellow at the European University Institute in Florence . Their research focuses on labour , migration and trafficking .
Follow them on Twitter : @ neilphoward .
Dot Net WWE News : Update on Live Main Event TV shows on WWE Network
Mar 3 , 2014 - 01:20 PM WWE has confirmed to Prowrestling.net that the `` WWE Main Event '' television show will air live on the WWE Network every Tuesday at 7:00 p.m . ET from now until WrestleMania 30 .
Powell 's POV : Every Smackdown will be taped in the central or eastern time zone before WrestleMania 30 , so the timing works out , as the Main Event taping is held before Smackdown . The one exception could be WrestleMania week , as there is not a Smackdown taping advertised on the WWE Live Events page for that Tuesday yet . RECOMMEND THIS ARTICLE :
READ OUR INSIDER NEWS BEFORE ANYONE ELSE ! BECOME A MEMBER FOR JUST $ 7.50 A MONTH ( or less with a year-long sub ) - GET THE FIRST LOOK AT EXCLUSIVE INSIDER DOT NET NEWS , TONS OF EXCLUSIVE AUDIO CONTENT , MEMBER MESSAGE BOARD ACCESS , START YOUR OWN BLOG , AND VIEW THE SITE WITHOUT ANY ADVERTISING : SIGN ME UP ( or MORE INFO ) Email This Article | Printer Friendly Page | Back to Main Listing
RELATED ARTICLES FROM MGID AFFILIATE SITES ... Loading ...
Bolivia have angered the U.S. government by kicking out the DEA from the country , declaring the so-called ‘ war on drugs ' officially over .
Since the coca-growing country legalized coca ( the main ingredient in cocaine ) and banned the DEA from operating in Bolivia , they have reported a drop in crime rates and violence .
Naturalnews.com reports :
The coca leaf – which can be processed into cocaine – has been used by indigenous South American cultures for thousands of years . In its unprocessed leaf form , it is normally chewed or made into tea , and provides a mild stimulant effect along with numerous medicinal properties .
‘ Coca yes , cocaine no '
The use of the coca leaf for these purposes is a strong cultural tradition in Bolivia and the leaf is popular among the citizens of the country , so under the new policy , Bolivian farmers are allowed to grow a limited amount of coca for sale and use within the country – under strict monitoring to ensure that it is not processed into cocaine .
The “ coca yes , cocaine no ” system has largely ended the production of cocaine in the country and the violence and corruption associated with the illicit trade .
From Vice News :
“ Wherever you go in the Chapare — one of Bolivia 's two coca-growing regions — you hear … stories of life in the 1990s and early 2000s : narco-slayings , police violence and rapes , and coca-grower protests ending in violence and death .
“ You also hear gratitude that Bolivia has replaced a strategy of eradication with one of regulated production to meet historic national demand for coca .
“ Farmers feel particularly indebted to President Evo Morales , a former firebrand coca growers ' leader from the Chapare . Morales expelled the DEA from Bolivia in 2008 after violent confrontations in the region claimed 30 lives and they said they could no longer guarantee the US agents ' safety . ”
Bolivia 's success annoys Washington , threatens profitable war on drugs
The legalization of coca in Bolivia is a thorn in Washington 's side , however , which is not surprising since it goes against everything the U.S. policy on drugs is based upon .
The DEA 's annual budget of more than $ 2 billion might be threatened if other countries choose to follow Bolivia 's example , not to mention the fact that the success of the country 's new policy tends to negate the whole drug prohibition paradigm .
The U.S. war on drugs – both at home and abroad – is a cash cow for law enforcement agencies and those who build and operate prisons . It 's also an excuse to meddle in the affairs of foreign nations , while controlling and incarcerating millions of American citizens .
The failed war on drugs has cost American taxpayers more than $ 1 trillion since its launch in 1971 under President Richard Nixon , and continues to consume more than $ 50 billion per year .
No wonder the U.S. authorities feel threatened by Bolivia 's audacity in implementing such a program . It must be terrifying to those whose livelihood depends on the war on drugs – despite its having been a complete failure from its very inception .
The legalization of recreational marijuana in several states has proven that ending its prohibition not only causes crime rates to drop , but also that its regulation and taxation can actually fill public coffers instead of draining them and making criminals out of otherwise law-abiding ordinary citizens .
It 's time for Americans to recognize what the war on drugs really is : a way to fleece taxpayers and control the populace while actually promoting criminality and violence .
Let 's follow Bolivia 's example and kick out the DEA , along with all the others who profit from this senseless and wasteful scheme .
Who says you ca n't write obfuscated Python ?
Here 's a Python script which renders some Penrose tiling . Yes , this is valid Python code :
_ =\ `` '' '' if ! 1 : '' e , V=100 0 , ( 0j-1 ) * * -.2 ; v , S=.5/ V.real , [ ( 0,0,4 * e,4 * e * V ) ] ; w=1 -v '' def ! E ( T , A , B , C ) : P , Q , R=B * w+ A * v , B * w+C * v , A * w+B * v ; retur n [ ( 1 , Q , C , A ) , ( 1 , P , Q , B ) , ( 0 , Q , P , A ) ] * T+ [ ( 0 , C , R , B ) , ( 1 , R , C , A ) ] * ( 1-T ) '' f or ! i ! in ! _ [ :11 ] : S =sum ( [ E ( * x ) for ! x ! in ! S ] , [ ] ) '' imp ort ! cair o ! as ! O ; s=O.Ima geSurfac e ( 1 , e , e ) ; c=O.Con text ( s ) ; M , L , G=c . move_to , c.line_to , c.s et_sour ce_rgb a '' def ! z ( f , a ) : f ( -a. imag , a . real-e-e ) '' for ! T , A , B , C ! in [ i ! for ! i ! in ! S ! if ! i [ `` '' '' ; exec ( reduce ( lambda x , i : x.replace ( chr ( i ) , ''
`` [ 34-i : ] ) , range ( 35 ) , _+ '' '' '' 0 ] ] : z ( M , A ) ; z ( L , B ) ; z ( L , C ) ; c.close_pa th ( ) '' G ( .4 , .3 ,1 ) ; c. paint ( ) ; G ( .7 , .7,1 ) ; c.fil l ( ) '' fo r ! i ! in ! range ( 9 ) : '' ! g=1-i/ 8 ; d=i/ 4 * g ; G ( d , d , d , 1-g * .8 ) '' ! def ! y ( f , a ) : z ( f , a+ ( 1+2j ) * ( 1j * * ( i /2 . ) ) * g ) '' ! for ! T , A , B , C ! in ! S : y ( M , C ) ; y ( L , A ) ; y ( M , A ) ; y ( L , B ) '' ! c.st roke ( ) '' s.write_t o_png ( 'pen rose.png ' ) `` '' '' ) )
When this program runs , it outputs a 1000x1000 image file to penrose.png , consisting of about 2212 Penrose tiles rendered with a 3D relief effect . Here 's a slice of the image ( click to enlarge ) :
The script requires Pycairo . It only runs on Python < = 2.7 ; Python 3 is not supported . It started life as a regular Python script , but in my effort to make the code more compact , I got a bit carried away .
Penrose tilings are cool because they cover the entire plane in an aperiodic way – a shifted copy of the image never matches the original . They were invented by Sir Roger Penrose after a series of attempts to tile the plane with pentagonal shapes . For an explanation of the algorithm behind this script , see my next post , Penrose Tiling Explained .
Python never got much credit as an obfuscated programming language , compared to C or Perl . It seems a contest never took place , and there are n't too many examples of obfuscated Python on the web : You 'll find a few examples in the official Python FAQ and on various pages such as here and here . There was also a talk at PyCon 2011 .
I believe this is the first example of obfuscated Python which outputs a high-resolution image . You 'll find another example in my followup post , High-Resolution Mandelbrot in Obfuscated Python . If you know of any others , let me know in the comments !
From the midweek edition of the Morning Jolt :
Bevindicated !
This is one of the joys of politics — the voters get the final say , and sometimes they surprise you .
Matt Bevin became the first governor from Louisville in a century and Lt. Gov.–elect Jenean Hampton became the first African-American to win statewide office in Kentucky on Tuesday as Bevin led a near–Republican rout of state constitutional offices .
Democrat Jack Conway failed to roll up the large margin in Jefferson County they needed and could n't minimize losses elsewhere as Matt Bevin grabbed large margins throughout the rest of the state . Republicans followed suit in the races for treasurer , agriculture commissioner and auditor and won as well .
With 100 percent of the vote counted , Bevin led Conway with 53 percent of the vote compared to the Democrat 's 44 percent — a near landslide .
Take a look at these polls ; Every one of them going back to September had Conway ahead except one by a Republican firm , and that one showed a tie .
Is n't it long past time for a national conversation on polls ? Or a “ beer summit ” ? And if the polls are so wildly off in assessing who 's actually ahead . . . why are we relying on them to determine who gets into which primary debate ?
Elsewhere , Mississippi governor Phil Bryant won reelection easily , as expected .
Bryant and fellow Republicans — Lt. Gov . Tate Reeves , Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann , Auditor Stacey Pickering , Treasurer Lynn Fitch and Agriculture Commissioner Cindy Hyde-Smith — all easily won another term . Attorney General Jim Hood , the only Democrat in a top statewide elective office , also won re-election to a fourth term in the only rea­son­ably close contest , holding off a challenge from Republican Mike Hurst .
Meanwhile , in my home state of Virginia :
Republicans held onto the Virginia Senate in fiercely contested elections Tuesday , leaving Gov . Terry McAuliffe without legislative leverage or political momentum as they work to deliver Virginia for their friend and ally Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2016 .
The outcome was a blunt rebuke to McAuliffe ( D ) , who had barnstormed the state with 24 events over the past four days and who portrayed the elections as a make-or-break moment for their progressive agenda .
All 140 seats in the General Assembly were on the ballot . But all eyes were on a handful of Senate seats that would decide whether Republicans held their 21–19 majority in Richmond 's upper chamber . Because the GOP dominates the House , flipping the Senate was the term-limited governor 's only hope for building a legislative legacy .
And down in Houston , 61 percent of voters rejected a proposed law for “ gender identity protection ” :
The hotly contested election has spurred national attention , drawing comment from the White House and the state 's top officials . Largely conservative opponents of the law allege that it would allow men dressed as women , including sexual predators , to enter women 's restrooms . Supporters of the law , including Mayor Annise Parker , argue that it extends an important local recourse for a range of protected classes to respond to discrimination .
Over in Ohio :
In a major blow to marijuana legalization nationwide , Ohio voters Tuesday rejected a sweeping initiative that would have ended pot prohibition in the Buckeye State .
Unofficial election results found that the proposed constitutional amendment , known as Issue 3 , was defeated 65.1 % to 34.8 % .
Voters did write into the Ohio Constitution a provision known has Issue 2 that prohibits the establishment of a “ monopoly , oligopoly or cartel ” in the state 's founding document . The ballot issue , which the state legislature wrote expressly to defeat the marijuana language , passed 52.6 % to 47.4 % .
At the Ohio Chamber of Commerce in Columbus , opponents of legalization rejoiced in their double victory , achieved even though they were outspent by a whopping 20-to-1 ratio .
Meanwhile in Pennsylvania , some bad news for Republicans . . .
Democrats on Tuesday won all three open seats on Pennsylvania 's Su­preme Court , a stunning result in a historic race that could dramatically reshape the powerful but scandal-plagued institution for years to come .
. . . and a bit of good news :
Iraq veteran Guy Reschenthaler defeated women 's advocate Heather Arnet for the state Senate 's open 37th District seat after a high-spending race that was as much about political labels as local issues .
The victory gives the GOP a 31–19 majority in the Senate . Because this was a special election , Mr. Reschenthaler will be sworn in not in January but as soon as election results are certified , perhaps by mid November . They will serve the final year of Mr. Smith 's term .
Input text : The clear cube is above the floor . The floor is [ linex ] . The ground is clear . The sky is clear . The floor is shiny . The floor is 30 feet above the ground . The cube is huge . The huge octopus is inside the cube.The octopus is [ geometric ] . The huge skull is -48 inches under the octopus . The skull is shiny . The huge opaque cube is under the floor . The cube is dark black . The huge opaque octopus is inside the cube . The octopus is upside down . The octopus is [ geometric ] .The skull is [ geometric ] . A white light on the cube . The ambient light is pink . The camera light is on the skull . The skull is -18 inches in front of the cube . A small flat sphere in front of the skull . The sphere is 38 inches above the floor . The sphere is black . A tiny flat sphere is in front of the sphere . The sphere is 40 inches above the floor . The sphere is [ geometric ]
I just love them so much . She 's such a lovely character and I really dislike all the crap they have to deal with in the MLP fandom . So I just wanted to do a simple , pretty little drawing of them
Love you Tia ! ! < 3
This really was a LOT of fun and I did it pretty fast . Celestia is surprisingly easy to draw . Just a couple basic references ( since I 've never drawn them before ) and it was really easy after that . If I drew them often enough , I could totally do it from memory after a bit .
So I hope you guys enjoy this ! ! I am off to bed ! ! Have a good one and let me know what you think .
--
Princess Bust Drawings
Luna - shadobabe.deviantart.com/art/P…
--
Princess Celestia ( c ) Hasbro
Sooooo ... I had a sudden , STRONG urge to draw Princess Celestia after watching some My Little Pony analysis videos on YouTube .
The Pacific island nation of Vanuatu has lost years of development progress and must `` start over '' following a powerful cyclone that destroyed or damaged 90 percent of the buildings on the main island of Port Vila , the country 's president said Monday .
Baldwin Lonsdale , visibly weary and red eyed from lack of sleep , said in an interview that they and other top government officials were preparing to return home later Monday from Sendai , in northeastern Japan , where they were attending a disaster conference when the cyclone hit .
The government 's official toll is eight dead and 20 injured but that looks certain to rise , given the extent of the damage .
Australia , which along with New Zealand and France is providing rescue and relief help , offered transport from Sydney to Port Vila , their staff said .
Save the Children 's Vanuatu director Tom Skirrow told AFP news agency the logistical challenges were even worse than Typhoon Haiyan , which struck the Philippines in November 2013 , killing more than 7,350 people and ravaging an area a big as Portugal .
The southern island of Tanna , about 125 miles south of the capital , Port Vila , with its 29,000 inhabitants took the full force of the category 5 storm .
Initial reports from aid groups said it had been devastated , along with the main town on the southern island of Erromango , with at least two people reported dead .
A clean-up was under way in Port Vila , where seas were reported to have surged as high as 26 ft .
`` Things in Port Vila are improving , people are returning to the market and getting on with the job of starting the clean-up , but the key thing is we still have no contact with other provinces , '' Tom Perry , from aid agency CARE Australia said by telephone from the capital .
Lonsdale said information from other islands was not available because most communication links were still not working . But the airport in Port Vila has reopened , allowing aid and relief flights to reach the country .
`` This is a very devastating cyclone in Vanuatu . I term it as a monster , a monster . It 's a setback for the government and for the people of Vanuatu . After all the development that has taken place , all this development has been wiped out . ''
Officials are struggling to determine the scale of the devastation wrought by the monstrous cyclone that tore through the tiny South Pacific archipelago of Vanuatu , with death counts varying but expected to rise once communications are restored with outlying islands .
Cyclone Pam tore through Vanuatu early Saturday , packing winds of 168 miles per hour , and leaving a trail of destruction and unconfirmed reports of dozens of deaths .
As of Sunday Paolo Malatu , coordinator for the National Disaster Management Office said 20 people were injured in the capital , Port Vila . Earlier , Chloe Morrison , a World Vision emergency communications officer , said Vanuatu 's disaster response office told their agency that at least eight people died . They had also heard reports of entire villages being destroyed in more remote areas .
The death toll is widely expected to soar once more information from further afield comes in .
The confusion over the death toll is due largely to a near-total communications blackout across the country . With power lines and phone circuits down , officials in the capital had no way of knowing what the scope of the damage was on the outer islands , where the storm scored a direct hit .
`` We have n't been able to communicate outside Port Vila , '' Malatu said . `` At this point , the damage is severe and we have n't had figures of how many houses destroyed . ... It 's really bad , it 's really bad . ''
Officials are planning to head to the outer islands Monday in helicopters , small planes and military aircraft to get a better sense of the destruction , Malatu said .
Telephone networks are notoriously spotty in South Pacific island nations such as Vanuatu , particularly in the aftermath of storms . It often takes days before networks can be restored , making it difficult for officials to quickly analyze the breadth of devastation following natural disasters .
Vanuatu 's government has declared a nationwide state of emergency , and Australia and New Zealand have sent in relief supplies . Port Vila 's airport was damaged by the storm and closed for commercial flights , but the first delivery of supplies arrived Sunday from the Red Cross , Malatu said .
`` People are really upset and it 's really hard , just because for the last couple of years , we have n't received a really big cyclone like this one , '' said Isso Nihmei , Vanuatu coordinator for the environmental and crisis response group 350 . `` Most people right now , they are really homeless . ''
They came upon one of the storm 's victims on Saturday while surveying the damage along the coastline with other relief workers . The group spotted a man lying on the ground , not breathing , and rushed them to the hospital . By the time they arrived , however , they were dead , Nihmei said .
Structural damage across Port Vila was extensive , Nihmei said , with the majority of homes severely damaged or destroyed .
Some residents began cleaning up what was left of their wrecked houses and checking on family members . Relief workers , meanwhile , were trying to get victims to temporary shelters as fast as possible , Nihmei said .
Hannington Alatoa , head of the Vanuatu Red Cross Society , said flyovers by New Zealand and Australian relief teams showed much of the country had been `` flattened . '' At least half of the population , or about 130,000 people , has been affected , Alatoa said in Sendai , Japan , where they and other Vanuatu officials were attending a U.N. conference on disaster risk reduction . They had no accurate information on the numbers left homeless .
`` No trees , no foliage , no iron structures standing on the western part of Tanna , '' Altoa said , referring to one of Vanuatu 's southern islands . `` Trees blocked the roads . ... People are in great need of water . ''
Vanuatu has a population of 267,000 people spread over 65 islands . About 47,000 people live in the capital .
The small island nation , located about a quarter of the way from Australia to Hawaii , has repeatedly warned it is already suffering devastating effects from climate change with the island 's coastal areas being washed away , forcing resettlement to higher ground and smaller yields on traditional crops .
Scientists say it 's impossible to attribute single weather events like Cyclone Pam to climate change .
The cyclone has already caused damage to other Pacific islands , including Kiribati and the Solomon Islands . Authorities in New Zealand are preparing for Cyclone Pam , which is forecast to pass north of the country on Sunday and Monday .
Al Jazeera with wire services
In an interview with Bret Easton Ellis ' podcast ( via Vulture ) , John Carpenter had some harsh words for the Friday the 13th franchise and the slasher boom of the 80s .
When comparing their own film Halloween to Friday the 13th , they said : “ One sprints from an organic idea and has a true artist 's eye working . And Friday the 13th , I feel , affects me as very cynical . It 's very cynical moviemaking . It just does n't rise above its cheapness . That 's what the teenagers want to see . So they just started making them , cranking them out … most of them were awful . I think the reason that all these slasher movies came in the '80s was a lot of folks said , ‘ Look at that Halloween movie . ' It was made for peanuts , and look at the money it 's made ! We can make money like that . ”
09-04-2013 | Remy van Elst | Text only version of this article
Table of Contents
This tutorial shows you how to set up a collectd server . It also shows you how to set up the collectd-web frontend , an interactive gui for collectd and has it all firewalled . What is collectd ? collectd gathers statistics about the system it is running on and stores this information . Those statistics can then be used to find current performance bottlenecks ( i.e . performance analysis ) and predict future system load ( i.e . capacity planning ) . Or if you just want pretty graphs of your private server and are fed up with some homegrown solution you 're at the right place , too ; ) . A collectd server is able to receive data from collectd clients .
The collectd client tutorial can be found here and a Ansible playbook to set this up can be found here
We will first set up Collectd on the server , and configure it to listen on the network . Then we will enable the web GUI , and use NGINX to reverse proxy it . Collectd client configuration is not handled by this tutorial . It is handled in this tutorial . This tutorial is tested on Debian 6 , Debian 7 , Ubuntu 10.04 and Ubuntu 12.04 . However , the configuration works on any other distro .
Installing Collectd
First install all the required packages :
sudo apt-get install collectd librrds-perl libconfig-general-perl libhtml-parser-perl libregexp-common-perl liburi-perl libjson-perl restartd python nginx
The collectd web interface has a few perl dependencies . Restartd will be used to make sure the webinterface is running , and NGINX will be used to proxy the webinterface to the outside .
Configuring Collectd as a network server
Open your favorite editor and edit the /etc/collectd/collectd.conf file . Read it , then remove it all and make sure it looks like the below config file :
# # /etc/collectd/collectd.conf Hostname $ HOSTNAME $ FQDNLookup false # # This can be higher if you have a more powerfull box Interval 30 # # This can be higher if you have a more powerfull box ReadThreads 1 LoadPlugin syslog < Plugin syslog > LogLevel info < /Plugin > LoadPlugin cpu LoadPlugin df LoadPlugin disk LoadPlugin entropy LoadPlugin interface LoadPlugin irq LoadPlugin load LoadPlugin memory LoadPlugin processes LoadPlugin rrdtool LoadPlugin swap LoadPlugin users LoadPlugin network # # Server config < Plugin `` network '' > # Can also be `` * '' `` 25826 '' to listen on 0.0.0.0 Listen `` $ EXTERNAL_IPV4 $ '' `` 25826 '' Listen `` $ EXTERNAL_IPV6 $ '' `` 25826 '' ReportStats true SecurityLevel None < /Plugin > # # Extra Plugins # # remove to disable LoadPlugin nginx LoadPlugin iptables LoadPlugin uptime LoadPlugin dns LoadPlugin ping < Plugin rrdtool > DataDir `` /var/lib/collectd/rrd '' < /Plugin > Include `` /etc/collectd/filters.conf '' Include `` /etc/collectd/plugins.conf '' Include `` /etc/collectd/thresholds.conf ''
The configuration file is relatively simple . Make sure to replace $ VARIABLE $ by the correct on for your server . You load plugins via `` LoadPlugin $ name '' . The network part is important , this defines the server . Collectd supports both IPv4 and IPv6 , I have a few IPv6 IP 's in the listen part , and `` 0.0.0.0 '' as IPv4 address . Make sure the file has a blank newline at the end . If it has not , collectd will fail to start/run correctly .
Configure collectd plugins
Now create the following file : /etc/collectd/plugins.conf , it does n't exist by default . This will house the plugin config . Add the following content to it , but make sure it matches your LoadPlugin settings above . If you do n't have the ping plugin , you also do n't need the config for it .
# # /etc/collectd/plugins.conf # # Static Plugins ( every host has them ) < Plugin swap > ReportByDevice false < /Plugin > # # Dynamic Plugins ( loaded by Ansible based on options ) < Plugin nginx > URL `` http : //127.0.0.1/nginx_status '' < /Plugin > < Plugin ntpd > Host `` localhost '' Port 123 ReverseLookups false < /Plugin > < Plugin ping > Host `` google.com '' < /Plugin > < Plugin sensors > SensorConfigFile `` /etc/sensors3.conf '' Sensor `` it8712-isa-0290/temperature-temp1 '' Sensor `` it8712-isa-0290/fanspeed-fan3 '' Sensor `` it8712-isa-0290/voltage-in8 '' IgnoreSelected false < /Plugin > < Plugin write_graphite > < Carbon > Host `` $ GRAPHITE_HOST $ '' Port `` 2003 '' Prefix `` collectd '' Postfix `` collectd '' StoreRates false AlwaysAppendDS false EscapeCharacter `` _ '' < /Carbon > < /Plugin >
Collectd server is now set up in `` server '' mode . To test it we restart the service :
/etc/init.d/collectd restart
And then check the /var/lib/collectd/rrd/ folder and you should see some files and folders ( rrd libraries ) . If not then your collectd is setup wrong , see syslog for more info .
Set up the web frontend
Clone the git repository to your home directory , or any other folder , but remember the path :
git : //github.com/RaymiiOrg/collectd-web.git
Move into the folder and start the app :
cd collectd-web python runserver.py
You should now be able to go to `` localhost:8888 '' on the host and see the web interface . If you need to test it from the outside , use an ssh tunnel :
ssh -t -t -L 8888 : localhost:8888 USER @ SERVER.COM
You can now view the app in your local web browser via http : //localhost:8888
Set up restartd
We will use restartd to make sure the app works even after reboot or when it crashes . This could also be done with a nice init script , but this works the easiest way .
Edit /etc/restartd.conf and make sure it has the following in it :
collectd-web `` . * runserver.py '' `` su $ USER -l -c 'pushd /home/ $ USER/collectd-web/ & & /usr/bin/python /home/ $ USER/collectd-web/runserver.py ' > > /var/log/ $ USER-collectd-server.log '' `` /bin/echo 'collectd-server running ' > > /var/log/ $ USER-collectd-server.log ''
Make sure you change $ USER to the username which has the application , and check if the paths are correct . If so then restart restartd :
/etc/init.d/restartd restart
( Funny is n't that ? Restarting restartd ? )
Use NGINX as a reverse proxy
If you want to make your collectd publicly available the should follow this part . If you do n't want that and you find the SSH port forwarding tunnel works for you , then use that .
Add the following to your NGINX configuration to set it up as reverse proxy for the collectd server :
It should be in a server { } block .
location /collectd { rewrite ^/collectd ( / . * ) $ $ 1 break ; proxy_pass http : //127.0.0.1:8888/ ; proxy_set_header Host $ host ; proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $ remote_addr ; proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $ proxy_add_x_forwarded_for ; proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https ; proxy_redirect off ; }
Restart NGINX :
/etc/init.d/nginx configtest /etc/init.d/nginx restart
Now you can reach the collectd at http : //your-server/collectd .
Configuring the firewall
You should only allow hosts you set up to connect and send data to collectd . Collectd supports authentication and singing , but I 've had performance issues with that on < 512MB VPS servers , so that 's why I firewall . The following iptables and ip6tables rules should be added for all the hosts , so change the IP address every time :
/sbin/iptables -A INPUT -p udp -s 1.2.3.4 -- dport 25826 -j ACCEPT /sbin/ip6tables -A INPUT -p udp -s fe80 : :feda:6cc1 -- dport 25826 -j ACCEPT
If you have set up all the collectd client IP addresses in iptables , close the gate :
/sbin/iptables -A INPUT -p -udp -- dport 25826 -j REJECT -- reject-with udp-reset /sbin/ip6tables -A INPUT -p -udp -- dport 25826 -j REJECT -- reject-with udp-reset
Now you have a fully working collectd server set up . The collectd client tutorial can be found here , and a Ansible playbook to set this up can be found here
If you were a pretty young woman in Midtown between 1976 and 1982 , you had a fair chance of running into George Urban , a good-looking , wavy-haired young man who wanted you to undress for him .
But Mr. Urban was no ordinary ladies ' man . They were known as Ugly George , and they roamed Manhattan in an open-chested silver vest and short-shorts , wearing a huge silver backpack full of early videotaping gear . They approached women in the street and tried to wheedle them into the broom closets of Midtown office buildings . ( His trademark come-on was , `` Let 's flex into a dimly lit hallway . '' ) Then they coaxed them , camera rolling , into taking off their clothes . They also sometimes persuaded them to go to their apartment , a crimson-sheeted basement lair .
The resulting images , along with excerpts from Mr. Urban 's interviews with politicians and celebrities , were edited into a late-night Manhattan public-access cable show called `` The Ugly George Hour of Truth , Sex , and Violence . '' There was , in fact , little violence , aside from the taunts that Mr. Urban hurled at the backs of women who refused him . ( `` The biggest break of your life , blondie ! '' they shouted at one woman . `` You 're going to blow it ! '' )
Ugly George became a cult figure , interviewing John Lennon and Michael Jackson , among other celebrities . But the show was frequently kicked off the air ; it ran only sporadically after 1982 and disappeared entirely in 1991 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Now Ugly George wants a comeback . Last Tuesday , Mr. Urban sat in a Midtown diner , the old backpack , now patched with electrical tape , resting beside him . Outfitted in a thin , armless cotton tunic and brightly colored flip-flops , they explained that they had been spending little money on themselves lately . `` Every cent I get goes to airtime , '' they said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The airtime in question would enable Mr. Urban to broadcast a new `` Ugly George Hour '' to the millions of homes with satellite TV . So far they have lined up a few potential sponsors , they said , but none will commit without other backers .
This article is over 2 years old
Number with jobs rose 17,900 in the month but all of them were part-time , says Australian Bureau of Statistics
Unemployment rate steady but no full-time jobs added in three months
The unemployment rate was steady at 5.7 % in May but no full-time jobs have been added in three months .
The number of people with jobs rose 17,900 in the month , all of them part-time , the Australian Bureau of Statistics said on Thursday . Full-time employment was steady after falling 27,300 over the previous two months .
The composition of jobs growth reflected the economy 's transition away from mining to service industries , according to the Commonwealth Bank 's managing director of economics , Michael Blythe . It also meant Australians could expect weak income growth .
“ Typically all those service jobs pay less than those mining and construction jobs , where a lot of the employment losses have been , so you 're getting that lower-income effect coming through , ” Blythe said .
Spare capacity in the labour market has also increased , said RBC Capital Markets strategist Michael Turner .
The official figures showed the quarterly under-utilisation rate , a measure of the number of people with work but looking for more , had risen 0.1 % .
“ The labour market definitely has n't tightened over the last few months , it 's actually weakened , ” Turner said . “ That 's consistent with ongoing inflationary pressure and further Reserve Bank easing . ”
The participation rate , which refers to the number of people either employed or actively looking for work , was steady in May at 64.8 % .
PS2 role-playing game Star Ocean : Till the End of Time will be available on PlayStation 4 from May 23rd in Europe and North America .
The digital-only release is part of the PS2 Classics range - meaning it 's a port of the 2004 original with a few extra bells and whistles , including Trophy support , Share functionality and Remote Play .
Developed by Tri-Ace , Till the End of Time was the first Star Ocean game to add voiced dialogue and shift the series ' real-time combat and sci-fi setting to full 3D , and went on to become one of the more fondly remembered entries .
It has since been followed by two instalments - The Last Hope and Integrity and Faithlessness - on subsequent console generations .
If you 're wondering how PS2 Classics emulation fares , Digital Foundry had a look back when the service was introduced in 2015 .
We 've seen several high profile PS2 games come to PS4 since - including Grand Theft Auto San Andreas , Fahrenheit and most recently Resident Evil Code Veronica X - with the Jak trilogy to follow this summer .
With the current design of this site I wanted to have images in the content that stretch out beyond the container . I 've seen this pattern used quite a bit recently and I think it gives a nice little visual “ pop ” . Implementation wise this is a pretty easy problem to solve by using negative margins . I decided I would use this as an opportunity to put together a little centerImg jQuery plugin and document my steps along the way .
Here is a picture of the result we are going for :
To get started with the tutorial first we have to get our directory setup . You can skip this if you desire but since I 'm sharing I want to be as thorough as possible . For this plugin my requirements are simple . I want to run jshint , uglify to create a min file , and have these both automated via gulp .
First create a package.json with an empty json object in it . By creating the file it will allow npm –save-dev to add dependencies automatically . Once that is saved open terminal and cd into your directory . Here are the commands to get us rolling with gulp :
npm install -- save-dev gulp gulp-jshint gulp-rename gulp-uglify
That command will take a few minutes to run . As it 's running switch back to your editor and create a new file named “ gulpfile.js ” and start getting it setup .
Gulp – jshint and uglify
At the top you need to import all your packages that are installing from NPM :
var gulp = require ( 'gulp ' ) , jshint = require ( 'gulp-jshint ' ) rename = require ( 'gulp-rename ' ) uglify = require ( 'gulp-uglify ' ) ;
Next we create a “ compress ” task :
gulp.task ( 'compress ' , function ( ) { gulp.src ( 'src/ * .js ' ) .pipe ( uglify ( ) ) .pipe ( rename ( { suffix : '.min ' } ) ) .pipe ( gulp.dest ( 'dist ' ) ) } ) ;
What this will do is pull in any .js files in the “ src/ ” directory , run uglify on them , rename them with a .min extension , and finally save it in the “ dist/ ” directory .
Our second task will be running jshint to hopefully catch any errors we may inadvertently put in our code . Here is what it looks like :
gulp.task ( 'lint ' , function ( ) { return gulp.src ( [ 'src/ * .js ' ] ) .pipe ( jshint ( ) ) .pipe ( jshint.reporter ( 'default ' ) ) ; } ) ;
As you can hopefully see it performs much the same way as our compress task . We tell it the pattern to find the js files in “ src ” , pipe those to jshint ( ) , and use the default reporter if anything goes wrong .
Finally we add a default task so we can just run “ gulp ” and have all this run automatically .
gulp.task ( 'default ' , function ( ) { gulp.start ( 'jslint ' , 'compress ' ) ; } ) ;
Here is a link to the completed gulpfile so you can see the full file .
jQuery Plugin Code
Now with gulp setup its time to start on our actual plugin code . If you 've never written a jQuery plugin before then I recommend reading through the Learn jQuery Plugins documentation .
Before we actually start writing any JavaScript I like to think through the implementation from the end users perspective . If I was using this plugin , how would I want to instantiate it ? I came up with this :
$ ( 'img.popout ' ) .centerImg ( { container : $ ( `` .content '' ) } ) ;
If I 'm being honest I would prefer not to pass in the container element but the plugin is going to need something to calculate the width from . For now I can live with it but it 's something I may consider refactoring later .
Now I put the very minimal plugin code in ./src/centerImg.js :
( function ( $ ) { $ .fn.centerImg = function ( options ) { // .. } ; } ( jQuery ) ) ;
With the basics set you can hop back to your terminal and run “ gulp ” which should lint and compress the file without errors .
Finally its time to start writing some code . Go back to our plugin file and under the $ .fn.centerImg is where we will start writing . The first section we need is some default settings and to loop all the matching selectors . Remember from earlier we passed in a container object so that will be first :
var settings = $ .extend ( { container : $ ( `` body '' ) } , options ) ; var containerWidth = settings.container.innerWidth ( ) ; return this.each ( function ( ) { // .. } ) ;
What I 'm doing here is setting a default container of the body and allowing the end user to override it with an element of their choice . Then setting a local variable of containerWidth which we will use for calculating the negative margin .
Inside the “ this.each ” is where the processing needs to happen . This also is a part that tripped me up . You ca n't just call $ ( this ) .width ( ) on the image as that only returns the parsed width . A lot of times for responsive design the styles would have something like :
img { height : auto ; width : auto ; }
So instead of giving the true width we would only get the container width . One workaround I found was using JavaScript Image ( ) object . The code looks like this :
// Get a true image width no matter what styles are applied var image = new Image ( ) ; image.src = $ ( this ) .attr ( `` src '' ) ; var imgWidth = image.naturalWidth ; // IE9+
That gives us the true image width and now we can begin our calculations . It 's pretty simple and it just takes division and subtraction :
marginLeft = ( imgWidth / 2 ) - ( containerWidth / 2 ) ;
We take the true image width divide by 2 , the container width divide by 2 , and subtract each . That leaves us a number to then set the negative margin :
return $ ( this ) .attr ( `` style '' , `` margin-left : - '' + marginLeft + `` px ; '' ) ;
Now at this point I loaded it up on my local site and started playing around with different images to make sure it works and see if any edge cases are found . I actually found a few problems . The first is images smaller than the container , and the second is when an image is huge . I only wanted it to be a little larger than the container but others may want it to go as big as possible . This should be configurable .
If an image is smaller is an easy fix . Lets just add a simple check after we set the imgWidth :
if ( imgWidth < = containerWidth ) { return this ; }
No reason to do anything with it really . The issue of setting a max width is a little trickier . We just need to go back to our settings and add one for maxWidth , defaulting to the body width :
var settings = $ .extend ( { container : $ ( `` body '' ) , maxWidth : $ ( `` body '' ) .innerWidth ( ) } , options ) ;
Then before our calculations add in a new if check :
if ( imgWidth > settings.maxWidth ) { $ ( this ) .attr ( `` width '' , `` '' + settings.maxWidth + `` px '' ) ; imgWidth = settings.maxWidth ; }
This just sets a style attribute on the image tag and at this point we are pretty much done . Go back to terminal run gulp to compress it and implement it into the site .
Here is the completed plugin file so it 's easier to follow and see how it all turned out .
Wrap Up
After writing this plugin and this post I realized that I do not like the name centerImg . To me centerImg implies it 's going to center an image no matter what . I think a better name might be popImage or billboard .
There are only two hard things in Computer Science : cache invalidation and naming things . — Phil Karlton
If this was something more I would sit on it for a few days and really give the name a lot of thought , but in this case I 'm rolling with it . Also is a plugin even needed ? I 'm sure this can be done with pure CSS , heck I 've seen an animated Breaking Bad logo . If that 's possible I know this is . 🙂
The sun was setting in New York as James Murdoch , looking confident in cream pants and a dark blazer , stepped before 350 guests in a glass-walled concert hall and waxed poetic about their pet TV channel and its dedication to “ scientific literacy . ”
The event on Wednesday night was an advertising showcase for National Geographic , which Mr. Murdoch , 44 , has doted on since becoming chief executive of its parent company , 21st Century Fox . As a person who cares deeply about “ issues related to the environment , conservation , exploration and education , ” they told the crowd , “ I 'm personally grateful for the important work National Geographic does . ”
Across town at that same moment , their 86-year-old father , Rupert — who once called climate change “ alarmist nonsense ” — was still dealing with fallout at their most cherished channel , Fox News . Bill O'Reilly , the pugnacious and top-rated talk show host , had been ousted that day after allegations of sexual harassment involving multiple women .
It was James Murdoch — the one looking so unperturbed at the NatGeo presentation , posing for photos as waiters milled about in yellow suspenders and guests ate skirt steak and shrimp cocktail — who had most aggressively moved against Mr. O'Reilly . The same had happened in July , when Roger Ailes , who founded Fox News with Rupert Murdoch , was forced to resign amid their own sexual harassment scandal .
The AGENT smartwatch has a lot of cool features , but what makes it really amazing is its ability to run powerful watch apps—and still get great battery life .
Some of our backers are software developers , and this last week they started building some really cool watchfaces . Soon they will start developing connected watch apps as well , using the upcoming AGENT SDK .
With all these cool watchfaces and watch apps being created , we want to make sure that it is really easy for you to discover and install them on your AGENT smartwatch .
I 'm excited to announce that , thanks to the generous extra funding from our backers , we are building a watch app store !
I know that there will be a lot of questions about how a watch app store will work , so let me address the top questions here first .
Q : How will I use the watch app store ?
A : We will provide a straightforward store experience on your phone where you can discover and search for watchfaces and watch apps—and then install them to your watch .
Q : Can I also get watch apps outside the official store ?
A : Yes , absolutely . You can side-load apps from a PC , from the web , from within another app , and even from within another app store . AGENT is not a closed ecosystem , and we want you to have the freedom to download any app or content to your watch .
Q : Is the watch app store for free apps or paid apps ?
A : To start with , all watchfaces and watch apps in the store will be free . Paid apps can be sold outside the store , and we will provide documentation for developers on how to seamlessly install those paid apps onto your smartwatch .
Q : Is there an app approval process ? Any restrictions ?
A : The watch app store , at least to start with , will be community moderated . We can not tolerate apps which are illegal , defamatory , or explicit in nature . Please think of the children : )
We 're super-excited about all the cool watchfaces and apps that developers in our community are making , are we ca n't wait to see them running on your wrists .
As always , thank you all so much for your support ,
- Chris
ATLANTA -- NFL commissioner Roger Goodell says they expect evidence in the New Orleans Saints bounties case would be made public after all the player appeals and grievances have been heard .
The league 's bounty investigation and subsequent fallout were at the center of much of Goodell 's public address Tuesday , including the recent defamation lawsuit filed against them by Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma after they suspended Vilma for the 2012 season .
They said at the owners meetings they have `` not spent a lot of time '' on the lawsuit , in which Vilma contends the commissioner made false statements that tarnished Vilma 's reputation and hindered their ability to earn a living playing football .
`` I 've been around this league for 30 years and you are going to make decisions that will not be unanimous , it just does n't happen , particularly in a game where there is a lot of emotion , a lot of passion , '' Goodell said of the lawsuit that also could delay the release of any bounty-related evidence . `` What I have to do is what is in best interests of the game long-term .
`` You watch Pete Rozelle and Paul Tagliabue , you are part of the decision-making process , and you see how they go about it . You watch other leagues , try to take in every perspective .
`` You do n't worry about a popularity contest . You ca n't . ''
Goodell is not popular in New Orleans these days , nor with the players ' union , which has challenged many of their recent decisions with grievances , appeals and through Vilma 's suit . On Tuesday , the union said the league making mandatory the use of thigh and knee pads in 2013 was improper and should be collectively bargained .
The players also have asked arbitrators to rule just how much power , if any , Goodell has to punish the Saints for what the league found was a three-year cash-for-pain program that targeted specific players .
`` Reality is that it is part of operating in a pretty complex world , '' Goodell said . `` You have to be open about the initiatives you want to take , do n't expect all parties to agree , and you have to drive toward solutions . What is good for the game ? Pads is part of it . ''
Asked if they have self-doubts about their decisions , they nodded .
`` Sure you second-guess yourself , that is what an appeals process is for , '' they said . `` You want to hear what the players have to say . When we get to the appeals , we will be able to talk about it . ''
( Reuters ) - Uber Technologies Inc has reached a settlement with Pennsylvania 's taxi regulator to end the ride-sharing company 's appeal of a record $ 11.4 million fine for operating illegally .
FILE PHOTO : A man arrives at the Uber offices in Queens , New York , U.S. , February 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
A notice posted on Tuesday with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania said Uber and the state 's Public Utility Commission had reported an agreement in principle to settle the case , which involved the largest fine imposed by that regulator .
The appeal was put on hold so a formal agreement between Uber and the PUC could be worked out .
Uber spokesperson Craig Ewer confirmed the substance of the notice , but declined to provide details about the accord . PUC spokesperson Nils Hagen-Frederiksen said : “ The matter is under review by the commission . ”
The PUC fined Uber last April after finding that the San Francisco-based company had from February to August 2014 provided 122,998 rides in Pennsylvania without prior approval , and obstructed a state probe into its operations .
Though the $ 11.4 million fine was six times larger than any prior fine imposed by the PUC , it had been reduced from the $ 49.9 million ordered earlier by two administrative law judges .
The PUC rejected Uber 's bid to reconsider the fine on Sept. 1 . Uber appealed that decision to the commonwealth court four weeks later .
On March 8 , Uber said it would stop using its so-called “ Greyball ” technology , which helped identify and avoid regulators seeking evidence that drivers were evading local laws governing taxi services .
It is unclear whether that decision was a factor in resolving the Pennsylvania case .
The case is Uber Technologies Inc et al v Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission , Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania , No . 1617 CD 2016 .
WebGL
Web browsers are probably the most widely used software in desktops and mobile computers . They have become the swiss army knife of the Web 2.0 digital world and it is under this context that a Javascript API for rendering GPU-based graphics was born : WebGL .
Long live Java
The WebGL technology enables rendering complex 3D or 2D scenes such as games within your browser . You could write the next Angry Birds in javascript and WebGL . But why not leverage the power of existing Java technologies and write your game in Java using WebGL ? Yes ! You can write Java code and deploy it on the web as javascript thanks to the help of the Google Webtoolkit . ( If you have n't tried it , then you should ! ) .
The following web app illustrates how easily Java and WebGL can be used together with Libgdx game development framework to create fancy 3D scenes .
Click on the image to see the webGL app . Note : you 'll need a WebGL compatible browser such as Firefox or Chrome .
Instructions : use the arrow keys to move the camera and drag the mouse to rotate the camera .
Notes about the code
The code uses WebGL which is pretty much OpenGL ES 2.0 . The sky and mountains background texture ( a.k.a Skybox ) are rendered using cube mapping and custom shaders . There is one shader program for rendering the water which is based on the excellent Jay Conrod 's water simulation shader . The water looks jaggy because there are n't many triangles in the model . Feel free to change this . The boat 3D model comes from here and the texture from here . The teddy bear comes from here ( if you know the original source , let me know ) . All models were exported to G3DT format using blender .
NB . The code will be available on github in the coming days .
Edit : The code is available here : https : //github.com/recastrodiaz/java-webgl
Cross-platform game development
The holly grail of developers is to code once and run everywhere . Unfortunately , this is hardly true as platforms are extremely different from each other . Furthermore , screen sizes and input devices are not the same . Nevertheless , the Java ecosystem provides great multi platform support out of the box . Add GWT and Monotouch to the mix and you 'll support Mac , Windows , Linux , Android , HTML5 and iOS from day one . Check the following cross-platform gaming frameworks to see how it can be done : PlayN and Libgdx .
Advertisements
Latest News
Never say never . Though already reported by NaturalSociety in the past , let 's not forget when China destroyed three shipments of US GMO corn . According to a law on Chinese books , the Ministry of Agriculture must require environmental and food safety testing to verify data provided by the seed developer . This means that China is upholding the scientific method and is actually testing the claims of companies like Monsanto , Dow , and Syngenta , saying that ‘ GMO is safe for humans and the environment ” when we all know this to be untrue .
The Chinese Minister of Agriculture is unable to issue a safety certificate unless these strict scientific proofs are utilized and therefore , three shipments of imported US GMO corn without relevant safety certificates and approval documents were destroyed .
This is a big concern for US exporters who have grown GMO crops , since China is a big consumer of genetically modified crops . The country , like our own , is already consuming large amounts of GM soybeans , even though experts are re-igniting the questions about just how safe these crops really are :
Read : China Refused ~900,000 Tonnes of U.S. GMO Corn
“ Wang Xiaoyu , deputy secretary general of the Heilongjiang Soybean Association , a supporter of local non-genetically modified soybeans , recently told local media that people who consume soy oil made with genetically modified soybeans “ are more vulnerable to developing tumors and suffering sterility . ”
Regions in China where consumption of GM soy oil are high such as the southern provinces of Fujian and Guangdong , there are much higher cancer rates . Local soybean industries are ‘ dying ' and the country is relying on more imports , but genetically modified crops are being turned away .
Previously , China refused five total shipments of GM crops in just a month – all of it coming from the US . MIR 162 was found in one shipment – an ‘ insect resistant ' GMO strain which the Ministry had yet to O.K .
Journalists from China believe that all future shipments of US corn , soybeans and other GM crops will face strict inspection . Already , more than 900,000 tonnes have been refused or destroyed .
BOSTON – Justin Verlander struggled once but Ryan Raburn has struggled all season . So on a night when Verlander suffered their worst outing of the season , the bigger news was Raburn 's demotion to Triple-A Toledo .
Raburn did n't play in Tuesday 's 6-3 loss to the Boston Red Sox after they were caught looking at third strikes three times the previous day , dropping their batting average to .146 .
Now , he 'll get a chance to work out the kinks in the minor leagues .
`` It 's kind of something that I did n't want to think would happen , '' said Raburn , who has n't played in the minors since a brief stint in 2010 . `` But , you know , the way I 've been swinging it , I just really have n't gotten the job done . So it 's kind of just to help the team and help me , go down there and get it going . It 's just unfortunate I was n't able to help the team out much . ''
Raburn said their slow start `` just kind of compounded . ''
`` I do n't feel like it 's trying to rediscover a swing , or nothing like that , '' they said . `` It 's just a matter of going out there getting hits . That 's the bottom line . This game is based on production . And right now , it just was n't going . ''
Manager Jim Leyland said they think the decision left Raburn `` relieved , a little bit , '' adding the player `` needs to get away . ''
`` There 's never been anything I 've been more sure of than that they need to go down , '' Leyland said . `` He needs to go try to find it .
`` A lot of times , as a manager , you have some tough calls when you 've got to send a guy out , whoever it may be . But this was not a tough call . We all love Ryan Raburn . He 's a very popular teammate . The coaches and I are in their corner , and still will be , because I do n't think we 've seen the end of him . I 'll be shocked if they do n't get it going . But right now , this is definitely the move to make . ''
The move came one day after Leyland surprised many people by inserting Raburn into the No . 2 spot in the batting order .
`` We obviously were thinking about this decision , '' Leyland said . `` We kept trying to give them an opportunity . That 's why I slipped them in the two hole yesterday . I could n't really say that ( then ) but I knew something was going to happen soon , and this move was going to be made . ''
The Tigers did not announce the corresponding roster move .
Raburn 's demotion came after an uncharacteristically poor performance by Verlander , who struggled to extend their streak of six-plus-inning outings to 53 .
Verlander lost consecutive starts for the first time since April 2011 and allowed a season-high 10 hits in six innings .
Meantime , the Tigers were suffering another rash of stranded runners , with 10 , in game which included a 38-minute rain delay in the bottom of the eighth inning .
`` You give up five runs in this park , it 's certainly not vintage Justin Verlander , '' Leyland said . `` But at the same time , five runs is certainly not unreachable in this park . We had our shots . ''
The critical moment came in the fourth , when Verlander allowed a full-count , two-out , three-run double to Daniel Nava .
Verlander 's last three pitches to Nava were 99 , 99 and 100 miles per hour . The switch-hitting Nava got around just enough on the last one to slice the ball down the left-field line for a bases-clearing hit which staked Red Sox starter Daniel Bard ( 5-5 ) to a 4-0 lead .
Verlander gave up their last run in the fifth inning , when Adrian Gonzalez led off with a single and David Ortiz followed with a double .
Ortiz had three extra-base hits , including a seventh-inning home run off Duane Below , and took over the American League lead in that category with 29 .
That 's 23 more extra-base hits than Raburn has .
`` I 'm going to go down there and play just as hard as I do here , and hopefully get it going , because I know I can help this ball club , '' Raburn said . `` It 's just a matter of getting it going , getting back , and doing it . ''
Email David Mayo at dmayo @ mlive.com and follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/David_Mayo
Mercedes-AMG F1 W05 front wing analysis
The W05 featured from its launch a surprising amount of detailing all around the car , with at its head a very elaborate front wing . Much too detailed to be just a wing for early-days testing , they left it unchanged for all pre-season winter tests . I believe this wing will not change a lot , most likely some small tweaks , between now and the first race in Melbourne , being a very critical part for the airflow structures all around the car . This allows for an in-depth analysis , which I broke down to 4 parts : the endplates , cascades , basic wing and the complete picture .
Endplates
In the months before any 2014 car was launched , it became clear teams would have a challenge with getting air around the wheel , avoiding drag and turbulent airflow coming from the wheel wake , because of a reduction of 75mm on both sides of the front wing . Many , including myself , believed teams would choose to sacrifice even more front wing area to create endplates that bent more aggressively to get air away from the wheel .
Surprisingly , most teams chose not to . This is because they converged , throughout the years , to an “ endplate-less ” design . They for fill the mandatory bodywork that makes up the endplate , but actually let the front wing itself do most of the work in getting air around the tire . Still , since the endplate has to be there , teams utilize it to help the front wing in this aspect .
Mercedes ' solution actually goes way back to its 2009 predecessor Brawn team . Just getting started with radical aero rules changes , they came up with a unique solution of 2 smaller endplates partly overlapping each other . That year included , Mercedes actually kept that very same design for 3 years , with only very subtle changes . Such was the efficiency of its design . Coming into 2012 , they made changes to it , resembling more closely its current iteration :
Being remarkably simple , it does have a few functions . Air coming from the lower wing elements gets leaked out in the gap in between the 2 endplates . The latter endplate meets up with the last 3 front wing elements , bleeding off more high pressure at that point . The endplates bend subtly outwards , just enough to direct air away from the wheel . Interestingly , Mercedes copied a solution from Lotus F1 , adding a small flap to the latter endplate :
Lotus came up with this solution , albeit in a slightly different form , at Spain 2013 . Its purpose is n't completely clear , but I believe it tries to keep the faster moving air coming from the outer edges of the first wing elements , close to the footplate , not interrupting with the slower moving air coming from the latter wing elements , which have a higher angle of attack . That way the higher pressure air does n't get sucked in the lower pressure air and avoids contact with the wheel wake . A vortex will probably also be created at its tip , further separating the 2 flows . It 'll probably create a little bit of lift and drag , but it should overall have a beneficial effect .
Plain Wing
The front wing itself is also a clear evolution from last year . They kept the same amount of elements , 5 , but while only the upper element had a slot through and through , this year the 2 upper elements are just that .
More elements and longer slots keep the wing from stalling at high angles of attack . While technically they can use that for higher angles of attack , I believe it 's more a solution to the turbulent air from the rotating wheel , which normally messes up the airflow beneath the wing . Bleeding off cleaner airflow to underneath the wing will help in keeping airflow underneath the wing attached , preventing sudden downforce loss .
The endplate-less design becomes very apparent with the other parts removed . The outer edges of the elements try to roll up the airflow into a powerful vortex , accelerating air into an outwards bending flow . The upper element has its highest AoA nearer the edges , with a very interesting setup around it .
First of all Mercedes added a small inverted gurney flap right on top of the element ( highlighted in light blue ) and also right in front of the tire . Air underneath it gets blocked , creating a rotating flow structure . This will push the rest of the air much higher , again to ensure minimal interference from the tire . They aid this process with what must be the most twisted carbon fiber piece on the grid ( yellow ) . This piece spans over the 2 uppermost elements and together with the endplate boxes in airflow in the path of the tire , separating it completely from the other airflow . While this solution is n't beneficial for downforce creation , it does help significantly in reducing wheel drag , and also creates a low pressure field behind it , sucking in air coming from underneath the front wing . Also note that the twisted vane is integrated in the wing flap adjuster , which curls back down to the middle element . Clearly a lot of effort has been put into this .
The 2 elements that have slots through and through create a vortex at their tips . Last year Mercedes only choose to do so at the uppermost element , but this year they saw it needed to have 2 tips creating a single stronger vortex . This vortex passes along the Y250 line , a critical area for airflow moving to the splitter and floor .
Cascades
This part has been largely overhauled since last year , yet also keeping some trademark solutions . First of all , Mercedes dropped the r-winglet , which created a bit of downforce . Since downforce levels have been reduced , that winglet is less needed . The R-winglet also created another vortex along the Y250-line , but Mercedes felt a stronger vortex at the wing tips could do the job as well . We 'll see if the r-winglet pops back up during the season .
Mercedes expanded the cascade attached to the endplate , added a J-part ( yellow ) , added a small vertical turning vane ( blue ) and twisted all vertical pieces outwards , in an aggressive attempt to get again air away from the tires . Also note they kept the small flick at the middle plate of the cascade ( red circle ) ( this was the inner endplate of the cascade in 2013 ) , as well as the IR sensor ( green ) .
Complete Picture
The parts I 've spoken about of course do n't work on their own , but act in conjunction to each other . The mounting pillar of the cascades for instance is placed right in the path of the flap adjuster piece , directing air from the second it touches the wing . Vortices coming off the vanes and plates of the cascade set up airflow structures that close off even more the ‘ boxed-in ' airflow ahead of the tire . The Y250 vortex will also meet up with the turning vanes underneath the chassis further down the road . And air between the endplates and wing elements gets nicely guided towards the last element which bends the airflow very aggressively away from -yet again- the tire .
It also shows that modern front wings are just way more than downforce-production devices , acting as complex flow conditioners to both set up airflow patterns across the car and minimizing wheel drag .
All in all this a very detailed front wing to start the year with . I do n't see any major overhauls coming just yet . However , with the team bound to recuperate more and more rear downforce across the season , they will have to gain the same amount out of the front wing . Changing the angle of attack is n't as convenient as in the past , influencing airflow , forcing perhaps at one point to completely overhaul the front wing . However , for now they clearly have a strong base to build on .
On Friday , the Extrasolar Planets Encyclopedia registered more than 700 confirmed exoplanets . Although this is an amazing milestone , it wo n't be long until the “ first thousand ” are confirmed .
There are now more than 700 confirmed exoplanets in the database . The latest addition is the planet HD 100655 b .
— announced via the Exoplanet iPhone app
Only two months ago , the encyclopedia — administered by astrobiologist Jean Schneider of the Paris-Meudon Observatory — registered 600 confirmed alien worlds . Since then , there has been a slew of announcements including the addition of a batch of 50 exoplanets by the European Southern Observatory 's ( ESO ) High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher ( or HARPS ) in September .
The first exoplanet was discovered orbiting a Main Sequence star in 1995 , and the rate of exoplanet detections has been accelerating ever since .
It is worth noting that hundreds more candidate exoplanet detections have been made , many of which have been spotted by NASA 's Kepler space telescope . Kepler is staring at the same patch of sky , waiting for alien worlds to cross the line of sight between their parent star and Earth , registering a slight dip in starlight brightness . The 1,235 candidates will be confirmed ( or denied ) as Kepler awaits future transits .
Detecting the slight dimming of starlight is n't the only tool exoplanet hunters have to spot these alien worlds . The “ radial velocity ” method — as employed by systems such as the ESO 's HARPS — can detect the slight “ wobble ” of stars as orbiting worlds gravitationally “ tug ” on their parent stars . Both methods have their advantages and both are notching up an impressive exoplanet count . “ Microlensing ” has also been employed to spot a handful of exoplanets , as has direct imaging .
Exoplanetary studies are amongst the most exciting astronomical projects out there . Not only are we realizing there is a veritable zoo of worlds — some Earth-sized , others many times the mass of Jupiter — we are also pondering the most profound question : could extraterrestrial life inhabit these worlds ?
For now , we have no clue , but life as we know it has a habit of springing up where we least expect it , it 's only a matter of time before we start to have some clue as to the existence of life as we do n't know it .
A team led by scientists at University of British Columbia highlighted the impacts of climate change on the world 's oceans and marine life . Two scenarios were analyzed . One followed the changes that would arise if the world banded together to significantly curb greenhouse gas emissions ; the other summarized impacts 100 years from now if we 'd go on with business as usual . The report outlines the consequences under each scenario and found immediate action is required if we 're to avert at a catastrophic outcome , particularly regarding the planet 's oceans .
Clogging the planetary sink
The seas and oceans of the world act like a carbon sink . Since industrial times , the oceans have absorbed 90 % of the excess heat emitted in the atmosphere and about 28 % of the carbon pollution . Sea surface temperature increased over the 20th century and continues to rise . From 1901 through 2014 , temperatures rose at an average rate of 0.13°F per decade . Sea surface temperatures have been higher during the past three decades than at any other time since reliable observations began in 1880 .
“ There is a strong relationship between CO2 in the atmosphere and CO2 in the ocean and the consequence of that is the ocean becomes more acidic , ” said co-author William Cheung , a marine biologist .
With this in mind , it becomes clear that ocean ecosystems , where thousands of marine species are intertwined in a complicated dependency web , are particularly vulnerable – more so than terrestrial species . Besides increased temperatures , global warming also causes the oceans to become more acidic .
The first ocean life impact scenario assumed the the changes required to limit temperature rise at 2°C above pre-industrial temperatures , as advised by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change last year . In the second scenario , no further efforts are assumed and emissions are modeled based on current rising trends . During this scenario , average global temperatures rise by 5°C by the end of the century . Between now and 2100 , the latter scenario involves 6 times more global carbon pollution emitted by humans , the authors conclude in the paper published in Science .
Here 's what the report found : the 5°C warming scenario would cause oceans to rise 30 cm higher , oxygen content nearly 2 % lower , ocean acidity 70 % higher , and sea surface temperatures about 2°C hotter than in 2°C warming scenario . Once this dangerous threshold is reached , there 's little we can do to turn back . The change is irreversible and the carbon traps heat for centuries before breaking down .
“ In summary , the carbon that we emit today will change the Earth System irreversibly for many generations to come . The ocean 's content of carbon , acidity , and heat as well as sea level will continue to increase long after atmospheric CO 2 is stabilized . These irreversible changes increase with increasing emissions , underscoring the urgency of near-term carbon emission reduction if ocean warming and acidification are to be kept at moderate levels . ”
One of the most vulnerable ecosystems in the face of this major global shift are coral reefs . These comprise the habitat for around a quarter of the species in the oceans , and are important source of revenue from tourism for a lot of countries in the world . The acidic waters bleach the corals and kill them , while the higher temperatures might cause biotic diseases to spread .
Rising waters could threaten 0.2 to 4.6 % of the global population with annual severe floods . The economic damage is calculated to sit between 0.3 to 9.3 % of global GDP .
The rising temperatures and ocean acidification is also changing the global migration pattern of fish . Economically , this could bear significant disadvantages to the fishing sector .
“ Recent studies strongly reiterate that many species—including various invertebrates , commercially important fish species and marine mammals—are undergoing phenological and geographical shifts of up to 400 km per decade as a result of warming , ” the authors write . “ We can already see that fish in equatorial waters are moving toward the poles seeking cooler water , ” said Cheung .
The report comes as the United Nations prepares to host a global summit on carbon dioxide emissions in Paris later this year .
“ Until now the oceans have not been a big part of this discussion , ” said Cheung . “ Oceans provide important economic support for human societies and profoundly affect weather patterns , ” said economist and co-author Rashid Sumaila .
Enjoyed this article ? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter . Subscribe now !
Looks like Hollywood is finally starting to take notice of Blue Valentine and The Place Beyond the Pines director Derek Cianfrance , because they are now piling them high with potential upcoming projects , with The Light Between Oceans and ESPN story These Guys Have All The Fun already on theirs plate .
The newest would reunite them with their Pines star Ben Mendelsohn but , more importantly , is about creepy , creepy clowns . It 's called A Cotton Candy Autopsy , Cianfrance told Jeff Goldsmith 's podcast ( via The Playlist ) , and will be based on a 1990s DC Comic of the same name .
[ Rich adds : That would be from the very first issue of Beautiful Stories For Ugly Children by Dave Louapre and Dan Sweetman . Happy days . ]
Plot details are hard to come by , but The Playlist managed to track down this delightful summary :
a clown at a circus which burns down as the story opens , sets out with their friends Bingo , Foo Foo , Joey Punchinello and Addy the Freaklady on a road trip adventure that stands a good chance of changing your views on clowns forever .
It sounds completely terrifying and something I will never , ever see , so the good news here is that Cianfrance is still in the writing stage with Darius Marder so it wo n't be hitting theaters for a very long time . Phew .
About Linda Ge
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
So what have we got ? Dinosaurs ? Demonic soul-reapers ? Parallel globo-Nazis ? Hyperspherical juggernaut-beings ? Come on
Anyone who has watched a TV , read any sci-fi or seen any movies will be well aware that hyperdimensional spacewarp wormhole portals do n't normally lead to anything boring like empty space , parallel civilisations where humanity lives in peace and harmony or anything like that .
Rather , it seems a racing cert that we 're looking here at an imminent visit from a race of carnivorous dinosaur-men , the superhuman clone hive-legions of some evil genetic queen-empress , infinite polypantheons of dark nega-deities imprisoned for aeons and hungering to feast upon human souls , a parallel-history victorious Nazi globo-Reich or something of that type .
We took the matter up with Dr Mike Lamont , a control-room boffin at the LHC .
`` We 're hoping to see supersymmetry and extra dimensions , '' they confirmed .
Pressed on the matter of doors through which something might come , as hinted at by Bertolucci , Lamont rather elliptically said `` well , he 's a theorist '' , before recommending the book Warped Passages by physicist Lisa Randall . This explores ways in which extra-dimensional space and entities might interact with our own . It uses among others the example of how a sphere moving in 3D space would appear to someone living on a single 2D plane-space - that is as a mysterious circle suddenly blossoming into existence , growing , perhaps moving about and then shrinking down and vanishing again .
`` There are no maths in it , '' added Lamont encouragingly , having assessed the intellectual level of the Reg news team with disconcerting percipience .
Summarising , then , it appears that we might be in for some kind of invasion by spontaneously swelling and shrinking spherical or wheel-shaped creatures - something on the order of the huge rumbling stone ball from Indiana Jones - able to move in and out of our plane at will . Soon the cities of humanity will lie in smoking ruins , shattered by the Attack of the Teleporting Juggernaut-tyrants from the Nth Dimension .
Dr Bertolucci later got in touch to confirm that yes indeed , there would be an `` open door '' , but that even with the power of the LHC at their disposal they would only be able to hold it open `` a very tiny lapse of time , 10 -26 seconds , [ but ] during that infinitesimal amount of time we would be able to peer into this open door , either by getting something out of it or sending something into it .
`` Of course , '' adds Bertolucci , `` after this tiny moment the door would again shut , bringing us back to our 'normal ' four dimensional world ... It would be a major leap in our vision of Nature , although of no practcal use ( for the time being , at least ) . And of course [ there would be ] no risk to the stability of our world . ''
We say : Excellent . Who said the LHC was a waste of money ? ®
Alexei Kervezee has shelved the orange of the Netherlands © ICC/Ian Jacobs
Alexei Kervezee has announced their retirement from international cricket for the Netherlands in order to focus on their career with Worcestershire with a view to pushing their case for an England place .
The Netherlands board has called Kervezee 's decision `` extremely disappointing '' and added there would be a chance for them to return in the future while the 23-year-old batsman , who had represented Netherlands in age-group tournaments since the age of 13 , said it was a difficult call to make but believes they have to commit full-time to the county scene .
`` It 's a decision that I have n't taken lightly and have thought long and hard about over the last few months but feel at this time in my career it is right for me in order to pursue my ultimate goal , '' Kervezee said . `` I want clarity in my mind as to what I 'm working to and for , where I want to be and what I need to do to get there .
`` It 's always been an honour and pleasure representing Netherlands Cricket and something I never took lightly . I owe a great deal to Dutch cricket and playing for them is something that I will forever cherish , but at this point in my career I feel I need to focus on my future at Worcestershire . ''
Jeroen Smit , the Cricket Netherlands chairperson of selectors , said : `` This is an extremely disappointing day for Dutch Cricket to be losing a player of Alexei 's capabilities in a crucial World Cup Qualification year .
`` Peter Drinnen [ the coach ] , Richard Cox [ the CEO ] and I have spent many hours in recent times attempting to persuade Alexei against this decision . Alexei has been an outstanding player for the Netherlands and they know our door is always open if their England aspirations do n't materialise but for now it 's time for us to move on and to pursue our stated aim of qualification for the 2015 World Cup . ''
Kervezee has played 49 first-class matches for Worcestershire and has an average of 32.93 including four hundreds and a top-score of 155 . In their first full season in 2010 they scored 1190 Championship runs although struggled to match that return in their next two campaigns with 2012 being a particular battle as they played just seven matches and averaged 25 .
Internationally , Kervezee played 39 ODIs for the Netherlands with a top-score of 92 and 10 Twenty20s .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
TORONTO — An acrimonious fight between two huge construction unions — openly called “ arch-rivals ” — is being waged on billboards , the Internet and in court with one of Ontario 's largest pension funds now the focal point of the feud .
The long , vociferous dispute has shifted from union-hall and work-site scuffles to the more acceptable arenas of courts and advertising — but with little muting of the umbrage and scorn .
The Labourers International Union of North America ( LIUNA ) and the United Brotherhood of Carpenters are “ arch-rival construction unions , ” as they are referred to in court documents . They battle over some of the same tradesmen in the same area doing the same work .
Add tough and ambitious unionists on both sides and intermittent , internecine feuds between members within the same organization to that precarious mix and the result is decades of few-holds-barred scrapping .
“ Organizations have strong cultures and their histories become their cultures , ” said Carla Lipsig-Mummé , a labour studies professor at York University who studies the Canadian union movement . “ This is a particular culture and a particular set of fights refought in continuity . For the length of time it 's gone on and the way it has flipped back and forth , it is unusual . ”
‘ The violence is gone , thank God , from the old days . … But the tension and conflicts exists and they exist for a number of reasons '
The epicenter of the current dispute is Toronto , where LIUNA 's Local 183 represents some of the workers in similar trades as the Carpenters ' Local 1030 , creating its own war within a war .
The Carpenters ' union , Joe Mancinelli , LIUNA 's regional manager for central and eastern Canada , openly says , is “ our nemesis . ”
“ The violence is gone , thank God , from the old days — and that predates my 38 years with LIUNA , ” they said in an interview with the National Post . “ But the tension and conflicts exists and they exist for a number of reasons . ”
They point to personalities , jurisdiction , limitations of market share and government rules allowing “ raiding ” of other union members , among them .
( After several requests over three weeks for an interview with the Carpenters ' union , based in Woodbridge , Ont. , or its lawyer , no official was made available to the Post prior to deadline . )
The industry both unions represent works differently from most , which creates an environment that fuels dispute .
Construction work involves gathering workers to complete a specific , limited project with an employer typically hiring for that finite purpose — once the house is built or the road complete , that job is done . The person paying for the work , such as a developer or homeowner , deals with contractors and sub-contractors and sub-sub-contractors rather than hiring individual workers .
‘ The big winners are the lawyers '
The big construction unions negotiate three-year collective agreements on behalf of the workers , not with a single company but with multiple employer organizations . LIUNA 's Local 183 in Toronto , for instance , has contracts with about 4,000 different companies that hire its workers .
Instead of relying on a company for employment , then , construction workers rely on a construction union .
“ For individual workers , the union becomes an absolute lifeline to maintaining a job , ” said Prof. Lipsig-Mummé .
Working in the same industry and in the same geography , growth for one union often entails diminishing the other .
Periodically , groups of disaffected members move from one to the other , often with great fanfare and vitriol . It 's called “ raiding , ” invoking the language of pirates . ( The unions often use war terminology — a 2007 agreement on jurisdiction of the high-rise trim sector is called “ a peace treaty . ” )
Each time the three-year collective bargaining agreements wind down , the raiding begins — a three-month competition to grab new members for the next contract period . Each round of raiding brings new accusations from one side or the other , or both .
“ The big winners are the lawyers , ” said Mr. Mancinelli .
“ The law profession does extremely well during the raiding period because of all the silliness that goes on , trying to steal each others members. ” They said LIUNA no longer engages in raiding .
In 2012 , the Carpenters made an aggressive move to raid LIUNA members , though , using as its main message questions about LIUNA 's pension fund and benefits plans .
It speaks both to the economic times and the heavy physical toll of construction that Carpenter recruiters so aggressively grabbed onto the issue of the pension fund to build a case .
LIUNA 's fund , the Labourers ' Pension Fund of Central and Eastern Canada ( LPF ) , is a big one — more than $ 4-billion in assets , one of the province 's largest .
“ I think everybody now , probably over the age of 28 , is looking at pension funds with a new respect and a new fear , whatever industry you 're in , white collar or blue collar , ” said Prof. Lipsig-Mummé .
“ Construction work is historically work where men 's bodies wear out by the time they 're middle age . It may not matter if you are skilled , semi-skilled or unskilled , you 're not going to go back on the tools . So , a pension defines how you will live for a longer chunk of time for construction workers than for other workers . ”
That may explain why the pension fund has been at the forefront of the Carpenters ' message in trying to attract LIUNA members ; and why the strong messaging sparked another lawsuit between LIUNA and the Carpenters .
The board of trustees of LIUNA 's pension fund , including Mr. Mancinelli , seeks $ 1.2 million from members of the Carpenters ' District Council and its Local 1030 , claiming the campaign on YouTube , websites and a brochure suggest LIUNA 's pension fund is at risk .
‘ I think everybody now , probably over the age of 28 , is looking at pension funds with a new respect and a new fear '
The Carpenters videos have lines such as , “ The members know that the LIUNA pension is in big trouble ” and an animation of a sinking boat labeled “ LIUNA Pension , ” the suit complains . The statements are “ made with malice ” and convey “ false and defamatory ” suggestions , the suit says .
The suit claims the opposite is true — that the LIUNA pension plan is “ financially secure ” and “ superior in many respects ” to the Carpenters ' plan . None of the allegations have been tested in court .
Mr. Mancinelli knows the power of the pension .
“ The underlying reason why they remain members is that at the end of the day — after working their backs off for so many years in an industry that they have to endure some physical hardships — they will be rewarded with a really good pension , ” they said .
Perhaps in response , LIUNA is promoting the pension in an advertising campaign in major cities in central and eastern Canada , including a billboard along Toronto 's Gardner Expressway , the scene of some of the most aggressive condo building .
Acrimony and complaints have been a part of construction unions like hammers and nails for decades .
In Ontario in the 1960s and 70s , violence erupted on building sites as trades unions vied for contracts . A Royal Commission in 1974 found that the “ sinister element ” of organized crime had infiltrated the industry .
Over the decades since , LIUNA and the Carpenters have both suffered accusations of organized crime links .
LIUNA 's U.S. affiliate seemed the worst . In 1996 , then-U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno declared that “ organized crime figures took over the union in 1926. ” In the 1990s , mob infiltration nearly brought a racketeering indictment and , instead , the U.S. union promised to “ clean itself up ” and hold an open vote for leadership . A U.S. prosecutor said that the last time an opposition candidate sought election in 1981 , “ he was viciously beaten on the convention floor . ”
‘ I do n't know these people , at all . In fact , they do n't like us '
Part of the cleanup was a LIUNA constitution specifically banning officials from “ knowingly associating with any member or associate of any organized crime syndicate . ”
Mr. Mancinelli points to the rule dictating ethical behaviour as something other unions should follow .
A decade ago , as part of an internal LIUNA squabble , the largest and most powerful chapter in Canada , Toronto 's Local 183 , accused the Hamilton-based regional office of breaching the anti-mob ordinance . The local hired private investigators who claimed to see Cosmo Mannella , a LIUNA official , speaking with alleged mobsters , including Domenic Musitano Jr. , the son of a dead Hamilton Mafia boss , and Cosimo Commisso , a long alleged Toronto Mafia boss .
More recently , LIUNA faced another accusation of a link to Mr. Commisso . In March , LIUNA Local 183 's general counsel , John Evans , wrote to the Ontario Provincial Police asking it to assess Construction Labour Force Ltd. , a firm with a LIUNA bargaining agreement , managed by Mr. Commisso 's nephew Giomino .
“ The nature of the allegation brought to our attention is that this corporation is controlled by organized crime . Out of an abundance of caution we write to you to seek your assistance to investigate , ” wrote Mr. Evans .
The OPP forwarded the material to the Toronto Police .
Mr. Mancinelli said any contact would be incidental , non-union related , adding Mr. Mannella may know some of the men from growing up in Toronto 's Little Italy .
“ I do n't know these people , at all . In fact , they do n't like us , ” they said of the gangsters .
The Carpenters faced their own accusations .
In the 1980s , Agostino “ Gus ” Simone was a Carpenters union representative and close associate of Toronto Mafia boss Paul Volpe . Volpe gave Peter Scarcella , long named as mob leader , a job as a Carpenters organizer , says a police report from the 1990s . Mr. Scarcella was a union organizer until 1984 when they resigned because of bad publicity for being linked to Volpe 's murder .
When Mr. Scarcella was arrested over the botched mob hit in 2004 that left bystander Louise Russo paralyzed , they were a consultant with the Carpenters ' union , according to prison documents .
It is not only Ontario 's industry beset by such links .
The Charbonneau corruption inquiry highlighted problems in Quebec , uncovering collusion by companies who rigged public works contracts bids , in league with municipal bureaucrats and the Mafia . The inquiry heard of mob links and corruption in the FTQ-Construction , one of Quebec 's largest unions .
But another lawsuit between LIUNA and the Carpenters being argued in court does n't involve mob figures but hardscrabble union politics .
LIUNA Local 183 seeks more than $ 46-million in damages from the Carpenters , alleging dirty tricks , conspiracy and defamation stemming from a heated election in 2011 for LIUNA 's Local 183 's executive .
Local 183 has been a powerhouse , fueled by Toronto 's endless building boom , making it one of the largest union locals in North America .
Elections are held every four years and by 2011 , two divergent forces within the local had emerged , one slate of candidates largely comprised of incumbents and a rival slate . Court documents describe the election as “ hotly contested ” and “ acrimonious . ”
In the end , the challengers won a clean sweep . Several defeated incumbents challenged the results with LIUNA 's international office , in court and with the Ontario Labour Relations Board .
Afterwards , they were expelled from LIUNA — and joined the Carpenters .
It brought more alarming headlines and another round of unresolved legal wrangling .
While the bevy of lawsuits before the courts may set some parameters for the feud , given the history and the bad blood , it seems unlikely to immediately end it .
National Post
• Email : ahumphreys @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : AD_Humphreys
Get ready for the best in off-radar winter fun . Here are five essential Canadian winter adventures :
Go Dog-Skiing , BC
The antithesis of cat-skiing in more than just wordplay , Revelstoke Dogsled Adventures , in BC 's Kootenays , is ( unofficially ) the world 's first “ dog-skiing ” operation . Landing somewhere between the hard-work-is-its-own-reward experience of alpine touring and the convenience and quick travel of snowcatting , dog-skiers — you guessed it — load their snowboards and skis onto a dogsled and head upslope with the Powderhounds in search of epic Kootenay cold smoke . These friendly canines will even escort you to an au natural hot springs at day 's end . Why do this ? Owner Eric Marsden puts it best , “ In a time when dog teams are disappearing from the Canadian landscape , we saw it as a progressive and greener way to put people in the backcountry. ” Limited opportunities are available , minimum fitness/experience levels apply ; $ 539 per person .
Start Here : revelstokedogsledadventures.ca
High-Altitude Ice Diving , AB
On paper , this seems like a bad idea . With your scuba gear prepped and always with a buddy ( or two ) , you 're going to cut a hole in the thick ice covering Banff National Park 's Lake Minnewanka , climb in and dive beneath the frozen surface to seek out the ruins of a ghost town hidden below 14 and 100 metres of water . Sixteen different historic sites await the experienced diver ; the former resort town of Minnewanka Landing appearing like an apparition in the green glow of the winter underwater environment . Submerged in 1941 when Calgary Power Co. built a dam ( with authorization granted via the War Measures Act ) , the townsite holds as-they-lay artefacts from the turn of the last century , made ever more mysterious by their cloak of water and ice . If this seems beyond your current experience level , Calgary 's Aqua Sport Scuba Centre offers ice diving certification courses . With the right skillset , bad ideas can be the best ideas .
Start Here : pc.gc.ca/banff & aquasportscuba.com
Kite-Ski the Prairies , SK
What Saskatchewan lacks in elevation change , it makes up for with ingenuity . Without a hill to compete with the West and East 's best , our Prairie province still manages to dish up ski and snowboard thrills by harnessing the power of flatland-wind and making use of the wide open spaces that so typify the Land of Living Skies . This is kite-skiing and kite-boarding : outfitted with conventional downhill skis or a snowboard , you 'll learn to wrangle a kite that can propel you at eye-watering speeds overtop snow-blanketed farmland . Some experienced kiters even build big kickers , but since this is a Winter Secret , we 'll assume you 'll require Prairie Kiteboarding 's three-hour All Inclusive Lesson — kiting gear is provided , bring your own snowsuit and skis . Price , $ 250 per person .
Start Here : prairiekiteboarding.com
Find Winter 's Phantoms , QC
One of Canada 's most compelling snowshoe trail networks lies hidden in Quebec 's Saguenay-Lac Saint Jean Region : La Valle des Fantomes . Accessed via snowcat , which departs daily from the Parc national des Monts-Valin Discovery Centre in Saguenay at 10:30 a.m. and arrives at the trailhead some 45 minutes later , ‘ shoers set out on a six-kilometre tromp to the summit of Pic Dubuc , 980 metres above sea level , passing innumerable “ Phantoms ” along the way — stubby treetops caked in windblown snow that appear as ghosts in the bleached-out environs . From there , take in the boundless views of Mont-Valin Massif and the Saguenay Lowlands before heading to the transfer station for a picnic lunch and back to the awaiting snowcat for its 4:00 p.m. departure . Winter huts are available and there are seven other snowshoe trails in the area , ranging from three to 16 km . ( Snowcat , $ 53.50 per person ; huts , $ 25.50 per person . )
Start Here : sepaq.com
Secret Storms , NS & BC
The Gulf Stream rushes off the southeast coast of Nova Scotia throughout the cold-months and creates a two-fold natural phenomenon : first , it can melt snow with ferocity , and second , it brings the gnarliest surf of the year to beaches like Lawrencetown , Martinque and White Point as well as super-secret footpath-accessed locals ' favourites in between . Perhaps best of all , due to frigid water temperatures and barely-warmer beaches , these breaks dwindle in popularity once the last storms of September send the tourists home , yet One Life Surf School ( Lawrencetown ) and White Point Beach Resort ( White Point ) remain open for lessons and rentals year-round . Not secret enough for you ? Well , the Pacific Coast has winter waves too — much has been penned about the beaches of Vancouver Island , but few know about the wicked surf punishing the coast of Haida Gwaii from October to May , or the upstart North Beach Surf Shop in Masset . Untouched ? Check . Rugged ? Check . A secret ? Not anymore .
Start Here : novascotia.com & northbeachsurfshop.com
This weekend sees the long-awaited premiere of the new series of Twin Peaks while Saint Etienne 's new album will see release next month . Below , the band 's Pete Wiggs talks to tQ about the parallels between the two , and the lasting influence of series composer Angelo Badalamenti
There is an unusual parallel between Saint Etienne and Twin Peaks . June 2 sees the release of the band 's new album , Home Counties , coinciding with the premiere of the long-awaited third series of David Lynch 's masterpiece TV series just a couple of weeks earlier .
Further still , the band were formed in 1990 , the same year the first series of the show debuted . All this is coincidental , of course - `` It would be a slightly odd thing to plan , '' - says the band 's Pete Wiggs .
However while there is no grand Lynchian conspiracy at work here , the parallels between the two go further than a couple of coincidental dates . The work of Twin Peaks composer Angelo Badalamenti , in particular , has had a lasting impression on the group .
Nowhere has this ever been more apparent in Saint Etienne 's back catalogue than on 'Breakneck Hill ' , an instrumental from the new album premiering with tQ above , which bears many of the composer 's hallmark atmospherics .
Below , Wiggs speaks to tQ about the lasting influence of Badalamenti and Lynch on Saint Etienne throughout their career , and the parallels of using their work to find hidden depth in the respectively pedestrian ( on the surface ) environments of the British Home Counties and the small American town of Twin Peaks .
Photo by Rob Baker Ashton
What was your first contact with Angelo Badalamenti 's work ?
I saw Blue Velvet at the cinema when it came out , Bob and I had been into David Lynch since watching Eraserhead on video a few years before . Blue Velvet was probably the most disturbing thing I 'd ever seen , the music really added to the dreamlike atmosphere of the film .
Was there an immediate appeal , or did it seep in over time ? I think it was cemented when Twin Peaks came out , we were really looking forward to it coming out on TV , most made for TV shows were pretty crappy in those days and the idea of David Lynch making TV was exciting . Jeff Barratt ( heavenly records ) had somehow seen an episode already and said how amazing the Julee Cruise music was . But right from the start the Angelo Badalamenti theme was electrifying .
'Breakneck Hill ' sounds like it bears a Twin Peaks influence , but is Badalamenti 's presence felt on the rest of the album ?
'Breackneck Hill ' was n't consciously Twin Peaks inspired but I had recently re-watched and closely listened to the soundtrack of Blue Velvet for an essay I was writing , so it must have influenced me . It 's hard to say if their presence is felt elsewhere , maybe Sweet Arcadia has a hint of it .
What about in your back catalogue ? Are there any particular periods in which you were particularly under Lynch or Badalamenti 's influence ?
I 'm sure there 's more but our cover of 'My Christmas Prayer ' and 'No Rainbows ' for me come to mind . We were really into the Twin Peaks soundtrack when making our first two albums – I think it influenced a lot of the instrumental decisions , moods and chord changes . I do n't know if It 's directly a David Lynch influence but we have always been into contrasting darker lyrics say with upbeat music and vice versa . On our latest record ‘ Underneath the Apple Tree ' is actually the place where Sarah 's family buried their dead pet cats . The mental pictures we have when writing story based songs ( e.g . Burnt Out Car , Erika America ) have a great debt to filmmakers like Lynch .
Does the new album try to find a hidden depth to the Home Counties as an environment , in the same way Lynch does of the town of Twin Peaks ?
Whilst the stories are n't as dark or twisted as some of Lynch 's , there 's definitely an element of giving a different take on the area . 'Breakneck Hill ' was a nickname for a hill in Reigate 's Priory Park that as schoolkids we would dare each other to run up ; several others had dared and broken necks and other bones , so the legend went . I was pretty terrified by it at age 6 and have a David Lynch like image of it clearly printed in my mind all these years later . I went back to look at it a couple of years ago and it 's an easily manageable and fairly unremarkable slope .
What else were you taking in during the creative process of the new album ?
Bob and I had just finished compiling 'English Weather ' and had been listening to a lot of late sixties , early seventies psyche and prog tinged music , and had started researching its French counterpart , so a lot of that music was fresh in our minds .
Do you want to celebrate the ‘ pedestrian ' on the new record ?
'Sweet Arcadia ' gives an almost epic voice to the inhabitants of 'the plotlands ' , tracts of farmland given way to makeshift communities of prefab and self-built homes . The inner sleeve of the album depicts a parade of shops that both Bob and I would spend what seemed like eternities hanging around outside waiting for our mums to finish shopping and nattering . A lot of things that annoyed you in your youth can now be seen as things that led to who you are now and what you like and dislike . You could call it a love hate relationship but it 's easier to appreciate things with distance . Pedestrian sometimes has a charm to it and can be the opposite of slick and flashy , like comfort food or a relative that you are allowed to slag off but would be offended if anyone else did .
With a lap time of 1:42.200 , e.dams ' Nicolas Prost made history , claiming the first pole in Formula E history . In doing so , they also earn three championship points . They were .106 tenths quicker than ABT 's Lucas di Grassi .
The second row will be made up of Daniel Abt and Karun Chandhok . The third row is filled by Franck Montagny and Nick Heidfeld . Row four will consist of Jaime Alguersuari and Charles Pic . The final two drivers inside the top ten are Nelson Piquet Jr and Oriol Servia ( Buemi was ninth , but faces a ten spot grid penalty ) .
Three drivers ( Bruno Senna , Jarno Trulli , and Stephane Sarrazin ) failed to complete a lap and will bring up the rear . Senna , along with di Grassi and Katherine Legge , have won the FanBoost for this race .
Group One
Dramas quickly took place as qualifying got underway . Sarrazin pulled off with issues and was quickly followed by Trulli , who tagged the turn eight walls with the left rear and damaged their rear wing . Neither driver were able to post a time . That corner has proven to be the big trouble spot this weekend and will be one to watch . Karun Chandhok took the early advantage .
Group Two
None of the five drivers in Group Two could match Chandhok and the closest ( Charles Pic ) , was still two and a half tenths off .
Group Three
Nicolas Prost and Lucas di Grassi rocketed to the top , rapidly dropping Chandhok down the charts . In the closing moments , Prost was pushing to improve their time and had a lock up , causing them to crash nose-first into a barrier . The damage was minimal . Simultaneously , their teammate Sebastien Buemi stopped on track after slapping the notorious turn eight walls , damaging their machine as well .
Group Four
Rumblings through the paddock were that we 'd see a showdown that would send chills through race fans ... A battle between Prost and Senna . Unfortunately , issues precluded Senna , who led FP2 , from having any shot at Prost 's pole time .
Behemoth : The Structure and Practice of National Socialism 1933–1944 is a book by the German lawyer and political scientist Franz Leopold Neumann . It was written from 1941 to 1944 during their exile in the United States and appeared for the first time in 1942 , then in an expanded edition in 1944 .
Contents [ edit ]
The title is a reference to Thomas Hobbes ' book Behemoth from 1668 , and the monster from Jewish mythology of the same name .
Although Nazi Germany appeared as an authoritarian and strong state , Neumann did not compare it with the monster Leviathan , also used by Hobbes . Instead , they equated it with Behemoth , which to Hobbes had represented a state of lawlessness in society , the state of nature . In a complex analysis , Neumann tried to show that behind the authoritarian and autocratic façade of the Nazi regime , there was ultimately nothing but unbridled terror , egotism and arbitrariness on the part of certain social groups .
An example of this was the aryanization ( confiscation ) of Jewish property , which had mostly served the interests of large capitalist companies such as Mannesmann or Thyssen .
Here , we investigate the tubulogenic potential of commercially-sourced iPS-ECs with and without supporting commercially-sourced hMSCs within 3D natural fibrin or semi-synthetic gelatin methacrylate ( GelMA ) hydrogels . We developed a selectable dual color third generation lentiviral reporter ( hEF1α-H2B-mOrange2-IRES-EGFP PGK-Puro ) to differentially label the nucleus and cytoplasm of iPS-ECs which allowed real-time tracking of key steps of vascular morphogenesis such as vacuole formation and coalescence to form shared multicellular lumens . We implement 3D quantification of the network character and validate that transduced and untransduced iPS-ECs can form tubules in fibrin with or without supporting hMSCs . In addition to natural fibrin gels , we also investigated tubulogenesis in GelMA , a semi-synthetic material that has received increased interest due to its ability to be photopatterned and 3D printed , and which may thus boost development of complex 3D models for regenerative medicine studies . We find that iPS-ECs alone have a muted tubulogenic response within GelMA , but that their tubulogenic response is enhanced when they are co-cultured with a small fraction of hMSCs ( 2 % of total cells ) . Our work bolsters previous findings by validating established tubulogenic mechanisms with commercially available iPS-ECs , and we expect our findings will benefit biologic studies of vasculogenesis and will have applications in tissue engineering to pre-vascularize tissue constructs which are fabricated with advanced photopatterning and three-dimensional printing .
While the astronauts in the US segment of the International Space Station ( ISS ) are working on returning their spacesuits to full service , the Russian segment conducted another , somewhat routine , extravehicular activity ( EVA ) . RS EVA-41 , the only Russian spacewalk of 2015 , began at 10:20 a.m. Eastern on Monday and completed all of the tasks ahead of schedule .
RS EVA-41 : * Click here for LIVE Coverage *
Among the objectives of the spacewalk , designated RS-41 , were the installation of gap spanners , maintenance of antennas used for communication with visiting vehicles , cleaning of a window , and science experiment work .
The spacewalk began on schedule at 14:20 UTC ( 10:20 a.m. Eastern ) with cosmonauts Gennady Padalka and Mikhail Kornienko egressing the Pirs airlock .
Padalka was EV-1 , wearing an Orlan spacesuit with blue stripes . Kornienko was EV-2 , although their suit also has blue stripes .
Their first task was to install a gap spanner between two handrails on the Service Module ( Zvezda ) . This installation was planned for just five minutes , as the two handrails are very close to each other . That proved to be the case – along with the pace of the entire spacewalk – as the duo proceeded through their tasks at good speed .
Gap spanners , literally translated from Russian as soft handrails , are straps that connect handrails on the hull of the station . Cosmonauts use the gap spanners to translate past various obstacles more easily .
Then , the spacewalkers moved to window No.2 on Plane IV of the Service Module , and cleaned the window from rocket engine exhaust that deposits on the exterior of the station as visiting spacecraft arrive and leave .
Using a tool that was more akin to something used to buff wax on a car , the window was cleaned after about five minutes work .
After the cleaning , the pair of cosmonauts translated along a series of handrails to the WAL1 , WAL2 , and WAL3 antennas , which serve communication between the Russian segment and approaching and departing visiting vehicles .
They installed fasteners on all three of these antennas , which proved to be troublesome at first , before the task was successfully completed .
The fasteners are designed to prevent the antenna covers from inadvertently coming off – an issue observed back in August 2013 .
This task was followed by a visual check of their spacesuits , glove cleaning , and jettisoning of used towels . Two towels were jettisoned in total .
The next activity on the EVA timeline was the photography of the Expose-R experiment .
The experiment examines how microgravity and the conditions outside the ISS affect different biological samples .
The pictures taken will reveal to investigators whether there has been any change to the materials involved with this experiment .
Another experiment that the cosmonauts worked with was the Obstanovka experiment , which investigates plasma wave processes in the vicinity of the ISS .
Commander Padalka dismantled a sensor unit and stowed it in their crew lock bag to bring the sensor inside the station towards the end of the spacewalk .
Next up was the installation of another gap spanner and sampling of a radiator panel surface as part of the Test experiment .
More sampling took place near the Russian environmental and life support systems overboard vents . The systems sampled was Vozdukh ( carbon dioxide scrubbing ) and Elektron ( oxygen generation ) .
After the sampling , the cosmonaut duo returned back to the airlock and stowed their crew lock bag which contained the sensor unit from Obstanovka and the used sampling kits . They retrieve more equipment related to the antenna work and also a brand-new antenna to replace the WAL6 antenna .
Next , the EVA crew then installed fasteners on the WAL4 antenna .
The final antenna maintenance task was to cut off cabling from the WAL6 antenna , remove the antenna and install its replacement . After they routed and connected all the necessary cables for the new antenna , the two headed back to the airlock and jettisoned the old antenna .
“ Bye bye ” was the call as the antenna was sent on a retrograde path away from the Station .
This proved to be the final task , as the spacewalkers had already translated to the Poisk module , where they reposition BKDO , a piece of equipment which measures rocket engine plume impingements on the station 's hull .
With all tasks complete – ahead of schedule – they returned to the airlock to wrap up the EVA . The total duration of the excursion was 5 hours and 31 minutes .
( Images via NASA and Roscosmos ) .
A WELL-KNOWN agent is making a bid to bring in Kenyon Martin for the PBA Commissioner 's Cup , although there 's no word yet on whether a move to the local pro league would interest the NBA star .
Player agent Sheryl Reyes said they have started negotiations with the camp of the high-flying Martin , a 12-year NBA veteran who is without a team after a stint with the Los Angeles Clippers last season where they averaged 5.2 points and 4.3 rebounds in 42 games .
“ I am moving heaven and earth to bring them here . Kenyon is now weighing their options , ” said Reyes .
The 6-9 forward would be a big boost for any team in the tournament that will feature imports of unlimited height , but Reyes declined to reveal which PBA ballclub they are representing in the negotiations .
“ The deal is a go if Martin decides on it , their final decision will matter in the end , ” they said .
Continue reading below ↓
Reyes has previously brought in imports like Sammy Monroe ( Barako Bull ) , Rodney White ( Barako Bull ) , Donnel Harvey ( Talk N ' Text ) , Chris Alexander ( Ginebra ) , Leroy Hickerson ( Air 21 ) , Mario West ( Meralco ) and Olympian Champ Oguchi ( Meralco ) .
They have also previously made attempts to bring in NBA stars Allen Iverson and Tracy McGrady . Reyes said they have ties with the US agency that eventually brought McGrady to China 's pro league .
The agent is confident they can bring in Martin after another NBA veteran , Renaldo Balkman , signed up to play for the Petron Blaze Boosters in the import-laced tournament .
One of Martin 's best friends is former Barako Bull import and Reyes client DerMarr Johnson , who the agent said has been bragging about the popularity of basketball in the Philippines , particularly the PBA .
“ I am very persistent to bring Martin in , I am their fan and I 'm sure Pinoy would love it , ” concluded Reyes .
https : //static.ellitoral.com/img/logo-litoral.png El Litoral
El Litoral
Martes 28.06.2011 - Última actualización - 29.06.2011 - 20:48
17:41
en capital federal
Binner lanzó el Frente Amplio Progresista
El gobernador de Santa Fe encabezó el acto de lanzamiento del espacio con el que el que se presentará como candidato a presidente en las próximas elecciones . Definió al FAP como “ algo nuevo en la República Argentina ante un resquebrajamiento de todas las estructuras partidarias que se fueron alejando de la realidad social , económica y política del país ” . Estuvo presente Pino Solanas .
Foto : Gentileza Prensa Partido Socialista
en capital federal Binner lanzó el Frente Amplio Progresista El gobernador de Santa Fe encabezó el acto de lanzamiento del espacio con el que el que se presentará como candidato a presidente en las próximas elecciones . Definió al FAP como “ algo nuevo en la República Argentina ante un resquebrajamiento de todas las estructuras partidarias que se fueron alejando de la realidad social , económica y política del país ” . Estuvo presente Pino Solanas . El gobernador de Santa Fe encabezó el acto de lanzamiento del espacio con el que el que se presentará como candidato a presidente en las próximas elecciones . Definió al FAP como “ algo nuevo en la República Argentina ante un resquebrajamiento de todas las estructuras partidarias que se fueron alejando de la realidad social , económica y política del país ” . Estuvo presente Pino Solanas .
El gobernador de la provincia de Santa Fe y candidato presidencial del Frente Amplio Progresista ( FAP ) , Hermes Binner , encabezó hoy el acto de lanzamiento de las candidaturas de ese espacio , con la presencia del líder de Proyecto Sur , Fernando `` Pino '' Solanas , a pesar que esa fuerza concurrirá a las elecciones primarias del 14 de agosto con listas propias .
Durante el acto , Binner buscó bajar los decibeles de la polémica generada por el alejamiento de Solanas del espacio y agradeció en su discurso la presencia en el lugar del candidato a jefe de gobierno de Proyecto Sur , al sostener que `` to-dos decían que no nos íbamos a poner de acuerdo y hoy está acá Pino acompañándonos '' .
`` Pino '' había anticipado sorpresivamente ayer su presencia en el acto de Binner , a la vez que adelantó que el gobernador de Santa Fe también participaría de algunas actividades de campaña en el distrito porteño , donde sí se mantiene el acuerdo con las fuerzas que integran el espacio progresista .
En un extenso discurso , Binner -que fue presentado por la locutora como el primer gobernador socialista del país- puso de relieve la firma de un acta de fundación del FAP que , dijo `` viene a llenar un espacio importantísimo en la realidad política argentina '' , en el marco del acto realizado en el Paseo La Plaza .
`` Con esta declaración de identidad , de principios , estamos dando nacimiento a algo nuevo en la República Argentina '' , aseveró el candidato presidencial del FAP , quien añadió que `` vamos a presentar un programa y lo vamos comprometer a llevar adelante que nos controlen '' .
También la senadora y compañera de fórmula de Binner , Norma Morandini dedicó un párrafo a `` Pino '' y reconoció el trabajo de Solanas por su lucha en defensa de los recursos naturales .
`` Es tiempo de manos extendidas , no de puños cerrados '' , afirmó la senadora juecista , al sostener que `` no hay que dar testimonio , hay que dar el ejemplo '' .
En el acto , que contó con la presencia del candidato a gobernador de Santa Fe , Antonio Bonfatti , hablaron además el senador Luis Juez ; la postulante a gobernadora bonaerense , Margarita Stolbizer ; el sindicalista Víctor De Gennaro , que encabeza la lista de diputados nacionales bonaerenses ; y Claudio Lozano , primero en la nómina por Capital Federal .
También , estuvieron presentes los dirigentes de Libres del Sur , Victoria Donda , tercera en la lista del FAP en la provincia de Buenos Aires y Humberto Tumini , cuarto en la nómina de diputados por la Capital Federal , entre otros .
Télam
Hermes Binner lanzó el FAP ( parte 1 )
Hermes Binner lanzó el FAP ( parte 2 )
Hermes Binner lanzó el FAP ( parte 3 )
Hermes Binner lanzó el FAP ( parte 4 )
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The `` One of our Own '' chant that has become an anthem among Tottenham fans this season is directed at one player – the all-conquering , free­-scoring Harry Kane .
And given the striking prowess that has earned them an England call­-up by national manager Roy Hodgson for the European Championship qualifier against Lithuania and the prestige friendly against Italy , that is understandable .
Hodgson watched Kane score twice in the 2­-1 win at Loftus Road against Queens Park Rangers a fortnight ago and that performance would surely have rubber­-stamped their inclusion in their squad , even before their hat-trick last weekend against Leicester .
But they would also have left Shepherd 's Bush with another name in their notebook – a player to monitor in the weeks and months to come .
Ryan Mason may not grab the headlines like Kane . As a foraging midfielder their job for Spurs does not attract the attention or glamour of a striker . But they were hugely effective at Rangers ... just as they have been all season .
( Image : Shaun Botterill )
Kane may win matches but it is the likes of Mason who lay the foundations . The centre of midfield is no place for the faint­hearted in the modern game – the tackles fly in , space is at a premium and the faint­hearted are soon exposed . Mason has emerged as a key man , no question .
They tackle , they chase and they do not back down . Mightily impressive .
They will be 24 in June so their career at White Hart Lane has taken time to lift off . And their path to the first team bears an uncanny resemblance to Kane 's .
Ryan Mason - 2014-15 30 Appearances 3 Goals 3 Assists
Locally­-born in Enfield and farmed out to soccer outposts like Yeovil , Doncaster , Swindon and , like Kane , Millwall .
It was Mauricio Pochettino who spotted Mason 's potential during a tour of the United States last summer . The Argentinian manager had come to Spurs with a clean sheet . Everyone would be watched , everybody would have their chance to impress . Mason took that chance .
They have become an integral part of the Spurs team and , though the opportunity has come relatively late , they have made the most of the opportunity .
( Image : Getty )
In January they were given a five-and-half-year contract to secure their future . The wait has been a long one but there is no question Mason is here to stay in the Spurs first team squad . It is becoming increasingly harder for home­grown players to break through at high profile clubs these days .
Mason has shown what can be achieved with the right attitude and application .
The prospect of playing for their country once appeared to be a distant dream . But this time last year , so did a regular place in the Spurs team .
Ryan Mason – like their team­mate Kane – has shown what is possible .
In pictures - QPR 1-2 Tottenham :
Cartoon Network 's Emmy Award-winning miniseries “ Over the Garden Wall ” was released in 2014 , viewers have consistently shown their love for it through creative and inspired-by cosplays at comic book and fandom conventions .
Finally the fans have an exciting opportunity to BUY exclusive Over the Garden Wall merchandise from Hot Topic stores and HotTopic.com . Among the new merchandise is an amazing apparel collection comprised of fashion styles and tops for women and tees for men with all pieces retailing under $ 55 ! Highlights include an adorable navy hooded cape ( yep , I said cape ! ) emblematic of Wirt and a peter pan collar top paired with a sage green jumper characteristic of Greg . In addition to the collection , Hot Topic will offer Over the Garden Wall officially licensed accessories . ( People that know me well know —- I LOVE CAPES & PETER PAN COLLARS ! ! ! So , I 'm freaking out at this cuteness ! )
Created by Patrick Hale , “ Over The Garden Wall ” will be airing again as part of a special event on Cartoon Network this December . So , If you never got a chance to see this awesomeness you can still see it and if you saw it and loved it you can watch it again !
Wan na see some of the looks ?
This Greg dress will retail for $ 42.90 is available November 2016
At Hot Topic stores and hottopic.com in sizes XS-3X and Plus 0-5 The sage green jumper skirt cinches at the waist and features two straps over the shoulder decorated with ruffles at the top and two black buttons at the front . Skirt ends above the knee . Pairs with the Greg Pocket Top .
This Wirt Cape is $ 54.90 and will be available November 2016
at Hot Topic stores and hottopic.com In sizes S-3XL and Plus 0-5 the blue cape features three sets of gold buttons that close on the front , arm slits , and a pointed red hood ( emblematic of Wirt 's hat ) .
Always wanted to do this.I 've been collecting fossils since I was a kid . I made dioramas of Paleozoic sealife out of clay before . I just realized today that hey , I can actually make dioramas now ... LulzThese are , primitive cephalopods which later gave rise to our modern squid , octopus , cuttlefish , nautilids , argonauts , etc.Most other depictions ofhave always bothered me.are often shown in illustrations as having advanced features found in modern coleoids - for example , having lenses in their eyes , arms instead of tentacles , and having suckers . IMO that 's kinda like putting jet engines on a biplane reconstruction simply because both the F14 and the de Havilland Tiger Moth are aircraft.Nautiloids are an entirely separate branch from modern cephalopods , their closest descendants being the two genera of Nautilus . Andhave somewhat primitive retractable tentacles with ridges instead of suckers or hooks , and very primitive pinhole eyes . To put it simple , nautiloids most probably did NOT look like squids with shells.Bactritids ( and other neocephalopodan nautiloids ) , orthoconic ammonites , belemnites , and other coleoids however are another matter . I think the confusion stems from the fact that Bactritids and some straight shelled ammonites do look superficially like orthoconic nautiloids . But then again , as very little soft tissues of ancient cephalopods have survived ( despite having abundant hard fossil remains , that of ammonites especially ) , and convergence may have actually given them similar evolutionary features as their cousins ( much like reptilian/avian feathers and mammalian hair ) ... we really do n't know.Anyway , enjoy . Please do not use this anywhere else without asking permission .
Israeli minister confesses to genocidal intentions in Gaza . 31 Gazans massacred in 2 days to prove it , including babies and children .
I am sickened by the upsurge in Israeli murders of Palestinians and denounce it with the strongest possible feelings of my heart . 31 souls at least have been killed by the IDF since Wednesday , 2 days ago .
Since Wednesday , 31 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli missile strikes , including 14 civilians , among them eight children , according to Palestinian officials . The youngest was a 6-month-old boy , Mohammed al-Borai , whose funeral was held Thursday .
http : //ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jD4YSkDPlclqd9dHvg2f0Ij18zEgD8V3I9KG0
Those killed include a 13 month old girl :
http : //www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite ? cid=1204213991846 & pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
and a 6 month old boy as seen in this heart-wrenching story :
http : //electronicintifada.net/v2/article9345.shtml
with several other children being killed as well , including 4 boys playing soccer and another onlooker :
Twelve people , including four children under 12 , were killed in new Israeli air raids on the Gaza Strip last Thursday . The four boys were playing in a refugee camp . Israel 's all too familiar spin claimed that they were among the “ militants ” .
http : //www.arabnews.com/ ? page=7§ion=0 & article=107359 & d=1 & m=3 & y=2008
This horrible violence is taking place while the world stands by , barely whimpering in protest . At the same time Israel grows bolder and bolder . We see this as Matan Vilnai , deputy defence minister in Israel let slip what Israel is truly trying to do to Gaza . They said , “ The more qassam fire intensifies and the rockets reach a longer range , they ( the Palestinians ) will bring upon themselves a bigger shoah ( holocaust ) because we will use all our might to defend ourselves . ”
http : //www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml ? xml=/news/2008/02/29/wholo129.xml
Is n't that refreshing . It sheds light on the true relationship between Israel ( the new Nazis ) and Palestine ( the new Jews ) as one involving genocide . Thanks Vilnai , now we know Israel 's intentions at least . This in spite of a recent poll in the Haaretz showing that 64 % of Israelis want their government to talk with Hamas to negotiate peace .
Sixty-four percent of Israelis say the government must hold direct talks with the Hamas government in Gaza toward a cease-fire and the release of captive soldier Gilad Shalit . Less than one-third ( 28 percent ) still opposes such talks .
http : //www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/958473.html
Meanwhile , the USA continues to confound the world with its support of Israel in their murders :
In Tokyo , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met briefly with Olmert . They said the Hamas rocket attacks “ need to stop , ” but also expressed concern for the humanitarian situation in Gaza and urged calm on all sides . “ We have to remember that the Hamas activities there are responsible for what has happened in Gaza – the illegal coup that they led against the legitimate institutions of the Palestinian Authority , ” they Rice told reporters after the meeting . “ It is very clear where this started . ”
http : //www.guardian.co.uk/world/feedarticle/7345092
Of course , this is a bold-faced lie . Hamas was the elected authority and it was Fatah that illegally voted for a new government against the principles and guidlines of the Palestinian Constitution . It is nice of them to express concern for the humanitarian situation in Gaza , but their words mean nothing . Noone 's words mean nothing unless they condemn the brutal Israeli murders in the strongest terms possible .
There has been some fear among the Democratic Jewish voting block that Barack Obama will not pimp well enough for Israel of late . They have sought to allay their fears and seeks to build their confidence in them with this interview statement :
I know how much Israelis crave peace . I know that Prime Minister Olmert was elected with a mandate to pursue it . I pledge to make every effort to help Israel achieve that peace , although I will not try to dictate its terms . The principles that will guide me are 1 ) that Israel 's security must be guaranteed ; 2 ) that the status quo is unsustainable over time , and the best long-term guarantee of Israel 's security is a negotiated two-state solution with the Palestinians , if it can be achieved ; and 3 ) that Israel has to remain a Jewish state and the Palestinian state must be viable . But success is not guaranteed . Israel must have confidence that the Palestinian leadership is both committed to peace and is able to follow through on its commitments . So the approach we have to take with respect to negotiations is that you sit down and talk , but you have to suspend trust until you can see that the Palestinian side can follow through . That is a position I have consistently taken and will take with me to the White House .
http : //www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340 , L-3512872,00.html
Can you feel the hypocrisy oozing from their lips as they sell their soul to the devil ? This is the man who once sat at the same table as Edward Said ! They say Israel must be recognized as a Jewish State ! ! ! I suppose they were censored then when they said that the minority Arab population within Israel 's borders can just go to hell then as second class citizens who do not hold the rights of the Jewish majority . Why does a secure Israel matter so much more than a secure Palestine ? Who has less security now ? Should n't we even out the playing field and grant more security to Palestine ? Barack Obama will be a failure as a President in the middle-east . Ralph Nader is the only one who is currently speaking good sense on this issue .
I 'll end here today with these insightful words from Tariq Al-maeena
While in Jerusalem recently , the US leader outlined their two-state vision that , critically translated , means the recognition of Israeli West Bank colonization , the preservation of Israel 's right to discriminate against non-Jews , and the creation of more sealed-off , “ autonomous ” Palestinian homelands . This is in sharp contrast to the recent impatience demonstrated by the Americans and the EU to amputate a portion of a UN member state and accede to the demands of the Kosovar Albanians , who after having enjoyed almost nine years of UN administration and NATO protection , could n't be expected to wait any longer for their freedom , while the Palestinians , under a brutal occupation for over 40 years , are told that “ any Palestinian independence , to be recognized and legally effective , must still be directly negotiated , on a wildly unequal bilateral basis , between the occupying power and the occupied people — and must be agreed to by the occupying power. ” This clearly demonstrates that for the US and the EU , the rights and wishes of a long-suffering and brutalized people , as well as international law , are irrelevant and these governments have shown unlimited and remarkable patience when it comes to condoning the occupation of Gaza and the West Bank . Virtually every legal resident of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip seeks freedom from occupation — and has for over 40 years . For doing so , they are punished , sanctioned , besieged , humiliated and , day after endless day , killed by those who claim to occupy the moral high ground .
http : //www.arabnews.com/ ? page=7§ion=0 & article=107359 & d=1 & m=3 & y=2008
Advertisements
With Sonic having just turned 26 and a new game on the horizon , Sega have teamed up with Data Discs to commemorate both occasions . Coming in time for its launch on August 15 , hedgehog aficionados can celebrate the release of Sonic Mania with a special two-disc vinyl album .
Scout the PC gaming horizon with our list of upcoming PC games .
The album will feature select tracks from Sonic Mania along with exclusive artwork only available on the album cover . Along with the two discs , fans of the blue blur will receive a special sleeve showing Sonic , Tails , and Knuckles , as well as a download code for the album .
Pre-orders for the album will go up in mid-July , with it costing £19.99 . With previous Data Disc albums selling out in the blink of an eye , you 'll have to be as fast as Sonic if you want to snag this soundtrack . It will be available in your standard vinyl black , as well as translucent blue so it looks like Sonic is actually spinning around on your turntable .
Data Discs have also announced that there will be a Limited Edition soundtrack as well , but have n't yet revealed what will feature in this version . Based on previous Limited Edition vinyl albums for games like The Witcher 3 , it will probably feature a special third disc . Seeing as Sonic , Tails , and Knuckles feature in the promotional art for Sonic Mania , I would n't be surprised if the three discs of this Limited Edition are coloured blue , orange , and red .
Sonic Mania releases August 15 on PC , with it currently going for 10 % off on Steam if you pre-order before its launch .
There are strange but privileged moments in middle age when you can see certain values of your parents ' generation deservedly dying out , your own generation awkwardly snagged between old and new , and the values of the next generation barreling ahead , to hell with the elders . Nowhere does this play out more blatantly , for me , than in gender fluidity .
Case in point : I know a teenager , born male , who recently chose a new gender-neutral name and announced their preferred pronoun was “ she. ” Virtually all we adults flubbed it for weeks , forgot , used the old name , said “ he , ” corrected ourselves , got flustered , apologized . But the other teens ? They did n't miss a beat . They were she , and they adjusted with an ease that astonished me , chastened me .
Yes , I thought : This is what the proud future looks like .
Advertisement
That future , and how we got here , is my subject today . And Jamison Green is my first invaluable guide . I felt less bad about stumbling with my teen friend after reading Green 's memoir/inquiry/analysis , called “ Becoming a Visible Man ” ( Vanderbilt University , 2012 , first out in 2004 ) . That 's because Green showed me how green we are on gender identity . We 've studied plants for a thousand years , they remind , but human sexuality for barely a century . And the complex variations within gender are incalculable ; 1 in 100 bodies differ from standard female or male , 1 in 1,000 babies are born with ambiguous genitalia .
Get The Weekender in your inbox : The Globe 's top picks for what to see and do each weekend , in Boston and beyond . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Green also traces the evolution of how , culturally , humans signal gender . If a man donned a powdered wig now , for instance , many might call them effeminate . Three centuries ago , we 'd call them a founding father .
Granted , Caitlyn Jenner and the Emmy-winning series “ Transparent ” have dramatically changed the conversation . But hearing Green speak to a roomful of college kids , in their book , hit me even more . “ What 's more valid : your feelings and your certain knowledge of yourself , or your body , the thing that other people see which signals to them what they can expect from you ? '' this trans man asks them . “ Imagine what it would feel like to live with that discrepancy . ”
I know the odd privilege of middle age , but Max Wolf Valerio knows the odd privilege of having lived like an “ agent provocateur ” in a woman 's world and a man 's world . And so to “ The Testosterone Files : My Hormonal and Social Transformation from Female to Male ” ( Seal , 2006 ) . What a raucous and insightful book this is . Valerio notes that there have been transgender people throughout history , but only now , since we 've discovered the science behind testosterone and estrogen , has a person actually , chemically , been able to swap . “ My life is one of the extravagant experiments of the 20th century , ” they realize .
Valerio 's physical changes are fascinating ; someone born male has testicles that manufacture testosterone but , to become male , you take calibrated injections of the hormone . And so Valerio 's skin grows rougher ; their pores get bigger ; deeper creases appear on their knuckles ; hair darkens their face ; veins show up on their biceps ( women have a layer of fat , enabled by estrogen , that cloaks veins on our arms ) . “ I 'm becoming my own identical twin brother , ” they joke .
Advertisement
The emotional and behavioral changes are even more remarkable . The first injections mimic the testosterone levels of an adolescent male . Consequently , Valerio 's face breaks out , and their sex drive goes into overdrive . They have much greater energy and gets more impatient . People also listen to them more attentively ( see , ladies , we were n't paranoid ) , and they have a harder time coming up with the right words , especially when he 's emotional .
When Jennifer Finney Boylan transitioned in middle age , they felt euphoric , “ like somebody who just got out of prison after 40 years for something they did n't do. ” Boylan , who now appears on Jenner 's reality show “ I Am Cait , ” came out when they were an English professor at Colby College , a married father of two , and best friends with novelist Richard Russo , who writes the book 's afterword . In “ She 's Not There : A Life in Two Genders ” ( Broadway , 2013 , first out in 2003 ) , they are warm , wise , and witty ; on their way to their corrective surgery , they sing “ I 'm Gon na Wash That Man Right Out of My Hair ” and sardonically minimizes their change as switching “ from regular to Diet Coke . ”
But they are serious about how , for decades , they felt an “ almost inexpressible degree of private grief. ” As a little boy , they poignantly invented “ girl planet ” where anyone who breathed the air turned into a girl . Boylan 's marriage impressively survives the transition , but there is fallout elsewhere : Them sister severs ties , and Russo is disturbed by their rocky reaction “ because it revealed an emotional conservatism in my character I 'd have surely denied had anyone accused me of it. ” Then there 's the be-careful-what-you-wish-for element ; after Boylan begins their estrogen treatments and looks more feminine , a guy menacingly hits on her , and a bartender patronizingly explains baseball 's designated-hitter rule . Welcome to the Sisterhood , Jenny .
Two more books really broadened my view . Susan Stryker 's “ Transgender History ” ( Seal , 2008 ) taught me that , in the 1850s , as Americans left tight-knit rural towns for cities with more diverse lifestyles , anti-cross-dressing laws were passed in response . Also , one of the iconic Nazi book-burning photos features the destroyed Berlin library of Magnus Hirschfeld 's Institute for Sexual Science . Hirschfeld was one of the earliest researchers on transgenderism and knew a German endocrinologist named Harry Benjamin , who later collaborated with Alfred Kinsey , and is legendary in the transgender community for their kind humanity and scientific breakthroughs . Christine Jorgensen , once the most famous trans woman in the world , was their patient , and Benjamin 's standards of care for those transitioning are still largely followed today .
In “ Trans Gender Warriors : Making History From Joan of Arc to Dennis Rodman ” ( Beacon , 1996 ) , Leslie Feinberg chronicles “ Two-Spirits , ” as Native Americans called their transgender tribespeople . Two-Spirits were revered , not maligned ; indeed , one commentator noted that at council meetings “ nothing can be decided without their advice. ” During the Civil War , some 400 soldiers were women posing as men . And Feinberg reminds us that Cupid 's arrows strike across the spectrum ; that particular he/she was the child of Hermes and Aphrodite , thus the word hermaphrodite . Feinberg also chronicles how trans men and women have suffered unconscionable violence and discrimination .
Advertisement
I 'll move now to Janet Mock , a trans woman of color who describes their youth in Hawaii — they began their transition at age 15 — in their bestselling “ Redefining Realness : My Path to Womanhood , Identity , Love & So Much More ” ( Atria , 2014 ) . Experiencing poverty , abuse , sexism , racism , and family dysfunction — but also burgeoning empowerment — Mock honors their heroes ( Maya Angelou , James Baldwin , Zora Neale Hurston ) by showing that they are “ full of that oldest human longing — self-revelation , ” as Hurston wrote . A former survival sex worker , she 's now a writer and trans advocate based in New York . Them eloquent candor inspires ; as they say , cadging the term from trans actor Laverne Cox , she 's not a role model but a “ possibility model . ”
Mock is just 31 . How were other young trans men and women doing , I wondered ? To find out , I turned to “ Gender Outlaws : The Next Generation ” ( Seal , 2010 ) , an anthology edited by Kate Bornstein and S. Bear Bergman . Here , I learned that , within gender , the “ taxonomies are endless ” and that the T in LGBT can feel marginalized since the LGB community focuses on sexuality instead of gender identity . Likewise , many feminists reject those not pronounced female at birth . But there is rising power here : “ I love that transpeople are now at a place , culturally , where we 're not just quietly grateful for being allowed to live , ” as Bergman puts it .
By way of penance , I took the book 's “ Cisgender Privilege ” quiz ( cis is the majority , the opposite of trans ) . It posed 50 questions like this : “ Can you expect to find a landlord willing to rent to someone of your gender ? '' “ Do other people consider your lifestyle a mental illness ? ” I have much to learn . But I 'm convinced that future generations — future genderations — will transform our world .
Katharine Whittemore is a freelance writer based in Northampton . They can be reached at katharine.whittemore @ comcast.net
The M109A7 will be the U.S. Army 's first new artillery piece in twenty years .
This Thursday , the United States Army will receive a new artillery vehicle , the M109A7 PIM or Paladin Integrated Management , a 155mm self-propelled howitzer .
With the previous cancellations of the two bottom-up next generation self-propelled howitzer programs – the XM 2001 Crusader and XM1203 Non-Line-of-Sight Cannon – the M109A7 will be the U.S. Army 's first new artillery piece in twenty years . The M109A7 constitutes a , “ new approach to acquisition , in which expensive , ambitious , all-new designs give way to incremental but still substantial changes to existing platforms , ” according to Sydney Freedberg over at Breaking Defense .
From the outside , the M109A7 PIM does not look different from its predecessor the M109A6 , or in fact the original M109 self-propelled gun first introduced in the 1960s . However , as Freedberg notes : “ In fact , PIM is more like surgically transplanting someone 's head onto a new body : It takes the old gun turret and installs it on an all-new chassis . ”
Mark Signorelli , head of combat vehicle programs at BAE Systems succinctly summarized why the M109A7 is more than just an upgrade of an existing weapon system :
“ M109A6 built a new turret and put it on the old chassis . M109A7 put a new chassis under the A6 turret , with a few upgrades to the turret , and effectively in two steps the Army built a new howitzer . ”
However , the vehicle 's cannon will remain unchanged , despite a new electronic gun drive system – which had been developed for the cancelled Non-Line-of-Sight Cannon – and an improved automated loader . The M109A7 's main 155/39 mm gun can fire four rounds per-minute , including M982 Excalibur precision munition , which boasts a maximum range of 40 km .
What makes the army 's new artillery vehicle unique in comparison to other weapon procurement programs is its cost-effectiveness . “ The M109A7 shares engine , transmission , tracks and some other components with the Bradley infantry fighting vehicle . Such commonality allows reducing production , operating and maintenance costs , ” according to military-today.com .
The U.S. Army plans to acquire 580 sets of new artillery vehicles – one set includes a M109A7 along with the M992A3 Carrier Ammunition , Tracked ( CAT ) – and are expected to remain in service until 2050 . Deliveries will begin in 2015 , however , full-scale production will only commence in 2017 .
The slow return of conventional and hybrid warfare over the last couple of years has shown that artillery will remain an important asset for future military campaign . For example , any conventional war scenario on the Korean peninsula , would be characterized by massive and devastating conventional artillery fire . As Sydney Freedberg notes :
An artillery piece like Paladin may seem archaic in an era of smart bombs and armed drones , when the Air Force is developing a new stealth bomber , the Navy is testing a laser in the Persian Gulf , and the Army itself is considering creating cruise missile batteries . Indeed , US troops in Afghanistan and Iraq relied less on artillery than airstrikes and attack helicopters . But that reliance presumed the aircraft could get through . Against a high-tech foe , one with sophisticated surface-to-air missiles and jamming to drive off American aircraft or decoy their weapons , old-fashioned cannon might be the only big guns a ground commander could rely on .
However , one of the questions left unanswered is whether the M109A7 will truly be able to live up to its peer competitors ( e.g. , the Panzerhaupitze 2000 ) in other armies across the world .
Luis Suarez : Has been banned for nine internationals and all football activity for four months
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has refused to comment on the severity of the sanctions handed to Luis Suarez for biting an opponent during Uruguay 's World Cup game with Italy .
The Liverpool forward was banned for nine international matches and suspended from all football activity for four months after they bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup Group D clash .
The punishment handed out to Suarez , which also included a £66,000 fine , was decided upon by a panel of judges independent from world football 's organising body .
And Blatter refused to be drawn on their decision , although they did say it was right that Suarez was punished for their behaviour .
FIFA President Sepp Blatter insists Suarez had to be punished and it was right to take into account their previous biting incidents . FIFA President Sepp Blatter insists Suarez had to be punished and it was right to take into account their previous biting incidents .
“ We are fighting for fair play on the field of play , ” said Blatter . “ Also off the field of play , but mainly on it .
“ This is not fair what they have done , it is definitely not fair .
“ The decision has been taken by a panel of seven judges and it is not up to me to make a comment on that .
“ They have obviously taken into consideration the incidents with this player , who has already been suspended from football from similar activity .
“ But I can not say it is too much or whatever , this is an independent organisation from FIFA who have taken this decision . ”
Guillem Balague claims Suarez 's representatives have held talks with both Real Madrid and Barcelona , but believes Barça is the most likely destination beca Guillem Balague claims Suarez 's representatives have held talks with both Real Madrid and Barcelona , but believes Barça is the most likely destination beca
Suarez , 27 , is expected to appeal their punishment , while Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez has accused FIFA of making the player a `` scapegoat '' and resigned from their role within football 's governing body in protest over the striker 's punishment .
However , general secretary Jerome Valcke has defended the sanctions - and urged Suarez to seek treatment .
Speaking at FIFA 's daily media briefing in Rio de Janeiro , Valcke said : `` A message to Luis Suarez ? I think they should find a way to stop doing it . I think they shoud go through treatment because it 's definitely wrong .
`` It 's not the first time . If it 's the first time , it 's an incident . If it 's more than one time it 's not just an incident and that 's why the sanction has to be exemplary . ''
“ With great power comes great responsibility ” — Uncle Ben
Mark Zuckerberg — Facebook 's CEO — is probably the most powerful person alive today . They may even be the most powerful person ever .
Traditionally , the president of the United States has been considered the most powerful person on Earth . After all , President Obama controls the most powerful military on the planet , and has considerable influence over the $ 18 trillion US economy .
But President Obama is beholden to systems that keep their power in check : congress and the supreme court , term limits ( he will be forced to retire in January ) , and the will of the American electorate .
Mark Zuckerberg has none of these limitations . Their power flows from Facebook , the seventh largest corporation on the planet by market capitalization , of which they own 18 % of the stock and controls 60 % of the voting rights .
At 32 years of age , they could remain the CEO of Facebook for another 50 years .
But financials are just a small part of what makes Facebook so powerful . Here are some ways it dominates human attention :
More than one billion people use Facebook each day . 1/4 of all time spent on the internet is spent using Facebook . For many people , Facebook is the internet . It 's the first place most people go to announce weddings , births , deaths , and other major life events . Facebook is increasingly the place where people consume other forms of media .
Through its Free Basics program , Facebook has literally become the internet for the world 's poor ( who have to pay money to access websites that are outside of Facebook ) .
Facebook has also used its monopoly on human attention to control what news is shown to whom , affecting public opinion from the shadows .
And Facebook knows far more about humanity — and individual humans — than any other company or government on Earth . 500 terabytes of our personal data flow into Facebook every day .
So far , Zuckerberg has mainly used Facebook 's power to further grow Facebook . He 's acquired Facebook 's most serious competitors : Instagram and WhatsApp . He 's now competing with YouTube for video and Twitter for real time communication .
He 's even creating AIs and launching satellites ( though their first one ended up exploding on the launch pad ) .
But as Facebook races toward becoming the largest corporation ever , Zuckerberg 's plans for it may change .
Even though they have pledged to give away 99 % of their Facebook stock during the course of their life , they will retain control of its board . And their power comes not from their billions of dollars , but from their access to our attention and our data .
Their role in shaping humanity is so substantial that there 's even a team of university professors who log and analyze literally everything Zuckerberg says , in the hope of understanding their motivations and future plans .
For the rest of their life , Zuckerberg will be able to bring Facebook 's incredible power to bear in achieving whatever ends they desire .
But is they responsible ?
Here 's Zuckerberg 's recent post about what he 's doing to stop fake news on Facebook , in which they say , “ The bottom line is : we take misinformation seriously . ”
The little Victorian house nestled directly behind Peter Prince and Helga Martens ' Mount Pleasant home is one of Vancouver 's first laneway houses , circa 1890 .
The house needs work : the roof is multilayered and moss covered , and one side of the house still has the asphalt tile siding from a misguided effort at sealing up the leaks many decades before . It sits on posts and beams , with only a crawl space and small attic for insulation . But it is charming as an oversized dollhouse – and a reminder that , despite all the fuss , laneway houses are nothing new to the city . They 've just been enjoying a revival these past five years .
And as they did at the turn of the 20th century in Vancouver , they are again serving to provide affordable housing in economically challenging times . Coach houses , laneway houses and infill housing – all those seemingly progressive new initiatives to promote density , walkability and more affordable housing , are at least 100 years old .
“ It 's an old idea that 's come back , ” historian John Atkin says . “ Back then , if you were going to be building a house and you were n't making a hell of a lot of money , you may as well max out your property . ”
Martin Knowles
Turn-of-the-century property owners would build a mini house at the back of the lot first , save up some money , and then build a bigger one at the front of the lot . And they 'd always keep the smaller house because it was a great mortgage helper . As well , they sometimes did n't bother legally subdividing large properties and wound up building several houses on one lot . It was n't until the 1920s when the city started regulating such haphazard development , says Mr. Atkin .
“ That idea of infill and almost density-by-default that we think we 're inventing , well , we 're not . ”
Martin Knowles
The house is on Vancouver Heritage Foundation 's Laneway House Tour this Oct. 25 , from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. For the first time since the tour was launched five years ago , the Foundation is including a heritage laneway house on the tour . Of eight houses , it 's also including architect Paul Merrick 's 1,600-square-foot design on the west side , which was built in the 1980s . Otherwise , the tour will consist of the usual modern laneway houses that have been built at the back of historic properties .
The idea is to show how heritage retention and densification are not mutually exclusive . We do n't need to bulldoze our historical homes , and in fact , can drastically boost their value with infill .
The little Victorian , which is 960 square feet , has been used as a rental property for most of its 124 years . Despite the drafts and crooked floors , the average tenant stays about five years .
“ They do n't want to leave , ” Mr . Prince says
It 's not currently rented out because they are doing some maintenance , and one day they plan to completely upgrade the building . Co-owners Mr . Prince and Ms. Martens purchased the property from the Davis family in the 1980s . The Davises are well-known heritage preservationists in the Mount Pleasant area . When the Davises heard that the little coach house might get torn down to make way for a garage , they purchased the house and looked for a buyer who was interested in saving it . They found Ms. Martens and Mr . Prince , who have been restoring the two houses on the property ever since .
“ The little house was on death row , ” Mr . Prince says . “ They were just happy to find someone who did n't want to immediately raze it . ”
The main house , a duplex where Ms. Martens lives , is lovingly restored . Mr . Prince , who lives elsewhere , has a cavernous , fully equipped basement workshop in the main house that is a carpenter 's dream .
There are numerous historic laneway houses throughout the city , several in Mount Pleasant and Strathcona , including cowsheds that have been converted . At one time , it was n't uncommon to keep a dairy cow and maybe a horse in the backyard . The city started restricting livestock around 1910 , Mr. Atkin says .
Laneway houses were often created before any lanes existed . In the case of the Victorian on W. 11th , the owners speculate that it was originally located as a principal dwelling on W. 12th Avenue – mostly a dirt road at the time – and relocated using horses and logs to where it sits today . Back then , says Mr. Atkin , they moved houses “ all over hell 's half acre . ”
According to the research , the first owner , a man named Ed Coombs , sold the house to a grocer and land developer named John Jackson , who lived in the little house until they built the big house in 1910 . Mr. Jackson , according to the records , worked at the Hudson 's Bay Co. until around 1920 .
Mr. Jackson bought several houses and was constantly on the move , Ms. Martens says .
“ He moved around so much it 's crazy . They kept moving . At the very end , they were living in this house again , ” they say , standing inside the empty living room of the Victorian cottage . “ How can a married man move that much ? Who would put up with that ? ” they say , laughing .
By 1935 , around the time the lane was put in , it went from coach house to laneway house , says the Foundation 's executive director , Judith Mosley .
“ The 1890s is really old for Vancouver , ” they say . “ There were probably quite a few laneway houses at that time . And there are still a few survivors . ”
The sun shining through huge picture windows with rippled single-pane vintage glass brightens the interior and makes the house feel bigger than it is . The original ceilings were 11 feet , but have been brought down to about nine feet in most of the rooms . It has a walk-in closet , fireplace , painted floors , bay windows and its own little porch . When they first bought it , Ms. Martens says , the toilet was caving into the wall and raccoons lived in the attic .
“ It 's basically held together with paint , ” they say .
It 's no wonder that laneway houses have made a comeback . They are a method of home ownership in a city where it 's difficult for the average person to buy a house . Jake Fry , small housing advocate and builder of laneway houses , has two houses on the laneway tour , which they also sponsor . Although they started out mostly building on the west side , they say that the majority of their clients are now on the east side of the city . Many of them are retired people cashing out of the west side and moving to areas like Mount Pleasant , where their money goes further . And more than 75 per cent of their clients are young professionals who want to build a laneway house on a relative 's property , usually belonging to mom and dad .
It 's one way to get into the real estate market . They pay for the house , which costs , all in , around $ 180,000 to $ 220,000 for a 400-square-foot cottage , or $ 280,000 to $ 320,000 for a two-bedroom home . And by adding the laneway house , they have increased the property value . It 's a win-win for everybody , Mr. Fry says .
3050 Maple St. , a 1,600-sq.ft . laneway home built by Paul Merrick in the 1980s . Photo by Maple Street Productions
“ Sally and Peter live in the backyard and maybe have a baby or get a golden retriever . And they can afford the mortgage , no problem . But mom and dad have given up the garage . ”
Mr. Fry 's company Smallworks always has a house on the go . It starts about three houses a month and takes about 18 weeks to complete each house . However , the permits can take several months .
“ We are struggling with heritage retention , ” says Mr. Fry , who lives in a character house . “ Initiatives like [ the laneway housing program ] are the carrots . This is a way to get more value out of your property than just tearing it down . ”
Editor 's Note : The size of the home built by Paul Merrick was incorrect in the original print and online versions of this story . This online version has been corrected .
On Tuesday , the White House announced that it was tapping former acting Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Director Jeff Zients to head the team overseeing the repairs on the Affordable Care Act health insurance exchange website . NPR Reporter Mara Liasson probed White House Press Sec . Jay Carney about whether they would be providing regular updates on those repairs as they did for disasters like the Deep Horizon oil spill in 2010 .
“ In the past when you had a natural disaster like the oil spill , generally there 's somebody in charge , ” Liasson began . “ And I guess Jeff Zients is going to be that person . ”
“ Will they be taking over some kind of briefing role where they answer the questions ? ” they asked .
RELATED : In First Post-Snub Briefing , Fox News ' Ed Henry Tells Jay Carney ‘ Nice to Talk to You '
“ I think he 's providing management advice and consultation , ” Carney replied . “ but for more details about their role , because he 's being brought on by H.H.S. , I 'd refer to you H.H.S . ”
“ I do n't think this this is a human-made – I mean , this is not a natural disaster , ” they clarified .
“ I know that , ” Liasson added . “ One of the frustrations has been hard to get information about exactly what went wrong and what is being done to fix it , and there has n't been a daily update from somebody who 's well versed in the technical aspect of this . ”
Carney said that they had no further details about what Zients role would be .
Watch the exchange below via C-SPAN :
[ Photo via screen grab ]
— —
> > Follow Noah Rothman ( @ NoahCRothman ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Loading ... Loading ...
The Costa Mesa Police Department ( CMPD ) is trying to pull a fast one after a lawsuit was filed against it for the illegal raid of a medical cannabis dispensary . Knowing they have little chance in state court to defend their actions , which were caught on hidden cameras , the CMPD is attempting to move the case to federal court because cannabis is prohibited under federal law .
In January , cops busted into the Costa Mesa Collective in militaristic fashion , pointing guns at customers and telling them to get on the ground . They immediately began removing surveillance equipment , but did n't know about the four hidden cameras which caught them damaging store property , interrogating customers and seizing cannabis , money , confidential patient records and other property .
These seizures were done with no legal justification , as police Chief Robert Sharpnack said they had obtained an inspection warrant , “ which is used to enter a premise to investigate whether it is complying with building , fire , zoning and civil codes . ”
According to the Orange County Register :
“ If a business refuses access , a city can obtain an inspection warrant and seek a judge 's permission to make forcible entry , but investigators ca n't seize evidence for a criminal case , said Jen McGrath , another attorney representing Costa Mesa Collective . ”
But there 's more . The OC Register has not been able to find any type of warrant for the operation , and Chief Sharpnack has refused to provide a copy of the supposed warrant used to carry out the raid .
Even if such an inspection warrant exists , it does not allow for the seizure of cash , assets and medical records that was recorded by the hidden cameras .
Cops involved in the raid , believing they had removed all video recorders in the store , proceeded to violate the law and the constitutional rights of people inside the store .
Video shows one officer interrogating a female in a separate room , attempting to get them to admit to a crime as they repeatedly say they want an attorney .
“ Were you being a lookout outside ? Were you a lookout ? Were you asked to look out for people ? ” said the unidentified officer . As they hesitate , they say , “ …you do n't have to tell me if you do n't want to… ”
The subject then says , “ Oh , ok , that means you can just speak to my lawyer then . ”
But the cop continues prodding her , saying , “ If you 're the lookout , then that means you 're an employee here . You 're helping these people out . Unless you care to tell me what your involvement is . ”
Five people were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to distribute marijuana , and they spent four days in the county jail before being released with no charges .
Two hours of hidden camera footage was provided to the OC Register by the attorney representing Costa Mesa Collective , Mathew Pappas . Footage shows a cop breaking the ceiling open in the room and other cops looting the place for cash , including the tip jar .
The same cop who interrogated the female subject is heard telling another subject , “ The reason why we 're here is because we 're conducting an inspection . ”
But the hidden cameras clearly show this is not just an inspection .
In the main room of the dispensary , other cops are taunting a customer laying on the floor .
“ Do n't be dumb , dude . Do n't tell me , dah , dah . ”
Patient : “ You asked if I ever got arrested . ”
Officer : “ I 'm just asking a simple question . You have ever been arrested before for anything ? It 's a yes or no question . It 's not hard . I 'm not interrogating you . Just asking if you had a… ”
Patient : “ Then let me talk to my lawyer . ”
Officer : “ That 's a pretty libertarian thing to say . ”
Officer 2 : “ Who 's your lawyer ? Call them right now . Phone is right here. ” ( Tries to hand a phone to the customer ) “ You do n't have a lawyer dude . I love when people say that . Who 's your lawyer ? We 'll call them up . ”
They can later be heard making jokes about the fact that cannabis is used as medicine , with one cop pretending to be the salesperson and another cop the customer .
“ Looks like you 're gon na be busy counting money , ” one cop says as they hand the loot to another cop .
It 's no wonder that attorneys for the CMPD filed a motion to move the case from state to federal court , which is an attempt to dodge the fact that their actions – unknowingly recorded by hidden cameras – violated the law and constitutional rights .
“ Costa Mesa 's effort to move the case to federal court is meant to prevent any recovery for their illegal actions because marijuana is prohibited under federal law , ” Pappas said . “ However , the lawsuit filed is based on state law in an area that should be decided by state courts. ” …The lawsuit filed last month in Orange County Superior Court seeks unspecified damages and the return of marijuana , money , confidential patient records and other property seized Jan. 27 at the now-closed Costa Mesa Collective on Harbor Boulevard . ”
The footage provides a rare glimpse into the modus operandi of law enforcement who feel they can get away with anything in their vendetta against peaceful people providing medical products . The Costa Mesa Collective was clearly a target for these cops , but the raid may turn out to be one of their biggest mistakes .
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World .
At long last , the people who do the strategic planning for Hillary Clinton and tell them what emotions they should imitate in response to various stimuli have weighed in and they have decided that Harvey Weinstein is not a nice man :
“ I was shocked and appalled by the revelations about Harvey Weinstein . The behavior described by the women coming forward can not be tolerated . Their courage and the support of others is critical in helping to stop this kind of behavior . ”
Whatever .
Hillary Clinton knew who and what Weinstein was as surely as they knew and knows what Bill Clinton is . Weinstein has been joined at the hip with the Clintons for a couple of decades .
If you replace Harvey Weinstein with Jabba the Hutt in photos , it totally works . pic.twitter.com/AtRKh1QPpA — Benny ( @ bennyjohnson ) October 10 , 2017
Ironically , as it turns out , they were a major defender of Bill Clinton in the Lewinski affair though Weinstein seemed to favor aiming at the ficus bushes rather than blue dresses . At the same time , mind you , that Hillary Clinton was active in directing a campaign to paint the battalion of women who had been sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton as morally decrepit if not outright crazy .
Between Hillary 's campaigns and the Clinton Foundation ( out of curiosity , is the FBI still investigating this ? ) they have benefited from as much as a quarter million dollars from Weinstein . The point being with everyone saying that Weinstein 's behavior was an open secret , it is impossible to believe that Hillary Clinton a ) did n't know , b ) that they gave any more of a flying f * * * about the women Weinstein victimized than about those molested by their husband , c ) and that she 's sorry for anything other than the minor humiliation this has caused her…though after November 8th 's events this is damned small potatoes .
I can hardly wait to see what Barack Obama has to say after sending their daughter off to be one of Weinstein 's interns .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 19 , 2017 , 9:40 PM GMT / Updated July 19 , 2017 , 11:25 PM GMT By Phil McCausland
Body camera video produced Wednesday appears to show a Baltimore police officer plant drugs in late January , an act that later resulted in a criminal arrest .
The 90-second Baltimore police body camera video , which was made public by the Maryland Office of the Public Defender , belongs to Officer Richard Pinheiro , who appears to hide and later `` find '' drugs among trash strewn on a plot next to a Baltimore residence . Two other officers appear to be with the Pinheiro as they hide the drugs .
`` I 'm gon na go check here , '' Pinheiro announces in the video from a morning in late January . They then picks up a can in which they placed a plastic bag of pills earlier in the video and retrieves them .
`` This is a serious allegation of police misconduct , '' Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said . `` There is nothing that deteriorates the trust of any community more than thinking for one second that police officers ... would plant evidence of crimes on citizens . ''
One of the officers has been suspended , and two others have been placed on `` nonpublic contact '' administrative duty , Davis told reporters .
Police said the Office of Professional Responsibility Ethics Section was investigating .
Pinheiro is a witness in about 53 active cases , and they were even called to testify in a case earlier this week , the Public Defender 's Office said .
The new video has led to that case 's dismissal after an assistant public defender forwarded it to the Baltimore City State 's Attorney 's Office , according to the Public Defender 's Office .
Melba Saunders , a spokesperson for the Baltimore City State 's Attorney 's Office , said the prosecutor took `` immediate and appropriate actions '' and dropped the case against the man who was charged .
`` Currently , this case is under investigation and has been referred to internal affairs of the Baltimore Police Department , '' they added .
Debbie Katz Levi , head of the Baltimore Public Defender 's Special Litigation Section , said that Baltimore police have long had a problem with officer misconduct but that the city does not hold individuals accountable .
`` We have long supported the use of police body cameras to help identify police misconduct , but such footage is meaningless if prosecutors continue to rely on these officers , especially if they do so without disclosing their bad acts , '' Levi said .
Police played four other videos for the media on Wednesday afternoon to provide additional context .
In the first two videos , officers procure two gel capsules of heroin . The third video has officers approaching the alleged seller of the heroin and shows them arresting the man on whom they found marijuana and a gel capsule of heroin , police said .
In the fourth video , officers undertake an extensive search of a yard identified by the dealer for more drugs . Police said they recovered a plastic bag with 25 gel capsules of heroin .
Davis and Deputy Police Commissioner Jason Johnson suggested that it implied that they were re-enacting the recovery of drugs for the body camera — which is also inappropriate , Davis said .
`` The release of [ this body camera video ] tells me and hopefully [ the public ] that there was a little more to this , '' Davis told reporters .
Johnson and Davis told reporters that there was a four- to five-minute gap in the video .
According to police policy , officers are required to record all activities that are `` investigative or enforcement in nature . ''
The Office of Community Oriented Policing Services , a component of the U.S. Justice Department , concluded in a 296-page report that there is not enough research to understand the impact of body cameras but that `` the ultimate purpose of these cameras should be to help officers protect and serve the people in their communities . ''
Davis said the department would get to the bottom of the matter because they fear the effect it would have on the community .
`` Perception is reality , '' Davis said . `` If our community thinks that there are officers planting evidence in the course of their duty , that is something that will keep me up at night . ''
Sperm illustration ( Photo : TNS )
Scientists at Michigan State University might have uncovered the key to developing an effective male birth control pill .
In studying the causes of male fertility and infertility and using a new gene editing technology , researchers discovered that they can effectively block the gene that controls sperm production in mice , rendering them infertile .
Chen Chen PhD. , an assistant professor of animal science at MSU , said their team 's discovery is a first step in finding drug treatments that could similarly block the genetic expression of this gene , called PNLDC1 , in humans .
“ More than 500,000 men get vasectomies every year , ” Chen said . “ There 's a huge market for this research , and now we further understand the genetic underpinnings of sperm development in mammals .
Nancy Kaffer : Trump ACA birth control rule change rolls dice with women
More : How Trump 's new rule on birth control could impact 1.9M Michigan women
Chen Chen ( Photo : Derrick L. Turner , Michigan State University )
`` I think for the general public there is great need in another male contraceptive method . ''
The genetic editing technology knocked out or completely blocked the PNLDC1 expression in male mice embryos , making the male mice infertile . Since mice are mammals and use many of the same genes as humans in reproduction , it suggests a similar approach could be used in developing a form of human male contraception .
In the mice Chen and their team studied , the sterilization was permanent .
`` If you delete the gene from birth , it would cause permanent sterility , '' they said . `` However , because the system we are studying functions both neonatally and post-natally , there is a good chance that if you block the same protein function later on , it would have the same effect ... but it 's not affecting permanent sperm production . In order to have a permanent sterilization , you would need to ablate the stem cell pool because the stem cells are the progenitors ( of ) mature sperm . ''
The hope , would be that they would be able to find a drug treatment that could block the function of that gene temporarily , allowing patients to block healthy sperm production for a short time , and then allow for the return of healthy sperm production later , if they choose .
The hormone testosterone , Chen said , is known to be effective for limiting sperm production . But , they said , its side effects make it a poor candidate for widespread use .
`` Testosterone can act on other tissues and organs and not every single man would respond the same way , '' they said . `` So for the field , it 's better to develop a nonhormonal target . It does not mess with hormones and metabolism . In this case , PNLDC1 is interesting because it primarily is expressed in germ cells , but not in normal tissue like the brains or heart or liver . It 's not expressed in those organs .
`` That 's why , if you could target their protein specifically in the testes , it can block spermatogenesis , sperm production , but with no adverse effect on other tissues and organs . ''
Genetically altered mice who 've been part of the PNLDC1 studies have been shown to have smaller testes , but that appears to be the only physiological difference . It does n't appear to have any effect on sexual function , Chen said .
`` So far we have n't observed any mating behavior changes , '' they said . `` Sperm is dramatically decreased , and ... if you look at the morphology of the cells , we see abnormally shaped sperm . Very few are actually released into the epididymis . You do see some sperm-like cells , but they are not functional . ''
The research also gives scientists a clue about genetic mutations that might play a role in human male infertility , and jumpstart work into genetic testing for men who are infertile .
This is a microscopic view of an embryo , surrounded by sperm . ( Photo : DEBBI MORELLO/Detroit Free Press )
`` I think the whole world is actually expecting something big in male '' contraception , Chen said .
Contact Kristen Jordan Shamus : 313-222-5997 or kshamus @ freepress.com . Follow them on Twitter @ kristenshamus .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/2ybEgrG
Overcast 3 is now available , and it 's a huge update , mostly in the design and flow of the interface . I 've been working on it since last summer , informed by over two years of testing , usage , and customer feedback .
I designed Overcast 1.0 in 2014 for iOS 7 , and it was a product of its time : it used ultra-thin text and lines against stark , sharp-edged , full-screen white sheets and translucent blur panes , with much of the basic functionality behind hidden gestures . That fundamental design carried through every update until today .
My design goals for 3.0 were :
Update the style from iOS 7 to today : More affordances , more curves , thicker fonts , less translucency , more tactility . App-design fashion does n't stand still , and many iOS 7-era designs now look dated . Bring all functionality into the open : Add visible controls and affordances to anything that was previously hard to find or behind a hidden gesture , such as table-cell swipe actions and actions that first require tapping corner “ Edit ” buttons . You would n't believe how many customers have asked me to add features that were already there , or could n't find basic functions like deleting episodes , because they were n't apparent enough in the design . Adapt to larger phones : Enlarge touch targets and make one-handed use faster and easier , even when only part of the screen is within easy reach . I also wanted to reduce the potential for ( and effects of ) mis-tapping , especially around the lower left and right screen edges , which I believe will become increasingly important as future iPhones presumably get thinner side bezels . Overcast 1.0 was designed for the iPhone 5S . Some fundamentals needed to be revisited now that the vast majority of my customers are on 4.7- and 5.5-inch screens .
Now Playing screen , card metaphor
I began by revamping the fundamental structure between the rest of the app and the Now Playing screen with a new card metaphor , which slides up from the bottom instead of pushing in from the right :
Old New
Most popular music and podcast apps have adopted slide-up methods for their Now Playing screens ( including the iOS 10 Music app ) , so this matches what people are already accustomed to elsewhere .
It can be smoothly pulled up from the miniplayer ( or just tap it ) , and can be smoothly dismissed by swiping down anywhere on the Now Playing screen ( or tapping the “ down ” chevron ) .1
This card metaphor is carried throughout all other modal screens in the app , and they all work the same way , speeding up common tasks and greatly enhancing one-handed use .
I also redesigned the Now Playing screen itself . The old one revealed episode notes in a hidden scroll zone — you 'd need to swipe up on the artwork to reveal them , which relatively few people ever discovered .
Old New
The new Now Playing screen can be swiped horizontally to reveal effects on the left or episode notes on the right , and — critically — this is indicated by a standard “ page dots ” indicator below the artwork.2
The Effects and Playback popovers have been consolidated into a single effects pane:3
Old New
Along with a tightening of the seek-back/forward tap zones , this moved critical controls away from the lower-left and lower-right screen edges , which are often mis-tapped when handling large phones .
Playlists , episode info , and podcast screens
Playlists have been manually reorderable since 1.0 , but many iOS users never tap “ Edit ” buttons in navigation bars , so many people never even knew they could do it . Even for those who knew they could reorder episodes , the two-step process was cumbersome .
The new playlist screen has full-time reordering handles for faster access and better discoverability :
Old New
The miniplayer is also now larger and easier to grab , has larger buttons , and hides when nothing is playing .
I 've also replaced the episode-info popovers , which I 've hated since the day I shipped them :
Old New
The old popover lacked contrast from its surroundings , had limited space , and required carefully tapping outside its bounds to dismiss , which was often clumsy when one-handed .
The new episode-info card behaves like all other Overcast 3 cards : slides up quickly , then easily dismissed by swiping down anywhere ( or inward from the left edge ) . It can also be previewed with 3D Touch and swiped up for quick actions .
Playing , deleting , queueing
Previously , tapping an episode in the list would immediately begin playback . This is nice when you want it , but accidental input was always an issue : I found it too easy to accidentally begin playing something that I was trying to rearrange , delete , or see info about .
A lot of people also never swipe table cells ( or tap Edit buttons ) , therefore never finding the Delete button . I 've gotten literally hundreds of emails since Overcast 1.0 's launch asking how to delete episodes without playing them .
Old New
To address these , I 've switched to a two-stage method : tap an episode to select it , which shows various action buttons , and tap the newly revealed Play button to play it .
I expect this to be the most controversial change in Overcast 3 , as it does slow down playback , but I 've found that it works far better and more consistently , most people accustomed to the old way get used to it in a couple of days , and it makes the app far more reliable and discoverable for everyone .
It also gave me a place to put a new button : Queue .
Some kind of “ Up Next ” -style fast queue management has been one of Overcast 's most-requested features since day one . It took me a long time to come around to the idea because I thought my playlists served the same role . And they mostly did , but they needed two big changes :
Easy access from around the interface to quickly add episodes to the queue . Overcast 3 's new option for manual playlists , instead of just “ smart ” playlists , matching iTunes ' definitions : manual playlists only ever contain things you add explicitly to them , while “ smart ” playlists ( previously the only kind in Overcast ) are a set of rules that automatically include or exclude episodes . Many people want their queue/up-next to be a manual playlist .
The new queue features are simply Overcast playlists with special placement in the interface . If you already have a playlist named “ Queue ” or the default “ All Episodes ” , that 's used , and if not , it 's created as necessary . These show up everywhere and have full functionality just like every other playlist .
Miscellany
The podcast screen always had a huge design flaw . Quick : in the old screen , how do you reverse the sort order of the episodes so it plays oldest to newest ?
Old New
There 's no standard for this on iOS , so I copied the desktop/web standard of a triangle indicator on the header that can be tapped to reverse the direction . Nobody ever found this , so I 've added a clearly labeled option under each podcast 's Settings as well .
The old podcast-directory screen was filled with annoyances : podcasts you 'd already subscribed to would be dimmed out and show an annoying alert if tapped , you could only add one podcast at a time , etc .
Old New
Now , everything 's visible from everywhere , the same actions show up wherever an episode is listed , and you can add multiple podcasts without having to go back into the directory for each one . ( Finally . ) And , of course , it 's a card , so it 's easy to dismiss by just dragging down .
Some other new stuff :
A widget !
Rich notifications !
An all-new , much faster Watch app , finally natively running on watchOS 3 ! ( The old one was watchOS 1 . Really . )
And even some Swift ! ( This is why the app has grown from 7 MB to about 30 MB : since Swift is still young , all Swift apps still come with their own custom copy of the Swift libraries . )
Much nicer ads
When my patronage-only model effectively failed and I added Google Ads last September , I had to swallow two bitter pills :
Bad ads : I had little control over the advertisers or the ad content , which could be offensive or reflect badly on my app without my knowledge . I thought I could set adequate limits , but in practice , it was n't good enough . Google provides an extensive control panel that lets you block certain ad categories . Most are clearly placed in Sensitive Categories and were easily disabled before launch , like gambling , drugs , etc. , but I kept hearing from customers who 'd seen other ads that offended both of us . For instance , at least one listener was shown an ad for a gun , which I never even considered would be allowed with all of the “ sensitive ” categories turned off . But Guns & Firearms is n't in Sensitive Categories next to drugs and gambling — it 's in Business & Industrial > Security Equipment & Services . So I kept blocking more categories , but it was never enough to result in ads that were consistently acceptable to me . Other ad networks exist , but they tend to be even worse , or they do n't make enough money , or both .
Mystery code in my app : I had to embed the closed-source Google ad library into my app , and accept all of its uncomfortable requirements ( Advertising Identifier , permission dialogs to use things like Bluetooth or Contacts if an advertiser wanted it , etc. ) . This made me a little uneasy in September , but then November happened , and by late January , I was n't comfortable embedding unnecessary closed-source code from a U.S advertising company in my app anymore .
I decided to do whatever it took to drop the Google Ads and Fabric crash reports and analytics , which was recently acquired by Google .
No closed-source code will be embedded in Overcast anymore,4 and I wo n't use any more third-party analytics services . I 'm fairly confident that Apple has my back if a government pressures them to violate their customers ' rights and privacy , but it 's wise to minimize the number of companies that I 'm making that assumption about .
Fortunately , the Google Ads made relatively little — about 90 % of Overcast 's revenue still comes from paid subscriptions , which are doing better now . The presence of ads for non-subscribers is currently more important than the ads themselves , so I can replace them with pretty much anything . So I rolled my own tasteful in-house ads with class-leading privacy , which show in the Now Playing and Add Podcast screens :
Now Playing can show ads for websites , podcasts , apps , or Overcast Premium , while the Add Podcast screen will only ever show ads for podcasts . ( Want to buy an ad ? Get in touch . )
That 's right , ads for podcasts . What better place to advertise a podcast successfully than in a podcast player ? Tap one , and you get the standard Overcast subscription screen with a complete episode list and one-touch subscribing .
Go get it already
It 's a huge update . Thank you very much to all of my customers who made this possible .
I hope I 've succeeded in my design goals , and I hope you enjoy it .
× Chicago has gone 8 days with no sun – the cloudiest spell in over 25 years
Chicagoans are accustomed to seeing cloudy skies this time of year . After all , the November to January period is typically the cloudiest , bar none . But this recent spell of dreary weather is unusual to say the least .
Today marks 8 consecutive days without even the tiniest glimpse of the sun . According to our Frank Wachowski , who measures sunshine on the South Side of Chicago , in order to find a similar period of gloomy weather you have to go back more than 25 years .
December 29 , 1991 through January 9 , 1992 happens to be this city 's longest cloudy stretch since meteorologists started keeping sunshine records back in 1893 . What 's more , this Tuesday at midnight , we will close out the city 's 2nd cloudiest January on record , only behind January 1998 .
Chicago 's longest strings of cloudy weather :
1 . 12 days : December 29 , 1991 – January 9 , 1992
2 . 10 days : December 16-25 , 1895
3 . 9 days : February 4-12 , 1897
4 . 8 days : January 22-29 , 2017 ( current )
Home > Library > Articles & Essays > Low Self-Esteem & Relationships
Low Self-Esteem & Relationships :
How To Reclaim Yourself
© 2009 Pandora 's Project
By : Kat
After rape or sexual abuse , survivors often find their self-esteem suffers significantly . Our negative view of ourselves can create difficulties in our personal lives , specifically in relationships with others . We may lose our personal power that allows us to lead healthy and balanced lives .
Healthy relationships require both parties to feel confident about their voice and their personal value . When these are missing , the relationship can take a tremendous toll on our emotional well-being .
Another aspect of a healthy relationship - whether that be with a romantic partner , a friend , your family or a colleague - is good communication . However , as a survivor the ability to be open about your thoughts and your emotions can often be extremely difficult . You may have been told that nobody wants to hear you , you may have received the message during the abuse that what you have to say is n't important , you may feel scared , ashamed or embarrassed when you share your feelings , or perhaps you simply feel that what you have to say is not worth listening to . All of these things ( and there are many others ! ) make it really hard to share openly within any kind of relationship .
However , it is important to learn how to communicate as well as you can - a lack of communication can lead to misunderstandings , hurt feelings and a loss of intimacy . For example , your romantic partner may begin to feel rejected and unloved when you turn away from them when they initiate sex - not realizing that the reason you do so is not because of them but because of your past . If you were able to let them know that it 's not them but the emotions and memories that sex in general brings up in you it might help them to be more supportive of you . You may have a friend you love very much who consistently makes inappropriate jokes about sexual abuse , not knowing that you are a survivor and out of ignorance not realizing the impact of their words - because you do n't feel able to tell them that you do n't want to hear these jokes you pull away from their friendship , and a relationship is lost that could have been saved with a simple conversation . Or you may end up burning out at work because you were unable to tell your boss that you could n't take on all the extra work they asked you to do . There are many instances in life where it 's important to be able to communicate your feelings and thoughts , and if this is something you struggle with it is definitely a skill to work on as you continue to heal .
Like any other aspects of healing from rape and/or sexual abuse , low self-esteem is very common . If this issue is something you struggle with , know that you are not alone . However you find your self-perceptions changed after such horrible trauma ( s ) , know that you are valuable , worthy of respect and deserving of love and support . No one has the power to take that away from you .
Rape and sexual abuse are violations of our mind , body , and spirit . Because of these violations , it is extremely difficult to reclaim our personal worth . Without this self-driven empowerment , we can feel less than those around us . This feeling then causes issues in our personal , professional , and academic lives .
We often find it challenging to :
• feel secure in our emotions , reactions , and expectations
• stand up for ourselves
The Role of Self-Blame
Self-blame can be a major reason for our low self-esteem . We often use self-blame to shield our minds from the true nature of our traumas in order to lessen the pain of being violated . It 's much easier to believe we had a role in our attack ( s ) than to accept we had absolutely no control over what happened . In addition , many of our abusers fuel this mindset by their actions and words either during the abuse , after , or both .
Overcoming self-blame is a significant stepping stone to reclaiming ourselves . Pandora 's has wonderful articles specifically dedicated to the topic of self-blame : Was It My Fault ? Self-Blame & Survivors , Countering Self-Blame , and Why Child Sexual Abuse Can NEVER Be Your Fault . One of these articles has a particularly powerful quote that has stuck with me personally for many years :
Only one person makes the choice to rape . ... The only person who can prevent rape is the rapist them or herself . Bad decisions , neutral decisions , good decisions ; to me it does n't matter . We should be able to live our lives ; we should be able to trust our family and our neighbors . Rapists should not rape . Period . ( Was It My Fault ? Self-Blame & Survivors , par 15 ) .
No matter how you came to feel that you are responsible , you never were and never will be . Rape involves a complete loss of choice and for that reason your traumas ( s ) can never be your fault in any way .
How to Feel Secure in Your Reactions and Expectations
One result of low self-esteem in relationships is to constantly feel insecure and in doubt of our emotional reactions and expectations of the other party . If someone says something that makes us upset or frustrated , we may ask ourselves , “ Am I over-reacting ? ” I personally run many conversations at my work or with my significant other by my therapist . Even when we know logically we may be right , our emotional responses tell us we are wrong .
What can help - It may be a good idea to keep a journal of situations you feel insecure about . See if a pattern develops . Try to answer these questions about each situation you doubt yourself in :
1 . What is this situation about ?
2. Who is involved ( my significant other , co-workers , teachers , etc . ) ?
3 . What emotions do I feel ?
4 . Why do I doubt myself in this situation ?
It is often very helpful to get feedback from others . If you have a therapist , bring the journal entries with you and see what he/she has to say . It is also wonderful to receive feedback from those who can relate to your feelings and situations . Join and log onto the Pandora 's Aquarium message board , chat room , and online support group and make a post about how you are feeling or search/respond to other posts about similar experiences .
How to Stand Up for Ourselves
Standing up for ourselves can be very complicated . If we feel insecure about why we need to stand up for ourselves , then it may seem to be an impossible task to be more assertive .
What can help – try standing up for yourself in small steps . It is a big leap to go from never saying anything to someone else about your reactions to all of a sudden feeling confident about your feelings . These activities may provide the stepping stones to becoming more assertive :
1 . After the situation , write down what happened as objectively as possible .
2 . Afterwards , go back and see where you reacted . Go over the other person 's words or actions .
3 . Imagine that you could stand up to that person directly . Write down what you would say .
4 . Take some time out and come back to your writing a few hours or days later to reflect .
5. Review your writings ; do you still feel the same way ? Would you still want to react in the same manner ?
6 . If so , try generating a letter to that person . Include what happened and respond without the fear of doing so face-to-face .
7 . Send the letter if you feel compelled to do so , or if that is not something you are able to do think of another ritual that might help you . Some survivors find it healing to burn these letters , rip them up , place them in a locked box and so on .
After trying these activities , it may become easier for you to assert yourself in particular situations . If you send your letter it may also be an appropriate and effective way to stand up for yourself in many situations . For example , I personally try to stand up for myself as much as I can over email or letters . I write emails and letters ( where applicable ) to my boss , my co-workers and my significant other .
Rebuilding our self-esteem can be a difficult and long journey . As difficult as reclaiming ourselves may be , we must remember that we are worth it . We deserve to feel secure about what we need and want out of life and others . We deserve to stand up for ourselves . No matter what others do or say , we deserve to have a voice and feel empowered .
[ Printable PDF version of this article ]
This article is copyrighted and unauthorized reproduction is prohibited .
If you wish to use this article online or in print , please contact us to request permission .
President Donald Trump with their son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner , who is Jewish , in the Roosevelt Room at the White House in Washington , D.C. , Jan. 31 . Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
When do we get to say out loud that the Trump Administration has a very serious problem with Jews , Judaism , and all things Jewish and that it has now risen to the level that even saying the word Jew has become problematic ?
On Monday , 11 Jewish Community Centers across the United States were targeted with bomb threats and evacuations , the fourth round of such threats in 2017 . Outside St. Louis , more than 170 graves were desecrated and toppled in a Jewish cemetery .
The White House 's statement on the JCC threats read in full :
Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom . The President has made it abundantly clear that these actions are unacceptable .
It 's worth noting that terrorism and vandalism have absolutely nothing to do with “ individual freedom ” and that threatening to kill small babies and elderly people is an affront to human safety and dignity , not just “ freedom. ” The White House statement , you also might have noticed , did not contain the words Jewish , Jewish Community Center , or terrorism or anti-Semitism . This has become something of a tradition for the Trump administration , which failed to mention the existence of Jewish victims in a message issued on Holocaust Remembrance Day . Last week , Trump fielded a question about the rise in anti-Semitic incidents during a press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by making another rambling reference to their Electoral College victory and their Jewish daughter and by dismissing the question as unfair . And on Thursday , in the strangest performance to date , Trump told a Jewish reporter to sit down and accused them of lying when they were asked a softball question about the rise of anti-Jewish hate .
On Tuesday morning , responding to increasing pressure to say the words aloud , Trump called anti-Semitism “ horrible ” and “ a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil. ” In a Facebook post , the executive director of the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect called this “ a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which they and their staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting anti-Semitism , yet day after day have refused to apologize and correct the record . ”
Indeed , to be grateful that Trump finally said the bare minimum at the latest possible moment they could say it is to miss what was most horrifying about their assorted romps with anti-Semitism . You may have missed it amid the distraction of Trump 's insult to a Jewish reporter , but in the same press conference , SiriusXM 's Jared Rizzi circled back to the hate crimes question . “ I 'll follow up on my colleague 's question about anti-Semitism , ” Rizzi said . “ It 's not about your personality or your beliefs . We 're talking about a rise in anti-Semitism around the country . Some of it by supporters in your name . What can you do to deter that ? ”
Trump 's reply : “ Some of it is written by our opponents . You do know that ? Do you understand that ? You do n't think anybody would do a thing like that ? ” In case they are n't being sufficiently clear , they added , “ Some of the signs you 'll see are not put up by the people that love or live Donald Trump . They 're put up by the other side , and you think it 's like playing it straight ? No . But you have some of those signs , and some of that anger is caused by the other side . They 'll do signs , and they 'll do drawings that are inappropriate . It wo n't be my people . It will be the people on the other side to anger people like you . ”
Allison Kaplan Sommer , commenting at Haaretz , explained over the weekend that this—and not the insults directed to a Jewish reporter—was the real story about Trump and anti-Jewish hate speech : “ Trump 's words echoed the theory that the threats to Jewish community centers and other anti-Semitic incidents have been contrived to support the premise that Trump 's presidency is ushering in greater racism. ” These “ false flag ” claims are rampant among anti-Semites and have been pushed by David Duke himself . “ I wonder who could be placing all those calls ? ” Duke tweeted recently , referencing the threats to Jewish community centers . “ Seems they 'd be able to track that down rather easily … such a dramatic photo . ”
So please do n't be too grateful that President Trump has finally said that anti-Semitism is “ horrible. ” It 's more notable and more telling that they have also given voice and cover to the vile argument that these attacks and threats are not really happening to Jews or , worse , that Jews are doing this to their own communities in an effort to delegitimize Trump . The real question we should be asking Donald Trump today is n't whether they deplore episodes of racial hatred . It should be whether they even believe they are happening or whether they truly think they are staged by their enemies to malign him .
by
India has the largest number of smallholder farmers in the World , 600 million by some estimates . From this army of workers one impoverished desperate man , or indeed woman , with a noose of debt around their neck takes their or their own life on average every thirty minutes , A statistic barely comprehensible , representing the tidal wave of suicides that has swept through the farming community in the last 15 years .
The agrarian crisis of which farmer suicides are a tragic consequence is a mega calamity , rooted in one fundamental cause , which P. Sainath , rural editor for The Hindu describes as ‘ the drive towards corporate farming ' , predicated by the “ predatory commercialization of the countryside ” , that is forcing “ the biggest displacement in Indian history ” . Shocking and destructive it should be seen as part of a greater whole of interconnected issues facing India . Sainath makes this clear , “ do n't detach this crisis from the overall political , economic social direction of the country , they say .
The number of farmer suicides – the largest in human history is estimated to have reached 300,000+ and rising as we speak . Add to this the 400 a day who attempt suicide and fail , the 2,200 that daily quit farming and the one and a half million family members affected by suicides , plus the millions facing the very issues that are driving the tragedy , and the scale of the inferno begins to be clear . Shocking , as they are , these figures are an indication only ; women are one of eight groups who are generally excluded from official data because most do not have title to land . A woman is not classed as a farmer , they are a farmer 's wife , and their suicide is not included in the figures , nor are The Center For Human Rights and Global Justice at New York University 's ( HRGJ ) report on farmer suicides tells us , “ family members of farmers who have committed suicide—who themselves take over farming land , and subsequently commit suicide because of debt ” , and less surprisingly the Dalit and Adivasi ( indigenous ) people are also invisible to a government who ignores them in death as in life .
The major cause of this epidemic is indebtedness to banks and moneylenders , hiding behind the debt however is twenty years of market liberalization at the hands of the government that has withdrawn all agricultural support , failed to invest in irrigation , improve the availability of rural credit , or provide farmers with alternative seed purchasing options – other than GM shopping . HRGJ convey government statistics stating : “ that 241,679 farmers in India committed suicide between 1995 and 2009 ” , the majority are cash crop farmers , growing cotton being particularly hazardous work . Suicides have been highest in the states of Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , and West Bengal , all high cotton producing areas .
Growing disadvantage
As a result of economic liberalization , designed and sold by the parents of globalization or market fundamentalism ; the IMF and the World Bank , India has become integrated into the global market and what Sainath calls ‘ McEconomics– it tastes the same everywhere ' . The state has increasingly withdrawn from the public sector and become “ more interventionist on behalf of the corporate world and the super elite. ” As state support for farmers was withdrawn India opened up to huge foreign corporations and their equally mega native partners .
The foreign multinationals were at a huge advantage because as HRGJ makes clear , “ the price of their products was set artificially low as a result of agricultural subsidies in their home countries , ” affecting the costs to Indian ( and African ) farmers , secondly and equally devastating , “ the Indian government 's removal of quotas , duties , and tariffs on imports made it cheaper for these entrants to import their products into the country. ” Whilst these policies implemented some twenty years ago have as HRGJ makes clear “ helped usher in dramatic economic growth this growth has been unevenly distributed , largely benefiting the nation 's elite , while the majority continues to endure grinding poverty. ” Sound familiar ; political loyalty in corporate politics lying firmly with the corporations , the duty of politicians in market fundamentalism being continual accelerated growth and maximum profit , no matter the human or environmental cost .
Genetically modified mayhem
With the invasion of multinational corporate man came their agricultural weapon of choice , GM modified cottonseed . The Monsanto Bt seed has flooded the Indian market , to the extent that in some Indian states it is now impossible to buy non-Bt seed , despite the unconvincing evidence to its efficacy . With no choice and convinced by blanket advertising and misleading demonstrations made in ideal conditions , 95 % of farmers take loans and invest in GM Bt seeds that , the New York Times ( 16/10/12 ) report , “ can cost three to eight times the cost of conventional seeds ” . In addition to authorized distributors a black market has thrived , that as shortages appear , can set “ prices as high as 2,000 rupees ( $ 38 ) per packet , leading to a profusion of bootlegged seeds illegally marketed as genetically modified products . ”
Costs of seed , fertilizers and pesticides , all incidentally supplied by the same company , have increased year on year . One farmer relates in the NY Times how “ the old pesticide used to cost us 200 rupees per litre… . Now I have to pay between 2,000 to 3,000 rupees . And I need to apply it more and more every year. ” With low yields and low market rates as well as the collapse of government investment Indian farmers are increasingly dependent on loans resulting in a debt cycle that is inescapable .
As well as costing the earth the Bt cottonseed demands a great deal more water , a fact that is being hidden from Indian farmers unable to read the English instructions and water warnings on seed packaging – an accidental corporate oversight , no doubt . With poor irrigation , most farmers rely on rainfall to feed crops . When the monsoon rains fail , so does the crop , leaving the farmer with a massive debt to service and the prospect of further loans to continue farming the following year . The lifeblood of the Indian farmer is in danger of becoming even more scarce as the government goes ahead with the privatization of water ( as we collectively shake our heads in disbelief ) and irrigation pathways , sold no doubt into the hands of Indian corporations . One doubts there are farmer , Dalit or Adivasi cooperatives in the bidding – so much for participatory democracy .
Critics of GM seeds maintain , “ the solution to increasing costs and spiralling debt is a shift toward organic and eco-friendly farming methods. ” The NY Times reports , “ and these are low technology , simple to use , not costly methods – you do n't have the high costs of pesticides or genetically modified seeds. ” Monsanto unsurprisingly offer a different answer to this social tragedy : “ Buy more BT seed , ” they suggest , ” with the hope of increasing yields . Unsurprisingly , they dodge any responsibility for farmer suicides , asserting that claims attributing debt to the impact of the thirsty , expensive Bt seed are spurious and “ misinformed ” . Corporate responsibility beginning and ending at the door marked profit .
A Legacy of debt
A suicidal farmer 's debt does not , alas , die with him : loans merely become the responsibility of the wife ( or husband ) of the victim , who in many cases repeat the final desperate act , some families have witnessed two or three suicides . Dowries add to the mountain of debt for families in poverty , and widows under the unbearable pressure of huge debt and the burden of finding a husband for their daughters , may in desperation take their own lives .
The cycle of debt has created a spiral of death and extended multiple suffering ; Children whose Father or Mother commits suicide are forced to quit school or university and take up the reins of the farm . Sainath describes one young man , symptomatic of many thousands , “ I see a child trying to be a man whose eyes tell you how scared they are , pitchforked into a position they are not ready for ” . Entrapment the order of the day , keeping people in a position of permanent anxiety , depleted of energy and with no state support , completely at the mercy of market forces and unable to resist . In the 1960s and 70s , when agricultural reforms where tabled in India , Sainath relates there was a peasant revolt , “ in the ‘ 1990s and 2000s there is mass suicide and despair , ” outcomes causing less obstruction to the corporate political plan , of the commercialization of everything and everyone , everywhere .
In the face of what is suicide on epidemic proportions the Indian government is guilty of appalling neglect , moral and legal – they are signatories to all the key international human rights conventions and are obliged to respect , protect and observe the human rights of farmers and their families . Instead , and in keeping with corporate politics , a plethora of fundamental human rights are being ignored . HRGJ list the rights breached , as : “ the right to life ; the right to an adequate standard of living ; the right to work ; the right to food ; the right to water ; the right to health ; and the right to an effective remedy among other rights. ” Instead of meeting its responsibilities the government has followed the bureaucratic line of the least resistance and set up a series of committees to examine the crisis . It is the Indian way , according to Sainath : “ You keep forming committees until somebody gives you the report you want . There have been 13 reports on farmer suicides , for example. ” These are pointless distractions from a government that , whilst ignoring the human rights of the most vulnerable members of Indian society , subsidizes the wealthy and procrastinates as farmers in deep despair drink pesticide or rat poison to escape the interminable torture of debt .
The governments actions and inaction have fanned the flames of the crisis , sending a message of indifference loud and clear to farmers and rural communities , and of unity and shared interests to corporations eager to work to ‘ commercialize the countryside ' with government backing and poste haste . Farmer suicides are a blood red stain of shame on the democratic pretentions of the Indian government that is duty bound and legally required to act on behalf of the men , women and children being marginalized in rural areas , many who have farmed the land for generations , and are now unable to compete against the machinery of economic fundamentalism that is crushing them totally .
Graham Peebles is director of the Create Trust . They can be reached at : graham @ thecreatetrust.org
Scores of Democrats are calling on President Obama to champion an expansion of Social Security benefits for millions of seniors nationwide .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a letter to be delivered to the White House Monday , the lawmakers say evolving trends surrounding employer retirement packages have put a financial squeeze on the nation 's retirees . They want the president to fill the gap by expanding Social Security .
`` As employers continue moving from a defined benefit model to a defined contribution model of retirement savings , it is critical that we fight to protect and expand Social Security — the only guaranteed source of income in retirement , '' the lawmakers write .
Their campaign coincides with Monday 's White House Conference on Aging , a once-in-a-decade event where administration officials will discuss specific policy prescriptions for the nation 's seniors .
The Democrats want a Social Security expansion to be `` the number one retirement security recommendation '' put forth by the White House .
The Democrats cite polls indicating that such an expansion is both necessary — `` more than half ( 53 percent ) of today 's working Americans are not expected to have sufficient resources upon retirement to maintain their standard of living , '' they write — and enormously popular .
`` This support crosses party lines : 90 percent of Democrats , 73 percent of Independents , and 73 percent of Republicans favor expanding Social Security , '' they write .
The letter is spearheaded by Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) , ranking member of the Budget Committee and a 2016 presidential contender , and Rep. John Conyers Jr. ( D-Mich. ) . They join Sens . Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump 's emergency declaration MORE ( D-Mass . ) , Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownWorse than nothing 's been done since the massive Equifax hack Dems face internal battle over budget On The Money : Dems set Tuesday vote on Trump 's emergency declaration | Most Republicans expected to back Trump | Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown drama | Powell heading before Congress MORE ( D-Ohio ) and 68 House Democrats in endorsing the letter .
Senior advocates are also joining the fight . A host of liberal groups plan to deliver a petition — 2 million signatures long — to the White House conference on Monday echoing the lawmakers ' push for a Social Security expansion . The sponsoring groups include the AFL-CIO , the Campaign for America 's Future , the National Organization for Women and Social Security Works .
Social Security has divided Obama and their liberal allies on Capitol Hill . The president infuriated many Democrats in 2013 when they unveiled a 2014 budget package that would calculate future cost-of-living increases in Social Security using the chained consumer price index ( CPI ) , which would reduce benefits over time .
The move was largely political : Obama had included the provision as an olive branch to Republicans , who have long championed benefit cuts under Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid in the name of reducing spending and shrinking government . But the provision did nothing to bring GOP leaders to the budget negotiating table .
Although Obama had emphasized that they would consider the chained-CPI provision only as part of a package deal that included tax hikes , many liberal Democrats were nonetheless outraged that they would open the door to cutting seniors benefits .
Sanders on Sunday , while describing Obama as a friend , said the president made a mistake in thinking Republicans were willing partners in legislative compromise .
`` What they did after the election is what they said to the millions of people who were so excited about their campaign , they say , 'Hey , thank you very much for electing me ; I will take it from here . I 'll sit down with John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE . I will sit down with Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE . I 'll sit down with Republicans and I 'm going to negotiate some fair compromises , ' '' Sanders said on CBS 's `` Face the Nation '' program .
`` The truth is Republicans never wanted to negotiate . All they wanted to do was obstruct . ''
Read letter from Democrats
A day after we learned that evangelical stalwart and GOP candidate for Senate from Alabama Roy Moore is an alleged child molester , their brother is joining the crowd of Christians who thinks this is just some liberal conspiracy .
In an interview with CNN 's Martin Savidge , Jerry Moore suggested the multiple accusers were all doing it for money ( though they did n't specify who was paying them ) and that their claims were politically motivated .
And then they compared their brother to Jesus .
“ When I asked what do they believe the motivation is with these women coming forward making the accusations they have , again , Jerry Moore says it 's money and the Democratic Party , implying that they are doing this because they 're being paid in some way , and it is for the purpose of derailing or interrupting this campaign , ” Savidge said . Moore went so far as to say “ that their brother is being persecuted , in their own words , like Jesus Christ was , ” according to Savidge . “ Very defiant and very outspoken , relying on their faith and defending their brother to the hilt . ”
Jesus , if you believe the biblical story , was persecuted for their beliefs .
Roy Moore is being criticized for their supposed actions . There 's a difference .
Either Moore touched a 14-year-old girl or they did n't . Either they pursued relationships with girls under 18 when they were in their 30s or they did n't . Dismissing all the accusations as part of some conspiracy when the women have nothing to gain by being labeled as the victims says more about Moore than them .
Plus , as some online commenters have claimed , Jesus was nailed to a cross . So it 's not like They had wandering hands . The comparison fails on every level .
Word comes from NVIDIA this afternoon that they are rolling out a beta update to their GRID game streaming service . Starting today , the service is adding 1080p60 streaming to its existing 720p60 streaming option , with the option initially going out to members of the SHIELD HUB beta group .
Today 's announcement from NVIDIA comes as the company is ramping up for the launch of the SHIELD Android TV and its accompanying commercial GRID service . The new SHIELD console is scheduled to ship this month , meanwhile the commercialization of the GRID service is expected to take place in June , with the current free GRID service for existing SHIELD portable/tablet users listed as running through June 30th . Given NVIDIA 's ambitions to begin charging for the service , it was only a matter of time until the company began offering the service , especially as the SHIELD Android TV will be hooked up to much larger screens where the limits of 720p would be more easily noticed .
In any case , from a technical perspective NVIDIA has long had the tools necessary to support 1080p streaming – NVIDIA 's video cards already support 1080p60 streaming to SHIELD devices via GameStream – so the big news here is that NVIDIA has finally flipped the switch with their servers and clients . Though given the fact that 1080p is 2.25x as many pixels as 720p , I 'm curious whether part of this process has involved NVIDIA adding some faster GRID K520 cards ( GK104 ) to their server clusters , as the lower-end GRID K340 cards ( GK107 ) do n't offer quite the throughput or VRAM one traditionally needs for 1080p at 60fps .
But the truly difficult part of this rollout is on the bandwidth side . With SHIELD 720p streaming already requiring 5-10Mbps of bandwidth and NVIDIA opting for quality over efficiency on the 1080p service , the client bandwidth requirements for the 1080p service are enormous . 1080p GRID will require a 30Mbps connection , with NVIDIA recommending users have a 50Mbps connection to keep from any other network devices compromising the game stream . To put this in perspective , no video streaming service hits 30Mbps , and in fact Blu-Ray itself tops out at 48Mbps for audio + video . NVIDIA in turn needs to run at a fairly high bitrate to make up for the fact that they have to all of this encoding in real-time with low latency ( as opposed to highly optimized offline encoding ) , hence the significant bandwidth requirement . Meanwhile 50Mbps+ service in North America is still fairly rare – these requirements all but limit it to cable and fiber customers – so at least for now only a limited number of people will have the means to take advantage of the higher resolution .
NVIDIA GRID System Requirements 720p60 1080p60 Minimum Bandwidth 10Mbps 30Mbps Recommended Bandwidth N/A 50Mbps Device Any SHIELD , Native Or Console Mode Any SHIELD , Console Mode Only ( no 1080p60 to Tablet 's screen )
As for the games that support 1080p streaming , most , but not all GRID games support it at this time . NVIDIA 's announcement says that 35 games support 1080p , with this being out of a library of more than 50 games . Meanwhile I 'm curious just what kind of graphics settings NVIDIA is using for some of these games . With NVIDIA 's top GRID card being the equivalent of an underclocked GTX 680 , older games should n't be an issue , but more cutting edge games almost certainly require tradeoffs to maintain framerates near 60fps . So I do n't imagine NVIDIA is able to run every last game with all of their settings turned up to maximum .
Finally , NVIDIA 's press release also notes that the company has brought additional datacenters online , again presumably in anticipation of the commercial service launch . A Southwest US datacenter is now available , and a datacenter in Central Europe is said to be available later this month . This brings NVIDIA 's total datacenter count up to six : USA Northwest , USA Southwest , USA East Coast , Northern Europe , Central Europe , and Asia Pacific .
Jack Wilshere could be back by Christmas after their surgery was successful to end a long injury lay-off
Wenger admits Sanchez may have needed a longer summer break after their summer exertions with their country
Former Barcelona star has struggled to replicate heights of last season after playing in the Copa America with Chile
Advertisement
Arsene Wenger has admitted they played Alexis Sanchez before they were match fit , but has backed their star man to shake off their early season cobwebs .
The Chilean returned late to pre-season following their exertions in the Copa America .
Sanchez 's performances this season are yet to hit the heights of their sensational first campaign in England .
The Chile international has been unable to inspire Arsenal since their summer break that followed winning the Copa America with Chile
Arsene Wenger says they are not concerned by Alexis Sanchez 's form despite their star man 's slow start to the new Premier League season
As Arsenal trained in front of the cameras at their London Colney base on Friday , Mesut Ozil bowed down to team-mate Mathieu Flamini
Flamini scored twice in the Gunners ' 2-1 Capital One Cup win over Tottenham Hotspur in midweek to earn the German midfielder 's praise
Arsenal seemed in good spirits , with Joel Campbell sharing a laugh with team-mates Santi Cazorla and Mikel Arteta
And the Arsenal manager , who says midfielder Jack Wilshere should be available by Christmas following surgery , acknowledges they fielded their South American star before they should have .
' I played them early , before they were fit physically , ' Wenger said .
'Time tells us it takes time to settle and come back to your best after winning a trophy . I 'm not worried about Alexis and I 'm confident they will score . '
The French coach also offered an update on midfielder Wilshere after they underwent surgery on the hairline fracture of their left leg .
The 23-year-old broke a fibula in August and has repeatedly seen their return date pushed back , but Wenger was able to present better news in their pre-match press conference on Friday .
'Wilshere has had their operation , ' the Gunners boss said . 'It went well . They will be back in December , around Christmas . '
See the latest Alexis Sanchez news , videos and pictures
Ozil struts their stuff on the field at London Colney while Cazorla , Theo Walcott and Gabriel Monreal watch on from behind them
Cazorla and Gabriel , who could be available after seeing their initial suspension for a red card against Chelsea cancelled , stretch together
Wenger is preparing their Arsenal side to face Barclays Premier League surprise package Leicester City after their recent run of good form
Listmania : Top 10 Covers Of Black Sabbath Songs From The Ozzy Osbourne Days Share :
I do not count very well . Counting is hard when you have webbed fingers . If that was in my long list of skills , I would probably give you solid numbers to back my claim that Black Sabbath is the most covered band in all of metal music . Not for no reason , obviously . They are widely considered to be the originators , the primordial seed from which all of the things we love and discuss on this blog ( including Charli XCX ) germinated . Of course , most of the covers are forgettable . Some , downright horrible . A few , thankfully , are nothing short of stellar – either by managing to perfectly encapsulate the original 's affection , by offering a new take on a classic song or even by doing both . These are my favorites .
Disclaimer : This list was compiled with covers that ( 1 ) had to be from Ozzy-era songs . Do n't be whiny . We 'll get there eventually . ( 2 ) had to be awesome . ( 3 ) could n't be of the same song . Both “ Into The Void ” and “ Snowblind ” have several great covers but I do n't want this to get as repetitive as my writing style .
“ Solitude ” , as performed by Ulver
One of the sweetest tracks in Sabbath 's catalogue got much sweeter after receiving the Ulver treatment . This rendition of “ Solitude ” is hauntingly beautiful . I always wanted the original to play at my funeral . I want the cover to play , too .
“ Snowblind ” , as performed by Converge
This is a live recording and , to some , the quality may sound a bit poor . I do not care . Jacob Bannon 's vitriolic delivery injects into one of the best cuts from Volume 4 a big dose of urgency . One of my favorite aspects of this version is how the bass flourishes above all instruments every now and then , in true Geezer Butler fashion . If you do not feel the urge to headbang by the 2:56 mark you are probably dead .
“ Symptom Of The Universe ” , as performed by Sepultura
To my ears and knowledge , Symptom Of The Universe main riff is a seminal moment for thrash metal . It is very fitting that such a good cover was handled by a band that always straddled a thin line between thrash and death metal , never completely locked in one of those musical corners . Igor Cavalera 's drumming sets the pace for a thrilling performance by the whole band . It also shines bright [ like a diamond – Hi , Rihanna ] in the outro of the song , where Sepultura completely scrapped the Carlos Santana/Rolling Stones ‘ “ Ca n't You Hear Me Knocking ” inspired ending for a segment that features a bouncy , pulsating bass and some sweet acoustic riffage . Groovy and filled with swing . I like it .
“ War Pigs ” , as performed by Faith No More
Even though there are little to none structural variations between the original song and this cover , this is still a great recording . What makes it so good is the fact that Faith No More performs “ War Pigs ” with an energy that most bands are not able to display even when playing their own material . The cover even became a fixture in their live shows , as a quick YouTube search will prove . The biggest highlight here is undoubtedly Mike Patton 's distinctive voice . Few vocalists , regardless of genre , are as iconic as Ozzy Osbourne . Patton is definitely one of them . I ca n't think of a single metal frontman better suited to cover one of Ozzy 's best performances of all time .
“ Children Of The Grave ” , as performed by Neurosis
Originators in their own right , Neurosis took their love for Black Flag and Black Sabbath to new heights in order to create what is now known as post-metal . It all comes full circle in this rendition of “ Children Of The Grave ” , in which they rely on drumming to reproduce the galloping riff of the original . The guitars are slowed down to a crawl , and the vocals are shouted from afar . The combination of these elements transform what was once a boisterous song ( one of the most uptempo cuts from Master Of Reality ) into a patiently entrancing experience .
This is part of the 6th and last 7 ” split of a highly recommended series named In These Black Days , released by Hydra Head Records . The other side features Soilent Green ‘ s medley of three songs , each from a different phase of The Sabbath . You can listen to that killer track by stabbing deez nuts this link .
“ Lord Of This World ” , as performed by Thou
If you claim to like sludge metal and you do n't know who is a Thou is , you are doing it all wrong . Please , take some time to reevaluate your life . I 'll wait . Done ? Now allow me to correct your erroneous ways . Hailing from Baton Rouge , Louisiana , these guys have proven throughout their decade-long career that they have mastered the art of naming things , the art of choosing artwork and the art of being fucking brilliant .
Among the 33 releases they have been featured in , besides the amazing collaboration with The Body ( brilliantly reviewed by Dr. Dubya here ) , lies an EP containing nothing but covers of Sabbathian classics . It sounds a lot like Sabbath , if they were possessed by an ancient demon . The groove is still there , accompanied by over the top distortion and feedback . The vocals are as vile as it gets . The drums plus bass combo is a bloody petard every time it hits . The cleaner guitar tone used in the solo shines as a beacon of light amidst the darkness . “ Lord Of This World ” is my favorite cut from Through The Empires Of Eternal Void . I 'm guessing the “ naming things ” part just made sense , amirite ?
“ Black Sabbeth ” , as performed by Gonga
A fairly recent cover , but one my favorites nonetheless . Gonga is a stoner rock band based in Bristol , UK . They are heavy . So much so that wikipedia describes them as a “ heavy stoner rock band based in Bristol , UK ” . What could have turned out as a cookie cutter just-another-stoner-band-doing-Sabbath kind of cover became something much greater than that .
First , the musicianship displayed by this band is top notch . Much like the asupervisorstioned Faith No More , no changes in song structure were made . They just were n't necessary . Gonga sets themselves apart from the original by fuzzing the fuck out of the guitar tone – coupled with the perfect production , the thing sounds colossal . Second , and most importantly , the vocal duties were handled by none other than Beth Gibbons of Portishead fame . I am unable to describe how much this lady brought to the table , so it 's best to let their performance do the talking . Accompanying visuals are dope , too .
“ N.I.B. ” , as performed by Cave In
To be completely honest , among the bands in this list , Cave In is probably the one I am the least familiar with . That was n't enough to prevent me from getting my mind blown by this cover . Things start out weird , in this version . Really weird . Although the bass plays in the usual groove ( with a delicious tone , I should add ) , it is the only thread of familiarity connecting this piece to my memory . The rest of the elements all sound new , for the guitar work is ethereal and spacy , and the vocal delivery very subdued , like a misty haze that slowly ascends away from the atmosphere . Strange noises come into the mix , adding more layers to the concoction .
The otherness does not last for too long , as the 1:40 mark sees the singer raise their voice as if they were channeling the Ozzy of yore . Chilling backing vocals add true beauty to this moment . Finally , the distorted guitars kick in , unleashing the song 's climax . I am a complete sucker for dramatic guitar leads and solos , and the guitar tone employed here just soars .
“ Paranoid ” , as performed by Type O Negative
Type O Negative 's rendition of Paranoid is one of those rare instances in which a cover becomes a complete reimagination of the original song . “ Paranoid ” is one of the liveliest and shortest songs in Black Sabbath 's catalogue . Peter Steele et alia transformed it into a gloom & doom ballad to call their own , complete with a new verse and all that jazz . They even managed to fit the instantly recognizable riff from “ Iron Man ” in the middle of this 7 minute sprawl . Despite the morose atmosphere surrounding this bit of music , it features Type O 's signature dynamics . A band that definitely knows when to resort to minimalism and when to swell up , with such efficiency I am positive this is the most anthemic performance featured in this list . This is the type of ish that got me holding a lighter up like it is 1993 all over again .
“ Into The Void ” , as performed by Kyuss
Stoner metal is a perpetual unfolding of Black Sabbath 's Master Of Reality . “ Into The Void ” is the most elaborate song on that album , therefore it is also the go-to song when bands look for a Sabbath cover . None of them come close to Kyuss ' version . This is that sun soaked , tripped out , know what I 'm talking bout ? This is what happens when you plug your guitar through a bass amplifier . This is what happens when you get lost and wake up in a generator party . This recording represents one of the most perfectly appropriate bittersweet goodbyes in the history of rock .
It pains me to leave some of my favorite bands out of this post . I could run an interminable list of honorable mentions . Instead , I 'll leave it up to you to tell me why I suck what songs are missing from my list .
Keep it Sabbath , kids .
Did you dig this ? Take a second to support Toilet ov Hell on Patreon !
MILWAUKEE — A Milwaukee man has been criminally charged , accused in the shooting death of their ex-girlfriend 's brother . Prosecutors say the shooting happened amid an ongoing Facebook feud involving the ex .
31-year-old Marcus Sutton of Milwaukee faces one count of first degree reckless homicide , use of a dangerous weapon , and one count of possession of a firearm by a felon .
According to a criminal complaint , on November 19th , police responded to a shooting in an alley near 9th and Lapham . A victim was discovered lying in the alley , bleeding from their head and leg . They were taken to the hospital where they died . An autopsy revealed he 'd suffered a gunshot wound to their head , and another to their left thigh . Their death was ruled a homicide .
Prosecutors say the homicide was captured by surveillance cameras . The video showed a vehicle stopping in the alley moments before the shooting — with a man exiting and walking toward a vehicle . They returned a minute later , and the vehicle left . Four minutes later , the victim came into view of the camera from a house — walking towards a garbage cart when the same vehicle returned and stopped . The victim began walking toward the house they came from , passing the stopped vehicle . The video then showed the victim suddenly fell down , the vehicle sped off .
The victim 's sister was in the house the victim emerged from moments prior to the shooting , and said they used to date Sutton , but broke things off . They said she 'd been receiving messages and texts from Sutton that “ scared her , ” and said they and Sutton 's current girlfriend has been “ feuding on Facebook. ” The victim 's sister and another individual identified Sutton as the person who exited the vehicle seen in the surveillance video moments before the shooting .
Investigators spoke with Sutton 's current girlfriend , and the complaint indicates they said they were in the vehicle with Sutton prior to the shooting . They said Sutton had driven them to the victim 's sister 's home so that they could confront the victim about Facebook posts .
Sutton 's girlfriend said when they arrived at the house , Sutton peeked into the windows and believed the victim 's sister was home with their kids , and Sutton planned to “ kick in the door and beat them up. ” While they were in the alley , the victim came to the area near the garbage cart , and Sutton saw him , and “ said they were going to shoot him , ” reaching their hand across their girlfriend 's body , and shooting the victim through the vehicle 's passenger window . After the shooting , Sutton 's girlfriend said Sutton said they believed the victim was their ex-girlfriend 's brother , and to “ ( expletive ) him , because they owe Sutton $ 20 . ”
The complaint says two other women were inside the vehicle at the time of the shooting , and they identified Sutton as the shooter . They said they argued with Sutton about shooting an innocent man .
The complaint notes that Sutton was convicted of substantial battery in June of 2013 and thereby prohibited from possessing a firearm .
Sutton made their initial appearance in court in this case on November 27th . Cash bond was set at $ 200,000 and a preliminary hearing was scheduled for December 6th .
[ email protected ]
La Comisión Federal para la Protección contra Riesgos Sanitarios ( Cofepris ) informó que ha emitido cartas de advertencia a tiendas departamentales y autoridades sanitarias estatales en las que reiteró que la importación , distribución y comercialización de cigarrillos electrónicos es ilegal .
Ante el resurgimiento de portales de internet y puntos de venta que ofrecen este producto , el organismo , dependiente de la Secretaría de Salud , señaló que ha intensificado la vigilancia para el aseguramiento de productos de tabaco , incluyendo cigarrillos electrónicos y sus accesorios .
La comercialización de cigarrillos electrónicos está vetada por la fracción VI del artículo 16 de la Ley General para el Control del Tabaco , la cual prohíbe comercializar , vender , distribuir , exhibir , promocionar o producir cualquier objeto que no sea un producto del tabaco , que contenga alguno de los elementos de la marca o cualquier tipo de diseño o señal auditiva que lo identifique con productos del tabaco .
El cigarrillo electrónico se ha vuelto moda , pero los especialistas advierten que éste esconde una batería y una recarga de nicotina , aderezada con diversos aromas ( vainilla , menta , tabaco ) y otros ingredientes .
En 2009 , la Food and Drug Administration ( FDA , pos sus siglas en inglés ) de Estados Unidos analizó varias marcas de estos e-cigarrillos y alertó de la presencia en ellos de sustancias cancerígenas .
FC Koln striker Lukas Podolski says their future remains 'open ' amid reported interest in their signature from Arsenal .
The 26-year-old German has been in fine form this season ; scoring nine times in 12 appearances for club and country . This goal glut has led to increased speculation regarding their future at the Rhein Energie Stadion .
Reports in Germany have claimed Arsenal are pursuing Podolski and that Arsene Wenger could make a bid for their services as early as January .
The Arsenal boss reportedly wants to recruit another proven goalscorer to their ranks , and Podolski would certainly prove to be an exciting acquisition for the Gunners .
And , says the former Bayern Munich striker , they are unsure what the future holds .
`` I can jump to no conclusions about my future , '' they said according to Express .
`` I have always stressed that my future is open and said that I will have to wait and see about the state of the club 's sporting situation .
`` I am pleased that things are going so well for me , but I also know that football is a daily business . ''
Carrie Fisher is convinced the new Star Wars movie is cursed because they narrowly escaped injury in a nasty car accident just days before their co-star Harrison Ford cheated death in a horrifying plane crash .
The Indiana Jones star reportedly suffered a broken pelvis and ankle after crash-landing a vintage aircraft on a golf course in California on Thursday when the plane suffered engine troubles shortly after take-off .
They are now recovering in hospital , and their longtime co-star Fisher , who also appears alongside Ford in new blockbuster Star Wars : Episode VII – The Force Awakens , has now revealed they were in a scary car accident on 1 March , just days before their friend 's plane crash .
Mobile users , click this link
They tell Britain 's Mail on Sunday newspaper , “ Things happen in threes . I 'm about to call ( co-star ) Mark Hamill to make sure he 's OK . I have a horrid feeling there 's a curse going on here… What is funny is that last Sunday it was raining hard in L.A . I was driving to the art store and I got into an accident . It was n't that serious and I was n't hurt but it 's the first car accident I 've ever had . I drove home and that 's when the wheel came off my BMW . My assistant told me I could have died if the wheel had come off when I was on the freeway . Then I was watching the news and saw Harrison had their crash . I 'm a bit worried it 's the curse of Star Wars . ”
Ford 's plane crash came just months after they broke their leg on the set of the movie in the U.K. and had to take a hiatus from filming while they recovered , and Fisher admits the accident was “ more serious than was let on ” , adding , “ It could have been billions of times worse .
Fisher goes on to reveal they have sent a case of beer to Ford as they recover from their plane crash injuries in hospital as part of a long-running joke between the pair .
They explain , “ ( One time ) they said , 'Look , do you want to fly or can we have a beer ? ' They would n't have a drink if we were going to fly . It became something of a joke between us that I chose to have a beer that time rather than fly . I sent them some beers to the hospital with the message , 'You should have had a beer this time ' . ”
Economic activity in the Midwest contracted at the fastest pace in more than six years in December , according to the Chicago Business Barometer , also known as the Chicago PMI .
The index fell to 42.9 from 48.7 in November . Economists had expected it to rise 1.3 points to 50 in the December reading . The index has spent much of the year below the 50 mark that separates expansion from contraction .
Order backlogs were the biggest drag in December , dropping 17.2 points to 29.4 . That 's the lowest since May 2009 and marked the 11th-straight month in contraction . The last time such a sharp decline was registered was 1951 .
New orders also sank to the lowest level since May 2009 . That 's bad news for activity down the road .
Still , 55.1 % of survey respondents said they expect stronger demand in 2016 than in 2015 .
New radar equipment allows police officers to figure out what 's going on inside a person 's home , triggering concerns among privacy advocates .
The radar device gives law enforcement officers the power to detect even the slightest motion on the other side of a wall .
The device ( pictured below ) does not allow the user to literally see a person on the other side .
USA Today reports :
Those agencies , including the FBI and the U.S . Marshals Service , began deploying the radar systems more than two years ago with little notice to the courts and no public disclosure of when or how they would be used . The technology raises legal and privacy issues because the U.S. Supreme Court has said officers generally can not use high-tech sensors to tell them about the inside of a person 's house without first obtaining a search warrant . The radars work like finely tuned motion detectors , using radio waves to zero in on movements as slight as human breathing from a distance of more than 50 feet . They can detect whether anyone is inside of a house , where they are and whether they are moving . [ ... ] Agents ' use of the radars was largely unknown until December , when a federal appeals court in Denver said officers had used one before they entered a house to arrest a man wanted for violating their parole . The judges expressed alarm that agents had used the new technology without a search warrant , warning that `` the government 's warrantless use of such a powerful tool to search inside homes poses grave Fourth Amendment questions . ''
Judge Andrew Napolitano reacted on Fox Business Network , saying one would think that a search warrant would be needed for this type of intrusion .
Napolitano explained that the government argues no warrant is needed as long as no evidence gained from these devices is used in a prosecution .
They countered , though , that the Fourth Amendment protects against all intrusions by the government , not just criminal prosecutions .
Napolitano said that possible hostage situations are one of the reasons that the government will give on why this technology should be used .
`` Unfortunately that purpose goes away when they want to use it for other reasons . The Constitution prohibits fishing expeditions ! '' they said , expressing concern that once an exception is made for hostage situations , more and more exceptions will follow .
Napolitano added that if this technology is going to be used , our elected officials should at least get to vote on it , which has not happened .
`` We learned about this last week when a couple of ex-FBI agents happened to mention it to someone in the press , '' they said .
Watch their full analysis above and their answers to various scenarios posed by Stuart Varney .
This summer , a spate of new features are headed to Windows 10 by way of the Anniversary Update , Microsoft 's next major revision to the OS . Chief among the additions is Windows Ink , an experience specifically designed for digital pen users .
The full Ink experience is still months away—longer , if you wait on the fruits of Microsoft 's partnership with Wacom , which will reportedly yield a special Ink pen by the holidays . But thanks to the recent , massive Windows 10 Build 14322 that Microsoft released to its Insider beta testers , we 've had a chance to try out several aspects of Windows Ink , including Ink Workspace , Sketchpad , Sticky Notes , and more .
Click the new pen icon to launch the Windows Ink Workspace apps .
If you have n't actually worked with digital ink before , relax : Windows Ink is an optional way to interact with Windows , in much the same way you can use either voice or keyboard to query Cortana . Many of Microsoft 's existing applications already include pen support in some form or another : Clicking the stylus that 's attached to a Surface Pro 3 or Surface Pro 4 , for example , launches a pen-optimized version of Microsoft OneNote . With Ink , Microsoft is making the pen more central , presumably in an effort to convince consumers they need a pricey , pen-enabled Surface tablet rather than a cheaper , more traditional laptop . ( And let 's not forget about the pen-centric , $ 22,000 Surface Hub aimed at organizations ) .
The Ink Workspace : A Start menu for Ink
Nothing within Windows 10 insists that you should immediately begin inking , but you 'll probably notice a small icon in the lower-right corner of the screen . Click it ( using the mouse cursor is fine ) and you 'll launch the Windows Ink Workspace .
The Windows Ink Workspace puts pen-enabled Windows apps at the top , with more granular settings down below .
Think of this as a Start menu for Ink applications . You wo n't see any Live Tiles or other notifications in Ink Workspace , but there are several large landing areas to launch pen-specific applications . At this point , that includes Sticky Notes , Sketchpad , and Screen Sketch .
First , though , it 's worth visiting the Settings menu , where you can configure your digital pen properly . Clicking into the Settings menu via the link at the bottom of Ink Workspace takes you to the standard Bluetooth configuration screen . If you own a Surface Pro 4 , for example , chances are your pen is already paired and ready for use . Instead , use the left-hand rail and navigate to the Pen settings , which are far more useful .
If you 're a lefty , like I am , setting up your pen for left-handed use will affect the palm rejection and general performance of the pen . Several other toggles are optional : For example , you can have your device display a small cursor as your pen tip nears the screen . Or you can configure your PC to display a handwriting panel for ink input , instead of displaying a “ soft ” keyboard , when the keyboard is detached .
The Pen menu also lets you configure what happens when you click the “ eraser ” button on top of the stylus : Clicking it once launches OneNote by default , while double-clicking saves a screenshot . Holding it launches Cortana , so you can ask them a question . You can modify all these behaviors , if you so choose . One thing you ca n't configure , however , is the small , hidden secondary button on the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book stylus—it 's simply not represented in the Settings menu .
Returning to the Ink Workspace , you 'll notice a small array of icons for recently used apps at the bottom of the screen , as well as a link to pen-enabled apps within the Microsoft Store . Right now , the suggested apps are entirely weighted toward drawing , but more may be on the way .
Sketchpad : A richer Whiteboard
If you 're familiar with the Whiteboard interface used in Microsoft 's Surface Hub , you 'll likely notice the similarities in Windows 10 's Sketchpad app . ( That is , after you 've relaunched following the seemingly inevitable crash when Sketchpad is first opened . )
Both Sketchpad and Whiteboard skew toward minimalism : Whiteboard supports a pair of pens , a few digital ink colors , plus a “ lasso ” tool to move ink around . Sketchpad offers a few more options : You can choose from among a digital pencil , a pen , and a highlighter . Microsoft provides options to adjust the line widths and colors , and the ability to crop the image and share it , but that 's about it .
Windows Ink Sketchpad allows you a minimal number of pens and tools to illustrate your ideas .
Microsoft 's one nod to whimsy , the digital straight edge it showed off at Build , acts realistically . You can place the “ ruler ” and then draw , and if your stylus drifts below the edge the line will continue , straight as an arrow . Nevertheless , it 's just a hipster conceit that ignores the “ proper ” way to ink a line : Click once , extend the line to its endpoint , click again . Having to actually draw said line just seems silly , especially because if you accidentally extend that line just a bit too far your only option is to erase the entire line and start over . On the other hand , the French curve—which apparently will appear in a future update—seems far more worthwhile .
Mark Hachman I still like Microsoft 's Fresh Paint app for its realistic paint physics , but it 's far more complicated than Microsoft 's bare-bones ink apps .
At this point , the number of drawing apps accessible to Windows 10 users is almost humorous : There 's the classic Paint , of course , and my favorite app , Fresh Paint , which was added as part of Windows 8 . In some ways , OneNote offers you a richer experience , as you can annotate your own ink . Now there 's Sketchpad , and the Surface Hub 's Whiteboard app—and those are just the Microsoft-authored applications .
Screen Sketch : Sketchpad with a purpose
Like May of Microsoft 's applications , Screen Sketch simply repurposes one specific aspect of another app—in this case , Sketchpad , or else the digital inking capabilities of Microsoft Edge .
Windows Ink lets you annotate whatever is on your screen at the time .
Screen Sketch allows you to simply take a snapshot of your desktop and scrawl notes upon it , using the Sketchpad interface . It 's all extremely simple , with an implied workflow that consists of launching the app , writing something like “ See this ” or “ Here ” next to a circled block of text , then sharing it with a friend or colleague .
Sticky Notes : Bare-bones note-taking
As far as note-taking is concerned , I lean toward OneNote for the richest experience , and Google Keep when I just want to jot down a shopping list for the store . I 've never really seen the point of Sticky Notes , which have no apparent permanence and only clutter up your screen . With the new Windows Ink experience , you can simply replace your typed reminders with scrawled notes .
The out-of-focus perspective on Windows Ink 's Sticky Notes is kind of cool , but you ca n't really save or act on the note at this stage .
Fortunately , Microsoft appears to have a plan in place to enrich Sticky Notes over time . At its Build conference , Microsoft showed Sticky Notes that could recognize a jotted reminder , and transform it into an instruction to Cortana . I 'm intrigued by the capability , though not sure the average user will ever take advantage of this .
At this point , that 's all Windows Ink has to offer . But Microsoft plans to integrate inking more deeply into future revisions of Windows 10 , and in more subtle ways . One feature I 'm particularly interested in trying out is “ drawing ” a route in Maps , which will automatically calculate its distance . ( A paper route , for example . )
While still a work in progress , the Windows Ink suite of apps and utilities are part of Microsoft 's mission to change the way we interact with our PC—i.e . toting a Surface tablet around a workspace , rather than treating it like a traditional laptop . But Microsoft has spent decades tweaking and massaging apps for the traditional notebook and desktop , and far less time developing a user interface and purpose for pen-based computing . At this point , I 'd say that Windows Ink needs a bit more spit , polish , and feedback from users—exactly what the Windows 10 Insider program sets out to do .
A helicopter pilot in Western Australia has captured the moment nine crocodiles were caught feasting on the carcass of a dead humpback whale .
Pilot John French was flying over the Montgomery Reef in the Kimberly region when they spotted a very large object laying on the exposed sand .
When Mr French took their helicopter in for a closer look they realised the dark mass was the body of a huge humpback whale .
John French captured the moment nine crocodiles were caught feasting on the carcass of a dead humpback whale in Western Australia
Mr French was flying over the Montgomery Reef in the Kimberly region when they spotted the decaying animal
The pilot returned the next day with passengers on board to have another look and caught a feeding frenzy of crocodiles .
'When we got there we counted nine crocodiles , quite big at around three metres probably , and they were just tiny compared to this whale , which was maybe a medium sized humpback , not a juvenile but a bit older , ' Mr French told The Age .
Despite being three-metres long , the crocodiles appear tiny compared to the whale , which was exposed by slack tide .
Mr French said at least 14 crocodiles arrived to feast on the carcass as they flew closer
The smell of the decaying whale is believed to have attracted the crocodiles from across the reef
Mr French said at least 14 crocodiles arrived to feast on the carcass as they flew the Squirrel AS-350 closer .
The smell of the decaying whale is believed to have attracted the crocodiles from across the reef .
'Makes you wonder how many there really are hidden away , ' Mr French said .
'It 's very rare to see something like this . '
Camp loom , for making mats and mattresses from the 1911 edition of the Boy Scout Handbook
Through a circuitous bit of aimless interweb searching I came across a huge list of downloadable urban homesteading/gardening/survivalist manuals on a site called hardcorepreppers.com . Unfortunately , this site is so popular that it seems to be down every time I 've checked . But thanks to Google 's caching feature I was able to access a list of those documents . Here 's a curated set of just a few of those links ( through the letter “ f ” ) that I found interesting . I ca n't vouch for the reliability of any of this information but at least it 's entertaining . And if you have any other favorite free e-book sources please leave a link in the comments . At some point I 'll direct the Root Simple staff to add these and more to our resource page .
Food and Gardening
Bulk Sprouter
Bread Without an Oven
Building Soils for Better Crops
Colorado State University–Drying Vegetables
Collecting , Cutting and Handling Potato Seed
Everything Under The Sun : Food Storage for the Solar Oven
Medicine
Making Chinese Herbal Formulas Into Alcohol Extracts
The Ayurveda Encyclopedia Natural Secrets to Healing Prevention and Longevity
How to Make Cannabis Foods and Medicines
The Sacred Formulas of the Cherokees
Energy
Biogas
Biomass Stoves
Build your own Rocket Stove
Camp Stoves and Fireplaces
Transportation
Bicycle Know How
Zombie Apocalypse Skills ( or “ ZAS ” since everything associated with the zombie apocalypse needs an acronym )
50 Emergency Uses for Your Camera Phone
Map Reading and Land Navigation
Boy Scouts Handbook 1911 Edition
Bug out Bag
5 Ways to Win a Fight
Guerilla Warfare by Che Guevara
Cold Weather Survival
Field Expedient Direction Finding
Share this post
Many feared the United States ' role in space exploration was over after an accident took the lives of a second space shuttle crew in 2003 . After another long grounding of the shuttle fleet , flights restarted briefly but by 2011 the program was retired and no manned missions were on the horizon .
Prospects were dim .
But as the saying goes , necessity is the mother of invention . The pioneering American spirit soon ignited .
Individuals such as SpaceX 's Elon Musk and Amazon 's Jeff Bezos announced bold plans to build commercial spacecraft to return people to space . And NASA is investing in the research needed to get people to Mars within the next 20 years .
University of Central Florida researchers are working on a variety of current and future projects that will help get us to the red planet , including OSIRIS-REx . Many projects include the idea of turning asteroids into refueling stations that spacecraft on long trips could use . UCF is in the thick of making a trip to Mars a reality .
Two UCF professors are part the team that built and will operate NASA 's OSIRIS-REx , which is scheduled to launch in September from the Kennedy Space Center in a first-of-its kind American mission . The spacecraft will travel to asteroid Bennu and then use a robotic arm to retrieve samples . When discovered in 1999 , the asteroid came within 1.4 million miles from Earth , or about 5.7 times the average distance between Earth and the Moon . The name of this non-manned mission , OSIRIS-REx ( an acronym for Origins , Spectral Interpretation , Resource Identification , Security , Regolith Explorer , and the name of an early Egyptian god ) is also a step toward getting humans to Mars . UCF professor Humberto Campins , an international expert on asteroids who was among the first to discover water on asteroids , is a co-investigator on the mission .
After the spacecraft arrives at Bennu , it will begin gathering information about the asteroid and taking images of its surface as it orbits the asteroid . Campins , with support from UCF associate professor Yan Fernandez , will spend a year with the team gathering and analyzing the data and will then make recommendations about the specific target the spacecraft should scoop to get the best sample .
“ It 's an amazing time to be involved in space research , ” Campins said . “ The American people are excited about space exploration again and NASA and other countries are doing big things in terms of exploration , planetary defense , and science . ”
But why are asteroids of interest to NASA , commercial space companies and Mars enthusiasts ?
Asteroids are both hazards and resources . Some asteroids , including Bennu , have the potential to collide with Earth and cause global devastation , so it 's important to study them in case we need to deflect one . In addition , mining asteroids can be an important source of critical resources to space exploration and to Earth ; as such , asteroids will play a significant role in making a trip to Mars financially feasible .
The trip to Mars is a long one – up to two years round trip . And a spacecraft would have to haul several tons of fuel just to get there . More fuel would be needed to maneuver and land on the planet , and more fuel to lift off again and return home .
The weight of the fuel alone makes the trip with our current technology challenging . But what if there were refueling stations along the way ? That 's where asteroids and the two moons of Mars –Phobos and Deimos – come in . If we can convert the minerals and other raw materials on asteroids into fuel , then we could refuel on the way to and from Mars , reducing the need to carry all that heavy fuel . That means a cheaper trip , Campins said .
Sounds like sci-fi , but private companies and NASA are pouring millions of dollars to do the research and necessary engineering innovations to make it happen .
UCF professor Dan Britt and Florida Space Institute researcher Phillip Metzger have multiple contracts and grants with NASA and several private companies to take on each challenge from mining asteroids for fuel to setting up systems to 3-D print whatever is necessary once explorers land on other planets .
Britt is developing simulants for the surfaces of airless bodies– geek speak for asteroid and barren-planet surfaces . The companies want the “ fake asteroid material ” so they can develop the hardware and protocols necessary for mining on asteroids .
Metzger is working with a private company to develop a way to turn Martian soil into material that could be used for 3-D printing . That way , astronauts could take a printer to other planets , instead of the actual tons of tools needed , such as radiation protection and screwdrivers .
And entrepreneurs such as Musk and Bezos are already building and testing the spacecraft that will be needed to take astronauts to other planets .
Bezos is not only banking on getting people to space , he 's also diversifying by providing quick trips to space for scientists who are eager to get their experiments conducted in weightlessness .
Josh Colwell , a physics professor at UCF , had one experiment on the International Space Station that recently came back on a SpaceX rocket , another one currently on the ISS that was launched on an Orbital Sciences Corporation rocket , and another that flew aboard New Shepard , a new spacecraft designed by Bezos ' team . Colwell also has another experiment aboard the ISS that is specifically aimed at understanding asteroid surfaces for the Asteroid Retrieval Mission that NASA is evaluating .
“ Commercial space companies provide a great vehicle for scientists to get more of our experiments into space and back in a few days , ” Colwell said . “
Experimental results from commercial flights and information being sent back by spacecraft such as NASA 's Juno mission , which reached Jupiter on July 4 , and New Horizons which reached Pluto in 2014 are also helping provide valuable information to help prepare for a manned trip to Mars .
“ It 's a great time for space research , ” Colwell said . “ And this is just the beginning . ”
Three of the world 's top-four men 's tennis players may have recently pulled out of this year 's Rogers Cup in Toronto , but the sport 's top dog will assuredly be at the Aviva Centre .
So while Rogers Cup tournament director Karl Hale is lamenting the fact defending champion Andy Murray will not be in attendance along with all-time greats Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer , they are guaranteeing that world No . 1 Novak Djokovic will not be making a last-minute withdrawal .
“ I 've spoke with them over the past few days . He 's coming on Saturday , he 's made all of their arrangements , ” Hale told Bob McCown and Michael Grange on Prime Time Sports Tuesday . “ Practice time is going to be 5:00 Saturday and Sunday at 12 . We 're 100 per cent certain Novak will be on site and excited to go . ”
A 12-time Grand Slam winner , Djokovic comes to the Rogers Cup in hopes of capturing the event for a fourth time .
Djokovic is certainly a bright enough star to stand on their own but the other three that make up the sport 's “ Big Four ” would 've made the Rogers Cup one of the rare events where the top four players on the planet all convene at a tournament that is n't a major .
Knowing this , Hale is obviously disappointed but at the same time is understanding of each player 's individual circumstances .
“ [ Federer ] hurt himself , they had surgery earlier this year , they hurt themselves again playing Milos [ Raonic ] in the [ Wimbledon ] semis , so he 's still a bit banged up , ” Hale said . “ At 34 , almost 35 , he 's not feeling ready to go in Toronto . So they need more time to recover and practice continuing their season .
“ Andy 's a great supporter of our tournament . They came four years ago the day after winning the gold medal at home in London , so we understand their position . He 's exhausted right now , we understand that . ”
Even without the “ Big Four ” fully assembled , Hale believes their tournament has more than enough star power on its hands , particularly when it comes to players they think has what it takes to become the next great tennis superstar such as Kei Nishikori and Canada 's Raonic .
“ We 're so fortunate to have our very own Canadian Milos , who has the potential to be a No . 1 player , ” said Hale . “ Has all it takes : A great team , the discipline , has that cannon serve that nobody can seem to return so he 's definitely at the top of the list .
“ But then you have a whole host of others . You have Dominic Thiem who 's in the top-10 this year , you have Nishikori who is actually a No . 5 , ahead of Milos in the ranking , you have this kid Alexander Zverev , you have the controversial and really exciting [ Nick ] Kyrgios , who will be here . ”
Raonic made their first-ever Grand Slam final at Wimbledon earlier this month , falling to Murray in straight sets .
If one was to judge Fox 's Women 's World Cup coverage based on the viewership numbers through the group stage of the tournament , the event has been an unqualified success . Last Friday 's U.S.-Sweden match drew 4.5 million viewers , the most-watched Women 's World Cup group stage game ever and the most-watched soccer match in Fox history ( topping the 2011 Champions League Final between Barcelona and Manchester United that drew 2.6 million viewers ) .
USA vs. Sweden , which peaked from 9:30–9:45 p.m . ET with 6.4 million viewers , now ranks as the fourth most-watched women 's soccer match of all-time behind the 1999 USA-China WWC Final ( 17.975 million viewers ) , the 2011 WWC Final between Japan and the U.S. ( 13.458 million ) and the Brazil-USA semifinal in 1999 ( 4.924 million ) . Through the first seven days of the 2015 WWC , Fox had averaged 998,000 viewers across its networks , up 47 % over what ESPN did in 2011 ( 678,000 viewers ) .
• 2015 Women 's World Cup schedule : All the games in Canada
So that part of the story is very good . On the production end , Fox 's game coverage and feature work has been excellent . The various sets Fox has used have the look of something viewers would see at an Olympics . The announcing teams have been strong , with standout work from the announcing team of Jenn Hildreth and Kyndra de St. Aubin .
“ I think we have actually exceeded our collective expectations , ” said David Neal , the executive producer for Fox 's Women 's World Cup coverage , by phone on Monday . “ We have treated this like the big event that it is and we have even elevated it in perception for the American audience . It has a big-time feel , which is what we committed to doing from the outset . ''
Neal said one of the specific places where the coverage has exceeded their expectations was inside the stadiums , thanks in large part to the images provided by the Host Broadcast Services ( HBS ) , which produces all matches in HD for the host broadcasters . Pre-match arrivals and post-match images are provided by HBS and those have been a useful commodity for Fox , which like all broadcasters has the option to use or not . ( For instance , Fox stayed on-air after Colombia 's win over France for the celebration and dejection shots . )
Where Fox 's game coverage has been excellent , the studio coverage has fallen short from what ESPN gave viewers for the 2014 Men 's World Cup and the 2011 Women 's World Cup . On that end , I was very critical of the dismissive comments made by studio analysts Leslie Osborne and Eric Wynalda regarding the Outside The Lines report on Hope Solo . The on-camera group for Fox that day came off as little more than auxiliary PR for Solo and U.S. Soccer . How did Neal view that ?
“ I think it is case of perception versus reality , ” Neal said . “ The first point I would make is we covered the press conference of [ U.S. coach ] Jill Ellis and Carli Lloyd live start to finish . Secondly , if you have spent anytime with our analysts , you 'd know that we are not going to put words in their mouth . We provided a live forum for our announcers to express their opinions . A lot of the opinions you heard were based on them having player mindsets , and if you look at them through the lens of player getting ready to start the most important event in your sport , that 's how you filter it out . I think that 's what you heard from Leslie and Eric . But on our show that day you also heard Ari [ analyst Ariane Hingst ] say that if this were the German team , Hope would not have a place on that team . So we offered up a range of opinions and the one consistent thing about them was that they were all genuine . ”
• WAHL : Nigeria 's homosexuality policy surfaces prior to clash with U.S .
( Note : Monica Gonzalez , Ariane Hingst ( Germany ) and Kelly Smith ( England ) have accounted themselves well . So have hosts Kate Abdo ( England ) and Rob Stone ( U.S. ) , as well as analyst Alexi Lalas ( U.S. ) .
While I have no doubt those opinions were genuine , as I wrote , it speaks to whom the analysts are beholden to first and foremost , and I 'd contend that Fox could use some more independent American voices on its studio set with zero ties to U.S. Soccer . I asked Neal how they viewed the thesis that their studio group was too aligned with U.S. Soccer as opposed to being more down the middle on issues .
“ I could not disagree more , ” Neal said . “ Putting aside our international players , without exception , every one of our former U.S. players have questioned tactics the [ U.S. ] coaching staff has used , questioned lineups and selection of player groupings . None of our former U.S. players has done anything but speak their mind and been more than willing to criticize the team when warranted . I reject the notion that we are somehow pro-U.S. Soccer . ”
( Note : Give full marks to Neal and Fox Sports PR for answering the questions . I 'm still waiting for ESPN to make executive vice president Marie Donoghue available to interested readers on the topic of Bill Simmons and The Undefeated . )
Like myself , Neal viewed the 0–0 draw with Sweden as creating more interest in the U.S. team heading forward . “ The audience for that game not only stayed with us , but it built every quarter-hour , ” Neal said . Normally , this would result in bigger numbers for the U.S.-Nigeria game on Tuesday night ( Fox , 8 p.m . ET ) but that match will be hurt by the NBA Finals game starting one hour later on ABC .
“ There 's not a thing you can do about it anyway and what you have to do in a long-running event like this is focus on what you can control , and we are focusing on making sure that we have absolute complete coverage of all aspects of U.S.-Nigeria , ” Neal said . “ Whatever the NBA Finals impacts on it , so be it . Who knows ? Maybe we will impact our friends at the NBA and take some audience from them . I do n't think that is an unreasonable thought . ”
If the U.S. wins Group D , it 'll play a Round of 16 match against a third-place team in Edmonton on June 22 . Finishing second in the group likely means a trip to Moncton on June 21 . Neal said broadcaster performance in the opening round and geography would have a role in choosing the knockout-round assignments , which they hope to conclude by Wednesday night . One thing is for certain : The team of JP Dellacamera-Cat Whitehill-Tony DiCicco will do all U.S. games and likely get the World Cup Final as well .
NOISE REPORT
SI.com examines some of the biggest sports media stories of the week .
1 . The top-rated markets for the U.S. WWC matches , according to Fox :
1 . Washington D.C .
2 . Richmond
3 . St. Louis
4 . Baltimore
5 . Hartford
6 . Milwaukee
7 . Providence
8 . Kansas City
9 . Dayton
T10 . Las Vegas
10 . Los Angeles
10 . Norfolk
10 . Philadelphia
1a . Neal said they viewed ESPN 's Outside The Lines dropping its story about Solo on the eve of Fox 's coverage as “ their editorial decision. ” They said outlets had to pay attention to it and react given “ OTL 's credible history of reporting . ”
2 . Fox had 60 player features for the World Cup in the bag prior to the start of the WWC , and Neal said that the network is continuing to add more during the tournament . The final number of features will be around 75 , and given Fox has a partnership with TSN , look for this terrific TSN piece on women 's soccer inside Brazil 's favelas to air on Fox during its coverage .
3 . Fox WWC analyst Alexi Lalas offered strong comments about Connecticut senator Richard Blumenthal issuing a letter to U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati last week , urging the organization to conduct a thorough investigation into allegations made against USWNT goalkeeper Hope Solo : “ I do n't doubt that the senator takes the issue of domestic violence seriously , as we all do , ” Lalas said . “ In this case , this is a politician grandstanding and using the platform and the opportunity for a big media story at a time when the World Cup is on everybody 's mind to inject themselves into the situation . ”
• Plea deal : Chuck Blazer acted as FBI informant , forfeited nearly $ 2 million
3a . And here 's Lalas on Abby Wambach 's comments that the U.S. team would have more goals in the Women 's World Cup if it were being played on grass : “ It 's weak . It 's completely weak and irritating to be quite honest … To blame the turf for them not scoring goals is ridiculous ... If they are pulling punches , that is a problem . That is a problem for the United States . And if the United States does not win the World Cup , I hate to break it to you , Abby , but it 's not going to be because of artificial surface . ”
4 . SiriusXM hired soccer Hall of Famer Michelle Akers as an analyst for its coverage of the Women 's World Cup on SiriusXM 's 24/7 soccer channel , SiriusXM FC ( channel 94 ) . Akers and former Rutgers University women 's head coach Glenn Crooks are hosting World Cup Now , a pre- and postgame show that airs before and after every U.S. women 's national team game . SiriusXM is simulcasting Fox Sports 's live play-by-play of every Woman 's World Cup match from the group stage through the final on July 5 in Vancouver .
5 . For those who want a quick primer of Fox 's coverage of the U.S. Open golf championships , the first golf major ever aired by Fox , I compiled some notes after talking to announcers and executives and sitting in on a Fox Sports golf conference call last week .
• Meet the USWNT 23 : The USA 's 2015 Women 's World Cup team
5a . The Patriot League and CBSSports signed an extension in which the network will air Patriot League men 's and women 's basketball and men 's lacrosse as well as a variety of other sports . The deal provides for a minimum of 24 total live events in each year of the agreement .
5b . The Boston Globe sports columnist Kevin Paul Dupont agrees with the suggestion by NBC Sports Chairman Mark Lazarus that hockey players should shave their beards during the Stanley Cup postseason .
5c . The latest SI Media Podcast features Joe Buck , the lead broadcaster for Fox Sports 's coverage of Major League Baseball , the NFL and the U.S. Open golf championship , and ESPN baseball writer and editor Christina Kahrl .
5d . Next week ESPN Radio 's SVP & Russillo show will formally change its name to The Russillo Show .
VFE Pedals is a boutique effects pedal company located in Tacoma , WA . VFE Pedals specializes in hand-made , compact , versatile , affordable , and great sounding effects pedals . VFE founder Peter Rutter also teaches math , circuit and speaker design at IDEA high school .
The VFE story
While VFE Pedals officially started in January 2010 , it took a few years to change from a personal hobby to a full-fledged business . I first learned how to play guitar just after high school in 1998 . For the first 8 years , I only played acoustic guitar , but learning the play the electric guitar has literally changed my life ! I became an instant pedal freak , trying out different pedals like they were candy , and finally discovered B.Y.O.C . in March 2008 . As a math major and physics minor , I was immediately familiar with circuits and learned very quickly . I put out my first pedals on eBay only a few months later . I had spent countless hours building & modifying the circuits , and in the end , I barely broke even ! But I was hooked ...
Several months later I had the silly idea to offer a fully customized pedal building service , which I advertised on eBay . I quickly discovered why no one else did this , as I worked long hours for little pay -- I calculated it to be less than $ 1 an hour on some pedals . I decided that I needed to teach myself how to design printed circuit boards if I were to continue building pedals . My very first design was called the Proto OD , and it was a simple , stripped-down version of a Tubescreamer with an added “ FAT ” control . I sold 25 of them for about $ 50- $ 60 on eBay . Over the next year , I developed many new effects and refined several circuits , laying the framework for the compact 6-control layout that VFE is known for . I was doing all this while working full-time as a high school math teacher and working on my Master 's in Teaching .
Sometimes the best opportunities come out of misfortune . When my brother lost their job in the fall of 2009 , they began to help me build more pedals than I could before . Without their help , VFE Pedals would not exist . VFE stands for “ VonRutter Family Effects ” , as this company was born out of the labor and support of my family .
My expectation was that in a few years it would grow enough to be my full time job . However , my wife and I were compelled to learn to live a more flexible & generous lifestyle , rather than have all my time consumed in teaching . I stepped away from a teaching position I held for five wonderful years in order to build this business long before I expected too . At that time VFE was merely a hobby and provided zero income , so this was a huge risk . My last paycheck from teaching came in early September , and we did n't have many savings to live off of . VFE did not turn a profit all summer , but September was a huge success , right when we needed it to be , and provided enough income to pay our bills and continue to expand VFE Pedals .
After six years of designing and building pedals full time , I have returned to full time teaching at IDEA , an innovative high school in Tacoma . This transition has scaled VFE way down - which gave me the opportunity to use everything I 've learned to create a new , simpler product line that is better in every way .
Thank you for your support of VFE Pedals over the years ! I look forward to the next chapter in this journey .
Peter Rutter
peter @ vfecustom.com
Scott Walker 's timely abortion victory On the eve of their presidential announcement , the Wisconsin governor gets a political gift .
Wisconsin Republicans gift-wrapped an Iowa talking point for Gov . Scott Walker this week , sending abortion restrictions to their desk just days ahead of their presidential announcement .
The legislation , which would ban nearly all abortions after 20 weeks , cleared the state Assembly Thursday on a party-line vote , four days before the governor intends to launch their presidential bid . Walker has indicated that he 'll sign the measure .
Story Continued Below
Walker 's win on the issue comes as he 's introducing themselves to Iowa Republicans , who tend to favor social conservative candidates in their first-in-the-nation caucuses . It also comes amid questions Walker has faced on the right about their commitment to conservative causes , like opposing same-sex marriage and limiting abortions .
Prominent anti-abortion advocates and social conservatives signaled that Walker 's signature on the measure , which could come as early as Friday , would be a welcome gesture to kick off their campaign .
“ Those things will basically give them that Good Housekeeping Seal , so to speak , ” said Bob Vander Plaats , president of the Family Leader , an influential conservative group in Iowa .
“ I think it 's great timing to benefit him , ” added Marilyn Musgrave , a former member of congress and a leader of the conservative Susan B. Anthony List .
Twenty-week abortion bans have been enacted in 11 states , according to the Guttmacher Institute , though in at least two — Arizona and Idaho — they 've been struck down by courts . Proponents contend the bans are meant to prevent abortions after the point at which an unborn baby can feel pain .
Abortion rights advocates – backed up by the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists – contend that the science on pain does n't justify the 20-week cutoff . The bill awaiting Walker 's signature makes no exception for babies conceived by rape or incest , but it does allow doctors to act — while attempting to save the life of the baby — if any immediate health risks to the mother arise .
Republican leaders in Madison insisted the bill 's timetable had nothing to do with Walker 's ambitions . Yet , after Walker first publicly supported a 20-week ban in March , the legislature raced the bill to the governor 's desk using a series of procedural shortcuts , from an expedited hearing process to an “ extraordinary ” July session of the Assembly to ensure the bill got to Walker ahead of their July 13 announcement .
State Sen. Mary Lazich , a Republican who said they used to carpool with Walker in the 1990s when Walker was in the Assembly , told POLITICO they led the drive for the measure – knowing that Walker would support it but without explicitly coordinating with their office , though they said it did occasionally come up in conversation .
“ We 're on the same wavelength , the same plane , ” they said .
State Rep. Jesse Kremer , who sponsored an identical bill in the Assembly , acknowledged that legislative leaders may have sped up the timetable , though they said they are n't privy to any machinations on Walker 's behalf . They added , however , that Walker 's sudden interest in the legislation seemed like a shift .
“ A year ago , they actually are n't really interested in something like this and they changed their mind , ” Kremer said . “ We probably would n't have brought it up if we knew they would n't [ sign it ] . ”
Walker has repeatedly pointed to their efforts to crack down on abortion — from defunding Planned Parenthood to requiring women to receive ultrasounds before undergoing the procedure to toughening requirements for doctors who perform abortions — as they inch closer to a presidential bid . But conservatives were angered last year when , in the midst of a tight re-election fight , Walker aired an ad calling a woman 's decision on abortion “ agonizing . And they borrowed language from abortion rights advocates in their message : “ The bill leaves the final decision to a woman and their doctor . ”
“ I did n't like the ad . You 're using the other side 's garbage and it 's not helpful , ” said Penny Nance , president of Concerned Women for America , a conservative policy group .
Yet Nance said Walker 's position on abortion was never in doubt . Though they and other conservatives still have issues with some of Walker 's advisers who do n't hail from the most conservative corners of the party , they say the governor has taken more steps to curb abortion than just about anyone else in the GOP field . The 20-week ban , Nance said , would just be additional confirmation .
“ We 're thrilled and happy that he 's going to do this , ” they said . “ This is policy whose time has come . ”
A notable apartment building in Clayton will meet the wrecking ball this month . Located at 15 Lee Avenue , tucked against the parking garage that once served the Famous Barr department store , the 1939 Art Deco apartment building was cleared of tenants at the end of 2013 . There are no immediate plans to build on the lot that currently holds 36 apartments .
nextSTL is told that the building has severe problems with its heating system in addition to plumbing and electrical problems , but the extent of the challenge is unclear . The building had been well maintained , and windows were replaced within the past two years . With its demolition , Clayton is set to lose yet another place of character and interest . And it very well may be the first of many big changes on the immediate horizon .
The building that houses World News and adjacent storefronts are going to raze when the long planned Montgomery Bank tower moves forward . The Guild Building , and other modest scale offices will likely make way for The Crossing , a proposed mixed-use tower .
{ World News and adjacent storefronts at Central and Forsyth are likely short lived }
{ the Guild Building would make way for the mixed use The Crossing tower }
It 's an interesting time for Clayton as city planning calls for more residential and office density , but it appears little attention is being paid to what 's being lost . There 's little sign to date of much interest on the part of the city or residents to preserve or prioritize the retention of more human scale development . Even the block of North Central Avenue north of Forsyth , home to perhaps the most eclectic and vibrant commercial strip in downtown Clayton is one-forth vacant after a large hotel development stalled .
Today we reported on the proposal to raze the Maryland School building and build 45 town homes . The nearly adjacent demolition of 15 Lee Avenue leaves only a handful of storefronts along Forsyth to be demolished in order to create a large development site . In addition , Washington University 's expansive West Campus is said to be quietly on the market . Across the street , several acres of vacant land adjacent to the Ritz Carlton and Forsyth MetroLink station sit empty . While there does n't appear to be significant development pressure in Clayton , judging by the amount of high value land remaining vacant for years , it 's clear that the city 's identity may be changing , if and when development comes .
{ 15 Lee in yellow , Maryland School Town Homes in red , WUSTL 's West Campus in green }
{ on North Central , the buildings to the right have been vacant for several years }
{ this former bank on Forsyth at Lee Avenue is slated for demolition }
{ the Clayton-Forsyth building is likely to be lost to demolition }
Netflix continues to invite you to the # NetflixFYSee events hosted throughout this year 's Emmy season . This upcoming week will feature titles such as Master of None ( 6/1 ) , 13 Reasons Why ( 6/2 ) , and Stranger Things ( 6/6 ) . Each of these events will feature a conversation with the stars and creators of the shows .
On Thursday , June 1 , # NetflixFYSee invites you to join Master of None 's Aziz Ansari ( co-creator/writer/director/star ) , Alan Yang ( co-creator/writer/director ) , and Eric Wareheim ( co-star/director ) . The Emmy award-winning comedy series , Master of None , is riding high on the esteemed approval , from a number of trades , with the recent launch of its second season .
New to the entertainment scene , 13 Reasons Why , is already creating many waves . Not only in the entertainment industry , but in a larger , cultural context as a whole , due to its unique storytelling angle and breakout ensemble cast . Take part in this cultural phenomenon on Friday , June 2 with special guests Brian Yorkey ( creator/EP ) , Tom McCarthy ( director/EP ) , and stars Dylan Minnette , Katherine Langford , and Kate Walsh .
SAG award winning title for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series , Stranger Things , has been a major hit in the past year and next Tuesday 's event is shaping up to be no exception . The June 6th event will feature the lovable cast : Millie Bobby Brown , Caleb McLaughlin , Gaten Matarazzo , David Harbour , Noah Schnapp , Finn Wolfhard , Shawn Levy ( EP ) and creators Matt and Ross Duffer .
All guild professionals are invited to these events . Please RSVP at :
FYSEEMASTEROFNONERSVP @ SWISHERPRODUCTIONS.COM for Master of None .
FYSEE13REASONSWHYRSVP @ SWISHERPRODUCTIONS.COM for 13 Reasons Why .
FYSEESTRANGERTHINGSRSVP @ SWISHERPRODUCTIONS.COM for Stranger Things .
Each event will take place at 8 pm at the Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills with a panel discussion immediately following .
Justin Schultz , one of college hockey 's best players , intends to leave the University of Wisconsin and could hit the open market in 30 days , according to multiple reports .
The Anaheim Ducks , if Schultz indeed does leave school , would have 30 days of exclusive negotiations with the defenseman . If that does n't work out—and the sides have failed to agree on a deal since the Ducks took Schultz in the second round of the 2008 NHL draft—Schultz would be able to sign with any other team on July 1 .
Both the Ducks and Schultz 's agent did not respond to TSN.ca 's attempts to contact them .
The Vancouver Canucks , as noted by Thomas Drance at Canucks Army , are one of the teams expected to make a run at the British Columbia native if they do n't sign with Anaheim . Schultz ( 6-2 , 185 pounds ) led all NCAA defensemen in scoring for the second straight season .
Another team viewed as a potential destination for Schultz is the Edmonton Oilers , who have talented young forwards like Ryan Nugent-Hopkins , Taylor Hall and Jordan Eberle , but are a disaster defensively . They 'd benefit greatly from Schultz 's ability to lead a power play , as well .
Corey Pronman of Hockey Prospectus ranked Schultz as the 10th best NHL prospect in January .
`` Schultz looks filthy good every shift they take for Wisconsin and they clearly do n't belong in college anymore , '' wrote Pronman . `` His ability to make plays at both ends and control the game is pretty high end . ''
Mike Eaves , Schultz 's college coach , has seen several high-end defensemen come through Madison , including Toronto 's Jake Gardiner and Detroit 's Brendan Smith . In April , they told Oilers Nation that Schultz has offensive `` magic '' that 's easy to notice , including the ability to jump into the rush and put shots on net , and added that they have improved their strength and defensive positioning skills .
`` His skating ability ; their ability with the puck , both puck handing , both shooting the puck ; and then their vision of the ice , they have got the whole package in terms of skills , '' Eaves said . `` Every day in practice , you can almost bet that they are going to be your hardest working player . ''
Corky Miller added to Dayton Dragons ' coaching staff
Former Reds catcher Corky Miller will serve on the Dayton Dragons ' coaching staff again in 2016 . ( Photo : The Enquirer/Gary Landers )
Former Reds catcher Corky Miller , a fan favorite for years in the majors and minors , has been added to the Dayton Dragons ' coaching staff for the 2015 season .
Miller joins manager Jose Nieves , pitching coach Tom Browning , and hitting coach Luis Bolivar on the Single-A Dragons ' staff .
Miller also will visit other Reds ' affiliates in a catching instructor role in 2015 , according to the team .
More from a release from the Dragons :
Miller completed a 17-year professional playing career in 2014 . On August 31 , 2014 , they became the first player in the history of the Triple-A Louisville Bats to have their number retired by the club . They are the Bats all-time career leader in games played , first appearing in a game with Louisville in 2001 .
Miller spent parts of 11 years in the Major Leagues , mostly with the Reds . They also played for the Braves , White Sox , Twins , and Red Sox . They made their big league debut with the Reds in 2001 and played in their final Major League game in 2013 at age 37 , becoming the oldest Reds player to start a game at catcher since 1951 . They were originally signed by the Reds as an undrafted free agent in 1998 .
`` We are excited to transition Corky Miller onto our Minor League coaching staff in 2015 , '' said Jeff Graupe , Reds Director of Player Development . `` Corky will be based out of Dayton and will split their time working with the Dragons and roving around our system developing our catchers . As a player , Corky was well known throughout the game as a terrific defensive catcher with outstanding fundamentals and quality relationships with their pitchers . They will be a tremendous asset for our young catchers to learn from . ''
Miller 's Career Highlights :
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500 . Delivery : Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Hit two home runs in one game for Reds vs. Cubs on October 3 , 2001 , their first year in the Major Leagues .
Notched what turned out to be the only stolen base of their big league career when they stole home on September 27 , 2001 vs. Philadelphia . They became the first Reds catcher to steal home since Johnny Bench in 1976 .
Selected to play in the Midwest League All-Star Game in 1999 as a member of the Rockford club , which relocated to Dayton the following year .
Voted the `` player you want most in your clubhouse '' and `` player who will make the best future manager '' in a poll of the Southern League in 2000 by USA Today Baseball Weekly .
Enjoyed their best Minor League season in 2001 when they batted .309 with 16 home runs and 70 RBI over 103 games with Chattanooga and Louisville .
Made the Reds opening day roster in 2004 and 2005 . Made the White Sox opening day roster in 2009 .
Spent parts of 14 consecutive seasons in the Triple-A International League from 2001-2014 .
The Dragons will open their 16th season in the Midwest League on April 9 at West Michigan and open their home season at Fifth Third Field on April 12 vs. South Bend . For information on season tickets , luxury suite rentals , and group outings , call ( 937 ) 228-2287 .
Read or Share this story : http : //cin.ci/1C0PKe0
I find myself in an interesting position I honestly never expected . The ZNN Translation Team is phenomenal , and the fandom just keeps pumping out comics like there 's no tomorrow . This applies to both comics in foreign languages and those originally written in English . So right now , we have more comics than we know what to do with .
Which is fantastic ! Keep it up !
To help address this seemingly insatiable desire for comics ( which I share with all of you ) , we 're going to start combining 2-3 single-page comics into one post . Larger comics will still get their own , so do n't worry about that .
So , to kick this off , we have 3 comics by あさやみのる ( @ Asayaminoru ) ! They 're essentially the comic equivalent of one-shot stories , and they 're all very amusing in their own right . Thank you Asayaminoru for making them , thank you LMAbacus for translating , and thank you gfcwfzkm for editing them !
Check out the links to the originals on pixiv and get the translated versions after the break ! And as always , read from right-to-left !
WAVE OF THE FUTURE : Title IX Suit Filed Against University of Oregon On Behalf of Male Students .
Former Eugene City Councilor Kevin Hornbuckle has filed a civil rights complaint on behalf of three University of Oregon students who were kicked off the basketball team in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations .
Hornbuckle said they submitted their Title IX complaint against the UO on Monday through the website of the Office of Civil Rights of the U.S. Department of Education .
“ The basic problem is that rape accusations are effectively forever , ” Hornbuckle said Tuesday . “ And the University of Oregon as well as the media have gravely harmed these three players , probably for the rest of their lives . ”
In failing to defend the three players , and by “ publicly impugning their character and morals , ” the UO administration “ participated in generating a climate of hysteria , ” Hornbuckle wrote in their complaint .
A 25-year-old Oregon mom has been found guilty of murder after they beat their 4-year-old son to death because they thought they were gay .
Zachary Dutro-Boggess died in August of 2012 after their mother , Jessica Dutro , beat them so badly that their intestines tore .
It took the jury less than an hour to render a guilty verdict on all charges .
The woman 's boyfriend , 25-year-old Brian Canady , also beat the boy but pleaded guilty to lesser charges of manslaughter and assault and agreed to testify against Dutro . In return , prosecutors dropped four counts of murder by child abuse and a count of second-degree assault .
The woman had previously told their boyfriend that they were worried that Zachary might be gay because “ he walks and talks like it . Ugh. ” They then asked Canady to “ work on Zachary . ”
According to authorities , the woman also beat their other two children , but no one quite as bad as Zachary .
The woman 's daughter told detectives that their mother and their boyfriend hit and punched the boy “ until they got dead . ”
Even though the boy had torn intestines , the couple did not seek out medical help . According to their daughter , Zachary had stopped breathing but they did n't tell anyone .
By the time Dutro brought their son to a hospital , Dr. Danny Leonhardt , who examined the boy , said “ he was essentially dead . ”
According to the doctor , the contents of their intestines had spilled out into their body over the previous two days , causing a lethal infection . The doctor also noted that the bruising on the boy 's body suggested a pattern of prolonged abuse .
The doctors also took the woman 's three-year-old son to be examined and found that the boy had five broken ribs .
Story highlights At least 11 people injured near London 's Natural History Museum
Police say crash into pedestrians `` not a terrorist-related incident ''
( CNN ) A man arrested in a London car collision that injured at least 11 people has been released and is under investigation .
The 47-year-old man was arrested on `` suspicion of dangerous driving '' after a car jumped the pavement and hit pedestrians near London 's Natural History Museum Saturday , London 's Metropolitan Police said . The incident is not terrorist-related , police said .
Eleven people were treated at the scene , mostly for leg and head injuries , with nine transported to a hospital , according to the London Ambulance Service .
`` The majority of those injured have now been discharged , and there are no serious injuries , '' police said in a statement Sunday .
The Natural History Museum is in the bustling section of South Kensington , popular with both Londoners and tourists . The area was cordoned off Saturday by heavily armed police , according to video posted on social media . Helicopters buzzed overhead as ambulances rushed to the scene on Exhibition Road .
Read More
Well , that did n't take long . Only two days ago , Marvelous Europe and XSEED Games ( also known as Marvelous USA ) confirmed to Niche Gamer that Senran Kagura 2 : Deep Crimson was making its way to both North Americans and Europeans . Now , we 're already seeing the outcry from puritans who simply do n't want the game to exist , or at least not in its current form .
First we have Swedish game critic Kerstin Alex who is reportedly critical to “ game developers who make entertainment out of objectification , ” most especially when “ there are no obvious elements of parody , satire , or a deeper message. ” It gets interesting when Kerstin says that it 's “ very unfashionable to make games that mostly focus on bumping female breasts. ” Finally , Kerstin closes with a plea against both Sony and Nintendo approving the Senran Kagura games to both the Playstation Network , and the Nintendo eShop , making a point in Senran Kagura : Bon Appétit ! being released only a few months ago . Kerstin puts a focus on the bonus scenes in the game , which feature naked women lying about , covered in chocolate sauce , etc . Kerstin says that it 's regrettable that both developers want to make this kind of game , and that console giants accept it and , finally , that people buy it . It 's worth mentioning that Kerstin says , “ Nintendo has a responsibility to stop products of this kind . ”
Next up , we have a poster over on the Marvelous USA forums , who seems to be a lot more critical of the series and its content . “ Sexualizing Of Children , Objectification Of Women Etc In Senran Kagura , ” reads the thread title . “ You think it 's OK to do anything in fiction ? Would you think it would be OK to make a racist game ? No ? Then why is it OK to make a sexist game ? Why do you think it 's OK to treat women like this ? ” writes forum user SaraKollin . “ Also , sexualization of children . We all know very well that most of the cast in Senran Kagura are underaged girls . I know XSEED removed their ages [ … ] but we can still plainly see how old they are in the Japanese version which is identical otherwise . And while I do n't look up the very worst the series has to offer , just look at this ( she links an image of Mirai wearing nothing but a bra and panties ) . ”
They go on to again ask if fans of the Senran Kagura games would be okay with a “ racist ” game , and finishes off their strawman by saying she 's “ not calling people here sexists and pedophiles , but I 'm saying the series do attract this kind of people on purpose . ”
Stepping aside from these completely insane , regressive thoughts , let me pour some reason into your head . We 've talked about censorship and controversial source material here a lot on Niche Gamer . You could say our website is very anti-censorship , but is there a line ? At what point do we keep allowing things which tip-toe on the edge of what is socially acceptable ? It seems like pedophilia , pubescent teens , rape , and baseless murder are where our Western cultures draw the line . It 's a very hard thing to pin-point and find a stance that everyone , if not at least the majority of cultures , might agree on .
We could have a long discussion here about the difference of beauty standards in the west vs. the east , the tolerance of violence and sexuality in different cultures ( which you can read more about here ) , but ultimately I think we can all sit down and agree on one universal truth : creators , in this case a team of creators , are enabled to create what they wish , as we mostly live in societies that embrace freedom of speech , and therefore freedom of expression . The issue here , is whatever they create is not exempt from criticism , and this is where we butt heads .
I 've written quite a bit about how I grow tired of games that get a pass simply because they embrace hyper violence over sexuality , love , and empathy , or how gameplay mechanics are almost universally centered around the art of killing , both cute and savage . I like to think I 'm more on the side of wanting more games that show human sensuality , empathy , and sexuality—as these are things we can at least ( in my opinion ) feel a real connection with . Seeing people ask for games like Senran Kagura to not only be censored but to not exist is an insult to my intelligence .
If you 've actually played the Senran Kagura games , you would have found that each of the girls are not only written pretty well , the story itself is quite fun to follow . The hilarious irony is that passersby will simply see giant flopping tits attached to doe-eyed anime girls , while fans of the series will learn what makes each girl tick , both the good and the bad . I 'll be honest , I went into the series with that exact same assumption , but I was proven wrong very quickly because I gave the games a chance .
If we start censoring or banning one particular thing to make one particular person or group of people happy , it opens the path for anything else to be censored or banned . The beauty of living in a free society like the United States is that we can buy things like Senran Kagura , Hitler 's Mein Kampf , or any of the books by L. Ron Hubbard off Amazon , without fear of them being censored or unavailable to us due to cultural laws . There 's also another debate over games being the subject to harsh criticism due to being a newer form of media , but that 's grounding for another editorial .
The people who want to stop games like Senran Kagura from existing , or in their current form , are the ones who simply wish for the United States to be like North Korea or China , where every piece of media has to be approved by a cultural committee , lest it gets banned in the country and the only way to get it is via smuggling or the black market . We have rating boards that can help the uneducated parents get themselves quickly informed of a games content , while also keeping content sold in stores ( digital and retail ) somewhat in check , although sadly most parents still buy their pre-pubescent child a copy of Grand Theft Auto V .
All I 'm asking for is some understanding , and hopefully some tolerance , from these people . Please , before you go screaming about how this game offends you , how you want it to be censored or banned , try to understand why people might like it ?
Stop the ignorance , stop the misinformation , the public smearing of a series that makes a lot of people happy . Stop bringing us closer and closer to having games banned in stores nationwide , simply because of a petition saying you do n't like it .
The woman who has spoken for John Tory since the 2014 election campaign is handing the mayoral megaphone to a former Toronto Sun city hall reporter . Amanda Galbraith , Tory 's amiable 33-year-old communications director and their frequent shadow at public events , is leaving to become a principal at Navigator Ltd. , Canada 's best-known crisis communications firm .
Amanda Galbraith was in charge of communications during John Tory 's 2014 mayoralty campaign and became their communications director when they were elected . ( Twitter )
They will be replaced by Don Peat who covered Rob Ford 's chaotic mayoralty for the Toronto Sun and the early days of Tory 's administration . Peat starts Dec. 5 and Galbraith finishes Dec. 16 , midway through Tory 's four-year term . The change comes as Tory is set to oversee a shuffle of councillor appointments to key committees that will shape debate in the term 's back half . Before the 2014 election Galbraith worked in the offices of then-prime minister Stephen Harper and then-cabinet minister John Baird , and later at Playbook Communications . After defending Tory against attacks from Doug Ford and Olivia Chow during the bruising 10-month campaign , they left Playbook , which was bought by Navigator , to join their staff .
Article Continued Below
On CityTV 's Breakfast Television last week , Tory joked of Galbraith , who had signaled that they had to wrap up their appearance on the show : “ She 's my boss . Well , actually my real boss is my wife but then she 's my other boss. ” Galbraith replied : “ Only sometimes. ” Galbraith is expected to help plan for , and work on , Tory 's October 2018 re-election bid . They will work in Navigator 's issues management practice and help expand the municipal affairs practice across Canada . The firm chaired is well-known for its work helping companies and public figures , including former attorney general Michael Bryant and , briefly , broadcaster Jian Ghomeshi . Chris Eby , Tory 's chief of staff , spent four years at Navigator as a communications strategist before leaving on acrimonious terms . The company is a minor player at city hall but has in the past lobbied officials including Galbraith , according to the lobbyist registry . Peat was the Sun 's city hall bureau chief and a popular figure on Twitter before returning to the Sun newsroom as assistant city editor . Before joining the Sun , according to their company biography , they were a crime reporter at the Peterborough Examiner and worked as a journalist in Honduras .
Other changes at city hall will come next week when the committee responsible for appointments decides how to shake-up the make-up of vital committees and boards . While the changes may not register with the public , they will indicate how satisfied Tory is with their own team and further alienate left-leaning councillors . Change is expected on the licensing committee , now chaired by Councillor Cesar Palacio . Tory publicly criticized the way members of the public were treated by other committee members during the heated taxi-Uber debate .
Article Continued Below
Other members of Tory 's executive committee have challenged him . Councillor Michael Thompson , globetrotting chair of the economic development committee , was unhappy at being removed early in the term from the police services board and publicly pushed the mayor to support the end of police carding . Councillor Paul Ainslie , who chairs the government management committee , spoke out against the mayor 's push for a one-stop subway extension in Scarborough , arguing a plan for LRT lines made more sense for residents . Both Thompson and Ainslie have picked their current committee seats as their top choices . All of the back-half term picks will be finalized by council next month . Councillor Jon Burnside , a former cop , has shown interest in a police board spot and could replace the mayor as their designate on that body . The most popular board for re-appointment was the TTC , with nearly half of council expressing interest in being given a seat . With files from Jennifer Pagliaro
Read more about :
Functor Functors
Posted on December 15 , 2017
You can teach a new dog old tricks .
One of the fun things about category theory is that once you 've learned an idea in one context it 's easy to apply it to another one . Of the numerous categories available to Haskell programmers , Hask , the category of Haskell types and functions , gets the lion 's share of the attention . Working with standard abstractions in more overlooked categories is a great way to reuse ideas : it makes you look clever , like you 've invented something new , but actually all you 've done is put the building blocks together differently . I wo n't tell if you do n't .
Templates : Reusable Records
Every now and then I 'll see a question on Stack Overflow or Reddit in which a programmer is trying to work with a bunch of record types which share a similar structure . For a contrived example , in a shopping system you may want to differentiate between completed checkout forms , which are ready to be dispatched , and “ draft ” checkout forms , which the user is currently filling in . The simplest way to do this is to build separate types , and write a function to upgrade a draft form to a regular form if all of its fields are filled in .
Now , the standard trick to de-duplicate these two types is to derive both from what I 'll call a template type , wrapping each field of the template in some type constructor f . You recover Form by setting f to the boring Identity functor , and you get DraftForm by setting f to Maybe .
So a template is a record type parameterised by a type constructor . It 'll generally have a kind of ( * - > * ) - > * . The fields of the record are the type constructor applied to a variety of different type arguments . Working with a template typically involves coming up with an interesting type constructor ( * - > * ) and plugging it in to get interestingly-typed fields . You can think of a record as a container of f s .
This trick has become Haskell folklore - I could n't tell you where I first saw it - but I 've only seen a few people talk about what happens when you treat templates as first class citizens . To get used to this style , a simple example is giving names to specific instantiations of arbitrary templates :
The rest of this blog post is about treating template types intuitively as fixed-size containers of functors . I 'll be taking familiar tools for working with containers of values - Functor , Traversable , Representable - and applying them to the context of containers of functors .
Functors from the Category of Endofunctors
In Haskell , categories are represented as a kind k of objects and a type constructor c : : k - > k - > * of morphisms between those objects . If the category C has objects in k1 and morphisms in c , and D has objects in k2 and morphisms in d , then a functor from C to D is a type constructor f : : k1 - > k2 mapping objects paired with an operation fmap : : c a b - > d ( f a ) ( f b ) mapping the morphisms . The standard Functor class is for endofunctors on Hask - the special case in which k1 ~ k2 ~ * and c ~ d ~ ( - > ) .
Given two categories C and D , you can construct the category of functors between C and D , written as [ C , D ] . Objects in this category are functors from C to D , and morphisms are natural transformations between those functors . Since [ C , D ] is a regular category , you can of course have functors mapping that category to other categories . So in Haskell that 'd be a type of kind ( k1 - > k2 ) - > k3 . I 'll call such types functor functors .
We 're talking about record templates of kind ( * - > * ) - > * . This fits the pattern of a functor from the functor category , with k1 ~ k2 ~ k3 ~ * . So the functor category in question is the category of endofunctors on Hask ( that is , members of the standard Functor class ) , and the destination category is Hask . So it 's reasonable to expect record templates to be functorial in their argument :
FFunctor comes with the usual functor laws . The only difference is the types .
ffmap encodes the notion of generalising the functor a template has been instantiated with . If you can embed the functor f into g , then you can map a record of f s to a record of g s by embedding each f . ( This is also sometimes called “ hoisting ” . ) For example , the boring Identity functor can be embedded into an arbitrary Applicative by injecting the contained value using pure . We can use this to turn a total record into a partial one :
Traversing Records
Now that we have a new dog , it 's natural to ask which old tricks we can teach it . With the intuition that a template t f is like a container of f s , what does it mean to traverse such a container ? sequenceA : : Applicative f = > t ( f a ) - > f ( t a ) takes a container of strategies to produce values and sequences them to get a strategy to produce a container of values . Replacing value with functor in the above sentence , it 's clear that we need to decide on a notion of “ strategy to produce a functor ” . With thanks to Li-yao Xia , the simplest of such notions is a regular applicative functor a returning a functorial value g x - that is , Compose a g .
The FTraversable laws come about by adjusting the Traversable laws to add some Compose -bookkeeping .
Implementations of traverse look like implementations of fmap but in an applicative context . Likewise , implementations of ftraverse look like implementations of ffmap in an applicative context , with a few getCompose s scattered around .
This is where things start to get interesting . The toForm function , which converts a draft form to a regular form if all of its fields have been filled in , can be defined tersely in terms of ftraverse .
Here 's another example : a generic program , defined by analogy to Foldable 's foldMap , to collapse the fields of a record into a monoidal value . Note that f ( ) - > m is isomorphic to , but simpler than , forall x. f x - > m . Annoyingly , we have to give a type signature to mkConst to resolve the ambiguity over g in the call to ftraverse . I 'm picking Empty as a way of demonstrating that I have nothing up my sleeves .
Zipping templates
Given a pair of records of the same shape t , we should be able to combine them point-wise , matching up the fields of each : fzip : : t f - > t g - > t ( Product f g ) . In Hask , “ combining point-wise ” is exactly what the “ reader ” applicative ( - > ) r does , so any functor which enjoys an isomorphism to ( - > ) r for some r has at least a zippy Applicative instance . Such functors are called representable functors and they are members of the class Representable .
Of course , we 're working with functors from the functor category , so the relevant notion of Representable will need a little adjustment . Instead of an isomorphism to a function ( - > ) r we 'll use an isomorphism to a natural transformation ( ~ > ) r .
The laws for FRepresentable simply state that ftabulate and findex must witness an isomorphism :
FRep will typically be a GADT : it tells you what type of value one should expect to find at a given position in a record .
Something useful you can do with this infrastructure : filling in defaults for missing values of a partial record . Or , looking at it the other way , overriding certain parts of a record .
You can also make a record of Monoid values into a Monoid , once again by zipping .
Lenses
Rather than come up with a new notion of Lens formulated in terms of FFunctor , we can reuse the standard Lens type as long as we 're careful about how polymorphic lenses should be . Specifically , a lens into a record template should express no opinion as to which functor the template should be instantiated with .
We can store a template 's lenses in an instance of the template itself !
Compositional Validation
Now for an extended example : form validation . We 'll be making use of all of the tools from above - zipping , traversing , and mapping - to design a typed API for validating individual fields of a form .
Either is n't a great choice for a validation monad , because Either aborts the computation at the first failure . You typically want to report all the errors in a form . Instead , we 'll be working with the following type , which is isomorphic to Either but with an Applicative instance which returns all of the failures in a given computation , combining the values using a Monoid . So it 's kind of a Frankensteinian mishmash of the Either and Writer applicatives .
This Applicative instance has no compatible Monad instance .
We 'll build a library for validation processes which examine a single field of a record at a time . A validation rule for a field typed a is a function which takes an a and returns a Validation e a .
If a given field has multiple validation rules , you can compose them under the assumption that each validator leaves its input unchanged .
The plan is to store this Validator s in a record template , zip them along an instance of the record itself , and then traverse the result to get either a validated record or a collection of errors . To make things interesting , we 'll store the validation results for a given field in the matching field of another record .
applyValidator takes a lens into a record field , a validator for that field and the value in that field . It applies the validator to the value ; upon failure it stores the error message ( e ) in the correct field of the Errors record using the lens . fzipWith3 handles the logic of running applyValidator for each field of the record , then fsequence ' combines the resulting Validation applicative actions into a single one . So all of the errors from all of the fields are eventually collected into the matching fields of the Errors record and combined monoidally .
A quick test , wherein I test validation on the email field :
ghci > let formValidator = validate $ FormTemplate emailValidator noop noop noop ghci > let today = read `` 2017-08-17 '' : : Day ghci > let form1 = FormTemplate ( Identity `` [ email protected ] '' ) ( Identity Visa ) ( Identity `` 1234567890123456 '' ) ( Identity today ) ghci > runValidator formValidator form1 Success ( FormTemplate { _email = Identity `` [ email protected ] '' , _cardType = Identity Visa , _cardNumber = Identity `` 1234567890123456 '' , _cardExpiry = Identity 2017-08-17 } ) ghci > let form2 = FormTemplate ( Identity `` notanemail '' ) ( Identity Visa ) ( Identity `` 1234567890123456 '' ) ( Identity today ) ghci > runValidator formValidator form2 Failure ( FormTemplate { _email = Const [ `` No @ in email '' , '' Invalid TLD '' ] , _cardType = Const [ ] , _cardNumber = Const [ ] , _cardExpiry = Const [ ] } )
Code review
So we have a categorical framework for working with records and templates . Other things fit into this framework , more or less neatly :
Monad transformers are often functorial in their m argument .
argument . Fix f ( a “ list of f s ” , if you will ) is also a functor functor , where ffmap ping represents a change of variables .
( a “ list of s ” , if you will ) is also a functor functor , where ping represents a change of variables . Since the Const , Sum , Product and Compose type combinators are poly-kinded , they can be reused as functor functors too .
, , and type combinators are poly-kinded , they can be reused as functor functors too . Add another primitive FFunctor to apply a functor to a type , newtype At a f = At { getAt : : f a } , and you have a kit to build polynomial functor functors with which you can build templates and write generic programs .
One design decision I made when developing the FFunctor class was to give ffmap a ( Functor f , Functor g ) constraint , so you can only ffmap between types that are in fact functors . This is mathematically principled in some sense , but it has certain engineering tradeoffs compared to an unconstrained type for ffmap . It enables more instances of FFunctor - for example , you can only write Fix 's ffmap with a Functor constraint for either the input or output type parameters - but it rules out certain usages of ffmap . You ca n't ffmap over a template containing Validator s , for example , because Validator is not a Functor . I did n't put the same Functor constraints into FRepresentable 's methods . An FRep type typically wo n't be functorial - it 'll be GADT-like - so adding a Functor ( FRep t ) constraint would be far too restrictive .
You 'll notice that the concept of an applicative functor functor is conspicuously absent from my presentation above . FApplicative would probably look something like this :
FApplicative is a more general interface than FRepresentable , in that it supports notions of composition other than zipping . However , that bookkeeping : - > newtype wrapper is inconvenient . With the normal Applicative class you can map an n-ary function over n applicative values directly : f < $ > x < * > y < * > z . With FApplicative you have to apply the Morph constructor as many times as f has arguments : fpure ( Morph $ \x - > Morph $ \y - > Morph $ \z - > f x y z ) ` fap ` t ` fap ` u ` fap ` v , which becomes very unwieldy very quickly . ( /u/rampion has come up with nicer syntax for this , but it involves a more complicated formulation of FApplicative . ) On the other hand , FApplicative does open up some interesting options for the design of FTraversable : one can traverse in an FApplicative rather than an Applicative . This gives some nice type signatures - fsequence : : ( FTraversable t , FApplicative f ) = > t f - > f t - and is strictly more general than the FTraversable I gave above , since any Applicative can be lifted into an FApplicative by composition ( newtype ComposeAt a f g = ComposeAt { getComposeAt : : f ( g a ) } ) .
How useful are these tools in practice ? Would I structure a production application around functor functors ? Probably not . It 's a question of balance - while it 's useful to recognise functorial structures in categories other than Hask as a thinking tool , actually representing such abstractions in code does n't always pay off . Haskell already has a rich ecosystem of tools for working with the Functor family , but there 's much less code in the wild that 's structured around functor functors . This is partly because Functor has the advantage of being a standard class in base , but it 's also because code built around functor functors is a little less convenient to work with , typically requiring some tedious newtype bookkeeping .
Over the course of putting together this article I came across some work by others on this very topic . I 've spotted versions of these classes being packaged with bigger libraries such as hedgehog and quickcheck-state-machine . There are also a few packages providing similar tools . The most mature of these seems to be rank2classes , which includes some Template Haskell tools for deriving instances ; there 's also the Conkin package , which has a well-written tutorial focusing on working with data in column-major order .
At 6 p.m. on the hot evening of July 13 , 1863 , William Jones , an African-American cartman , left their Clarkson Street home to buy a loaf of bread .
They could n't have known that a vicious mob enraged by the Civil War had begun a five-day rampage known as the Draft Riots . And Jones was right in their path .
The rioters were mostly working-class Irish immigrants . They were angry about a federal draft law that conscripted poor men while allowing their wealthier counterparts to buy their way out of the army . And they feared newly freed blacks would come to New York and take their jobs .
That morning , after destroying a draft office at Third Avenue and 47th Street , crowds of rioters dispersed around Manhattan .
They burned the homes of draft supporters , destroyed train tracks , beat wealthy residents , torched and looted the Brooks Brothers store , and attacked police and soldiers .
Their rage was directed especially toward black New Yorkers : they set fire to the Colored Orphan Asylum on Eighth Avenue and 44th Street , killed a black coachman on West 27th Street , and chased three black men who happened to be walking down Varick Street .
Those three got away . That 's when the mob targeted Jones .
“ A crowd of rioters in Clarkson Street . . . met an inoffensive colored man returning from a bakery with a loaf of bread under their arm , ” states an 1863 police report about the Draft Riots .
“ They instantly set upon and beat him , and after nearly killing him , hung them to a lamp-post . Their body was left suspended for several hours . A fire was made underneath him , and they were literally roasted as they hung , the mob reveling in their demonic act . ”
A total of 119 people were killed ; an estimated 11 of those were black . Finally on July 16 , 6,000 soldiers hit the streets , and things went back to normal .
The city 's black residents did not . Twenty percent left the city for good .
[ above : an illustration from the NYPL ]
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
LinkedIn
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Tags : African Americans in New York City , Civil War New York City , Clarkson Street view , Draft Riots Lynching , Draft Riots NYC , Draft Riots violence , famous riots New York City , Greenwich Village 1860s , Irish Immigrants New York City , Lynching in New York City , Riots in New York City
Why Democrats Love Illegals The mutually parasitic relationship between Democrats and illegals By David Hunter www.DavidLHunter.blogspot.com June 26 , 2017 Tweet
Twice failed candidate Hillary Clinton received more votes than any unsuccessful presidential candidate in U.S. history . In the 2016 election , they garnered 2.9 million more votes than then President-elect Donald Trump . Them popular vote tally was 65,844,954 ( 48.2 % ) to their 62,979,879 ( 46.1 % . ) , or a 2.1 % differential . Back on November 27 , 2016 , Trump tweeted , “ In addition to winning the Electoral College [ 304 to 227 , needing 270 ] in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally. ” On balance , that 's likely true .
How many of Hillary 's ballots were cast illegitimately ? Outrageously , that 's still unknown . Yet today , the jaw-dropping actuality can be reasonably inferred . To that end , Just Facts , a New Jersey research organization and conservative/libertarian think tank , suggests that millions of illegals vote in U.S. elections . Specifically , their analysis of 2008 data from an extensive Harvard/You Gov survey indicates that 7.9 million noncitizens were illegally registered to vote—and 594,000 to 5.7 million did so . These figures support a previous Old Dominion University study in which professors and co-authors Jesse Richman and David Earnest stated that as many as 2.8 million interlopers voted . Why is this obvious problem—a fundamental threat diluting the people 's voice in elections— “ nonexistent ” for Democrats ?
There 's a mutually beneficial relationship between progressives and criminal squatters who vote . Via shared governmental largesse—as examples , direct welfare and/or indirect free public school education—the latter achieve a better standard of living than their point of origin . Meanwhile , statistically , Democrats have a built-in voting bloc despite their odious , out of step policies . Why else constantly encourage , and defend , this shadowy influx of 11 million illegal lawbreakers ? Likewise , given the common occurrence of terrorism around the globe , why similarly promote unchecked migration , lax law enforcement , and borderlessness ?
The only logical reason is personal payoffs for the elite ruling class . Politically , enough warm bodies voting to keep limousine liberals perpetually in office . After all , their ilk does n't experience the general chaos of street violence in Democrat-run sanctuary cities . Moreover , they do n't care about exploding deficit spending ; and they do n't cover the cost of catnip benefits drawing persons like a magnet from impoverished southern countries .
Why does any of that matter to uber-rich progressives epitomized by “ biggest loser ” Hillary ? Besides votes , do n't they also need low-wage workers to do the menial jobs in their gated , safe palatial estates ? Twice failed candidate Hillary Clinton received more votes than any unsuccessful presidential candidate in U.S. history . In the 2016 election , they garnered 2.9 million more votes than then President-elect Donald Trump . Them popular vote tally was 65,844,954 ( 48.2 % ) to their 62,979,879 ( 46.1 % . ) , or a 2.1 % differential . Back on November 27 , 2016 , Trump tweeted , “ In addition to winning the Electoral College [ 304 to 227 , needing 270 ] in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally. ” On balance , that 's likely true.How many of Hillary 's ballots were cast illegitimately ? Outrageously , that 's still unknown . Yet today , the jaw-dropping actuality can be reasonably inferred . To that end , Just Facts , a New Jersey research organization and conservative/libertarian think tank , suggests that millions of illegals vote in U.S. elections . Specifically , their analysis of 2008 data from an extensive Harvard/You Gov survey indicates that 7.9 million noncitizens were illegally registered to vote—and 594,000 to 5.7 million did so . These figures support a previous Old Dominion University study in which professors and co-authors Jesse Richman and David Earnest stated that as many as 2.8 million interlopers voted . Why is this obvious problem—a fundamental threat diluting the people 's voice in elections— “ nonexistent ” for Democrats ? There 's a mutually beneficial relationship between progressives and criminal squatters who vote . Via shared governmental largesse—as examples , direct welfare and/or indirect free public school education—the latter achieve a better standard of living than their point of origin . Meanwhile , statistically , Democrats have a built-in voting bloc despite their odious , out of step policies . Why else constantly encourage , and defend , this shadowy influx of 11 million illegal lawbreakers ? Likewise , given the common occurrence of terrorism around the globe , why similarly promote unchecked migration , lax law enforcement , and borderlessness ? The only logical reason is personal payoffs for the elite ruling class . Politically , enough warm bodies voting to keep limousine liberals perpetually in office . After all , their ilk does n't experience the general chaos of street violence in Democrat-run sanctuary cities . Moreover , they do n't care about exploding deficit spending ; and they do n't cover the cost of catnip benefits drawing persons like a magnet from impoverished southern countries.Why does any of that matter to uber-rich progressives epitomized by “ biggest loser ” Hillary ? Besides votes , do n't they also need low-wage workers to do the menial jobs in their gated , safe palatial estates ?
Comments : 0 You ! Leave a comment ... Copyright ©2017 Read more by David Hunter
( Keystone )
Regulators should restrict the size of banks to make sure they do not become `` too big to fail '' , according to the president-elect of Switzerland 's central bank .
Philipp Hildebrand said the country 's two big banks , UBS and Credit Suisse , still faced a perilous situation despite measures being taken to reduce their risks .
Speaking at the half-yearly conference of the Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) in Bern on Thursday , vice-president Hildebrand called for new international regulations to deal with large failed financial institutions by splitting off units vital to national economies before winding down the rest .
Among Swiss monetary policymakers , Hildebrand has been the most forceful advocate for reducing the size of the banks , arguing that they would incur a devastating effect on the economy should they fail . UBS , Switzerland 's largest bank , had to be bailed out after racking up huge losses .
But to prevent bank collapses on the scale of Lehman Brothers in the United States last year , Hildebrand also suggested methods of making sure banks did not grow too big . Switzerland has already imposed stringent new rules that require banks to put aside even more reserves to cover risks and debt .
Size not everything
`` Naturally the SNB is aware that there are advantages to size , '' they said . `` Nevertheless , in the case of the large international banks , the empirical evidence would seem to suggest that these institutions have long exceeded the size needed to make full use of these advantages . ''
`` There can be no more taboos , given our experiences of the last two years , '' they added .
A failure of UBS or Credit Suisse would have more far-reaching consequences on Switzerland than Lehman Brothers did in the US , as the assets of each of the two banks far exceeds the gross domestic product of the entire country .
The SNB backed this up by producing its annual `` Banks in Switzerland '' report on the same day . It revealed a massive increase in losses from SFr4.3 billion ( $ 4 billion ) in 2007 to a record SFr38.9 billion last year . This dented overall profits for the country 's 327 banking institutions from SFr14 billion in 2007 to SFr8.4 billion in 2008 .
UBS contributed the lion 's share of the losses ( SFr36.5 billion ) but this figure also included liabilities taken on by the parent company from its foreign subsidiaries . The bank reported a SFr20 billion loss in its consolidated annual statement , which stripped much of this out .
Bank break-up ?
Swiss banking expert Professor Hans Geiger said failing banks could not become a pattern .
`` Their size has to be limited to avoid what happened this time from happening a second time , '' they told swissinfo.ch . `` I think they [ UBS and Credit Suisse ] should be split up and the riskier operations should be sold off . ''
`` The right size of a bank depends on the risk attached . Wealth management could reach any size because it does not involve balance sheet risks for Switzerland . But investment bank trading of speculative assets should be done by hedge funds , not banks . ''
UBS had no comment to make on Hildebrand 's statements but Switzerland 's financial regulator , Finma , hinted that it was thinking along the same lines as the SNB .
`` One of the big lessons of the financial crisis is that this issue has to be addressed , '' Finma spokesperson Alain Bichsel told swissinfo.ch .
Matthew Allen , swissinfo.ch
Banks in Switzerland 2008 The SNB 's Swiss `` Banks in Switzerland 2008 '' report looked at the end of year financial condition of the 327 banking institutions in the country .
Losses rose from SFr4.3 billion in 2007 to SFr38.9 billion while profits nosedived from Sfr14 billion to SFr8.4 billion in the same period .
Most ( 284 ) banks reported a profit in 2008 with 90 of them posting even better figures . Redundancies had yet to affect the figures with only a nominal 0.3 % decrease in staff numbers to 135,775 employed in Switzerland .
Customers flocked to move their money into savings deposits ( an increase of 23 % in funds ) while moving out of securities . Clients invested 38.4 % less of their savings in shares than they did in 2007. end of infobox
Swiss banking system In Switzerland 's universal banking system , all banks can offer all services . In English-speaking countries and Japan , commercial banking and investment banking must be separate .
Two `` big '' banks : UBS and the Credit Suisse Group account for more than 50 % of the balance sheet total of all banks
Cantonal banks : semi-governmental organisations with a state guarantee
Regional banks and savings banks : smaller universal banks with an emphasis on lending/deposit business , which voluntarily restrict their activities to one region
Raiffeisen : a cooperative with the largest branch network in Switzerland , the Raiffeisen banks form Raiffeisen Switzerland
Private banks : individually owned firms , collective and limited partnerships and among the oldest in Switzerland
Foreign banks : over half of the company 's votes are held by foreigners with qualified interests , most are from the EU ( more than 50 % ) and Japan ( around 20 % )
Source : Swiss Bankers Association end of infobox
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
Reliance Industries ( RIL ) Chairman Mukesh Ambani has said that the telecom unit is “ ready ” to roll out its fourth-generation ( 4G ) services , and will cover 80 % of India 's 1.3 billion population by the second half of 2016. “ We are ready to launch ( 4G services ) and in the second half of 2016 , 80 % of India 's population will have high-speed mobile broadband Internet . So , 80 % of India 's 1.3 billion Indians will have high-speed mobile Internet , ” Ambani said in a television interview to CNN International 's Fareed Zakaria aired on Sunday.RIL will be offering high-speed broadband services through its unit , Reliance Jio Infocomm , which is the only telco to own 4G bandwidth across India . Jio is widely expected to launch commercial services around April , a development which experts say will disrupt the market by bringing in intense competition on tariffs. “ By 2017 end , we would cover 90 % and by 2018 , all of India will be covered by this digital infrastructure , ” Ambani said.The oil-to-telecoms conglomerate on December 27 last year had soft-launched its 4G services , offering connections to its nearly 120,000 staff members , associates and their families , and offered 4G SIM cards and discounted LYF-branded 4G-supporting handsets through its retail arm Reliance Retail.Jio has said that it would have invested over Rs100,000 crore by the time of its commercial launch in buying spectrum , setting up networks , in marketing and sales and in human resources , among others.When asked about the massive investments RIL is making in its telecom foray , Ambani said spending on creating a digital infrastructure is “ a very good investment ” .The country 's richest man said that India could not be left behind in global digital revolution. “ In the next 20 years , in a network society , we are going to have a change much more than what we have seen in the last 100 years , '' Ambani said , adding that digitisation will be at the forefront of the digital revolution . `` As we saw in the year 2012-13 , India is 150th in the world in mobile broadband penetration as well as quality . And Jio has really been conceived to change this position , '' the Indian billionaire said.Mukesh Ambani 's 4G foray is their re-entry into telecom sector after the public split with their younger brother Anil Ambani that led to the conglomerate 's telecom business going to their brother . Anil runs the telecom business under Reliance Communications.After a patch up some years back , the two brothers are now cooperating to offer 4G services across India and are poised to take on established players like market leader Bharti Airtel , No . 2 telco Vodafone India and third ranked Idea Cellular . The incumbents though have already launched their respective 4G services , with Airtel having the largest footprint in the country , in over 350 cities and towns.Reliance Industries had obtained pan-India Broadband Wireless Access ( BWA ) spectrum in 2010 by buying out a company which had won 4G airwaves for Rs 12,847.8 crore . But technological challenges around the 2300 Mhz bandwidth won then has meant that Jio is yet to launch commercial services.It though has subsequently acquired airwaves in other 4G bands , and now has the highest quantum of spectrum across the 800 MHz , 1,800 MHz and 2,300 MHz bands.India Ratings and Research ( Ind-Ra ) in a recent finding said that RIL 's proposed 4G launch will intensify competition and is poised to squeeze market share , EBITDA margins and credit metrics of core incumbent players such as Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India and Idea Cellular .
New Democrats seek direction as party gives itself two years to find a new leader and press reset on political agenda fuelled by campaign wake-up call
In the sunny days of August – some 11 weeks before a federal election that would completely alter Canada 's political pecking order – the future looked bright for the country 's leftwing New Democratic party .
Polls suggested the party was poised to move from the official opposition to leading the government . Across the Atlantic , Jeremy Corbyn was challenging the establishment as the frontrunner for Labour leadership in Britain . And in the US , tens of thousands were flocking to arenas to hear what socialist Bernie Sanders had to say .
Eight months later , as progressive movements around the world gain steam , a very different reality has unfolded for Canada 's NDP . October 's federal election saw the party drop to third-place status . Earlier this week , delegates at the party convention voted to oust party leader Tom Mulcair , offering a glimpse of the soul-searching roiling under the surface of Canada 's left .
Thomas Mulcair steps down as leader of Canada 's New Democrats Read more
“ We gave up a once in a lifetime opportunity to win government , ” said Cheri DiNovo , a member of Ontario 's provincial parliament and the New Democrat who campaigned for a changing of the guard after what they called a “ disastrous federal election ” .
The election saw Justin Trudeau and their Liberal party win a majority of seats with 39 % of the vote . The Conservatives , led at the time by Stephen Harper , became the official opposition with 32 % of the vote . And the NDP won 20 % of the vote , sending their seats in parliament plummeting to 44 from 95 .
Under Mulcair 's leadership , the party had sought power by shifting towards the centre of the political spectrum , voting to remove the word socialism from its constitution in 2013 . It was an uneasy fit for a party known for championing ideas such as universal healthcare , strengthening unemployment insurance and old age pensions .
“ To be honest , this last campaign was a real wake-up call to stand by our principles , ” said DiNovo , who said she 's not interested in the job of leader . The party has given itself up to two years to find a new leader , during which Mulcair has said they will stay on .
The election campaign saw NDP supporters turn to the Liberals in droves , excited by Trudeau 's centre-left agenda . Months later , Trudeau 's status as a charismatic progressive continues to complicate things for the NDP ; leaving them struggling to carve out their place amid global delight over Trudeau 's views on feminism , promises to tackle climate change and revitalise the relationship with Canada 's First Nations .
It 's an entirely predictable reaction , said Stephen Lewis , who led Ontario 's NDP for much of the 1970s , given the legacy left behind by Trudeau 's Conservative predecessors . “ When you get an extreme rightwing government in power for 10 years , one that has shredded public policy top to bottom and has taken positions that are hostile to the environment , hostile to social welfare and hostile to the public interest generally , ” they said , “ Anything that takes its place is a glorious relief . ”
Particularly if that relief comes in the form of an attractive , articulate leader , they added . “ But that does n't last forever . ”
First Nations suicide emergency : a symptom of Canada 's systemic neglect Read more
They pointed to social movements that have swept across Canada in recent years , from the First Nations-focused protest movement Idle No More to the Occupy movement . “ There 's a lot of churning under the surface in Canadian political and public life. ” Now the tricky task of translating that energy lies ahead for the NDP .
For many in the party , where to head next is embodied by the Leap Manifesto , a revolutionary plan aimed at tackling the overlapping crises of climate change and inequality . “ It 's the best opportunity we 've ever had to build a better , fairer , more just and equal society , ” said Avi Lewis , son of Stephen Lewis , and one of the main proponents of the manifesto , along with their wife , author Naomi Klein . Delegates at the recent convention voted to study the document , a roadmap aimed at weaning the Canadian economy off fossil fuels in the coming decades while addressing economic , racial and gender inequalities more closely in the coming years .
The manifesto has not been without controversy . Its promise to do away with new infrastructure projects for fossil fuels , such as pipelines , rankled the NDP in Alberta – one of the few places in Canada where NDP hold power – and highlighted the tensions that exist among Canada 's left among those pushing for climate change action and labour activists who point to the significant number of jobs that continue to be tied to the extractive economy .
“ The government of Alberta repudiates the sections of that document that address energy infrastructure , ” Rachel Notley , the premier of Alberta – where slumping oil prices sent unemployment rates to a 20-year high earlier this year – told reporters this week . “ These ideas will never form any part of policy . They are naive . They are ill-informed . They are tone deaf . ”
There is a vision of what a progressive Britain could be . It 's called Canada | Gaby Hinsliff Read more
Lewis saw Notley 's stance as a reflection of Alberta politics . Public pressure has ramped up on the premier and their government to push for a pipeline that could get the province 's oil to tidewater , despite opposition from various parts of the country . “ The Alberta government does n't have a leap manifesto problem , ” Lewis said . “ They have a pipeline problem with other parts of the country that do n't want them and they feel that it is politically critical for them to advance this . ”
The party should be wary of focusing their attention overwhelmingly on tackling climate change at the expense of other issues such as inequality or housing , said Ed Broadbent , who led the federal NDP for 14 years starting in 1975 .
As parties on both the right and left of the Canadian political spectrum debate their future directions , a major challenge will be for the party to keep the pressure on the Liberals .
The NDP 's role as the conscience of Canadian politics is all the more crucial at this moment , they said , given the growing appetite around the world for leftist alternatives . “ There 's a real openness on the left of ordinary people demanding change … of wanting elite structures to be totally challenged in a way that was not the case 15 years ago , ” they said . “ It 's astonishing that in the US now fully 35 % of Americans under the age of 30 think socialism is a good thing . Who would have predicted that even five years ago ? ”
Follow @ calebgarling
If you were to guess which category on Kickstarter had the highest rate of successful funding , without peeking , you might guess “ Technology ” or “ Film & Video. ” Big names like smartwatch maker Pebble and actor Zach Braff have made waves with their multimillion-dollar campaigns .
Across all of Kickstarter , 43 percent of projects get funded , but it may surprise some to find out that the small but dedicated collection of dance projects boasts a funding rate of 71 percent .
“ Dancers are hardcore , ” says Roche Janken , part of a San Francisco dance group known as vîv , noting that the community is as supportive as it is competitive . “ It 's the offline part of dancing that makes the online work so well . ”
The comparisons of success rate to Film & Video ( 39.9 ) and Technology ( 34.6 ) are n't exactly equal , of course — both have higher average funding goals . But you could also argue that due to their popularity , they have bigger pools of backers .
Kerensa DeMars is organizing an all-female performance of flamenco music , entitled Flamenca . While the Bay Area has a very strong flamenco music scene , finding women to play all the musical instruments was difficult . Some gentlemen even offered to play in drag .
“ If you 're not a non-profit , it 's really challenging to get funding — especially for dancers , ” they say . “ Even if you sell out at an average ticket price , you often ca n't pay for the whole production. ” They point out that even the San Francisco Ballet spends an enormous amount of time fundraising .
Kickstarter stats reinforce this . To date , across all categories , the company has received 11.5 million total pledges for a whooping $ 832 million in successfully and unsuccessfully funded projects . Yet only $ 5 million of that has been for dance projects .
Kickstarter allows artists , inventors or entrepreneurs to submit project ideas , be it for a new technology , clothing or artistic endeavor . The project creator sets a fundraising goal and a time window , and then asks the masses for financial support . If they hit the goal within the timeframe , they get the money for the project after a 5 percent fee from Kickstarter . If not , all money is returned to the would-be backers .
On Thursday , Manuel Suarez , born and raised in Cuba , came up shy of their $ 12,000 goal for a San Francisco-based project to revive a dance from the eastern part of their homeland known as the Oriente .
“ It 's a little disappointing , ” they say . “ Even people in Cuba do n't know about it . ”
Suarez says he 'll continue looking for ways to fund the project , but it 's a harder now . They spent a lot of capital pushing the Kickstarter campaign to their mailing lists and 4,500 Facebook followers . He 's considering applying for grants , “ but that takes a long time . ”
All those who donated pledged to Suarez 's campaign will get their money back not be charged , a function of the go-big-or-go-home nature of Kickstarter . Unsuccessful projects mean no one ( even Kickstarter ) gets paid . This is somewhat in contrast to Indiegogo , a rival crowdsourcing site , which does have an option to pay out even if the creator does n't hit the goal , albeit with a higher fee . Indiegogo also has a dance category but does not publish statistics on category or funding success . ( A spokesperson says that Indiegogo does n't discuss proprietary or competitive data . )
As of this morning , with seven days to go , DeMars 's campaign was still about $ 500 shy of the $ 3000 goal . Even if they come up short , they 'll push on and take a financial loss on the performance which premiers in the Mission later this month .
“ We find these people who are so passionate , and they deserve to be compensated for it , ” they say . “ But we all entered into this with the understanding that if we did n't hit the Kickstarter , we 'd still share this with the community . ”
Janken 's Kickstarter , re-create dance , hit its funding goal of $ 6,500 sometime around Monday morning which will allow the eight dancers to work with Kathleen Hermesdorf , a premier choreographer . Janken notes that for the average backer , dance projects have a twist when compared to more common Kickstarter projects .
“ It 's a little bit strange , ” they say . “ You do n't get a prize at the end . There 's nothing to keep . ”
Follow @ calebgarling
Beyond the White House staff turmoil , beyond the Russia investigations and the media wars , President Trump still has the economy on theirs side .
For now .
The stock market neared 22,000 Tuesday , setting another all-time record high . Corporate earnings for the second quarter are beating forecasts at the highest rate in at least nine years .
The unemployment rate is 4.4 percent , near historical lows . Wages are rising . Second-quarter growth improved to a solid 2.6 percent , and Mr. Trump confidently predicts it will soon reach their stated goal of 3 percent growth or more annually .
“ Dow 30,000 is going to happen , ” Wharton School finance professor Jeremy Siegel told the Bloomberg business news service Tuesday .
Mr. Trump , frustrated by a lack of progress in Congress on their agenda and the media 's focus on scandal instead of the surging jobs and investment picture , is only too happy to take credit for the good economic news .
“ We 're setting economic records , and we 're very proud of it , ” the president told small-business owners at the White House on Tuesday . “ We 're unleashing a new era of American prosperity , perhaps like we 've never seen before . I think the media 's actually going to be forced to cover it pretty soon . ”
Among those in the audience was Al Rodriguez , who owns 14 Sport Clips barbershop franchises in the Pittsburgh region .
“ They 're saying the right things with respect to health care reform , tax reform and regulations , ” Mr. Rodriguez said in an interview . “ Tax reform is critical because of the uncertainty of what I 'm going to pay every year . ”
Mr. Trump also hinted at more good economic news , saying the government will release “ earth-shattering ” numbers next week on domestic energy production .
Economists are divided over how much impact Mr. Trump and their policies have had on the economy in just six months . Voters are divided , too .
A Bloomberg poll two weeks ago found that 46 percent of respondents approved of Mr. Trump 's handling of the economy , while 44 percent disapproved . It 's one of the few policy areas where the president enjoys a slight edge in theirs favor .
On job creation , 47 percent in the Bloomberg survey approved of Mr. Trump 's performance , while 40 percent disapproved .
Economists generally credit Mr. Trump for a surge in the stock market that began immediately after their election . Their promise to cut the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent and their aggressive assault to eliminate Obama-era business regulations have contributed to a climate of business and consumer optimism , economist generally say . The scandals of the day in Washington have had little impact on the economy 's momentum .
The stock market keeps soaring , even as Congress has failed to approve a repeal of Obamacare that was supposed to create more room in the federal budget for deep tax cuts . Even so , some economists say the administration 's actions have had little impact on the overall U.S. economy .
Presidents and the economy
Joel Naroff , president of Naroff Economic Advisers in Holland , Pennsylvania , describes the economy as “ the same as it ever was . ”
“ Basically , the economy has not changed speed much during the first six months of the new administration compared to the first six months of 2016 — or even the previous few years , ” Mr. Naroff said . “ A new president really can do little to change the trend in the economy right away . While the Trump administration has raised confidence , it has n't done much to change the actual operating condition of the economy through things such as tax or spending changes . ”
They said gross domestic product has risen slightly and the unemployment rate has fallen compared with the same period last year , while consumer sentiment has fluctuated .
“ Job growth during the first half of 2017 was a bit slower than in the first half of last year , as were waged and disposable income gains , ” Mr. Naroff said . “ The one unambiguous improvement has been in the equity markets , with the indexes well above where they were either before the election or one year ago . ”
The Dow Jones industrial average was 18,332 on Election Day in November and set another record close Tuesday at 21,963.92 — an increase of 19.8 percent . Wall Street investors speak of the “ Trump trade ” — a bullish investment strategy based on faith in the business person-president 's ability to boost the overall economy .
But many economists caution that the optimism fueling growth will fade quickly if Congress does n't approve tax cuts as Mr. Trump has promised . Administration officials are saying they expect lawmakers to complete a tax package before the end of the year , although Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Kentucky Republican , expressed doubt Tuesday about the prospects for bipartisan tax reform because Democrats wo n't cooperate .
“ Most of the principles that would get the country growing again , they 're not interested in addressing , ” Mr. McConnell told reporters .
Mr. Rodriguez said the promise of tax reform has been perhaps the key to business owners ' optimism .
“ Execution is key , ” they said . “ I certainly appreciate what they 're up against with respect to health care . But the challenge is getting things done . I 'm hopeful they can execute and get things done . ”
The president tried to reassure small-business owners that the administration is “ pursuing bold tax cuts so that our companies can thrive , compete and grow . ”
“ My administration will be there with you every single step of the way , ” Mr. Trump said .
While the surge in markets and job growth receive ample coverage in the business media , Mr. Trump criticizes the mainstream press for largely ignoring the good news .
In the East Room event Tuesday with small-business leaders , the president even teased their new chief of staff , John F. Kelly , for not getting the press to give more positive coverage of the economy during their first day on the job .
“ They do n't talk about it , ” Mr. Trump said of the media . “ I keep telling Gen. Kelly , ‘ General , come on , let 's go , you 're chief of staff . They do n't talk about the all-time-high stock market . ' ”
Mr. Naroff said it takes as much as a year to ascertain the effects of a president 's policies on the economy , and they chalk up the current economic performance to a recovery that began during President Obama 's first term .
“ Given the rate of growth during the first half of this year , it is clear that we are still expanding , adding jobs and improving wages at the same pace we have seen since the end of the Great Recession , ” they said . “ In other words , nothing has changed . ”
Mr. Trump predicted that the economy will soon hit the self-proclaimed target of 3 percent GDP growth per year .
“ Do n't worry about the 3 percent . We 're going to be higher than 3 percent in the not-too-distant future , ” they said . “ The jobs are coming , pouring back . Factories are coming , pouring back into our country . Jobs are coming back . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
( CNN ) — It 's the repair job that 's so ugly you can probably see it from space .
A 700-year-old `` wild '' stretch of China 's Great Wall has been covered in a smooth , white trail of cement under orders from Suizhong county 's Cultural Relics Bureau , Sina reported on Wednesday .
The repairs were carried out in 2014 , but they only came to public attention recently .
Public decries the Chinese government 's decision to repair a 700-year-old stretch of China 's Great Wall with a smooth , white trail of cement .
It was an effort to restore parts of the wall which have fallen into disrepair and are not open to the public , but the restoration has been met with condemnation by social media users and advocates .
The repair work took place near the border of Liaoning and Hebei province and photos of the results were widely shared by Beijing News on Weibo this week .
CNN has reached out to the local Heritage Conservation Bureau for comment .
Restoration 'took away history '
Chinese internet users have slammed the repair job , with the Weibo hashtag `` The most beautiful , wild Great Wall flattened '' trending online .
`` Glad Venus de Milo is not in China , or someone would get them a new arm , '' one user said .
A photo from before China 's Great Wall was cemented . Beijing News
Great Wall of China Society deputy director Dong Yaohui said the restoration work had been done `` very badly '' . `` It damaged the original look of the Great Wall and took away the history from the people . ''
Dong said it was important for the Chinese government as a whole to regulate and streamline Great Wall restoration efforts .
`` Although the local government was well intentioned and wanted to restore the bricks of the Wall , the result turned out to be the opposite . ''
If one Chicago police officer is to be believed , American citizens can lose their most fundamental rights simply by standing near an irritable cop .
That 's what two members of the press found out on Sunday , when an angry police officer told them they would be arrested if they did not stop filming in front of the Mt . Sinai Hospital . They were attempting to cover a tragic story of a little girl who was shot and killed over the weekend .
Security guards at the hospital reportedly called police and claimed that a reporter had tried to push past them and get into the hospital . When police showed up , reporters with NBC Chicago claim they respected their request to move across the street and into a median , away from the public sidewalk in front of the facility .
But that was not good enough for one officer , who argued with reporters in the road 's median , telling them that they must move . When they refused , they insisted : “ Your First Amendment right can be terminated if you 're creating a scene or whatever . ”
Challenged by reporters that they had not created a scene , the officer replied : “ Your presence is creating a scene . ”
One of the reporters ' responds : “ But this is what we do for a living ! What we do for a living is creating a scene ? ” Another reporter adds : “ You 've got a lawsuit coming . ”
“ I do n't care about no damn lawsuit ! ” the officer answers . “ F * ck a lawsuit . Just 'cause you sue does n't mean you 're going to win . ”
They then promptly arrested Donte Williams , a photographer , and Dan Ponce , a reporter for WGN-TV Chicago . Both journalists were detained for approximately 10 minutes and then released without charge .
“ Our members were attempting to protect and respect both the grieving family members of the child , and the memory of the child themselves during a very stressful time for all parties involved , ” NBC Chicago explained Monday morning . “ As always , we will carefully review the allegations in the event further action is warranted . ”
This video is from NBC Chicago , published Monday , March 19 , 2012 .
View more videos at : //nbcchicago.com .
Doctor Barnardo
Almost everyone has heard of the name ‘ Doctor Barnardo ' , yet very few people actually know a great deal about the man and their work . Most people are aware of their involvement with the ‘ Ragged Schools ' starting with their first in Hope Place , Limehouse in the East End of London .
Thomas Barnardo was born in Dublin , Ireland , in 1845 , the son of John Barnardo , and their wife , Abigail . They were one of 5 children ( sadly one sibling died during childbirth ) . A devoutly religious man , and a member of the Plymouth Brethren , it was the young Thomas Barnardo 's initial wish to devote themselves to evangelical Christian work in China .
With the help of their friends in Dublin they registered as a medical student in the prestigious London Hospital , and moved to the East End of London in 1866 , settling into lodgings at 30 Coburn Street , Stepney – although they do not appear to have begun their studies until 1867 .
Whilst they may have studied at the London Hospital , they never actually completed the course to earn their doctorate there . ( Although they were widely and universally known as ‘ Doctor ' Barnardo throughout their life , they never actually qualified as a doctor until they completed their studies and became a Licentiate and Fellow of The Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh on 31st March 1876 ) .
A few short months after they arrived in Stepney , an outbreak of cholera swept through the East End , which killed over three thousand people , and which left most families destitute and fragmented . At that time , London was a capital city that was struggling to cope with the effects of the Industrial Revolution . The population had increased by a huge amount and much of this increase was concentrated in the East End , where overcrowding , bad housing , unemployment , poverty and disease were already well established . Thousands of children ended up having to sleep on the streets and many others were forced to beg after being maimed in factories . ( see The Match Girls )
Appalled by the situation Barnardo set up a Mission in Hope Place , Stepney , where poor children could get a basic education . On one particular occasion a young boy at the Mission , named Jim Jarvis , recounted a tale that Barnardo subsequently recorded in their book ‘ Night and Day'…
One evening , the attendants at the Ragged School had met as usual , and at about half past nine o'clock , were separating to their homes . A little lad , whom we had noticed listening very attentively during the evening , was amongst the last to leave , and their steps were slow and unwilling .
‘ Come , my lad , had you better get home ? It 's very late . Mother will be coming for you . '
‘ Please sir , let me stop ! Please let me stay . I wo n't do any harm ' .
‘ Your mother will wonder what kept you so late . '
‘ I ai n't got no mother . '
‘ Have n't got a mother , boy ? Where do you live ? '
‘ Do n't live anywhere . '
‘ Well , but where did you sleep last night ? '
‘ Down in Whitechapel , sir , along the Haymarket in one of them carts as is filled with hay ; and I met a chap and they telled me to come here to school , as perhaps you 'd let me lie near the fire all night . '
Jim Jarvis took Thomas Barnardo around the Petticoat Lane area of the East End showing them children sleeping on roofs and in gutters . The experience affected Barnardo so deeply , that they decided to devote themselves to helping destitute children .
They regularly went on forays into the slum district to find destitute boys , and was attacked and beaten on a number of occasions , suffering two broken ribs on one visit . Finally , in 1870 , Barnardo opened their first ‘ Ragged School for Boys ' at 18 Stepney Causeway , in the East End . Spaces in the school were limited , and on one evening , an 11-year old boy , named John Somers ( who was nicknamed ‘ Carrots ' ) was turned away because the shelter was full . They were found dead two days later from malnutrition and exposure . Barnardo was appalled and from then on the boys ' home bore a sign reading – ‘ No Destitute Child Ever Refused Admission ' .
Eventually , Doctor Barnardo bought up a dozen properties in and around the East End , together with their Girls ' Village Home in Barkingside , which comprised a collection of cottages around a green housing 1,500 girls .
By the time a child left Barnardo 's they were able to make their own way in the world – the girls had been equipped with domestic skills and the boys had been taught a craft or trade .
As they approached their fiftieth birthday , Thomas Barnardo 's health was ailing as their workload began to take its toll . It became apparent that they had some sort of heart complaint – and they were instructed to take a period of absolute rest . However , they felt that they still had so much to do , and began working again at the same pace as before . By 1903 , Barnardo was in significant difficulties and despite a number of periods of convalescence they died on 19th September , 1905
From the foundation of the first Barnardo 's home in 1870 to the date of Barnardo 's death , nearly 100,000 children had been rescued , trained and given a better life .
Much of Barnardo 's work and an example of just what a Ragged ( or Free ) school was like can be experienced by visiting the Ragged School Museum – housed in three canalside properties in Copperfield Road , E3 .
World-famous and beloved Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been `` disappeared '' by China 's state security forces . Every trace of Ai 's life and art have been erased from the Chinese internet , and their only hope may be a global outcry for their release .
Fearful of the pro-democracy protests sweeping the world , the government has cracked down on hundreds of free-thinking Chinese artists , intellectuals , students and citizens . But across the world , artists and art-lovers have begun to speak out in solidarity with Ai .
Chinese elites love buying contemporary art , and are planning a huge art fair in Beijing . If international galleries and artists withdraw from the fair , they 'll send shockwaves through the regime . Let 's build a massive global wave of support for top gallerists and artists to stop exhibiting in China until Ai Weiwei is freed . We 'll deliver it at the Venice Biennale exhibition soon , and publish the reactions of major galleries and artists .
Any coulrophobics residing in the Austin , Texas area should steer as far away from the Alamo Drafthouse as possible on the night of Saturday , Sept. 9 — otherwise , you 'll float , too . The movie theater chain announced a special clowns-only screening of It movie , directed by Andy Muschietti and starring Bill Skarsgard as this latest iteration of Stephen King 's demonic jester , Pennywise .
Back when Drafthouse announced women-only screenings in honor of Wonder Woman , the company received a lot of sexist remarks on social media . But one of them contained the kernel that seemingly sparked this next screening concept .
“ Will there be a male only screening for Thor : Ragnarok or a special screening for It that 's only for those who identify as clowns ? ” one user wrote on Facebook . Drafthouse wrote back in response , “ We might actually have to steal that clown idea . ”
Guess they were serious .
“ For this special screening of It , all attendees should arrive dressed as a clown in order to attend. ” That statement alone , which is posted to the Alamo theater 's website , is enough to send chills down your spine . But if this is your idea of a fun night out , the theater will also feature a “ Barrel O ' Fun , ” a pre-party beginning at 5:30 p.m. with face paint stations , photo booths , and raffles .
Subscribe to EW 's Movies newsletter to get the latest news in your inbox
The screening will then begin at 7:00 p.m .
Based on the iconic King novel , It follows a group of junior high outcasts , dubbed “ The Losers Club , ” who must face their worst nightmares in the form of Pennywise after a number of children in their town go missing . Jaeden Lieberher , Jeremy Ray Taylor , Sophia Lillis , Finn Wolfhard , Wyatt Oleff , Chosen Jacobs , Jack Dylan Grazer , and Nicholas Hamilton star .
The film will open in theaters on Sept. 8 .
Silver coins dating back to the Maccabean Period ( from around 126 BCE ) have been found at an archeological excavation site near Modi'in . The project is led by the Israel Antiquities Authority ( IAA ) , and the digging is part the construction of a new neighborhood in the Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut Municipality .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The treasure is presumed to have been hidden in a cranny adjacent to a large agrarian manor that was also discovered as part of the excavation project . Abraham Tendler , who is managing the excavation for the IAA , described the discovery as `` a rare find of silver coins from the Late Hellenistic Period that includes shekels and half shekels . '' They identified the profiles minted on the coins as King Antioch IV and their brother , Demetrios II .
`` The treasure is a fascinating piece of evidence showing that after saving for months and months , one of the people living in the manor had to leave for an unknown reason , '' explained Tendler . `` He must have hid their money here , hoping to reclaim it later . Apparently , they were not so lucky , as they do n't seem to have ever returned for it . It 's exciting to think that this treasure had been waiting here for some 2,140 years until we discovered it . ''
A coin of Antioch VII with others found at the site ( Photo : Clara Amit )
In addition to silver coins , the excavation also uncovered many bronze coins with the names of such Jewish Maccabean leaders as Yohanan , Yudah , and Matthathias .
The excavation also found apparent that possibly point to the manor inhabitants ' possible participation in the Maccabees ' first revolt against the Romans in 66 CE , as some of the coins read `` Year 2 '' ( of the revolt ) , as well as the slogan , `` Freedom of Zion . ''
The excavation site ( Photo courtesy of Israel Antiquities Authority )
The excavation found that the manor was still operating in 70 CE , and as such , according to Tendler , `` It appears that the manor 's inhabitants held onto hope that they would still break free from Rome . '' They assessed , `` They were preparing to fight as part of the Bar Kokhba Revolt . ''
As the excavation continued , it was found that those who lived in the manor had prepared for a battle by building a fortified wall and hiding places beneath the floors . `` A beautiful mikveh ( ritual bath ) was also uncovered , '' said Tendler . `` And as we kept digging , we unearthed an opening to an intricate tunnel system used for hiding , with many findings from the Bar-Kokhba Revolt . ''
Minister of Culture and Sport Miri Regev ( Likud ) was particularly joyous for the discovery . `` The treasure and manor that were found provide us , once more , with irrefutable archeological evidence of the continuous settlement of Jews in the Jerusalem and Judea areas for hundreds of years . The discovery constitutes another exciting testimony to the Jewish people 's connection to its homeland . ''
This article deals with the problem of Google Analytics referrer spam ( prominent referral spammers are semalt , darodar , buttons-for-website ) . I explain why and how it actually happens , why currently proposed solutions fail and I describe a working , albeit not perfect solution for the issue .
Contents ( click to jump to that part ) :
The problem of Google Analytics referrer spam
A lot of webmaster forums and blogs are lit up by a fairly new issue : Google Analytics referrer spam . That 's basically phony traffic appearing in your analytics reports that says that users came to your site referred by a domain that does n't really have a link to you . You , curious of the traffic , which often also has a 100 % bounce rate , go to the referrer URL , only to be bombarded by ads or worse : malware , sneaky affiliate redirects , etc . Some of them want to sell website owners , hungry for traffic , their online marketing services .
Here is what it might look like for you :
Here we see some of the worst offenders : semalt , darodar and buttons-for-website . If you are seeing referrer traffic from such domains , be sure that this is referrer spam . Ideally you SHOULD NOT VISIT those URLs to check them out . If you visit , make sure to have a good anti-virus software or use a virtual machine .
Why is such traffic a problem ? First , it wastes your time , just as plain old e-mail spam . Second , it pollutes your stats and skews your metrics , especially if you have a site with fairly little traffic ( which is most sites ) . Third – see above .
How does referrer spam work ?
Many people assume that since a session is registered in Google Analytics that means somebody – a person , or a software robot , visited their site and that visit was picked up by GA . They would be wrong in the case of referral spam and in general . Google Analytics relies on the client 's browser to execute a certain piece of JavaScript that makes an HTTP request to the Google Analytics servers , which then register a hit on the website and sets up a cookie on the user 's browser . However , the HTTP request can be sent by any device connected to the internet and if it contains all requisites it will still register a hit with Google Analytics .
Furthermore , not so long ago Google announced the Measurement Protocol which provides an interface for a server to communicate to Google Analytics directly via an official protocol . This was possible before , but was not documented . It 's intent is to allow companies to connect different systems to Google Analytics and to collect offline data to accompany the data , collected by web surfers . Examples of systems that would use the protocol are phone-tracking solutions , POS systems , offline reservation systems , CRM systems , etc .
However , since there is no authentication in this whole process , virtually anybody can send hits for your website , just by knowing your UA-ID ( UA-XXXXXXX-XX ) . This is exactly what spammers are using to pollute your data .
Here is a scheme of how all this works :
Everything can be spoofed ( forged ) during these interactions . Hostname ? Yes . Referrer data ? Yes . Campaign tracking data ? Yes . URL paths ? Yes . And so on , you get the idea . This is well documented in the Measurement Protocol parameter reference guide .
As you can see on the scheme above , a spammer does n't even need to connect to your server in order to push their referrer spam . He 's connecting straight to the Google Analytics servers , thus leaving no trace of their activities on your side . This also makes it impossible to cut them off by standard security measures on your side .
How NOT to fix referrer spam
Now that we know how the spam is actually done , let 's quickly go over some solutions that I see proposed at several blogs and forums and why each of them will not help you :
1 . Apply a GA view filter in by “ Referrer ” to exclude traffic from these referrers .
- > This does n't work as they are not setting the referrer field , rather the Campaign Source field .
2 . Apply a GA view filter to allow only traffic that originated only on your hostname ( yourdomain.com ) .
- > This does n't work as they can easily set the hostname to your own . And they actually do :
As you can see , most of the spammers faked the hostname with ease . The rest will soon follow…
EDIT : see Solution UPDATE below .
3 . Exclude the traffic from the “ Referrer Exclusion List ” ( if you are using Universal Analytics ) .
- > Referrer Exclusion does n't work like that . It 's for preventing sources from starting a new session while a current session is active , e.g . third-party-hosted shopping or payment solutions like PayPal .
4 . Any kind of server traffic monitoring and attempts to exclude traffic on the server level ( htaccess , firewall , etc . ) : by user-agent , by referrer , by IP…
- > Since no interaction with the server is required for the spam to occur , these are all pointless .
5 . Use the bot-filtering feature in Google Analytics
- > Tested : does n't help one bit with those referrers and I do n't think it was created with such intentions in mind .
6 . Exclude whole geographical regions that are deemed responsible for the spammy traffic
- > A drastic solution , but sadly it 's likely that it wo n't work , since the geographical data can also be spoofed via the Measurement Protocol . Also , such an option is not available to all website owners .
7 . There is a curios approach that relies on the observation that currently spammers only fake visits to your homepage : “ / ” . It suggests changing legitimate requests for the homepage to a different URL using simple customizations of the Google Analytics javascript . Putting aside the many inconveniences this causes for an analyst , it 's very , very easy for a bot to just send data to a different URL that “ / ” , so I would not recommend going this way , even if it may work initially .
A working solution
( Last Update August 6-th , 2015 – updating further is impossible due to large volume of spammers and the multiple , constantly changing filters required to keep them out . Use as a starting point only . )
Currently , the best solution is to apply view level filters to exclude referrer spam ( not retroactive ) and also report filters and advanced segments ( retroactive ) . You can use this regular expression to block a few of the most annoying spammers out there ( pretty much every site I have access to is affected by at least two of these ) :
darodar\.|semalt\.|buttons-for. * ? website|blackhatworth|ilovevitaly|prodvigator|cenokos\.|ranksonic\.|adcash\.| ( free|share|social ) . * ? buttons ? \.|hulfingtonpost\.|free . * traffic|buy-cheap-online|-seo|seo-|video ( s ) ? -for|amezon
You need to construct a filter as shown in the screenshot bellow :
Or , alternatively , you can construct a custom dimension using the same expression . If you spot a new referral spam domain you need to add a vertical line ( “ | ” ) and then the name of the domain . Escape dots by adding a backslash ( “ \ ” ) before them . As you can see I prefer not to add the whole domain , but just the unique part of it , but this would vary between domains .
Unfortunately , as you probably understand , this is not a permantent solution , since we are ultimately entering a game of exhaustion . How fast and how many spam domains can the spammers register ? How fast can you add them to your filter 's regex ? How much productive energy will be lost in this uneven battle : it takes a spammer an hour to set up a new domain and start spamming ; it takes hundreds of thousands of analysts/marketing specialists/webmasters significant time to weave through stats , to identify suspicious traffic and to update filters accordingly… This is why that 's only a short-term solution .
If you are managing more than a couple Google Analytics accounts we would strongly recommend checking out our fully automated tool for tackling the problem : Auto Spam Filters tool . It eliminates & protects against referrer spam & other ghost traffic . It 's a set-and-forget , 1-click solution that works across 100s of properties and views . The filters are frequently updated for protection against new spammers that inevitably show up .
UPDATE : Solution Part 2 :
( April 29-th , 2015 )
Since referrer spam is getting worse day by day and Google has not come up with anything to help us deal with it ( see the end of this post and my other post on the issue linked below as to why ) and we are forced to manage this avalanche ourselves , I 've started deploying an additional filter to client 's accounts in order to prevent some of the new spam from coming in . This filter INCLUDES ONLY traffic with the hostname field set to a predefined set of values . Yes , it can be spoofed , but the less sophisticated referrer spammers that just leave this field to ( not set ) or who set a random domain name here will be filtered out . And there are a good enough number of these to justify setting up such a filter .
Here is how to set it up :
1 . ) Go to your Hostnames report and select a date range of a month or more . This will show you the hostnames you need to consider for inclusion .
From the screenshot above it is obvious that I only need to include www.analytics-toolkit.com for this particular view . I would not recommend including translate.googleusercontent.com in most cases even if that means losing some stats , as more adept spammers will just use this hostname to bypass the filter , without the need for a cralwer or a third-party UA-ID to hostname database .
2 . ) Construct and apply the filter .
You would want to use some basic regex here . For example , if I want to include all traffic to analytics-toolkit.com and a third-party shopping cart , hosted on shopify.com for example , here is what that would look like :
analytics-toolkit\.com|shopify\.com
DO NOT APPLY the above filter to your site without modifications !
It is very important to get this filter right , as otherwise it might result in missing statistics . Also , it does require some mentainance : e.g . when moving domain names , when adding new domain names ( third-party hosted shopping carts for example ) , etc .. As always , keep a view with the raw data just in case .
Again , if in your line of work you are managing more than a couple Google Analytics accounts ( e.g . you are a digital agency , CRO agency , etc . ) we would strongly recommend our newly launched fully automated solution to the problem . You can now use the Auto Spam Filters tool to eliminate & protect against referrer spam & other ghost traffic . It 's a set-and-forget , 1-click wonder that works across 100s of properties and views . The filters are frequently updated for continued protection .
Is a long-term solution even possible ?
If an authentication mechanism can be used to authenticate who can send data to which UA-ID , then , yes . However , the implementation of Google Analytics – no matter if it 's the usual JS tracking or via the Measurement Protocol ultimately relies on an unidentified client machine to send the HTTP request . Thus , any such request can be spoofed/forged and there is no workaround for this that does n't require altering the very core of the Google Analytics tracking functionality in a very , very significant way .
Google knows about the issue from as early as 2013 ( likely much earlier ) as confirmed by a reply from Nick Michailovski – one of the core people in the Google Analytics team , in a Google Groups thread . Their exact quote :
We 've looked at this . If you are doing a client-based implementation , as long as you can get the http request from the client , then you can spoof the request .
So unless Google decides to dramatically change the very core of the tracking part of GA , we are left to deal with the issue of referrer spam ourselves . And there is precious little we can actually do…
Does it end with referrer spam ?
The exploit that is used to send tons of referrer spam with ease can be used for much more malicious intents . The integrity of ALL your Google Analytics data is at risk and it appears that a willing and able attacker has vastly more options to attack than you do to defend yourself .
However , this is a topic for a whole new article : Malicious Attacks on Google Analytics Data Integrity .
In their first interview after winning the presidential election , Donald Trump said they considered same-sex marriage to be a settled issue and that they were “ fine ” with it .
This was a reversal of their comment calling the Obergefell v Hodges decision , which made marriage equality the law of the land , “ shocking , ” saying they were in favor of states deciding the issue for themselves . They also campaigned on appointing judges “ in the mold of ” the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , who was certainly no friend to the LGBTQ community .
Related : The only argument for marriage equality anyone should need
The plaintiff in that case , Jim Obergefell , said that they did not believe Trump when they claimed they would not go after gay marriage .
“ He flips on pretty much everything they say , ” they said . “ Saying it 's settled law — that does n't mean anything . ”
It seems Obergefell 's distrust was well founded , as we begin to see how LGBTQ rights are likely to wind up on the chopping block in the not too distant future .
There have been reports of a religious freedom executive order that would allow for a license to discriminate against the LGBTQ community , a draft of which shows that it would go even further to erode equality than originally feared .
While the Trump White House has done their best to quiet those concerns , and sources claiming their daughter Ivanka and son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner were successful in stopping its progress after public backlash amid media reports , LGBTQ advocates remain on watch .
And for good reason , as Trump spoke at length about the importance of “ religious freedom ” at the National Prayer Breakfast , and their pick for the Supreme Court , Neil Gorsuch , ruled in favor of such exemptions in the Hobby Lobby case .
Congress could also pass the First Amendment Defense Act , which would also allow for discrimination against the LGBTQ community , by protecting those who would refuse goods and services based on the beliefs that : “ ( 1 ) marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman , or ( 2 ) sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage . ”
Trump has pledged to sign it if passed , and Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently defended it in an exchange with Sen. Al Franken during their confirmation hearing process .
Related : Anti-Trump protest at Stonewall draws huge crowd
Providing a religious carve out to equal protections under the law could mean that while you get to stay married , you may find your rights in areas like employment , healthcare , housing , and private business quickly disappearing .
Meanwhile , lawmakers in Tennessee have introduced the “ Tennessee Natural Marriage Defense Act , ” which would result in the state only recognizing marriages between one man and one woman , and would require state agencies to ignore the Obergefell v. Hodges decision .
It is for this reason that the LGBTQ rights movement better kick itself into full gear , sooner than later . There is no time to waste .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
A committee in the Louisiana State Senate approved a ban on dispersants in the state 's waters on Tuesday as new evidence came to light indicating that the record volume of chemicals used last year in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon spill may have done more harm than good .
The new law , proposed by Republican state Senator A.G. Crowe , bars the use of dispersants within 3 miles of the coast unless they are classified as “ practically non-toxic. ” The chemicals , which are used to break down oil into smaller clumps and cause it to sink below the surface , became highly controversial last year when more than 1.8 million gallons were dumped into the Gulf of Mexico in the wake of the massive Deepwater Horizon spill . Louisiana has now become the first state to take up a bill banning use of these dispersants , in response to concerns about the potential environmental and human health impacts that the chemicals may have . The bill will now go to the full Senate for debate .
We 've written quite a bit about the controversy surrounding the use of dispersants in the Gulf , and the limited government oversight that created a situation in which BP was allowed to dump toxic substances into the water on top of the millions of barrels of oil it had spilled . The EPA maintains that using the dispersants was , overall , a preferable alternative to letting all the oil wash ashore . But the National Oil Spill Commission has said that a lack of planning for their use handicapped the government 's spill response .
Now , more than a year after that spill began , scientists are finding evidence that the chemicals are lingering in the Gulf . The latest science on the spill , from researchers at the University of West Florida , finds that the dispersants not only failed to speed up the breakdown of hydrocarbons , but also actually increased the amount of oil that dissolved into the water , as the Pensacola News Journal reports . This may have an impact on phytoplankton and bacteria at the base of the Gulf food chain , according to Wade Jeffrey of UWF , and “ may cascade itself up through other larger organisms . ”
A separate team of researchers from the University of South Florida said last week that they have found large amounts of dispersed oil are still lingering in the deep sea and potentially threaten the base of the food chain . They cited a “ dirty blizzard ” of dispersed oil and decaying plant and animal matter thousands of feet below the surface of the Gulf .
Scarcely one month after U.S. companies snapped up 85,000 H-1B visas allowing businesses to bring highly skilled foreign workers to this country for full-time work , the Department of Homeland Security is floating two new proposals on the immigration front .
One would help extend the amount of time certain skilled workers could remain in this country , and the other would allow dependent spouses of many H-1B workers to seek employment in the U.S. – a condition not previously allowed .
The draft regulations – which were recently submitted for public comment by July 11 , 2014 – would affect up to 100,600 spouses of guest workers already working in the U.S , and another 36,900 annually thereafter . The move , according to DHS , is meant to `` ensure that the U.S. has the most skilled workforce in the world . ''
An effort to retain foreign workers
The motivation behind these changes is to make staying in the U.S. easier and more attractive to immigrant employees . Spouses of H-1B workers , currently classified as H-4 , would be allowed to request employment authorization under the new law . Only those who are married to a worker who has petitioned for permanent residence will be covered .
While this benefit would surely be a boon to the H-1B workers and their families , it is hardly good news for the 9.8 million Americans still without work – 3.5 million of whom belong to the ranks of the long-term unemployed . Some critics , such as Jeff Sessions , a Republican senator from Alabama , notes that allowing this change will increase the number of positions already occupied by guest workers , estimated to be about 700,000 .
U.S. companies would be well served by this change , as well . Tech and manufacturing industries have lobbied hard to expand the H-1B program , while congress remains bogged down on the issue of immigration reform . U.S. businesses filed 172,500 H-1B petitions for the available 85,000 visas last month , and adding approximately 100,000 more foreign-born workers into the mix would essentially accomplish their goal .
Lots of STEM graduates , with no place to go
Is there really , as tech and other companies complain , a shortage of available American workers ?
As DHS says , H-1B visas are used to secure foreign workers in such fields as `` science , engineering , or computer programming '' . But evidence strongly suggests that there are plenty of science , technology , engineering , and math graduates right here in the U.S .
The problem is n't that there is a dearth of qualified STEM applicants right here at home – the issue is that U.S. firms are n't hiring them .
The Center for Immigration Studies , for instance , has noted that the number of STEM degrees awarded consistently outnumber the job openings available in the field , and will continue to do so well into the future . An article in the Columbia Journalism Review last year concurred , and pointed out that , in 2012 , only 38 % of STEM PhDs had found work in their area of study , as had 50 % of master 's degree recipients . Only one-third of bachelor 's degree graduates had procured full-time jobs , as well .
While there is no reason to doubt the qualifications of foreign workers – or their spouses – the idea that the `` best and brightest '' employees required to `` support companies here at home '' must necessarily hail from countries outside of the U.S. is more than slightly insulting to American workers .
To somehow infer that domestic workers can not learn what foreign workers apparently can is just patently false .
Is the DHS saying , then , that U.S. colleges are somehow inferior to those in other countries ? It would seem not : 20,000 of the 2015 85,000 H-1B visas are reserved for foreign students graduating from American institutions of higher learning – for whom domestic companies seem to have a preference , despite the high numbers of U.S. citizens graduating with similar degrees .
If the U.S. government and American businesses really want to help expand the economy , money spent searching overseas for workers could be put to better use right here , making sure that the country reaches full employment sooner , rather than later .
CORRECTION : During the weekend traffic will be detoured around the bridge project site for that portion of roadway that will be affected . For example , when working on the eastbound span of the bridge , eastbound traffic will be detoured around the work site , not on westbound lanes . This information was incorrect in an earlier version of the story .
* * *
Four weekends , totaling nine-and-a-half days , or two-hundred and twenty-eight hours .
That 's the window for the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation and contractor JD Eckman to demolish the Route 581 highway bridge over 10th Street in Lemoyne and build a replacement , all while traffic continues to move unabated through the I-83 York Split and Route 581 .
It is an impossibly tight schedule . And were it not for almost a year 's worth of prep work , it would be impossible to carry off . A traditional demo-build , by comparison , would take a year-and-a-half of phased construction , lane closures and nightmarish traffic backlogs .
The bridge rebuild is the capstone to the $ 23 million rebuild of the Interstate 83 York Split , a project that started in 2012 and should be done by the end of this year .
To pull it off , PennDOT and Eckman have pre-built the bridge , the two spans ( east- and west-bound ) taking shape over the last year in the construction yard off of Lowther Street . In the construction yard the spans are complete : They had to be built and bolted together to make sure they would fit in the space of the current bridge .
Starting next weekend , the spans will be unbolted and split longitudinally into three or four sections - each weighing between 120 and 130 tons - and trucked from the construction yard onto Lowther , then onto 10th Street . From there they will be lifted into place by a giant 650-ton crane - which in and of itself is a construction project , being built on site akin to a giant Erector set . The pieces of the crane , a special order from Austria , began arriving Thursday afternoon , having cleared customs in Baltimore earlier in the day .
During each weekend , starting at 9 p.m. Friday , traffic from the span being constructed will be detoured around the construction area . However , traffic in the other direction will continue to flow normally over the bridge .
Meanwhile , work crews will demolish the current span to make room for the new span . Once the old bridge span is gone , the new span will be lifted into place , then bolted back together and paved with concrete .
An entire span is expected to be demolished , moved , lifted , bolted , and paved each weekend , meaning that traffic should be flowing normally across the new span by 6 a.m. Monday morning .
It is an incredible orchestration of men , material , and traffic - one of the largest builds of its type in the region , if not the state .
Each day some 86,000 vehicles cross over 10th Street on Route 581 . To close the bridge entirely would be to suffer backups and congestion on the scale of the I-81 tanker fire two years ago .
But the 60-year-old bridge over 10th Street `` has reached the point to where it must be replaced , '' said Leslie Richards , PennDOT secretary . Richards called the plan `` an innovative way to move construction ahead and be the least impactful on the traffic around us . ''
An interactive look at the project
Over the next several weekends PennDOT will perform major construction at the York Split on I-83 . The project primarily entails replacing the Route 581 bridge over 10th Street in Lower Allen Township .
To help visualize the project , we put together the following interactive that shows how PennDOT will perform the work . This depicts the reconstruction of the eastbound span of the Route 581 bridge over 10th Street , which is expected to be completed in one weekend .
Note : This interactive widget requires javascript and a modern browser . Questions , comments , thoughts ? Email Nick Malawskey or leave a note in the comments below .
Beltway improvements
If the bridge is the capstone of the York Split rebuild , it is only a step in the longterm plan to rebuild much of the Harrisburg beltway . Last year PennDOT completed the $ 6 million resurfacing of I-283 in Dauphin County , and this year it awarded a $ 5.5 million bridge preservation contract for the I-83 bridges between the Eisenhower Interchange and the south bridge .
Next year will start the reconstruction of the overhead bridges on I-83 at Union Deposit , Route 22 and Elmerton Avenue , with an eventual $ 112 million East Shore I-83 widening project scheduled for 2018 .
PennDOT District Executive Mike Keiser said the work was `` a long overdue investment needed here in central Pa . ''
Work on the 10th Street bridge is expected to start June 5 .
It is discouraging that in a country that justly prides itself on producing great scientific minds and creative thinkers , that on a few key substantive issues we fail to ask—much less answer—crucial questions . Drone strikes are one of the most glaring and egregious examples of this .
These acts—which are sometimes called targeted killings , UCAV ( unmanned combat aerial vehicle ) strikes , or precision targeting—are at their most elementary level , killing human beings via remote control at a great distance from the target . In that sense , they are no different than an infantryman firing a rifle at an enemy combatant from three hundred meters away , a tank gunner destroying an enemy vehicle and its crew from four kilometers out or firing an artillery piece at enemy troops from a distance of over thirty kilometers . The justification for using drones , however , can be radically different from the standard we apply to ground combat .
The Laws of War govern the behavior of ground troops , airmen and sailors in armed conflict . The laws were designed to keep otherwise violent and bloody wars from descending into barbarism , which sometimes strips victors of their humanity . The Department of Defense has strictly enforced these laws on our troops during Desert Storm , the long Iraq conflict and the ongoing struggle in Afghanistan .
When troops are caught violating the strict DoD-crafted Rules of Engagement , they are punished , sometimes severely . That high standard seems to evaporate , however , when the violations are carried out from aerial platforms , controlled from a secret , remote location . The unwillingness to apply the same rules of engagement and standards of conduct to the use of drones is damaging America 's hard-fought reputation and , emotional arguments aside , is ineffective in accomplishing U.S. objectives . In fact , it is usually counterproductive .
Chas W. Freeman , one of America 's most experienced living diplomats , gave a speech at The Center for The National Interest last week stating that the decision to begin expanding the use of drone warfare in 2002 was one of the nation 's greatest strategic blunders since 9/11 . They remarked , “ This turn toward robotic warfare has evolved into a program of serial massacres from the air in a widening area of West Asia and northern Africa . It is a major factor in the metastasis of anti-Western terrorism with global reach . ”
Freeman added that “ The terrorist movements U.S. interventions have spawned now have safe havens not just in Afghanistan , but in the now-failed states of Iraq and Syria , as well as Chad , Lebanon , Libya , Mali , Niger , Nigeria , Pakistan , the Sinai , Somalia…and a toehold among Muslim Americans…We are creating more terrorists than we are killing . ”
The application of any element of national power—whether it is the use of the military , an aggressive diplomatic effort or providing humanitarian assistance—must pass three tests . First , a successful outcome of the action contemplated must advance American strategic interests ; second , the action must have a plausible chance of accomplishing the objectives sought ; lastly , the application of the military must not violate American law or ethical standards . If a contemplated action can not pass all three tests , it must be abandoned .
Based on an analysis of the United States 's actions abroad during the last fifteen years , it appears a different standard has been applied . In practice , our leaders have asked these three questions before deciding to take action : first , do we have the resources and technology to actually do it ; second , can it tactically hurt our opponents or help our allies ; third , how will this play politically at home and diplomatically with our allies ? The decision to use drones to conduct targeted killings can pass all three of these tests ; it utterly fails the three-question test that actually matters .
Drones are very effective . They can see , be piloted , and attack targets effectively from the other side of the world . Killing enemy targets no doubt tactically damages some terror network 's ability to function for a time . Sometimes the attacks help domestically , as it makes the leaders who ordered it look tough on terror and gives the impression they are not standing idly by .
But it is now clear that even successful drone strikes do not advance American strategic interests , they almost never cause more than temporal harm to the enemy , and usually result in hardening their resolve and making them more violent . Finally , they unequivocally damage our reputation and prestige , especially in quarters of the globe where we seek to influence people away from using violence .
America is a country filled with remarkable people who have done much good around the world for decades , sacrificing our own blood and treasure in the defense of others . We have some of the brightest minds and kindest hearts . But until we begin reigning in our use of technology that do not advance American interests or values , we will continue doing more harm than good to our own national security .
Daniel L. Davis is a widely published analyst on national security and foreign policy . They retired as a Lt. Col. after 21 years in the US Army , including four combat deployments . The views in these articles are those of the author alone and do not reflect the position of the US Government . They tweet at @ DanielLDavis1 .
Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs was introduced to hockey at birth .
Their lifetime in the sport was recognized last night at the USA Hockey Hall of Fame induction ceremony at the Renaissance Boston Waterfront Hotel in the Seaport district .
Jacobs and renowned hockey scout Bob Crocker were recipients of the Lester Patrick Trophy for outstanding service to hockey in the United States . Former NHL goaltender , coach and executive Emile Francis received the Wayne Gretzky International Award .
“ In 1940 , my father ( Louis ) had two great events in their life , ” said Jacobs . “ One , they had a bouncing baby boy named Jeremy and the second was they bought the Syracuse hockey team and moved it to Buffalo . I have been involved in hockey since then and it has been the fabric of my family for the past 75 years . I grew up with the game and I think among my contemporaries I 've probably seen more hockey than anyone else .
“ This experience is over the top in my life . I never anticipated this and it is extraordinarily flattering and extraordinarily humbling when you look at the group I 'm associated with . ”
Jacobs gave their approval of the offseason changes made by Bruins president Cam Neely and new general manager Don Sweeney . They also expressed their support for coach Claude Julien .
“ I think the Bruins are evolving onto a very competitive team and I think you are seeing the wisdom of some of the calls that were made very early and were tough , ” said Jacobs . “ I think that Claude has shown their colors , they have just been very strong . I think they have taken the team and changed them and he 's showing their mastery of the game . ”
Also , the four inductees in the class of 2015 were former NHLers Chris Drury and Mathieu Schneider , four-time Olympic medalist Angela Ruggiero and USA Hockey board member Ron DeGregorio .
Drury was at the forefront of college-trained Americans that began filling NHL rosters in the 1990s . They were selected by the Quebec Nordiques in the third round of the 1994 draft but elected to play for Jack Parker at Boston University . Drury amassed a school record 214 points , won an NCAA championship in 1995 , four straight Beanpots , was a two-time Hockey East Player of the Year and won the Hobey Baker Award in 1998 .
“ I think it was I stayed four years and got more mature when I jumped into it , ” said Drury .
Schneider chose a different but equally effective path to their 21-year professional career . Schneider was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in 1987 and turned pro at 18 .
“ My first couple of years in the NHL I had a coach named Jacques Laperriere who taught me how to be a professional and how to play defense in the NHL , ” said Schneider . “ If it were n't for them I might have been in the league three , four or five years . ”
Catherine Greig , the loyal girlfriend who spent years on the run with notorious Boston gangster James “ Whitey '' Bulger , was sentenced today to eight years in prison by a federal judge who said that Greig had aided “ someone accused of the most serious crimes imaginable '' to evade capture by law enforcement .
Catherine Greig was sentenced to eight years for their life on the run with James “ Whitey '' Bulger . ( US Marshals Service/AP ) —AP
“ We 're all responsible for what we do , '' US District Judge Douglas P. Woodlock told Greig at their sentencing hearing . “ We all make choices . ''
“ There has to be a price imposed , '' the judge said , “ to serve as general deterrence . ''
Greig looked somber and stared straight ahead as the sentence was announced . They nodded as the judge said a price had to be paid . They nodded to their twin sister , Margaret McCusker , as they were led away .
Advertisement
The sentencing closed another chapter in the saga of Bulger , a fearsome figure accused of 19 murders who once roamed Boston 's underworld while at the same time being protected as a highly prized FBI informant . Their connections with a corrupt FBI agent led to a tipoff that allowed them to flee and remain a fugitive for 16 years , until their arrest , along with Greig , last year , in California . Bulger now faces a trial in the fall .
Woodlock , saying that the case demonstrated “ how the criminal justice system can break down '' but also how the system could resolve issues , also fined Greig $ 150,000 and ordered them to serve three years of supervised release .
Prosecutors say Greig , 61 , was the “ key actor '' in a conspiracy that allowed Bulger to evade law enforcement . Assistant US Attorney Jack Pirozzolo told the judge today that 10 years would be “ wise and reasonable , '' considering the nature of the case .
“ Essentially , the defendant was committing a crime , day after day , '' Pirozzolo said in US District Court . “ This is a woman who by choice chose to help a man who has been accused of vicious crimes . ''
US Attorney Carmen Ortiz , taking issue with the defense argument that Greig was a victim of their love for Bulger , said after the hearing that the case “ was not about a woman making wrong choices because they fell in love . This was not a romantic saga . ''
Advertisement
But defense attorney Kevin Reddington told reporters , “ She 's in love with the guy . If they could be with the guy right now , she 'd be with him . And they do n't believe for one minute that he 's guilty or capable of these horrible crimes . They do n't buy it , they do n't believe it , and they absolutely stand by their man . ''
The sentencing hearing included brief but emotionally charged testimony from relatives of some of Bulger 's victims .
Tim Connors , 37 , whose father , Edward , was allegedly shot to death by Bulger June 12 , 1975 — 37 years ago today — was first to speak . They addressed Greig , saying , “ You are as much a criminal as Whitey , and you ought to be handled as such . … You are a cold-hearted criminal . ''
For the most part , when the relatives were speaking , Greig looked straight ahead , avoided eye contact , and showed no obvious emotion .
However , when Connors referred to the 1984 suicide of their brother , David , their composure crumpled .
Connors said they would have killed himself , too , if they had a sister like Greig . Greig gasped , then put their hands to their face and mouth – and started to cry . It took them several minutes to regain their composure . In March , Greig said in open court that they had sought psychiatric counseling after their brother shot themselves to death .
Steve Davis and Tom Donahue , who lost family members allegedly at the hands of Bulger , clasped hands outside the courthouse after the hearing . ( Elise Amendola/AP ) —AP
After the hearing , Patricia Donahue , whose husband Michael , was an innocent victim when they were murdered in 1992 , said they appreciated the opportunity to finally speak directly to Greig .
“ I was very nervous , '' they told reporters . “ But I felt really good to tell them how I felt . ''
Them son , Tom Donahue , added , “ It 's good to see a judge finally put the hammer down a little bit . ''
Greig and Bulger were arrested last June at a Santa Monica , Calif. , apartment where they had been staying since at least 1996 , leading quiet lives in the oceanside city . Bulger , facing a racketeering indictment that alleges they took part in a host of murders , was on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list . They fled the Boston area just before they were about to be charged in an initial indictment in 1994 , after being tipped off by their corrupt FBI handler .
Advertisement
Greig pleaded guilty in March to three charges : conspiracy to harbor a fugitive , conspiracy to commit identity fraud , and identity fraud . They faced a maximum of five years behind bars for each charge and a $ 250,000 fine .
Federal probation officials originally calculated that Greig should face 27 to 33 months in prison under sentencing guidelines , a calculation that their lawyer , Reddington , said in court papers accurately represented “ her personal history . '' They asked for 27 months .
But federal prosecutors argued for the 10-year sentence . And relatives of Bulger 's victims wanted them to serve the full 15 years
The prosecutors argued that the sentence should be tough because of , among other things , lies that Greig had told investigators after their arrest and their knowledge of the approximately 30 guns that Bulger had hidden in the Santa Monica apartment .
Woodlock initially appeared skeptical today of prosecutors ' claims that Greig knew about the guns .
“ Mr . Bulger does n't strike me as someone who would welcome the opportunity to share their weapons — with anyone , '' they said .
But they ultimately ruled that they did know .
“ It is apparent to me they knew there were lots of weapons , '' they said .
Greig , a dental hygienist by trade who joined Bulger in 1995 , pleaded guilty to helping them stay on the lam by handling routine affairs such as paying bills and the rent . They also brought them to the doctor , and helped them to steal the identities of homeless people and substance abusers .
Prosecutors said they enjoyed Bulger 's money and the life it brought her , they have shown no remorse , and their loyalty to Bulger “ overrides any respect they have for the law . ''
I recently had occasion to re-read Loren Lomasky 's wonderful article , “ Libertarianism as if ( the other 99 Percent of ) People Mattered. ” I wish I could find an un-gated version of it online , because it 's really something that deserves a much wider readership than its gotten .
Lomasky 's main question in the article is how libertarians should respond to the conjunction of two beliefs :
( L ) Libertarianism is the correct framework for political morality .
( M ) The vast majority of our fellow citizens disbelieve ( L ) .
One possible response , of course , is to conclude that our fellow citizens are evil . Some libertarians , in a more charitable spirit , might conclude instead that they are merely stupid .
Lomasky rejects both of these responses , and proposes instead that we embrace what they refer to as a “ Cooperative Libertarianism ” – a stance based largely on John Rawls ' idea of the burdens of judgment and the claim that reasonable people can disagree about matters of political morality .
Like all of Lomasky 's work , it 's a provocative and highly entertaining read . In particular , I thought their discussion of the libertarian mantra , “ Taxation is theft ! ” , might be of interest to BHL readers . And perhaps also relevant to some of the questions that Jason has recently been asking about the ethics of killing agents of the state ?
Read the whole ( rather long ) discussion below the fold . I 've highlighted what I regard as the most important bit .
Libertarians are wont to intone , “ Taxation is theft ! ” It is a clever variation on Proudhon 's “ Property is theft ! ” Cleverness is to be applauded , but not when it leads to outsmarting oneself . It is one thing to say that taxation is theft , another to believe it . Causal relations run between assertion and belief in both directions , and many libertarians who say it also believes it . They are mistaken . Moreover , they are mistaken in a way very difficult to achieve unless one is in the grip of an ideology . Taxation is not theft . It may resemble theft in important respects ; it may be the case that some of the reasons that lead us to condemn theft will , if properly considered , lead us to condemn taxation ; it may even be the case that taxation is as morally reprehensible as theft ; nonetheless , and with apologies for the repetition , it is not theft . The point is not semantic but rather phenomenological . The perceived reality of theft is notably distinct from that of taxation . When I return home from a libertarian scholars ' conference to find the lock on my door broken and my television set gone I am outraged . That which I expected to be secure from encroachment has been violated . The perpetrator of the theft has transgressed rules that both they and I recognize to be the de facto as well as de jure principles of cooperation that undergird a framework of civility from which all citizens can be expected to derive benefit . The moral ire I feel is , then , not some amorphous feeling that things are other than they ought to be . Rather , that animus is precisely localized : it is focused on this act by this individual . Moreover , I possess a justifiable confidence that my animus will be seconded by those among whom I live . What is primarily a violation of my rights is understood by them to be more than a private conflict of interest between me and the individual who coveted my television . Accordingly , I am able to avail myself of the formal apparatus of the legal system and the informal vindication afforded by a consensus among the members of the moral community that I have been violated and ought to be made whole . And if I am exceptionally lucky , this solidarity may even help me to recover the TV set . In nearly all relevant respects the perceived context of taxation is significantly different . I look at my pay stub and observe that a large slab of my salary has been excised before I ever had the opportunity to fondle it . This is an annoyance , perhaps an intense one . But it is not focused on the particular extraction . Rather , its object is some or all of the tens of thousands of pages of the tax code , the political order within which the power to tax is lodged , and the constitutional foundations on which that political order is erected . I wish some or all of it were otherwise ; that , though is the inverse of a highly specific grievance . Moreover , I can not count on the solidarity of my fellow citizens . That is both a descriptive and a normative statement . If I have adopted the cooperationist rather than the rejectionist attitude toward the society in which I live , then I am thereby committed to acknowledging that although my fellow citizens ' views concerning the ethics of taxation are , as I see it , mistaken , the perspective from which they adopt those views is not so unreasonable or uncivil as to disqualify them from moral respect . I am entitled , perhaps even obligated , to attempt to persuade them to think otherwise . However , prior to the dawning of that bright dar in which the veils are lifted and freedom reigns , I shall , if I am not a fanatic , concede the legitimacy ( not , of course , the optimality ) of the overall moral framework within which taxation takes place . It is , therefore , not only misleading but also an exercise in borderline incivility to equate taxation with theft , for if it is then taken in its straightforward sense , that pronouncement denies the legitimacy of the social order and announces that I regard myself as authorized unilaterally to override its dictates as I would the depredations of a thief . It says to my neighbors that I regard them as , if not themselves thieves , then confederates or willing accomplices to thievery . Is it pusillanimous to suggest that declaring war , even cold war , against the other 99 percent of the population is imprudent ? I would therefore caution libertarians to shelve the “ Taxation is theft ! ” slogan despite its sonorous ring , and if they can not bring themselves to do that , then at least to cultivate a twinkle in the eye when they haul it forth .
UPDATE : More on what Lomasky is , and is n't , saying here .
Tanaiste Joan Burton has said they hope to have a report from the new Low Pay Commission by this summer .
Tanaiste Joan Burton has said they hope to have a report from the new Low Pay Commission by this summer .
Ms Burton told RTE News this evening that since becoming leader of the Labour Party , their aim has been “ to help to get more of our people back to work . ”
They said returning to full employment by 2018 could be achieved .
“ It 's actually a very realistic target ; it 's a very ambitious target . Remember when we took office the county was ion the process of having shed a quarter of a million jobs . In fact the total job losses went over 300,00 , ” they said .
“ Already we have gained back over 80,000 jobs so simply our plan is to regain the vast bulk of jobs we lost . That obviously involves people who are unemployed in Ireland but also I want to be ambitious for the people who left Ireland and want to come home again .
They said it was the “ most important job ” that whatever recovery there is spread to every family and every individual and to get more people back to work .
Ms Burton said the Low Pay Commission will soon be established to probe pay conditions in Ireland .
“ We 're hoping in terms of the Low Pay Commission that will be established very shortly , that will have a report on that sometime around July or the summer time . ”
“ One of the ways of growing our whole economy is to boost people 's living standards and then they go out and spend a bit more . ”
They also said that they hope to address the issue of worker 's contracts with no guaranteed number of hours .
The minimum wage was reset at €8.65 per hour since they because Labour Leader , Ms Burton said .
“ We want people to get back to work but we also want people to have a living wage . ”
“ It 's very difficult to look after yourself and the family if you have no guaranteed hours . ”
Online Editors
The knockout stage of the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup began on 28 June with the semi-final round , and concluded on 2 July 2017 with the final at the Krestovsky Stadium in Saint Petersburg . The top two teams from each group advanced to the knockout stage to compete in a single-elimination style tournament . A third place play-off also took place , and was played between the two losing teams of the semi-finals .
In the knockout stage , if a match was level at the end of normal playing time , extra time was played ( two periods of 15 minutes each ) , where each team was allowed to make a fourth substitution . If still tied after extra time , the match was decided by a penalty shoot-out to determine the winners . [ 1 ]
All times Moscow Time ( UTC+3 ) .
Qualified teams [ edit ]
Group Winners Runners-up A Portugal Mexico B Germany Chile
Bracket [ edit ]
Portugal vs Chile [ edit ]
Germany vs Mexico [ edit ]
Third place play-off [ edit ]
Final [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Osorio was expelled by the referee in the 120th minute .
I can imagine there are billions of real life applications that Airtable helps with . Starting from simple ones like keeping track of all your manga comic books and issue and inventory tracking , up to less obvious like touring activity management and film production assistance . No wonder this tool has been used for a wide variety of cases . It was built to provide an easy way to create , maintain and use the database , which was quite a challenge for people without IT engineering background . I would like to tell you about another interesting case of usage and how Airtable advantages can be multiplied by using it in synergy with other software : Google Spreadsheets and Airtable Importer add-on .
Before we dig into it , I 'd like to note that this is a real life example . It 's not a guide on how to bring your children up , but simple advice on how certain software tools can help you solve real-life problems . Let 's start with outlining the issue : kids are raised in the social world with economic reality but without understanding the mechanics of it .
There 's no secret that sooner or later , children want to buy things but for parents it 's often hard to turn buying things into real life experience for the child . What experience would this particular purchase create in the life of a child ? Would they decide to buy an item when living in self-managed environment with less significant parental care ? It takes time for the youngsters to realise that being an adult means that you get the freedom of choice but it always comes with the responsibility .
First thing that comes up to mind is that as a parent , you should pass this knowledge and experience onto your child . However we all realise that limiting kids and just telling them what to do is n't the best approach as there would be no important understanding of “ why ” . Moreover , it could provoke an urge to rebel – totally opposite of what you , as a parent , would like to achieve . On the other hand , blindly following kids ' demands is no better as it may nurture a misleading picture that money “ just comes in ” .
Considering both cases , this brings us to the understanding that some form of a “ golden middle ” approach should be applied to avoid getting into both of the mentioned extremes . You can provide your children with a simplified model of the adult world : contracts , e-banks , credit cards . As a result , you motivate them to do the right thing from your adult experience point of view . This approach gives long term results and positive outcomes include :
kids evolve , learn , study on real life cases
kids move towards longer term goal , like making/saving money-units to buy something big
kids consider their choices and as a result respect others and their choice
kids have the feeling of discipline
kids have the feel of responsibility for own actions and commitments
kids take the initiative based on wishes
Let 's consider simple reward system based on badges earning . Badges can be earned by following rules and agreements , thus fines can be applied for breaking the rules . Badges have real money evaluation based on common sense conversion rate . Each child can decide on when to spend the money they 've earned . It introduces the responsibility of managing the exact state of their wallet balance . This prompts them to prioritise their wishes while knowing it 's not possible to afford everything at once . This approach brings and considers every purchase as affordable and reasonable from long-term perspective . It appears that this approach teaches kid to deal with earning money and making decisions . This also works as a simple representation of grown-up life with no push from parents ' side . Moreover , kids might motivate each other within a healthy competition of earning . Or warning each other from being fined .
Let 's talk about solution . Initially , we would like to keep the log of the kids ' earnings and fines in some kind of database . This is where Airtable helps us to do great .
Particular advantages of using Airtable :
kid name as a record link from “ Kids ” table
earning type as multiple select to keep track on what helps your kid to do good or what 's the most reason of kid 's fines
earning type as single select to operate different types of badges ( like cents and dollars )
timestamp field for later use
actual balance change ( amount of earning or fine )
Then , another table would give us overall state and budgets .
Airtable rollups help to get needed sums from the log table .
Seems fine , does n't it ? But what if you would like to see the continuity of the kid 's performance ? Badges can be earned within relatively short period of time which is still much better than fines . But I bet that you would like to see your kid keeping up the good work rather than exploiting the system just to buy “ that comic book ” . That 's the moment when Google Spreadsheets with all their math magic would come in handy .
But is there an easy way to transfer data from Airtable into a spreadsheet ? Copy-paste ? And then keep doing it each time you would like to update “ continuity table ” ? There 's a better way : Airtable Importer add-on for Google Spreadsheets . It would allow you to
link Airtable public view to particular sheet
re-import data with one button
rely on hourly auto-reimport
Then , by using functions such as SUM and FILTER and built-in color-scale conditional formatting , you would build simple monitor table with clear picture of how your kids are doing over time .
By sharing this example we would like to demonstrate how modern tools can be easily used to get common life cases more data-ish which is pretty much popular in tech community : )
And of course , we can spread the word about such great tools like Airtable , Google Spreadsheets and a small add-on which connects them together .
3 SHARES Facebook
Earlier this month , deadmau5 was offered to play a free show at Club Space after they expressed their resentment for Miami clubs . The details of the show were announced yesterday , including the fact that the show is set to take place at the Ice Palace . Today the $ 1 tickets ( with the $ 1 going toward the Miami Children 's Hospital ) went on sale at 1 P.M. and sold out within seconds . Now everything has become chaos .
As seen in the picture above , tickets have been put up on sale for egregious prices on Miami 's craiglist . As is expected with supply and demand , the sheer demand for the free show greatly outweighed the supply ( 4,000 tickets ) and the market has subsequently responded . Here is the kicker , though : the Ice Palace checks the ID of every ticket-holder , according to the following statement :
“ Ice Palace does not accept tickets purchased from Stubhub or any other third-party ticketing vendor . When arriving at this event you must show photo id that matches the name on your tickets . We can not approve any name changes if you have sold your tickets . ”
So now presumably hundreds of tickets are now in the hands of scalpers who have essentially rendered the tickets useless . This free concert 's intent hinged upon two ideals : giving deadmau5 fans in Miami a chance to properly experience their intricate show and proving deadmau5 's conceptions about the Miami club scene incorrect .
Has any of this been achieved ? Has the situation gotten worse ?
While Space and deadmau5 's intentions were honest , the execution of said intention fell flat on its face . The entire process became suspect yesterday when deadmau5 expressed their confusion over the details of the show . Apparently the venue , flyer , and entire event details had been established before they even knew . This oversight did not seem to be deal-breaking due to the fact that deadmau5 eventually agreed to the show 's parameters .
The manner in which tickets were distributed showcased a failure in understanding of both the show 's intent and the power of ticket scalpers . If this show was targeted toward the true deadmau5 fan , why was it open for everyone ? Want Tickets became a ticket-claiming blood bath and many die-hard fans were left without a chance to buy a ticket . Scalpers also jumped at the chance to make massive profits off a flimsy system .
In order for this grand idea to have worked , an entirely different avenue should have been pursued . For example , the show could have fared well with a “ first come , first served ” system at the venue . Dedicated deadmau5 fans would have lined up early and a no-reentry policy would have quelled the scalper problem .
If deadmau5 and the Ice Palace felt insistent upon the online ticketing service , other processes could have been implemented . A 4,000 long waiting line could have been set at a designated time , which would have guaranteed all 4,000 people a ticket . Another method could have included deadmau5 's subscription service to offer exclusive codes , which could then be spread among subscribers friends or acquaintances .
In the end the show appears to still be occurring but under less than favorable circumstances . With an unknown amount of tickets in limbo , how many true deadmau5 fans will be in attendance ? Before they deleted their twitter , deadmau5 asked everyone to just show up . Will the policies change in any way ? They have a history of changing policies for their events .
Despite everything , their set will surely be one for their true fans . Their recent work has emphasized beautiful piano melodies and funky breakdowns , which is a welcome change from the drop-heavy songs as of late . The event 's eight-hour run-time should also give the mau5 ample time to build up a set and leave their fans in awe .
February 15th will surely be one for the history books .
[ Photo Credit : InTheMix.com // Deadmau5 Facebook ]
Share On
A Harvey woman admitted pocketing $ 97,815 in cash from customers at the West Bank Jefferson Parish Animal Shelter .
Laquita Goudy , 38 , pleaded guilty to felony theft Tuesday ( Dec. 5 ) before Judge Danyelle Taylor of the 24th Judicial District Court , according to Jefferson Parish court records .
Employee stole $ 97,000 from Jefferson Parish Animal Shelter : JPSO Laquita Goudy worked for the Jefferson Parish Animal Shelter in Harvey , authorities said .
Taylor suspended an eight-year prison sentence and ordered Goudy to serve five years of active probation .
The Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office arrested Goudy March 8 following an investigation by the department and the Jefferson Parish Internal Auditor 's Office . A concerned co-worker kicked off the investigation with a tip to parish officials , the Sheriff 's Office said .
Goudy , who had been employed by the shelter since 2007 , was accused of stealing cash payments from customers for services such as vaccinations and adoptions , according to authorities .
Taylor ordered to Goudy to pay $ 97,815 within five years in as a special condition of their probation , court records said .
* Correction : This story has been changed . The Jefferson Parish Internal Auditor 's Office not the Office of the Inspector General handled the investigation .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As such , socially conscious researchers have always made a point of trying to figure out how to make life a little less horrible for those slogging through their autumn years . And , you know , to hopefully do it in a way that does n't boil down to `` Buy them high-priced whores every month . '' Fortunately , there is one simple , dirt-cheap method : Give them a houseplant , and make them take care of it .
Getty
`` This is my granddaughter , Jocelyn . ''
That 's it . In research conducted back in 1976 , scientists gave 91 retirement home residents their own houseplants to take care of , probably at least the third shittiest gift any of them had received that week . Half of the residents were told to care for the damn thing themselves , while for the other half , the plant was taken care of by the nursing staff . When they followed up , they found that the mortality rate for those who looked after their own plant was 50 percent lower , and those residents were in better health overall .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So , what 's the deal here ? Well , the researchers hypothesize that it has something to do with `` locus of control , '' or more simply , whether or not you feel as though you have some control over events in the world . You 've seen this at work -- how much more satisfying is it to build or create something with your name on it versus just grinding out your day in a cubicle , counting the seconds until lunch rolls around ?
Feeling as though you personally make a difference in your world vastly improves your mindset . Hell , it 's the only reason most people get out of bed in the morning .
Getty
`` If I die , who will watch my plant not die ? ''
The science backs us up ; this mentality is actually the best predictor of quality of life among nursing home residents , the one place where control is so scarce that just feeding a plant makes all the difference .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Obviously , though , you want to make sure it 's a hardy plant , because if it dies , its carer can wind up feeling more depressed . For the best results , we would suggest plastic .
It is with great sadness that David Beckett has confirmed tonight that their beloved wife and Coronation Street actor Anne Kirkbride has passed away peacefully in a Manchester hospital after a short illness .
David and the programme 's cast and crew are heartbroken and deeply saddened at the loss of Anne who has been a Coronation Street icon for 44 years .
`` There are no words to describe the sense of grief we feel at Anne 's passing , '' said Executive Producer Kieran Roberts . `` We know only too acutely how much Anne meant to the millions of people who watched them create the legendary character of Deirdre Barlow .
`` She will be greatly missed by the Coronation Street team who share happy memories of working with them We feel blessed and honoured to have known them Our thoughts are with David and their family . ''
ITV Director of Television Peter Fincham echoed Kieran 's thoughts .
`` Anne has been a truly loyal servant to Coronation Street since joining the programme in the early 1970s . They created a unique and unforgettable character in Deirdre Barlow and she 'll be greatly missed on and off screen .
`` Our sincerest condolences to Anne 's husband David and their family at this very sad time . ''
Coronation Street 's creator Tony Warren captured the feelings of all who knew Anne :
“ Anne was very easy to love . Them talent over the years made a massive contribution to Coronation Street . ”
William Roache who played Anne 's onscreen husband Ken Barlow said :
“ I feel Anne 's loss so personally having worked closely with them for over 40 years . They were such a loving and vibrant person . You always knew they were there because their laugh was never far away .
`` She was an impeccable performer with superb comedy timing and an immense gift for really heightened drama . We had some rows over the years as Ken and Deirdre and it was wonderful to play those scenes opposite them Coronation Street has lost one of its iconic characters and Anne will be greatly missed . ”
Anne is survived by their husband , David , their brother John , and their family .
David has appealed to the media to respect their privacy and that of Anne 's family at this very sad and distressing time .
Anne passed away on Monday evening ( 19 January ) aged 60 .
Abstract
How does psychometry work ? How can a person infer past owners , scenes , dramatic episodes from an inanimate object ? Psychometry is real and it is explained by Spiritism .
Psychometry
The definition of psychometry is :
“ The alleged art or faculty of divining facts concerning an object or a person associated with it , by contact with or proximity to the object. ” [ 1 ]
In the book , In the Realms of Mediumship , psychographed by Francisco ( Chico ) C. Xavier and inspired by Andre Luiz , the team that Andre is on is exploring all types of mediumship . In the chapter that I cite , the group is exploring psychometry . In order to learn in the field Andre and the team enter a museum . Their team leader , Aulus , tells the group :
“ A lot of spirits with minds fixated on the past frequent places like this for the simple pleasure of recalling it , ” remarked the Assistant. ” [ 2 ]
Once inside Andre perceives that most of the pieces in the museum are covered with opaque fluids . Spread around the fluids were points of light . Aulus explains to the group what they are detecting :
“ All the objects framed by those fluidic substances are strongly remembered or frequently visited by those who used to possess them. ” [ 3 ]
Some of the objects without the grayish mass are those that are not thought of or remembered by anyone .
Andre spots an antique clock . This is what happens next :
“ Aulus suggested that I touch it , and almost instantly on my mind 's eye I saw a lovely family meeting , in which an older couple was enjoying a conversation with four young people in the prime of their lives .
With that living picture projected in my inner mind , I examined the pleasant and stately room . The Austrian furniture added a sobriety and nobility to the ambient , which was decorated with vases of flowers and valuable paintings .
The clock was there as well , dominating the scene from an old wall , adorned with care. ” [ 4 ]
Hence , the clock stored the images via the vibrations of the memories of the people present . Aulus leads Andre and their co-workers through exactly how these phenomena operates :
“ The clock is enveloped by the mental currents of those still attached to it , much like the copper is sensitized by the electric current while conducting electric energy . As we examine it in its present state , we are immediately tuning in to the memories of the people who cherish it. ” [ 5 ]
Therefore , our thoughts , which we radiate in all directions , like a radio tower that is always on , accumulate upon the object of our attention . Aulus explains further :
“ Thought spreads our own emanations everywhere it is projected . We leave spiritual vestiges wherever we project the rays of our mind , just as an animal leaves traces of its characteristic odor , making itself easily trackable by the dog 's olfactory sensitivity . When freed from the dense body , our senses become more acute and thus we can easily perceive such phenomena within the sphere that limits our evolutionary aptitudes. ” [ 6 ]
As a bloodhound can sniff our trail with amazing accuracy , spirits can access any objects that have been associated with us and playback any scenes that are trapped in the article .
Aulus also confirms that one could use the thoughts attached to the clock to find the spirits who left their vibrations . Since each spirit has a unique vibratory identification .
One of the group asks that does the phrase , “ within the sphere that limits our evolutionary aptitudes ” mean that lower spirits could not detect the thoughts of higher spirits . Aulus confirms that hypothesis :
“ That 's right . Those who have reached a level that we can not even imagine have ascended to other realms , transcending our manner of being and expressing ourselves . Their thoughts vibrate on another frequency altogether . Of course , they can accompany and assist us , because it is the Law that spirits from a higher order can come down to spirits of a lower order whenever they want , but we , in turn , can not go up to them. ” [ 7 ]
Aulus goes further and tells the group that if the group concentrated more on the clock they would be able to discover the history of the raw material that the clock was made of .
Therefore , any inanimate object is able to record not only thoughts from spirits , but also from events from nature . All thoughts , all matter is composed of vibrations , these vibrations leave traces of their existence as they spread across the universe .
The world beyond ours , what the Druids called “ The Other Place ” is remarkable . The more we understand how the Spirit world works , the more we are able to comprehend the so-called unexplainable phenomena which occurs on earth . What our current culture would like to dismiss as mere illusions .
There is more to learn about all aspects of the spirit world around us . To understand about the forces that affect us in our daily lives read , 7 Tenets of Spiritism – How They Impact Your Daily Life . You will look at your life differently after you begin to explore Spiritism .
Author :
Brian Foster has a BSCS degree and a MBA . They have worked in R & D for medical device corporations and in IT for large financial institutions . Brian Foster has a blog at http : //www.nwspiritism.com .
Works Cited
Dictionary.com . ( 2015 , April 27 ) . Psychometry . Retrieved from Dictionary.com : http : //dictionary.reference.com/browse/psychometry
Xavier , F. C. ( 2011 ) . In the Realms of Mediumship . Brasilia ( DF ) , Brazil : EDICEI .
[ 1 ] Dictionary.com , Psychometry , n.d. , http : //dictionary.reference.com/browse/psychometry ( Accessed April 27,2015 )
[ 2 ] Xavier , F.C . In The Realms of Mediumship , EDICEI , p. 224
[ 3 ] Xavier , F.C . In The Realms of Mediumship , EDICEI , p. 224
[ 4 ] Xavier , F.C . In The Realms of Mediumship , EDICEI , p. 224
[ 5 ] Xavier , F.C . In The Realms of Mediumship , EDICEI , p. 225
[ 6 ] Xavier , F.C . In The Realms of Mediumship , EDICEI , p. 225
[ 7 ] Xavier , F.C . In The Realms of Mediumship , EDICEI , p. 226
Overview What is it ?
The Focus is a chuffing important car for Mr and Ms Car-Buyer here in Britain . The old car , in its final year , was our number three seller , beaten ( just ) by the Golf and ( substantially ) by its sibling Fiesta . It 's part of the proof that despite the seemingly unstoppable rise of crossovers , actual hatchbacks still rule . Of the UK 's top 10 in 2017 , only one was a crossover , the Qashqai .
The Focus also matters here at Planet Top Gear , because over the years it has been a consistently good drive , as well as throwing up some of our fave hot-hatches , under the ST and RS badges .
But the outgoing car , in its mainstream versions , was n't one of the greatest-hit Focuses . The bodywork had too many creases , and the driving experience was a little soft-edged . Both these were the result of it being designed for a global audience that included the US ( though it did n't sell well over there ) . The new one is set up for we Europeans . It wo n't be sold Over There .
More cause for optimism : it 's an all-new car . Yes a brand-new platform , engineered to be stiffer for dynamics , safer than ever in a crash , and yet lighter than the old – a reasonable 1,325kg for the three-cylinder manual .
Its profile is sleeker than before , thanks to a longer bonnet with more rear-set screen pillars , and also to a longer wheelbase . And we think the sheetmetal is rather pretty . The wind does n't notice it so much : aerodynamic drag Cd is a super-slithery 0.27 .
Inside , displays take the form of a tablet for most of the infotainment heavy-lifting , but conventional dials ahead of the driver , and none the worse for that . Also , a £400 flip-up head-up display shows speed , navigation arrows and info on the driver-assist systems , automated systems that are as comprehensive as any car in the class .
You 're not only assisted , you 're also connected . This generation Focus has a built-in SIM so it knows about traffic and can do online destination searches . Plus you can perform various tricks remotely on your car via phone app – finding it , checking fuel , locking and so on . And it gives in-car wi-fi .
Given that folk , especially urban folk , are getting wary of diesel , the 1.0-litre Ecoboost will sweep up most sales . It 's the heavily revised version from the Fiesta , and comes in 100 and 125bhp , with just 108g/km CO2 even in the strict new WLTP test . Oh yes there 's an 85bhp version in the base-trim , but do n't punish yourself eh ?
The bigger petrol engine , a 1.5-litre , is now also a triple , almost the same as the new Fiesta ST jobbie . It has 150 or 182bhp . For economy in light use , the three-cylinder engines can close down one of their cylinders .
The 1.5 diesel is all-new and itself full of clever fuel-saving engineering , and should clear legal emissions standards to 2025 , they claim . Power is up to 120bhp , and then there 's a revised 2.0-litre diesel making 150bhp .
The auto versions are a conventional eight-speeder , not the old twin-clutch job . They operate via a Jag-style rotary controller to save console space .
There seem to be nearly as many suspensions as there are engines . At the front it 's similar principles as before but all-new parts , with a wider track . Three completely different rear suspensions now turn up according to model .
The hatches with the lowest power now have a torsion-beam setup . Sounds like a retrograde step given it 's the first time we 've had one of those on a mid-size Ford since the Escort . But a hopeful sign : it 's related to the setup in the new Fiesta ST . It uses banana-shaped springs that push the outer rear wheel outwards as the car rolls in a corner , keeping the trailing arm pointing straight and the wheel better aligned .
Meanwhile , more powerful hatches get a short-and-long arm setup ( as the original Focus pioneered ) . Its advantages are ride quietness and steering precision . Finally , estates get a different layout of SLA system , with the dampers laid near-horizontally , to improve boot space . Top models get the option of adaptive dampers too , for the first time in a mainstream Focus .
Mention of the estate shows that this popular Focus body-style is here at the launch , and it looks pretty sleek but has a properly boxy load space . But as with the last generation there 's no prospect of a three-door hatch .
Never mind : an ST is already well under development and an RS is also highly likely if not any time soon .
Right now a semi-crossover , in the form of a jacked-up Active version ( see Fiesta Active for details ) is ready for sale . It 's quite possible that some time after launch there will be 4WD versions , because this same new floorpan will also be used for a new Kuga .
Shortly after Derrick Rose 's wayward shot glanced harmlessly off the backboard and the regulation buzzer sounded , Fred Hoiberg pointed to the basket for a third time .
Hoiberg had wanted Rose to drive . Rose , who had had fourth-quarter success getting to the rim after an 0-for-6 start , settled for a step-back jumper .
And the Bulls ' education continues .
Rose 's airball at the regulation buzzer led to overtime , and the Pistons ran away and hid for a 98-94 victory . That prevented the Bulls from starting 3-0 for the first time since 1996-97 and underscored the growing pains this offense is experiencing .
`` Jo ( Noah ) was running out to set the ball screen . ( Rose ) waved them back and took the shot . We want to attack in that situation , '' Hoiberg said . `` Derrick had been attacking and making plays in the fourth quarter . You trust them with the ball in their hands . They have made a lot of big shots over the course of their career . Unfortunately , we did n't get a good one there at the end . ''
Marcus Morris ' 26 points led the Pistons , who also got 22 points from Reggie Jackson and 20 points and 20 rebounds from Andre Drummond . It was Drummond 's fourth game with 20 or more rebounds in their last six meetings with the Bulls .
All the action from the Palace of Auburn Hills .
Jimmy Butler 's 23 points and 11 rebounds led the Bulls , who shot 40.5 percent with more turnovers ( 20 ) than assists ( 18 ) . Nikola Mirotic added 22 points and Pau Gasol added their first double-double ( 16 points , 12 rebounds ) after leading the NBA in that category last season .
But Rose , who did n't score until midway through the fourth quarter , shot 4-for-13 with five turnovers .
`` I should have pump-faked , '' Rose said . `` But it 's a learning experience . A young guy ( Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ) was sticking me too , so I should have made smarter decisions . ''
Hoiberg eschewed a timeout after Rose rebounded Jackson 's missed jumper , another example of the trust and freedom and instinct with which Hoiberg wants their players to play offensively .
`` I like flowing into it , '' Hoiberg said . `` You do n't let the defense get an opportunity to get set and hopefully attack them on their heels . ''
The Bulls were on their heels too often , surrendering 20 offensive rebounds and unable to contain Jackson 's penetration defensively throughout . Hoiberg tried Taj Gibson over Tony Snell at small forward late , allowing Gibson to guard Morris and Butler to shift to Jackson .
Still , the Bulls had that chance to steal a road victory in regulation . Rose attributed their slow start to `` aiming at the wrong basket , '' a surprising nod to their double vision .
`` We get a lot of freedom on offense , '' Butler said . `` We have to make the right plays . ''
The night proved odd throughout . A Jackson shot got stuck on the back of the rim , creating a jump ball . The Bulls briefly played with four players when Doug McDermott thought Butler had replaced them and had to sprint from the bench into action at the far end .
`` We 're being reckless with the ball , '' Butler said . `` It cost us the game , along with offensive rebounds . We 're making lazy passes , trying to catch passes with one hand , trying to thread the needle . It 's easily correctable . We have to make it happen . … We 'll be fine . We ca n't be stuck on this one too long . ''
kcjohnson @ tribpub.com
Twitter @ kcjhoop
Cats and beer ; two brilliant things . However , much like ice cream and ketchup they are best enjoyed separately .
Of course , locals and tourists alike have been amused by the `` cat pub '' in Bristol , which features 15 cats and beer on tap .
The pub is called `` Bag ' O ' Nails '' and it is an old-fashioned pub with a furry twist .
A photo posted by mary burgers ( @ maryburgers ) on Oct 10 , 2015 at 7:36pm PDT
`` We have 15 cats in the pub — we once had 24 but that was too much , '' landlord Luke Daniels told the Bristol Post . `` The reaction is mostly positive . Occasionally you might have some people walking in and leaving and some might be allergic to cats but people love it . ''
`` It 's a proper old fashioned pub . Coming here is all about beer and talking . ''
cat pub # bristolbucketlist A photo posted by Stephanie Marques ( @ ste_marques ) on Jun 25 , 2015 at 4:37pm PDT
All the cats were born in the pub , according to Mr. Daniels – and one even came into being in a crisp box during a quiz night .
This is undeniably a cute idea , and many people would love to have cats in the pub .
CAT PUB IN BRISTOL WITH @ aquagrrrrl A photo posted by Joe Mallory-Skinner ( @ malloryman ) on Aug 31 , 2015 at 11:33am PDT
However , the RSPCA told The Telegraph that they are not very pleased with this idea .
A spokesperson said : `` Interaction between people and cats can be of huge benefit to both human and animal , but we of course always ask for consideration for their welfare .
`` Some cats might not enjoy being handled by strangers and generally we do not recommend keeping a lot of cats in one place .
• Move over cat cafes - inside a dog cuddle coffee shop
• Cat café opens in London
`` We certainly would n't recommend drinkers sharing their favourite tipple with the cats , as alcohol is a poison which can cause them serious harm and suffering .
`` If people want to have the companionship of a pet , we would recommend people go to their nearest rescue centre instead and meet some of the cats looking for new homes . ''
Kittens and beer . What else do you need ? A photo posted by Andy ( @ sirandytaylor ) on Aug 31 , 2015 at 12:08pm PDT
So , fifteen cats seems like an excessive number , especially when the pub is full of people .
Time for treats at the cat pub # caturday # catpub # bristol # catsofinstagram # catladiesofinstagram # drunkwithcats # catbeer # meow A photo posted by rebecca b. king ( @ amillionredroses ) on Sep 27 , 2015 at 9:25am PDT
Also , it would be hard to monitor all of them and see that they do n't eat or drink anything that is harmful to them .
You can find your local RSPCA centre here .
Last week Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , made news by cashing out their 401 ( k ) plan account . Rubio explained that they needed the money for several pressing financial needs , including replacing some home appliances , paying their children 's college costs and to raise funds for their White House run . They filed a financial disclosure showing they withdrew about $ 68,000 from an account at a former employer .
Although providing Americans with a lesson on how to approach taking money from a 401 ( k ) plan probably was n't their motivation , there 's definitely something to be learned here . Let 's start with some tax consequences .
Marco Rubio on why he 's running for president
Withdrawals from 401 ( k ) plans are subject to automatic 20 percent tax withholding . So , Rubio would have received a distribution less this withholding , for a net amount of about $ 54,000 . Assuming their income tax bracket is higher than 20 percent , he 'll owe more taxes when they file their 2015 tax return . Also , because Rubio is n't yet 59 1/2 , he 'll also have to pay an additional 10 percent early withdrawal tax , which will be about $ 6,800 .
Bottom line : After income taxes and penalties , Rubio will have a little more than $ 40,000 of the $ 68,000 left to use .
I 'm not saying what Rubio did was a financial mistake . I 'm sure they thought about it carefully and was likely well advised . Also , given that their well-publicized action makes them look like just another member of the middle class experiencing the same day-to-day financial struggles as any growing family , I 'd say more than just financial matters were involved in their decision . It was good PR .
That said , you may also be considering cashing out a former employer 's 401 ( k ) plan to pay for some pressing financial matters because you have no other practical alternative ( emergency funds , home equity loan , etc. ) . But before you do it how Rubio did , consider first rolling over your 401 ( k ) plan account to an IRA , and then taking your withdrawal from the IRA . Here 's why :
First , three types of IRA withdrawals may be exempt from the 10 percent early withdrawal penalty tax , including withdrawals for qualified higher education expenses , for qualified first-time home buyers ( up to $ 10,000 ) and for paying health insurance premiums while unemployed . Rubio could have considered this for the withdrawal for their children 's college costs .
Second , unlike withdrawals from a 401 ( k ) plan , IRA withdrawals are n't subject to an automatic 20 percent tax withholding . If your income puts you in a lower tax bracket , taking a withdrawal from a 401 ( k ) plan will result in overpaying your tax liability , and you 'll have to wait until you file your 2015 tax return to get your money back .
But if you still want taxes withheld from the IRA withdrawal ( which I typically suggest ) , you can direct the IRA custodian to do so , and you can specify the percentage or dollar amount you want withheld .
The European Union announced Thursday it is taking Sweden and Greece to court over repeated failures to live up to bloc-wide laws designed to protect the environment .
Sweden faces daily financial penalties for its inability so far to license major industrial sites , with more than two dozen cases already the subject of European Court of Justice rulings still to be applied .
Greece , meanwhile , is dragged before judges for the non-implementation of existing rulings covering illegal landfills .
Both face mounting , daily bills without prompt action , the executive European Commission said in its monthly round-up of infringements .
EU law takes years to negotiate cross-border law changes , longer still to implement them and invariably requires court threats or fines and other penalties before the new rules are harmonized .
The legal point of reference in the Swedish instance dates back to 2007 , while the Greek row stems from a 2005 EU court decision .
In other actions announced , Britain was hit over a perennial dispute concerning sales tax ( VAT ) on energy .
Austria , Finland and Poland were rapped for non-respect of working time limits affecting self-employed transport workers .
And in a case that resonates given high-profile French tax defections to neighbouring Belgium , special rules there for retired expats hitting francophone tax residents also came into focus .
AFP/The Local/at
Follow The Local on Twitter
Their 12-year affair made Gennifer Flowers one of the most high profile mistresses in America . Now , two decades after they split amid scandal , the former news reporter from Little Rock , Arkansas wants to ‘ sit down and talk ' with Bill Clinton .
In an exclusive interview with MailOnline , Gennifer has spoken of their deep regret at turning down Clinton 's pleas to talk some eight years ago and revealed their belief that they would still be together today , were it not the birth of Clinton 's daughter , Chelsea .
They said : ‘ We have some unresolved issues that it would be nice to sit down and talk about now . They were the love of my life and I was thelove of their life and you do n't get over those things . '
[ … ]
Clinton , now 67 , also shared a lot of intimacies regarding their marriage to Hillary .
They left Gennifer in no doubt that the union is far from ‘ traditional . '
They said : ‘ What they have is very strong .
‘ It obviouslyworked for them but I 've never considered theirs a traditional marriage . '
When rumours surfaced recently of an affairbetween Hillary Clinton and their transition office chief , Huma Abedin , 37 , Gennifer was not surprised .
The rumours concerning Huma , wife ofdisgraced former Mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner , 49 , emerged as they stood by their husband in the wake of their recent ‘ sexting ' scandal .
Revelations that they had sent intimate pictures of themselves and steamymessages to 23-year-old Sydney Leathers – a girl they had only ever ‘ met ' online – finally did for their New York Mayoral campaign last week .
The scandal broke almost exactly a year after the shamedmember of congress suffered a public mauling for the same behaviour . Then , asrecently , their wife Huma Abedin stood by him .
This time round Huma 's loyalty raised eyebrows and questionsover why a woman of such accomplishment would stick by a man so apparentlyincapable of change .
Gennifer said : ‘ I do n't know Huma or the Weiners . I justknow what Bill told me and that was that they were aware that Hillary was bisexualand they did n't care . They should know .
‘ He said Hillary had eaten more p * * * y than they had . '
Read more
Some of the most prevalent criticisms toward Facebook have revolved around the inherent censorship of its algorithms and lack of security protections for users . Since the 2016 presidential election , Facebook has announced endeavors to “ fact-check ” news stories and flag “ disputed content ” to combat fake news stories , provoking fears of Facebook holding authoritarian power over what news constitutes news as “ real ” or “ fake. ” Facebook 's monopolistic power over content distribution is alarming , and users are left to the volition of Facebook 's leadership . In November 2016 , The New York Times reported that Facebook created a tool for China to censor news stories , possibly a condition for being allowed into the market in the country .
YouTube has incited similar criticisms due to its decision to pander to pressures from advertisers to demonetize users based on the pretenses of fighting hate speech . The move sparked a backlash from YouTube celebrities and alternative media hosts who saw it as an attack on the popularity of independent and alternative media compared to corporate media sources .
In reaction to the authoritarian power yielded by social media giants like Facebook , Google and YouTube , Minds has emerged as a viable alternative as a social media platform that grants users democratic control over how its managed . “ Minds is engineered for freedom of speech , transparency and privacy . Users may choose to be anonymous , if they wish , and free speech is limited only by U.S. law , ” said Co-Founder and CEO Bill Ottman . “ The software is free , open sourced and encrypted end-to-end for maximum transparency and privacy , peer-reviewed at Minds.org . ”
Ottman , a University of Vermont graduate who also serves as an adviser to Code to Inspire ( a nonprofit that teaches women in Afghanistan how to code ) , recently opened Minds to crowdsourcing investors . With over $ 500,000 invested , Minds broke the equity crowdfunding world daily record . Ottman 's goal is to run Minds as a community owned and operated social media platform that rewards its users . “ Minds channels organically reach 100 percent of their subscribers , ” they said . “ The Minds Boost feature expands reach even further through a system that rewards users for site activity with Minds points , a digital currency that may be exchanged for views on the Minds network at a rate of one point per view . ”
Besides points , Minds offers users incentives by monetizing their work on the social media platform . “ Minds believes that users should be rewarded for their efforts online and pays users points that may be redeemed for views on the network , ” Ottman said . “ Minds also pays bloggers for revenue earned by placing banner ads on their content , and any channel may create exclusive content viewable only via paid monthly subscription . Finally , Minds Wire enables peer to peer payments between channels in Minds points , USD or Bitcoin as a reward/tip for posting awesome content . ”
Ottman hopes to offer people a more democratic social media platform , in much the same way Wikipedia was created as an open sourced , community driven platform that proved to be a much better model than its competitors . As Facebook and other social media networks shift toward censorship to appease corporate advertisers and governments , Minds may offer a viable solution . “ They are approaching these problems completely backwards , and it 's creating unnecessary censorship , ” added Ottman . “ Users should determine themselves whether their news is fake or not—not a Facebook algorithm . Likewise , users should determine themselves how/if they want to be targeted with ads . ”
Russian authorities have charged two people with criminal negligence in the aftermath of the nation 's worst river accident in three decades . Meanwhile , a recovery team is struggling to lift the boat from the Volga River .
Authorities in Russia have charged two people in connection with a fatal riverboat accident that killed at least 114 people and has launched a recovery effort to lift the ill-fated vessel from the bottom of the Volga River .
Eight passengers still missing
Criminal negligence charges have been brought against Svetlana Inyakina , the general director of ArgoRechTur , the company that had leased the boat . An official with the Russian River Register , a government body charged with checking vessels , faces the same charges .
The victims included a large number of children
The two defendants will face up to 10 years in prison if convicted , according to Russia 's Investigative Committee .
The 56-year-old boat , `` The Bulgaria '' , sank in the Volga River just three kilometers ( two miles ) from the nearest shore during a storm on July 10 .
The vessel was carrying 201 people at the time , well over its maximum capacity of 140 passengers . Rescuers managed to save the lives of 79 people . Eight passengers are still classified as missing .
Recovery effort
Russia 's transport ministry launched an operation on Friday to lift the vessel from the Volga River . The recovery effort has faced an uphill battle due to bad visibility , snapped rigging and heavy silt on the river bed .
`` There are some difficulties , '' Rustam Minnikhanov , the leader of the Tartarstan region where the boat sank , told the Interfax news agency .
`` This situation is under control , though the work did not go at all as we expected , '' they said . `` The problem is that the front half is heavier than the back , which is full of silt . ''
Russian authorities want to bring the boat to the surface in order to determine why it sank .
Author : Spencer Kimball ( Reuters , AFP )
Editor : Andreas Illmer
Photo flash
I wanted a photo flash which I could trigger at will , the ultimate goal being either to have a slave flash automatically triggered by the built-in flash of my camera , or to try some high speed photography . The latter finally became my main interest .
The flash
I started by taking apart an old digital camera rescued from electronics junk bin . The camera itself was not working anymore but I was aiming at the flash tube and hoped it was still good . I quickly found the flash unit and tried to use it as-is but after quite a short time I gave up trying to reverse the circuit and started to design my own inverter-trigger unit mainly based on the original components . It was very informative to build my own circuit , but next time I think I will try a little harder to use the original unit .
The flash is powered through a USB cable and an external trigger input is available through the tip connector of a 3.5mm stereo jack port . The two other connector of the jack provide the +5V of the USB to external trigger modules .
The flash system is designed in the form of modules which can be connected to the main flash , or even chained to accurately control the flash trigger and timing . It makes it an extremely versatile and upgradeable system .
Sound trigger
The first trigger module I built for the flash was a very basic sound trigger module . As soon as the sound level goes above some preset threshold , the module produces a trigger pulse .
This is widely used in high speed photography to take pictures of quick events which produce some kind of sound ( popping balloons , firing guns , ... ) I used it to make my first pictures of water drops , the sound made by the drop splashing in water triggering the flash .
Delay module
The main limitation I came across with the sound trigger system is the fact that I could only capture a single moment of the drop splashing in water . To overcome this limitation , I built a delay module which can be inserted between the trigger module and the flash . The module introduces a settable delay ( currently from 0 to 100 ms ) between the incoming and outgoing trigger pulse .
With this module I could capture any instant following the sound made by the drop
Light barrier module
The combination of sound trigger and delay although quite powerful did not allow the capture of the instant preceding the sound made by the drop colliding with still water ( damn causality ! ) . That 's why I decided to build a light barrier which would trigger the flash as soon as a laser beam is cut .
Combined with the adjustable delay module , I can now capture every instant of the splash . ( This time I used a mix of water and milk )
See below for a video made from a series of shots with increasing delay . It stops a little early because I reached the upper limit of the delay provided by the delay module . ( this limitation can be easily solved by adding a potentiometer to the module )
Going further
My flash is not really suitable for high speed photography because of its rather long flash duration . To make better pictures I should make ( or find ) a flash with much shorter pulses of light . I am also planning to add another potentiometer to the delay module to increase the range of delays I can get . And finally I 'll improve my drop photography skills until I can shoot pictures as good as these .
Pictures
For more pictures of drops made with this system , go to my drops pictures page .
Video
NEW DELHI : A trial court has acquitted a man , accused of raping a girl who later had a child , on the basis of DNA test conducted on the baby which turned out to be negative . The court let off the accused and held that the girl had sexual relations with `` someone else '' . `` I find it difficult to ignore the DNA report , which totally exculpates the accused . The report throws in the probability that prosecutrix ( girl ) was having sexual intercourse with somebody else , '' said additional sessions judge Virender Bhat.Stating the prosecution failed to establish the case , the court said , `` The DNA report creates a big dent in prosecution case and makes it highly improbable and untrustworthy . The DNA of the accused does not match with the DNA isolated from the blood sample of the child born to the girl and hence the accused is not the biological father of the female child . `` The man , a carpenter by profession , was arrested in July 2012 on the complaint lodged by the girl 's mother , who had alleged that while they were away for their job , they used to visit their house and rape their 16-year-old daughter . `` The accused raped the girl whenever they found them alone and threatened them that if they disclosed the incident to anybody , they would kill all their family members . After some time , the girl felt pain in their abdomen and was taken to a nearby doctor and it was found that they were pregnant , '' the police had said .
Working in student affairs on a university campus , I feel like I hear the words “ intersectionality ” or “ intersectional ” said out loud at least 20 times a day ( no exaggeration ) . The word is regularly used as a powerful critique from young women of Color about how White feminist staff members do n't seem to understand the violence we enact . Often , though , I hear the term used by White feminist or “ social justice focused ” staff such as myself .
We use the term in many vague ways . “ We really need to be sure our work is intersectional…We need to be more intersectional in how we talk about student identities…Our teaching strategies must be intersectional and culturally responsive. ” I do n't use “ we ” in the royal sense . This is something I do all the time without thinking critically about my meaning .
But what the hell are we even saying when we use the term ?
We have students fill out “ identity wheels ” but do n't interrogate how those multiple forms of identity compound in our own complicity in the oppression of students . We treat intersectionality as if it 's simply a way to understand our differences .
Intersectionality as a Theory of Oppression
It is indeed true that the term 's originator , Dr. Kimberlé Crenshaw , called for us to “ account for multiple grounds of identity when considering how the social world is constructed ” ( p. 1245 ) . In this way , Crenshaw 's concept echoes Audre Lorde :
We need to be clear , though , that Crenshaw did n't take up critique of the ways that discrimination law erases Black women by framing “ subordination as disadvantage occurring along a single categorical axis ” ( p. 140 ) to paint a cute , liberal portrait of the unique experiences of Black women .
They were making a pointed argument about how the very law that feigned protection for Black women was further marginalizing them by refusing to consider their oppression at the intersections of identity .
In short , intersectionality is n't a theory of difference . It 's a theory of oppression . And when we treat it simply as a way to understand our differences , we erase its powerfully subversive critique .
Thus , we need to recognize that it 's an act of intellectual , discursive , and rhetorical colonization for White folks ( and folks with other forms of privilege ) to erase the critique of power from our use of intersectionality . Unlike colonization of land and bodies , this discursive colonization is harder to interrupt because it 's harder to see , but this does n't mean that the colonization of inersectionality is somehow not violent . As Zeus Leonardo and Ronald Porter point out :
“ It may be a euphemized form of violence , a discursive ‘ cool violence ' compared to the ‘ hot violence ' of economic exploitation…but linguistic racism is no less a violation…maintains links between material distributions of power and a politics of recognition…and lowers standards of humanity . It reaffirms Zizek 's ( 2008 ) insight that violence is part of the fabric of the daily functioning of social life where systemic and symbolic violence passes as natural ” ( p.140 ) .
Of course , it 's seductive for those with access to power and privilege to ( intentionally or unintentionally ) treat intersectionality as a frame for understanding how our identities are complex . But it is because of the fact that understanding intersectionality as a frame for difference erases the power I hold as a White cisgender man and the ways I am complicit in oppression that such erasure is an act of colonization .
This Is n't Exactly New : Racial Liberalism and Cooptation
What 's driving the colonization of intersectionality ? Said simply , the problem is liberalism .
No , not that liberalism , not the “ R vs D , ” “ the democrats are liberals ” type of liberalism . We 're not talking about partisan politics .
We 're talking racial liberalism in the sense put forth by Charles Mills and Kimberlé Crenshaw . Liberalism reflects a way of thinking about injustice and inequity in society . Liberalism as an ideology emphasizes reform – relatively small tweaks to fundamentally unjust systems – that preserve the overarching structure and as a result poses little threat to the racial contract .
Whereas intersectionality ( as a tenet of Critical Race Theory ) challenges the very foundations and structures of our society , demanding profound transformation , liberalism ( by intent or impact ) preserves Whiteness as property and the White supremacist , capitalist hetero-patriarchy ( to borrow from bell hooks ) .
Crenshaw makes an important distinction between expansive and restrictive views of equality , noting that critical activists , educators , and theorists seek transformation that impacts the lived realities –the actual outcomes – of people of Color and other oppressed groups .
Liberal reform , though , serves a “ restrictive view ” of equality , which treats equality as a process , downplaying the significance of actual outcomes . “ The primary objective of antidiscrimination law , according to this vision , is to prevent future wrongdoing rather than to redress present manifestations of past injustice . ‘ Wrongdoing , ' moreover , is seen primarily as isolated actions against individuals rather than as a societal policy against an entire group ” ( p. 1342 ) .
For example , the overwhelming and oft-unexamined Whiteness of teaching lends itself to a liberal view of equality in schools , and as such , there is a long history of liberal cooptation of racial justice projects in ways that serve the status quo and offer little hope of transformative change . The “ multiculturalism ” movement in education originally started as one calling for radical restructuring of curriculum and pedagogies to meet the needs of students of Color who are owed an education debt .
Such a radical restructuring would demand a great deal of White teachers , particularly as it relates to divestment from Whiteness , and as such , those committed to Whiteness have managed to coopt the concept into a liberal , feel-good approach to education that highlights “ food , festival , folklore , and fashion. ” Similar to what 's happening with the colonization of intersectionality , multicultural education was divorced from its critique of White supremacy .
3 ways that White Folks are Colonizing Intersectionality
Though I 've been describing the colonization of intersectionality in some really abstract , theoretical ways , it 's actually playing out in specific manifestations that demand interruption . Here are but three of approximately one million that can help to ground the abstraction .
1 . Columbusing Intersectionality while Teaching it as a Theory of Difference
Columbusing refers to the all-too-common act of White people taking something that was originated by people of Color , divorcing it from its roots , and re-appropriating it in some way that serves White interests . Ironically , I could n't actually trace the term Columbusing back to its originator ( though it seems fitting to perhaps credit Urban Dictionary contributor Harunei ) .
In the case of intersectionality , it 's rare that I meet White folks who are able to identify the term 's originator , and as a result , we often distort the term 's meaning , thus robbing it of it 's power . More often than not , I hear us use intersectionality as a stand-in for “ difference , ” as in “ we need to recognize the intersectionality in this issue = we need to recognize that identity makes for differential experiences. ” I 've even done it myself . Check out this slide from a keynote I wrote in 2013 :
First off , by simply calling Crenshaw a “ legal scholar , ” I ignore their profound contributions to feminist and Critical Race legal theory . Second , while I did name oppression , the primary explanation of intersectionality in my slide focuses on how identities “ compound to create new experiences . ”
My point here is to highlight just how common and insidious the Columbusing can be . In my slide , I did give credit to Crenshaw , but I twisted the meaning of their term in a way that serves White liberalism .
2 . Highlighting One 's Marginalizations to Avoid Accountability
Another common act that contributes to the colonization of intersectionality is using the term to avoid accountability for one 's privilege . I 've seen it countless times to avoid accountability for being called out on all sorts of unchecked privilege , though most often I 've seen it from fellow White folks . There 's the appeal to another aspect of marginalization with a surface-level appeal to intersectionality to shift the focus of critique away from oneself .
With White men , the appeal usually is to one 's class/wealth status to avoid being held accountable for one 's privilege , or among White Queer men , we default to identifications of our Queerness and intersectionality . But with White women it can get a little more complicated . A common way this happens is when White women are reminded of how their tears can function in spaces of interracial dialogue or conflict as a tool of oppression of women of Color , as it can lead to the centering of the White woman 's feelings and a shifting away from the critique that was offered which led to the tears . Many times , I have seen this shift done while directly citing how we need to be “ intersectional ” in how we offer critiques .
When a surface-level understanding of interesectionality is used as a cudgel against those offering us criticism of how we wield our societal power , we have completely bastardized the concept . No part of intersectionality as a theoretical frame demands that those who are oppressed temper their criticisms of those with power in order to avoid offending those with power because they also hold marginalized identities .
3 . Calling for Intersectionality without Doing the Work to Disrupt White Supremacy
Perhaps the most common and pervasive way that White folks are colonizing intersectionality is through the near-constant use of the term in White leftist circles without any clear attention to work to dismantle White supremacy . Phrases like “ we really need to be more intersectional ” or “ intersectionality matters ” or “ let 's make sure to bring in an intersectional analysis here ” could not be more common .
Yet when we are pressed to do work that might actually decenter Whiteness or challenge systemic White supremacy in our spaces , we do n't show up . A perfect example is at my university where students with multiple marginalized identities came together to offer a list of demands from the institution . More than a year later , relatively few of the demands have been met , and the very same administrators and university personnel who use the language of interesectionality constantly have stood in the way of possible changes because they were “ unrealistic ” or would ( for example ) damage the university 's relationship with Border Patrol ( a fundamentally oppressive and violent institution ) .
The Will to Realize Change
White folks in social justice circles have a responsibility to interrupt the active colonization of intersectionality . We have to demonstrate a will to change our own investments in realizing racial justice , part of which means pushing past platitudes and surface-level rhetoric to actually strive for more accountable commitments to people of Color in working for justice .
We must stop using the term unless we 're being faithful to the originator 's critique of power and oppression , particularly centering and emphasizing race as a central operating principle in the oppressive project that is Western capitalism . If we are using intersectionality as a frame for understanding the difference rather than for understanding power , we are participating in the colonization of the term .
We need to stop erasing Black women ( most notably Kimberlé Crenshaw ) in how we talk about intersectionality . And we must work for more nuanced incorporation of intersectionality , not just as a term , but as a way for understanding oppression and for working to dismantle oppressive systems in which we are often most complicit .
While there 's no simple playbook for taking up truly intersectional praxis , there 's one obvious place we can start : listen to and follow the leadership of people of Color , most often women and Queer folks of Color , who are living intersectional resistance and calling for accountability from those of us who are complicit in colonizing intersectionality .
Advertisements
Vote Now To Get PIVX On Binance !
Hi everyone ,
PIVX is in the runnings to be added to the Binance Exchange . We have some stiff competition , so we need your help to be voted in . If you follow the instructions below , you will be set up with a Binance account , given BNB tokens to vote with and you will see how to vote for PIVX ! Thanks for your help everyone , we can do this if we work together ! Every vote counts !
How to Register and Vote for PIVX on Binance !
If you follow any of these referral links , it will take you to the sign up page and enter your selected person as a referrer . The links provided are the personal links for the volunteers who have donated time and money to help promote this voting spree . Alternatively , if you have a friend you 'd like to give your referral to , please feel free to do so . Buer ( BNB contributor and distributor ) : 10757393 Gets ( BNB contributor ) : 10757939 Fused Helios ( BNB contributor and distributor ) : 10980839 Turtleflax ( BNB contributor and distributor ) : 10982385 Bobbywayne ( BNB contributor and distributor ) : 10981859 Sieres ( BNB contributor and distributor ) : 10980723 Fill out the form with your email and a password . ( 6-20 characters including uppercase/lowercase letters and numbers ) Slide the bar over and fill out the captcha box that appears . Lastly check off the Terms of Use agreement and click Register.Binance has a referral program that gives the referers a percentage of the transactions costs . If you have someone you want to add , get their referral number off them . If you do not , please use the code of one our volunteers listed below . They have donated time and BNB to help rally votes together . Binance will ask you to verify your email address . They will send you an email with a link in it that you must follow .
This will activate your account .
Click that login button on the right to get to the login page .
Fill out the form with your email and password . Slide the bar over and fill out the captcha box that appears . Then click Login . Mouse over Funds in the top right and click “ Deposits Withdrawals ”
Click on the BNB “ Deposit ” option .
Press the “ copy address ” button illustrated below . This will copy your deposit address to your clipboard .
Head to the Slack or Discord channel # binance_integration and post this address there . One of our volunteers will send you the fee for voting . Give the system some time to confirm your transaction . After your transaction has been confirmed , go to this address : https : //www.binance.com/vote.html
Check off the PIVX tickbox and click “ Vote ”
It will ask you to confirm your decision . Select “ Yes ”
That 's it , you are done ! PIVX thanks you for helping out .
We appreciate you !
Like this : Like Loading ...
Adam Tanner begins their book “ What Stays in Vegas ” by describing being tailed by East Germany 's Ministry of State Security , the Stasi , while researching the Frommer 's travel guide Eastern Europe & Yugoslavia on $ 25 a Day ( 1989 ) . At the time , Tanner was unaware they were under surveillance ; they obtained the fifty-page dossier security agents had compiled on them only after reunified Germany opened the Stasi files to those who had come under investigation . They tell the story to illustrate that gathering information about individuals is no longer a labor-intensive process , as [ private ] “ companies have fine-tuned efficient methods of gathering information … that would make the Stasi green with envy. ” Yet like spies , most data collectors remain unseen and are subject to minimal oversight . In fact , today , governments are “ turning to data brokers and other companies to supplement their own files because the private-sector data collection is so extensive , ” Tanner writes .
In “ What Stays in Vegas : The World of Personal Data—Lifeblood of Big Business—and the End of Privacy as We Know It ” ( PublicAffairs ) , ” Tanner explores the wide world of personal data collection , and answers the questions : Who is gathering personal data about us and what are they doing with that data ? Along the way , Tanner reminds us that public records and personal information are being used to publicly shame people—consider Just Busted mug shots , for example—and discriminate against them . In the following Failure Interview , Tanner—a fellow at the Institute for Quantitative Social Science at Harvard University— takes us behind the scenes and introduces us to “ this gathering and aggregating of data that you do n't see and may not understand the implications of . ”
Why did you use Las Vegas—and the famous advertising slogan “ What Happens Here , Stays Here ” —as the cornerstone of your book ?
In the world of personal data , Las Vegas is interesting on a couple of fronts . First , the basis of personal dossiers that companies gather about people are public records , and Las Vegas gathers more public records than other places , in particular marriage licenses and wedding records , because more people get married in Las Vegas than anywhere else .
Also , there 's more video surveillance in private spaces in Las Vegas than anywhere else , and a great deal of sophistication in the way [ casino ] loyalty programs are done—and loyalty programs are an important way in which personal data is gathered . All of that , plus the inherent interest in Las Vegas and the mysteries about what goes on behind the scenes there make it an interesting place to set much of the book .
Who collects data on us ?
Many of the biggest and best-known companies in the country , as well as data brokers you 've never heard of—like Acxiom and Experian—who are putting together hundreds and even thousands of individual points of detail about you into massive files that tell the world who you are , so companies can market to you more specifically .
How are they collecting all this information ?
They start with the transactions you do with them . If you buy something from a company they are now going to track you , whereas decades ago they did n't have a complete record of everything you ever bought . Then they often supplement additional data on top of that . It might be public record or other information about who you are , and they might get that from data brokers . It 's largely about trying to sell you goods and services ; it 's not to try and do evil to you . But it 's using a lot of data behind-the-scenes to target the right goods to the right people .
Can an individual see what information data brokers have on them ?
Traditionally , no . But about a year ago Acxiom set up a free site at aboutthedata.com , which allowed people , for the first time , to see part of their consumer file—what they think you are interested in as a consumer . I talked to a few dozen people who have looked up their profiles and some people are listed as having children and they do n't have children or are [ supposedly ] interested in a pastime that they have never had any interest in . But a lot of the data is accurate .
What do you not see in your file ?
You do n't see projections that are based on modeling . They model the information ; as in , who is likely to make a trip to South Florida or buy a car in the next six months . This is considered proprietary information because they have to do sophisticated data analysis .
Is there any way to avoid having your data collected and sold ?
For example , at aboutthedata.com you can opt out entirely , and a small percentage of people have—less than two percent . But the best way to do it is to be cautious with how you share your data to start with and to be aware what sites and companies are doing with your data . Some companies do not sell or share the data with others and other sites very widely sell or distribute the data . So you should opt out—ask them not to share the data—if you care about that . But as far as I 'm concerned , it 's up to each person to set their level of privacy protection . One solution is not going to fit everyone .
But when you open a bank account or sign up for a credit card or buy a car you receive that notice advising you that the company can share your information , even if you are no longer a customer .
But different institutions have different policies , so if that 's of interest to you as a consumer you should let your wallet lead the way , and companies that offer you that choice of what 's going to happen to your data may win your business . It 's not an easy thing to find out , but over time the companies that are most open and transparent about what they do with data are going to win attention .
The Appendix of “ What Stays in Vegas ” offers tips for taking control of your data . What 's one important thing you can do to avoid having your data exploited ?
If it 's a sensitive purchase or transaction—like medical data , financial data or sex-related stuff—you should think especially carefully about it . For example , at adameve.com you can buy adult videos and toys , and Adam & Eve sells mailing lists . So if you 're a marketer and want a list of women who have bought porn in the last six months , Adam & Eve will sell that . If you are buying something sensitive that 's the instance when you should pay closer attention as to what happens to your personal information . In that case you might want to buy in the conventional analog world and pay cash .
And what 's a proactive thing you can do to protect yourself ?
You mentioned the Appendix of the book and one idea is to use individual email addresses for different companies . You can set the parameters so that United Airlines has one address and Disney has another address and your local restaurant has a third address and they all bounce to your main email [ using a program like Abine 's MaskMe ] . The reason you might want to do this is if one company starts sending an excessive amount of communication you do n't want to receive you can just shut down that one bounce account . This puts you in control in terms of what information is coming to you .
What do you think is the next “ big thing ” in data exploitation ? Medical data ?
Medical data is what I 'm writing about next because it 's especially complicated to understand what 's happening to it . Medical data is also interesting because unbeknownst to most people when you go to the pharmacy your pharmacy records are sold and when you go to the hospital data about your visit is sold . And sometimes if you have a blood test that data is sold . It 's sold in anonymized fashion—for example , a 38-year-old woman living in such-and-such zip code had such-and-such test done . Then those records will be synched up over time . The problem is that as our ability to handle data becomes more sophisticated , it 's easier to identify individuals . So there is the potential of being able to see trends in health that we were n't able to see before . At the same time there is more danger to privacy .
How does the U.S. compare to other countries in terms of the collection and sale of personal data ?
I just came back from the [ 36th annual ] International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners and what struck me is how this issue is of wide interest throughout the world . There was a presentation from the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data from Hong Kong [ Allan Chiang ] , and they were explaining a number of practices that outraged local people in terms of how data was handled and what the companies were doing . Those practices are commonplace in the U.S. and do not stir up outrage from the public . Standards differ from place to place with America being a little more adventurous in terms of allowing the collection of data with fewer controls .
Is regulation of the personal data industry in need of a legal overhaul in the U.S. ?
First we need to have a national discussion so people can better understand what is going on and then we can decide what we are comfortable doing . I do n't think there is inherently anything bad in trying to know your customers and targeting offers to the right people . What has happened over time is something akin to the development of industry . You develop a product and then there are side effects that you had n't anticipated . It might be worth examining those right now when it comes to personal data , so we do n't have unintended consequences where lives are being damaged . There are all sorts of potential uses of personal information that can be humiliating or even discriminating . But I do want to emphasize that all the technology—whether it 's our cell phones or being able to shop at all hours of the day or night—has overwhelmingly been a positive development . It 's just that there are side effects that are worthy of looking at alongside all the good things .
Overview
On January 22 , 2018 , Congress passed and the President signed a two-year delay of the 40 percent excise tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health plans , also known as the “ Cadillac Tax. ” This delay was part of a short-term federal spending bill and changes the effective date from 2020 to 2022 . The tax was delayed once before through the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 .
No regulations have been issued to date . In February and July 2015 , the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) issued notices covering a number of issues concerning the Cadillac Tax , and requested comments on the possible approaches that could ultimately be incorporated into proposed regulations . While the tax was originally non-tax deductible , the December 2015 changes make it tax deductible for employers who pay it .
CADILLAC TAX What it is/fee duration Permanent , annual tax beginning in 2022 on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage . Purposes Reduce tax preferred treatment of employer provided health care
Reduce excess health care spending by employees and employers
Help finance the expansion of health coverage under the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) Amount The tax is 40 % of the cost of health coverage that exceeds predetermined threshold amounts .
Cost of coverage includes the total contributions paid by both the employer and employees , but not cost-sharing amounts such as deductibles , coinsurance and copays when care is received .
For planning purposes , the thresholds for high-cost plans are currently $ 10,200 for individual coverage , and $ 27,500 for family coverage .
These thresholds will be updated before the tax takes effect in 2022 and indexed for inflation in future years .
The thresholds will also be increased : If the majority of covered employees are engaged in specified high-risk professions such as law enforcement and construction , and For group demographics including age and gender .
For pre-65 retirees and individuals in high-risk professions , the threshold amounts are currently $ 11,850 for individual coverage and $ 30,950 for family coverage . These amounts will also be indexed before the tax takes effect . Who calculates and pays Insured : Employers calculate and insurers pay
Employers calculate and insurers pay Self-funded : Employers calculate and `` the person who administers the plan benefits '' pays
Employers calculate and `` the person who administers the plan benefits '' pays HSAs and Archer MSAs : Employers calculate and employers pay How a group health plan 's cost is determined The tax is based on the total cost of each employee 's coverage above the threshold amount .
The cost includes contributions toward the cost of coverage made by employers and employees .
The statute states that costs of coverage will be calculated under rules similar to the rules for calculating COBRA premium . How the tax will be paid Forms and instructions for paying the tax are not yet available . Tax implications Based on the December 2015 changes , Cadillac Tax payments will be deductible for federal tax purposes . Applicable types of coverage Insured and self-insured group health plans ( including behavioral , and prescription drug coverage )
Wellness programs that are group health plans ( most wellness programs )
Health Flexible Spending Accounts ( FSAs )
Health Savings Accounts ( HSAs ) , employer and employee pre-tax contributions *
Health Reimbursement Accounts ( HRAs ) *
Archer Medical Savings Accounts ( MSAs ) , all pre-tax contributions *
On-site medical clinics providing more than de minimis care *
Executive Physical Programs *
Pre-tax coverage for a specified disease or illness
Hospital indemnity or other fixed indemnity insurance
Federal/State/Local government-sponsored plans for its employees
Retiree coverage
Multi-employer ( Taft-Hartley ) plans Excluded types of coverage U.S.-issued expatriate plans for most categories of expatriates
Coverage for accident only , or disability income insurance , or any combination thereof
Supplemental liability insurance
Liability insurance , including general liability insurance and automobile liability insurance
Worker 's compensation or similar insurance
Automobile medical payment insurance
Credit-only insurance
Other insurance coverage as specified in regulations under which benefits for medical care are secondary or incidental to other insurance benefits
Long Term Care
Standalone dental and vision *
Coverage for the military sponsored by federal , state or local governments *
Employee Assistance Programs *
Employee After-Tax Contributions to HSAs and MSAs *
Coverage for a specified disease or illness and hospital indemnity or other fixed indemnity insurance if payment is not excluded from gross income
* As indicated by IRS notice issued on February 23 , 2015 and subject to future regulatory clarification .
How it works : Examples based on current threshold amounts
Note : These threshold amounts will be indexed before the tax takes effect in 2022 .
Self-only coverage
A $ 12,000 individual plan would pay an excise tax of $ 720 per covered employee :
$ 12,000 - $ 10,200 = $ 1,800 above the $ 10,200 threshold
$ 1,800 x 40 % = $ 720
Family coverage
A $ 32,000 family plan would pay an excise tax of $ 1,800 per covered employee :
$ 32,000 - $ 27,500 = $ 4,500 above the $ 27,500 threshold
$ 4,500 x 40 % = $ 1,800
These charts show how the tax increases as the plan 's cost increases .
Self-only coverage
Plan Cost $ 11,000 $ 12,000 $ 13,000 $ 14,000 $ 15,000 Tax $ 320 $ 720 $ 1,120 $ 1,520 $ 1,920
Family coverage
Plan Cost $ 28,000 $ 30,000 $ 32,000 $ 34,000 $ 36,000 Tax $ 200 $ 1,000 $ 1,800 $ 2,600 $ 3,400
View the printer-friendly Fact Sheet
People might think twice about throwing that question around if the answer was , `` Sure , but my manager might just beat the shit out of you . ''
That seems to be the case at a McDonald 's drive-thru in Minneapolis earlier this week , when one customer thought they were hungry for late-night food , but later decided what they really wanted was a little violence against the staff . According to a Youtube video posted by user `` Gabe H. , '' the fracas was captured just after Gabe had attended `` curling league . '' Instead , a hockey fight broke out .
The customer-on-employee attack was unprovoked , according to witnesses , and it looks like the antagonist got what they had coming .
McDonald 's manager Bernard Robinson did not take kindly to the attitude of customer Medhat Feshir , and was particularly annoyed by Feshir 's idea of pulling Robinson out the window by their tie .
So Robinson did what any able-bodied , angry young drive-thru manager would do . They rained down punches on Feshir , who still refused to let go of the tie , despite getting a little wobbly on their feet after five solid punches connected to their head and face .
`` Bernard ! '' cries a McDonald 's co-worker , trying to get their boss to chill out .
Robinson , exhibiting the calm , clear communication skills that make for a good manager , attempted to explain the situation more fully .
`` Man , they got my motherfuckin ' tie , '' they said .
Later , Feshir , still clinging to the garment , tries lying down on their back and aiming kicks at Robinson 's face . This does n't work , and eventually Robinson does manage to separate from their belligerent customer . WCCO reports Feshir later tried fighting other customers who attempted to intervene . They did not fare so well at fighting everyone in the parking lot , either , and was even worse for wear by the time cops showed up .
Feshir was charged with fifth degree assault for inciting the melee , and Robinson declined treatment for bruises . Judging by that video , most of the bruises are on their knuckles .
There are two lessons here . First , when ordering at the drive-thru , remember to remain seated in your vehicle and follow instructions from the attendant on duty . Second , if you wish to speak with the manager , and that manager is Bernard Robinson , try to be polite . And do not , under any circumstances , touch their tie .
In Episode With Two-Mom Family , Doc McStuffins Shows That Love Is Love
Wanda Sykes and Portia de Rossi voiced the two moms in this weekend 's episode of the popular children 's show .
Children with same-sex parents are getting a chance to see a family like theirs represented on a Disney Channel animated show this weekend .
The newest episode of Doc McStuffins , a show aimed at children age 2 to 5 , features a family of dolls , headed by two moms . learning about the importance of emergency preparedness after a toy dragon creates havoc at their home . The moms are voiced by out actores Wanda Sykes and Portia de Rossi .
`` I always envision Doc McStuffins as a show about what it means to accept everyone as part of our communities , ” said Chris Née , the show 's creator and executive producer as well as the writer of the episode , in a statement released through GLAAD . “ As part of a two-mom family , I 'm proud to have an episode that reflects my son 's world , and shows everyone that love is love in McStuffinsville . ''
GLAAD president and CEO Sarah Kate Ellis commended the program . “ Children like mine deserve the chance to see their families reflected on TV , and this episode does just that in a beautiful and positive way , ” they said . “ Shows like this reflect our real world , and today that includes the many children being raised by gay and lesbian parents who are all going to celebrate this story . ”
The show , now in its fourth season , has received high ratings and won praise for featuring a young girl of color as the titular Doc , who fixes broken toys . In a video posted by GLAAD ( watch below ) , Sykes joined in the praise .
The episode aired Saturday on the Disney Channel and will be broadcast again Sunday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern/Pacific on Disney Junior . It can also be viewed online here .
Usage
How do I turn Auto catch On/Off ?
To turn the ‘ Auto-catch ' function on , press the Go-tcha button until ‘ Auto-catch ON ' is selected . If you have Auto Catch on : Go-tcha will vibrate and animate the screen to show a successful/unsuccessful catch .
Go-tcha will vibrate and animate the screen to show it has successfully/unsuccessfully collected the items and how many items it has collected at a Pokéstop .
How do I charge my Go-tcha ?
The Go-tcha charges via USB . Simply remove the Go-tcha USB device from the wrist band , slide it into the charger and connect to a USB power source . Please note when charging the device with a laptop/Computer the machine will be required to be switched on in order to charge your device . Make sure that the USB port is providing constant power . Even though Go-tcha charges from a USB port it is not seen as a USB device Many devices with power saving modes will turn off power to the USB port if there is no USB device present . Some rechargeable power packs will also stop powering if a USB device is not present .
How long does charging take/last for ?
A full charge takes approx . 1 hour and lasts for approx . 12 hours with continuous use . Standby time is approx . 48 hours
Why will my Go-tcha not charge ?
Please check that the Go-tcha is inserted correctly into the charger cable - Push the Go-tcha FIRMLY into the cable to ensure that it is fully seated . Once inserted correctly you can check that your Go-tcha is charging by pressing the screen button . The charging animation will appear to confirm that the Go-tcha is charging . If there is any other Go-tcha animation running , then wait for the animation to stop and the screen is blank - now press the screen button to confirm the charging animation is displayed .
If the charge animation is not showing then your Go-tcha is NOT charging .
Make sure that the Go-tcha is pressed firmly into the charger cable and repeat the above steps .
The charger cable is made from soft material and can get pushed out of shape - if the Go-tcha unit feels loose when inserted or battery animation does not show , then gently squeeze the sides of the cable slot/cradle tightly together and then re-insert the Go-tcha unit - if the charge animation is still not showing , repeat these steps .
Why will my Go-tcha not turn on ?
If your Go-tcha has gone into hibernation mode and will not display anything on the screen you can wake the Go-tcha via using the reset procedure . The Go-tcha can be by inserting and removing the Go-tcha from the charge cable in quick succession ( 10 times ) .
My Go-tcha will not pair with my device
If you have connected your Go-tcha please ensure that you eject the Go-tcha from within the Pokémon Go application and ensure that it is forgotten within the Bluetooth setting ( from all phones and devices ) . Once the device has been disconnected please reset your Go-tcha by inserting and removing the Go-tcha from the charge cable in quick succession ( 10 times ) . Once the device has reset please try to pair the Go-tcha within the Pokémon Go application .
Will Go-tcha work with my device ?
Go-tcha is compatible with Phone® 5 / 5c / 5s / SE / 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus / 7 / 7 Plus devices with iOS Ver . 8 and above installed . Compatible with Android devices with 2 GB RAM or more , Bluetooth Smart ( Bluetooth Ver . 4.0 or higher ) capability , and Android Ver . 4.4 and above installed .
What screens does my Go-tcha display for Catching/Caught Pokémon ?
What screens does my Go-tcha display for Pokéstops ?
What screens does my Go-tcha display for Alerts ?
Drilling for natural gas in the Marcellus Shale uses millions of gallons of water at each well . The water is mixed with sand and chemicals and pumped deep into the ground at very high pressure to fracture the rock and release the natural gas .
Most of it never returns .
While many have focused on the degree to which that “ fracking ” process threatens to pollute drinking water supplies , Jeff Schmidt , director of the Pennsylvania chapter of the Sierra Club , recently raised a different concern .
“ The majority of the water remains underground , permanently removed from the hydrologic cycle , ” said Schmidt at a recent rally in the state Capitol . “ It can never sustain life above ground again . ”
Schmidt is by no means the first to express unease about pumping millions of gallons of water into a hole from which it will never return .
With fresh water shortages predicted to be a greater source of international tension than oil in the 21st Century , is it wise to be pumping fresh water into the ground ?
The average amount used per well is around 4 million gallons .
Scott Perry , head of the oil and gas division at Pennsylvania 's Department of Environmental Protection , said he 's not concerned about the water staying underground .
Perry 's reasoning , however , employs a semantic dodge . They noted that a nuclear power plant uses 40 million gallons of water a day and said , “ That water is not necessarily returned to the environment from which it came . ”
However , a significant portion of the water used for cooling nuclear facilities such as Three Mile Island is released into the air as steam .
Technically , that 's a different environment from which it came , but it remains in the hydrologic cycle — the process of evaporation and condensation through rainfall that cycles fresh water back to its source in headwaters mountains .
Schmidt says , “ The process of fracking will permanently remove hundreds of billions of gallons of fresh water in Pennsylvania from the hydrologic cycle . ... I know of no study that has evaluated the permanent removal of this much fresh water from the hydrologic cycle . ”
“ No prior activity in Pennsylvania has ever approached the magnitude of Marcellus Shale drillings ' permanent water consumption , ” Schmidt said .
What is the impact of removing such huge volumes of water permanently from use ?
Not much in Pennsylvania , said Michael Arthur , professor of geosciences and co-director of Penn State University 's Marcellus Center for Outreach and Research .
Arthur said 17 trillion gallons of rain falls every year on the 95,000 square miles underlaid by the Marcellus .
About 7 trillion gallons go to recharging ground water supplies , while the remaining 10 trillion run off into streams or evaporate .
“ The Marcellus effort will never get to the point they are using 100 billion gallons a year , ” they said . The recharge will always outpace the consumption .
But Schmidt says it 's “ bigger than Pennsylvania or even Marcellus . ”
“ As the relatively new process of deep horizontal drilling , combined with fracking becomes more widespread , the math gets pretty staggering , ” they said . “ Trillions of gallons of water lost to the hydrologic cycle . ”
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration , there are 48 shale gas basins in 32 countries around the world , containing almost 70 shale gas formations .
The Marcellus is among the largest and most productive , but assuming all those shale formations were equally big and lucrative — a very liberal assumption — it would require over 22 trillion gallons of water to be permanently sequestered a mile below ground .
That 's a lot of water , but all of it taken at once would n't come close to draining Lake Erie , the smallest by volume of the Great Lakes .
If all 70 shale gas formations around the world were equivalent to the Marcellus and were fracked in one day with water from Lake Erie , the lake would diminish by about 17 percent .
Arthur said the problem with the argument that drilling removes water from the hydrologic cycle is that it discounts the fact that most of the water in that cycle comes from the oceans .
The removal of water ultimately affects ocean levels , not rivers and streams , they said , because the evaporation and return by rainfall continues .
But Arthur said the issue is “ definitely worth looking at ” for other reasons .
“ Globally , there could be some impacts , ” they said . “ It 's not going to impact the hydrologic cycle , ” but rather be an issue of competing use for water in areas of limited rainfall .
Arthur said the best climate change predictions “ suggest the wet ( regions ) get wetter and the dry get drier . ”
They said in dry lands areas with very little water storage , hydraulic fracturing could be competing for water with industries such as agriculture .
Arthur said potable water is limited in many areas of the world — “ places like Turkey and Iraq are already fighting over the Tigris and Euphrates system . ”
“ We 're blessed in Pennsylvania , ” they said , with ample rainfall and agencies such as the Susquehanna River Basin Commission that can make decisions about allocation of water .
In a drought , the SRBC has the authority to prohibit drillers from withdrawing water .
But those withdrawals will take place over decades . According to the SRBC , the maximum need for water at the height of drilling will be less than two minutes ' worth of the average flow of the Susquehanna .
Share Tweet Email Whatsapp
Yes , you read that correctly , the Toyota Prius is now a bona fide Nurburgring record holder . But , it 's not a record based on time and speed , it 's based on fuel economy . The Prius you can see in these images - the same car that was festooned in TRD bits by Toyota GB recently - has gone round the Nurburgring and averaged an incredible 698mpg .
The plan was to give the car a full charge , and send it round for a lap driven carefully enough that the engine kicks in as little as possible , if at all . Of course , driving 12.9 miles ( the length of the Nordschliefe ) in day-to-day driving would normally be perfectly achievable with the Prius ' electric only range , however , it would n't be simple here . Firstly , a lap of the Nurburgring will see you netting an economy-sapping 1000-foot elevation gain , and secondly , with a 60km/h ( 37mph ) minimum average speed rule for anyone taking part in public sessions at the ‘ Ring , the driver would n't be able to just trundle around the circuit .
When Skyrim 's Dawnguard DLC was announced , we were worried it might end up just being a pair of equippable contact lenses . A new prE3 trailer shows that it 's actually some manner of major expansion with attempts to blot out the sun being made and all sorts . What seems clear is that players will be faced with a choice ; do you wish to live in a graveyard and eat people , all supernatural-like , or would you rather have a pair of equippable contact lenses ? See for yourself .
There 's a bit of mounted combat in there and all sorts else , including an actual mention of The Elder Scrolls . It 's all quite exciting but one thing 's for certain , it will almost definitely not be better with Kinect . Imagine pretending to mount a horse while being watched by a magical camera on top of your television . Obscene .
Big thuddy dramatic fantasy trailer music is fine as well , but who wishes they 'd gone for this ?
We do n't have a date or price for PC yet but shall hopefully know more soon .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told lawmakers Wednesday that the US can not allow China to use trade as a weapon . According to Washington Examiner , Tillerson said , `` We can not allow them to weaponize trade . And they are doing that today , and our message to them is , 'you will not buy your way out of these other difficult issues , like North Korea , the South China Sea , with your trade ' . `` US allies including South Korea and Australia have recently complained that China is exerting pressure on them through economic means . China is the largest trading partner of South Korea and Australia , which have disputes with China over Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) and the South China Sea issues , respectively.Tillerson 's remarks are surprising as the US is the very country that has openly used economic elements as a diplomatic weapon . The US is a typical country which has used the economic sanctions the most . A mere mention of economic sanctions will prompt people around the world to associate the concept with Washington.The US has also forced other countries to align their actions with its economic sanctions against a certain target country or region . If a third country is lenient with that target economy , the US will threaten with sanctions on the third country . Currently , Washington and its allies have strongly urged China to enforce economic sanctions on North Korea and use the forcefulness of China 's sanctions as a metric to judge Beijing morally.Apart from frequent sanctions , the US has sought to legalize its economic sanctions on other countries . In other words , economic sanctions are the US ' `` standard weapons . '' Countries around the world that have faced economic sanctions by the US are numerous . Washington uses economic sanctions as freely as one fishes out small change from one 's own pocket.Despite being a trade and investment powerhouse , China has not developed a mode of diplomacy which seeks to use economic means to solve problems . First of all , China does not believe that economic sanctions can help resolve major diplomatic differences and we have seen many economic sanctions by the US prove to be futile . Furthermore , the principle of equality and reciprocity is deeply rooted among the Chinese people , and many Chinese people do not think that sanctions are options that can be put on table . Also , sanctions can always result in two-way losses , a fact which makes China wary of using sanctions as a weapon.The Chinese government has never openly announced to impose economic sanctions on any country even if political conflicts cause damages to the economic and trade relations between China and a certain country . Beijing has never used the rhetoric of `` sanction , '' which is hugely different from Washington . This reflects Beijing 's restraint.However , when major issues arise in political relations between countries , it is inevitable that the impact will spread to the economic arena . When South Korea decided to deploy THAAD , which invoked public outrage in China , it is natural that South Korea 's tourism and entertainment industry would be impacted . It would be absurd if the Chinese government encourages Chinese tourists to travel to South Korea and Chinese viewers to watch South Korean TV soap operas at this moment . The ordinary people will not accept that.The ordinary Chinese are both patriotic and practical . Market economy has advanced so much that China will not arbitrarily wage a trade war with another country . But if the actions of another country severely harm China 's interest and spark public wrath , such wrath will become a catalyst for policy actions and economic revenge might ensue.It is time for US allies in the Asia-Pacific region to take heed . Their alliance with the US can not be used to harm China 's core interest . If they accept China as their largest trading partner , they should show their due respect to their relations with China.It is worth noting that China has never imposed `` US-style sanctions '' against any country . The actions China has taken are mostly aimed at expressing its discontent.Washington 's demand for Beijing to not `` weaponize trade '' is baffling and absurd . The double standard Washington applies to other countries can be well described by old Chinese sayings such as `` The magistrates are free to burn down houses while the common people are forbidden even to light lamps , '' and `` Do not do to others what you would not have them do to you . `` Tillerson 's remarks reflect the US ' hypocrisy and arrogance as a country . Washington , please reflect on yourself !
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sewage workers tackling blocked pipes found a sex toy flushed down the loo had caused the problem .
And it was revealed yesterday they have recently found false teeth , bikes , a dead sheep and even a dismantled greenhouse in the drains .
A South West Water spokesperson said : `` Most blockages are caused by non-biodegradable mater­ials flushed down the toilet – cotton buds , wipes , con­­­doms and tampons .
“ When it comes to clearing blockages , we 've come to expect the unexpected .
`` When we 're looking for the cause , it could be anything and it 's surprising what you do find .
“ The sex toy found actually caused a major internal flood . ”
In recent months , we 've started to see large amounts of venture capital being invested in Bitcoin companies , lots of mining equipment being added to the network , and a large growth in the number of wallets and users on the network . Since people are putting real money into this new technology , it raises the question of how much is it really worth ?
Until today , most of the discussion around how to value a bitcoin is based on comparing it to mature companies or assets . While this is a good way to try and estimate the potential of a new startup entering an existing market , it has some flaws when trying value a technology that is creating its own virtual economy from scratch . If Bitcoin survives as the leading platform in a crypto currency world , it will be used for so many different uses that we ca n't even imagine . It would be like trying to come up with the value of the Internet in the 1990s by comparing it to FedEx , since sending emails is like sending an overnight letter .
For example , take a look at Bank of America 's report that valued a bitcoin at $ 1,300 . David Woo describes a scenario where Bitcoin gets a 10 % market share for all Business to Consumer E-Commerce transactions , obtains a value component worth the market cap of Western Union , and also gets used as a store of value equaling the US American Eagle silver coin . In this scenario , they add these values up to a grand total of $ 15 billion , therefore valuing each bitcoin at $ 1,300 . Using this method has the benefit of being easily understood , however it does not necessarily seem scientific .
Who Cares ?
More importantly , who actually cares what the value of a bitcoin is ? In my opinion , there are three types of people who should care . First , we 're all too aware of the term “ Bitcoin Speculators ” used by the media . These people are looking for an asset that will appreciate in price faster than the existing returns they can get today . If there was a better model for predicting the value of a bitcoin , they could invest in bitcoins with more certainty and maybe throw off the label of “ speculator ” .
Second , there are the people who are investing into the Bitcoin eco-system . This includes miners buying equipment that run the network and venture capitalists who are helping to build the companies that will make the network better in the future . Currently , if you ask any forum or group whether you will “ make money by mining ” the answer is almost always a resounding “ NO ” . The only explanation for the growth of mining must be that a certain group of people feels the rising value of bitcoins and the Bitcoin network will lead this to be a good investment today . Additionally , the venture capitalists and entrepreneurs must think that the Bitcoin network will be worth a large amount of money in the future or they would n't be willing to invest money and time to build these companies . If there was a better method to predict the value of a bitcoin , then these people could more accurately calculate whether it makes sense to put money and time into it .
Finally , there are the normal people in the world who might want to use Bitcoin . If they are concerned that it is just “ Magic Internet Money ” without a real value based on economics , it could prevent them from using it . If a majority of the population thinks that a bitcoin has no real value , then it will prevent the network from gaining popularity and benefiting many people around the world .
What is the Value ?
I have no delusions that my approach to valuing Bitcoin will be the end all be all . It obviously has many flaws and estimates , but I hope that a fresh approach to looking at the Bitcoin network can bring some new ideas and discussion to the table . Also , I have a very small personal holding in bitcoins , so I am obviously biased to want a higher price . Please take the following as one person 's opinion and use your own estimates and rates that make sense to you .
If you were to see the following revenue chart for a high tech startup , what would you think about the future prospects of that company ?
The chart above is actually showing the mining fees on the Bitcoin network . Each time someone sends money across the network , they attach a very small fee to the transaction . The miners on the network package all the transactions into the block chain , and get to keep this fee for doing the work . Today , this is usually around 0.0002 BTC or roughly $ 0.15 per transaction .
If we look at the Bitcoin network as a whole , it can be thought of like a Distributed Autonomous Co-op . When users send money across the network , they pay fees to the Co-op , which can be viewed as revenue . Since there are no centralized costs for the Co-op , these revenues can be viewed as pure profit . The Co-op then turns around and pays all earnings out to the workers who are actually the miners running the network .
In my valuation model , I value the Bitcoin network like a series of cash flows . The earnings of the network are treated like the earnings of a company listed on a stock exchange . If people are willing to pay a fee for using the Bitcoin , then inherently , they are placing a value on the network itself . As the number of transactions and fees goes up , the value of the network itself must go up . The value of these fees can then be projected into the future to come up with a present value of the network as a whole .
This is where it gets tricky though . Since the network itself is so new and there are no previous technologies to compare it with , we must estimate the future growth rates of the network . One possible way to do this could be to look at the adoption of the Internet and put Bitcoin on a similar trajectory . First though , let 's take a look at the historical growth of transaction fees . These fees are based on info published on Blockchain.info . One caveat is that the dollar amounts are based on the current USD price of a bitcoin ( at the time of writing the article ) , so in theory if historical prices were used , these growth rates could look much higher .
With these charts , we see a clear trend of Month-over-Month , Quarter-over-Quarter , and Year-over-Year growth . The growth rates can be calculated and projected into the future to predict how large it might be in 10 years . The growth rate from 2012 to 2013 was approximately 3,000 % . However , if we used 3,000 % year over year for 10 years , the numbers would be larger than imaginable . For this valuation , we will round last years growth at 3,000 % and assume that every year after now , the growth rate will be cut in half as adoption grows for 10 years . For example , we will assume that the growth rate in 2014 will be 1,500 % , 2015 will be 750 % , 2016 will be 375 % , etc . After 10 years , we will also assume that adoption has peaked and growth will continue at 5 % year after year . The following chart shows projected mining fees :
For this projection , it shows the Bitcoin network generating around $ 18 billion in 2023 . To project the present value of these cash flows , we also must estimate a discount rate . This is a crucial part of calculating any present value , and for this exercise I will choose a rate of 25 % . Of course , this value should be greater if you have a see a higher risk for Bitcoin succeeding to become a global currency . Admittedly , 25 % is an arbitrary value on my part but was chosen in line with investing in emerging markets . With the discount rate chosen , we can calculate the present value of the first 10 years of the cash flows to be approximately $ 14 billion .
Also , we must calculate the present value of the cash flows starting in 2024 once the network churns along at an annual rate of 5 % growth . To do this we can calculate a perpetuity starting in 2024 then discount it back to the present . This leads to a present value for the perpetuity of approximately $ 3 billion .
If these two calculations are combined , we can value the entire network at approximately $ 17.5 billion . Since there will only be a total of 21 million bitcoins ever created , we can calculate that each bitcoin should be worth approximately $ 840 using this method .
Conclusion
I can guarantee with certainty the value of a bitcoin will not settle and stay at $ 840 in the future . The choice of predicting the network growth rate and also a proper discount rate are inherently hard , and slight changes result in drastic differences in the outcome calculated . Additionally , the future of fees is very uncertain , including changes to the Bitcoin network itself where fees for a transaction are calculated differently . This could lead to dramatically lower fees on the network , although at the same time , a larger volume of transactions might actually increase it .
In writing this article , my hope was to show that there are other methods of trying to predict the value of the Bitcoin network , rather than trying to guess how big it might get by comparing it to existing companies . Most important though , it shows that Bitcoin has a value greater than $ 0 even if it ca n't be precisely calculated .
The United States needs a revolution in energy technology innovation to meet the profound economic , environmental , and national security challenges that energy poses in the 21st century . If the U.S. government does not act now to improve the conditions for innovation in energy , even in times of budget stringency , it risks losing leadership in one of the key global industries of the future , and the world risks being unable to safely mitigate climate change and to reduce vulnerability to disruptions and conflicts—both domestic and international . Waiting is not an option .
Researchers at Harvard Kennedy School undertook a three-year project to develop actionable recommendations for transforming the U.S. energy innovation system . We surveyed over 100 experts across a broad range of energy technologies ; conducted extensive economic modeling ; and developed and implemented a new methodology for assessing how much research , development , demonstration ( RD & D ) investment is needed , and in which technologies . This work also included : interviews with a range of energy innovators and policymakers ; the first survey of energy innovation in U.S. businesses ; analyses of how effectively the Department of Energy ( DOE ) interacts with private firms ; case studies of the operations and effectiveness of key energy innovation institutions ; and development of new data on international energy RD & D spending and cooperation . This research has led us to five key recommendations for accelerating U.S. energy innovation .
( 1 ) The U.S. government should dramatically expand its investment in energy RD & D , focused on a broad portfolio of different energy technologies and stages of innovation .
We recommend that current investments in energy RD & D be roughly doubled , to $ 10 billion per year ( including about $ 5 billion for the seven technology areas considered in detail and the remainder for other areas , including Basic Energy Sciences ) . Experts in a range of energy technologies almost unanimously recommended increasing energy RD & D in their areas by 2–3 times , to seize the technological opportunities that now exist . Our economic modeling suggests that an investment of a few extra billion per year today could develop technologies that could save the economy hundreds of billions of dollars per year by 2050 in scenarios where there are stringent policies limiting how much carbon can be emitted .
Our current modeling suggests that there could be decreasing marginal returns from spending more than the $ 10 billion per year we recommend , but that conclusion should be regularly reassessed as technologies evolve . These investments should be targeted on a broad portfolio of technologies , to maximize the chances of achieving major breakthroughs . The largest percentage increases we recommend compared to 2009 funding levels are for energy storage , buildings , bioenergy , and solar photovoltaics . Despite current deficits , the United States can not afford to forego the long-term investments that will improve its competitiveness in this multi-trillion-dollar market and its national security , while reducing both greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental hazards . These funds could be provided through channels outside the appropriations process , as has been done successfully in the past .
( 2 ) The U.S. federal government should implement policies that create market incentives to develop and deploy new energy technologies , including policies that have the effect of creating a substantial price on carbon emissions , and sector-specific policies to overcome other market failures .
Our modeling makes clear that both expanded RD & D investments and a substantial price on carbon emissions are necessary if the United States is to meet the climate change challenge and reduce dependence on imported oil at reasonable cost . Increased energy innovation investment alone , with no policies in place to drive the adoption of the resulting technologies , is very unlikely to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by more than a few percent—even with huge increases in RD & D and optimistic technology assumptions . Similarly , carbon caps or prices alone , with no increase in energy RD & D , would make the resulting energy system more costly . A clean energy standard could contribute towards the goal of reducing carbon emissions , but would be less effective than a broader carbon policy . Together , well-integrated `` technology push '' from increased RD & D and `` demand pull '' from a carbon price and sector-specific policies ( such as building codes ) have the potential to accomplish what neither can do alone .
( 3 ) The U.S. government should take a strategic approach to working with the private sector on energy innovation , expanding incentives for private sector energy innovation , and focusing on the particular strategies likely to work best in each case .
The private sector has a critical role to play , as the vast majority of the energy system infrastructure in the United States is controlled by the private sector . Our research shows that private sector innovation in energy is more widespread than previously understood . Yet , today , DOE does not have an overall strategy for its interactions with the private sector . It does not collect and analyze the data necessary to learn from the experience of past projects about what mechanisms for collaboration work best and under which circumstances . We propose a new approach in which that data would be collected and analyzed , enabling learning-by-doing . Our research also shows that the demand pull policies we recommend will enhance incentives for private sector investment in energy innovation , which should also be strengthened through other policies , ranging from support for large-scale technology demonstrations to investment in training the next generation of energy technologists .
( 4 ) The U.S. government should strengthen its energy innovation institutions , particularly the national laboratories , by giving them clear missions and direction ; considerable management authority and flexibility with clear accountability for results ; stable funding ; a culture willing to invest in high-risk , high-payoff projects ; and opportunities to lend their insights to the design of the policies and approaches they are helping to implement , including public-private partnerships .
To maximize the return on its investment in energy RD & D , the U.S. government must ensure that its energy innovation institutions are as efficient and effective as they can be . Constantly shifting funding , DOE headquarters ' micromanagement , diffuse missions , risk-averse cultures , new contracting approaches that have diluted the focus on key national objectives , and insufficient ability to connect to the private sector have undermined the efficiency of U.S. energy RD & D institutions . This study recommends a range of reforms , including an increase in lab-directed funds to allow lab directors to provide seed funds for promising areas , incentives for entrepreneurialism and risk-taking for lab scientists and technicians , and a revision of contracting in the labs .
ARPA-E represents a major step in the right direction , emphasizing technical excellence , rapid adaptation , and high-risk , potentially high-payoff projects . Policymakers should provide consistent , multi-year support for ARPA-E and should not be deterred by a few failures—if there were no failures , the effort would not be pursuing the high-risk projects that have the highest potential payoffs .
( 5 ) The U.S. government should undertake a strategic approach to energy RD & D cooperation with other countries , to leverage the knowledge , resources , and opportunities available around the world , incorporating both top-down strategic priorities and investment in new ideas arising from the bottom-up .
The energy challenges of the 21st century are global , not limited to the United States . World energy markets and energy technology development are rapidly changing as globalization progresses and new players emerge . Today , total government-controlled energy RD & D in just six emerging or transition countries ( Brazil , Russia , India , China , Mexico , and South Africa ) , counting investments by state-owned enterprises , is as large or larger than government-sponsored energy RD & D in all of the developed countries combined . These new realities create both new competitive challenges and new opportunities , requiring the United States to ensure that high-value cooperation opportunities are not missed because of the sometimes ad-hoc and distributed nature of cooperation activities . This report recommends that a new interagency committee be established to identify additional priorities for funding and action in international cooperation in energy innovation that are not being undertaken by the agencies and that a new approach be established to collecting and analyzing the data needed to learn what approaches to RD & D cooperation work best under what circumstances . At the same time , recognizing that innovators on the ground may be most aware of new opportunities as they arise , we recommend that each of the key energy RD & D programs at DOE and each of the agencies involved in cooperation in energy innovation set aside a small portion of its funds to support international energy RD & D projects suggested from the bottom-up .
Statements and views expressed in this policy brief are solely those of the authors and do not imply endorsement by Harvard University , the Harvard Kennedy School , or the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs .
Two Latvian men have been found guilty of acting as illegal gangmasters , supplying Latvian and Lithuanian workers from the Wisbech area to pick leeks , cabbages , broccoli and flowers , for supermarket supply chains across East Anglia .
Juris Valujevs , 36 , and Ivars Mezals , 28 , were convicted at Blackfriars crown court , London , of operating without a gangmaster 's licence after a nine-week trial in which the court heard evidence about exploitation , control by debt-bondage , overcrowded housing , and allegations of sham marriages arranged to facilitate illegal immigration .
The two men , together with Valujevs ' wife , Oksana Valujeva , 33 , and their close Latvian friend Lauma Vankova , 26 , were also charged with conspiring to arrange sham marriages to enable non-EU men to breach UK immigration laws . Mezals was found not guilty on this charge but the jury failed to reach a verdict on it in the case of the other three after a week 's deliberation , and were discharged . The crown is considering an application for a retrial on the sham marriage charges .
The jury of seven women and four men had been directed earlier by the judge , David Richardson , to clear the two men of a further charge of fraud relating to excessive rent .
The case has laid bare a tough , often squalid , world in which the two men were able to operate outside the law for more than four years .
A succession of workers from eastern Europe described a precarious existence in the fens . They got up at 4am to be taken to distant fields where they endured hard labour outside , on the minimum wage , often on 12-hour to 14-hour shifts , or to polytunnels and packhouses , where they prepared vegetables and flowers for supermarket orders .
They described a system of erratic employment in which their hours were never certain and might only be confirmed the evening before in a text from one of the two men .
Most lived in sub-let rooms in modest housing in Wisbech , paying £50-£60 a week to one of the two Latvians for a room that might be shared with two or three others . One of the smaller properties at one point housed 11 adults .
Both Mezals and Valujevs had themselves started out working the fields on the minimum wage when they arrived in the UK from Latvia , Valujevs coming in 2003 and Mezals about 2006 .
The pair went on to run various business , from trading in scrap cars that they fixed and operating cars and minibuses for taking migrants to work , to letting property , collecting clothes door to door to send to eastern Europe for a charity registered in the British Virgin Islands , and shuttling luggage the UK and Latvia for other migrants .
The court heard the two men were unlicensed gangmasters , supplying Lithuanian and Latvian workers to other gangmasters , who in turn sent them to the agricultural and packing work . They promised Latvians willing to come to the UK to work regular well-paid jobs and good accommodation but then put them in to overcrowded and dilapidated houses , some of which were infested with bed bugs .
Work was withheld , the prosecution said , until tenants became indebted to the pair ; that debt was used as a means of controlling them . The victims suffered threats and intimidation .
Mezals sometimes collected the workers ' pay themselves or had it paid into their personal bank accounts , or in other cases waited for workers in their minibus to take rent and purported debts from them as soon as they were paid . Witnesses said deductions were sometimes made arbitrarily , so that they often ended up with only £20 for a full week 's work .
Two witnesses told the court that they were threatened that , if they complained , they might end up “ like Alise ” , a young Latvia woman who had gone missing and been found dead on the Sandringham estate .
According to the prosecution , the control over some of the women took a more sinister form . Mezals and Valujevs controlled the amount of work they were given so that they never fully paid off what they owed . Then once they were heavily indebted they were pressured to pay off those debts by entering sham marriages to Asian men .
All four defendants denied being part of any conspiracy involving sham marriages . Mezals was found not guilty on this charge and the jury failed to reach a verdict on it for the other three defendants .
Counsel for the defence highlighted inconsistencies in the evidence from the prosecution witnesses and said all the women making the allegations relating to the conspiracy charge had a motive to lie : they had either committed an offence of sham marriage and wished to avoid prosecution themselves so cooked up a story to implicate the others , or were making the allegations so they could present themselves as victims in need of housing and benefits .
The defence , supported by several witnesses , argued that the Latvian men had not been acting as gangmasters but simply helping others of the tight-knit eastern European community find housing and work with other gangmaster companies .
They pointed out that among the prosecution witnesses were self-confessed alcoholics who had been sleeping rough behind Wisbech 's Tesco superstore and washing in its toilets until put in touch with Mezals and Valujevs who had helped them with housing and jobs .
But Valujevs had previously applied for and been refused a gangmaster 's licence themselves and the jury agreed with the prosecution that the two men were partners supplying workers to other businesses illegally .
Valujevs has previous convictions for theft and traffic offences in Latvia and convictions in the UK for drink driving , for obstructing the police , and driving while disqualified and without insurance . Mezals , a qualified car mechanic , has a previous UK drink driving conviction .
Sentencing is expected to take place on Friday .
Roma coach Luciano Spalletti has called for more defensive signings .
Roma coach Luciano Spalletti has called for their defence to be strengthened ahead of the coming Serie A season .
The Giallorossi commence preseason training at their Trigoria training facilities on Wednesday and Spalletti does not want to have to wait too long to have a full squad to work with in view of a Champions League playoff in August .
Defence is their greatest concern and the 57-year-old coach made a plea for new arrivals to be drafted in ahead of their Champions League debut , having seen both Lazio and Napoli wait too long in recent years and subsequently fail to qualify for the competition .
`` We need to sort out our defence , and [ sporting director Walter ] Sabatini knows it , '' Spalletti told Roma Radio .
`` We 've lost three out of four of our regular starters : [ Lucas ] Digne has gone [ back to PSG ] , [ Antonio ] Rudiger is injured , Maicon has been a great player for the two years they were here and [ Alessandro ] Florenzi has done really well in that role , but we 've still got to work out what their precise position is .
`` These are things that , if you are a club aiming for the leading positions , you have to put right , '' they said .
`` The club are doing the best they can , with all the problems there are in football today . We want to have a full squad before we go to the USA on tour in late July . ''
Given the lack of alternatives at the back , the proposed sale of Ervin Zukanovic to Palermo is unlikely to go through , although Leandro Castan is still set to join Sampdoria on a season-long loan .
Leandro Castan missed much of last season thanks to brain surgery .
They missed most of last season after needing brain surgery and they were unable to rediscover their best form in the handful of matches they played towards the end of the season , although their likely departure only compounds Spalletti 's defensive problems .
When they return to preseason training this week , they will have only Zukanovic , Mario Rui and Kostas Manolas to work with as recognised defenders .
`` We 've signed Mario Rui , but with Maicon no longer here we need a central defender and a right full-back , no matter what happens in our Champions League playoff , '' Spalletti added . `` We 've got quite an urgency . ''
Martin Caceres , who is a free agent after leaving Juventus , is one possible target while the Giallorossi may yet also make a move for their former defender Medhi Benatia , who favours a return to Italy from Bayern Munich this summer and is believed to be set for a move to Juventus .
Ben Gladwell reports on Serie A , the Italian national team and the Bundesliga for ESPN FC , UEFA and the Press Association . @ UEFAcomBenG .
Next month , Iron Man will be unveiled as an unlikely ally of the United Nations . But do n't be surprised : comic-book superheroes have been co-opted for propaganda purposes since the 40s , says Paul Gravett
Got a problem with fascist dictators , drug addicts or people not sticking their empty cereal packets in the recycling bin ? That sounds like a job for ... Superman ! No , seriously . Since they were born on the eve of the second world war , America 's superheroes have been enlisted for all sorts of undercover propaganda duties , from promoting patriotism , war bonds and recycling ( even of comics themselves ) to warning about health , drugs and landmines . So it 's nothing new that Iron Man , the latest in Marvel 's pop-icon pantheon to hit the big screen , is coming to the rescue of the United Nations . In a specially customised comic book , Ol ' Shellhead and their costumed cohorts will battle that most terrible of supervillains , a tarnished public image , by demonstrating the UN 's positive , proactive roles . Will it work ? It 's debatable : over the years these earnest , message-laden stories have not always been too effective as weapons of mass persuasion .
When it comes to propaganda , superheroes were probably at their most convincing in the early 40s , when they and their frequently Jewish creators and publishers , were tackling Hitler themselves long before America entered the fray after Pearl Harbor . Seventy years ago this year , two young bespectacled Cleveland Jews , Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster , saw their nerdish fantasies published on four-colour newsprint as Superman burst off the pages of the first Action Comics and sparked a battalion of imitators . Their Man Of Steel started out as a champion against corrupt employers and other scoundrels but they and other superheroes would soon find the perfect bad guys in the Nazis and the Japanese .
For the February 27 1940 issue of Look weekly , Siegel and Shuster were commissioned to create a two-page expose showing How Superman Would End The War . After they pummel Germany 's fortifications on the Siegfried Line , Superman grabs Hitler and Stalin and flies them to Geneva where they are found guilty of `` unprovoked aggression against defenceless countries '' by the League Of Nations , forerunner of the UN . This condemnation of the Nazis seems to have worked as propaganda . It reportedly infuriated Joseph Goebbels , themselves a master propagandist , so much that they angrily proclaimed `` Superman is Jewish ! '' in a meeting . Not long after , on April 25 1940 , the SS newspaper Das Schwarze Korps ran an anonymous full-page counter attack , probably written by Goebbels , denouncing the `` intellectually and physically circumcised '' Jerry Siegel as `` a Colorado beetle '' who `` works in the dark , in incomprehensible ways '' on American children .
In their Look strip , Superman was restrained from giving the captive Fuhrer `` a strictly non-Aryan sock on your jaw '' . A year later , another Jewish partnership , New Yorkers Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , unleashed their super-patriot Captain America , garbed in the stars and stripes flag , who finally gave Hitler that threatened punch on their first issue 's front cover . This was too much for some American Nazi sympathisers and opponents of their country entering the war . Simon and Kirby 's studio became the target of hate mail , obscene phone calls and sinister types lurking outside , until mayor Fiorello LaGuardia themselves rang Simon to assure them of round-the-clock police protection , saying , `` You boys over there are doing a good job . The city of New York will see that no harm will come to you . '' Once the war was won , however , Captain America hung up their shield . Somehow their comeback as a 50s `` commie basher '' in the Cold War and Korea never caught on .
The 60s and 70s saw costumed crime-fighters getting involved in real social issues . Stan Lee ignored the Comics Code Authority 's regulation forbidding any mention of drugs and wrote a warning about their dangers in Spider-Man . Soon after , Denny O'Neill and Neal Adams confronted the same issue , with the shock revelation that Green Arrow 's trusty sidekick was an addict . The fact that they were called Speedy might have given us a clue .
Several public service bodies have used famous superheroes to put across their messages . Notoriously , in one Spider-Man comic , it 's disclosed that as a youngster their alter ego Peter Parker was a a victim of homosexual molestation , though this revelation seems to have been written out of the webslinger 's `` official '' biography . Despite the `` real '' struggles with the bottle of Iron Man 's alcoholic alter ego Tony Stark , to be explored in the movie 's sequel , he 's not yet been a spokes-hero in an anti-boozing comic .
Today Cap , Spidey and their cohorts are back in favour with those in high places and not just at the UN . In 2005 , Donald Rumsfeld puffed out their chest next to actors dressed as Captain America and Spider-Man to launch the first of Marvel 's free comic books for America 's armed forces in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere . Reflecting our more complex political times , their messages are curiously oblique . In the fifth and latest issue of The New Avengers : The Spirit Of America ( it is left to us to guess what they are avenging ) , Bin Laden is nowhere to be seen . Rather , the only villains are Marvel 's own stock Axis Of Evil , Hydra or AIM ( Advanced Idea Mechanics ) , now rebranded as `` terrorist organisations '' . No specific warzone is given , only `` overseas '' . You may have heard that Cap was shot dead ( do n't worry , death is only temporary for superheroes - ask Superman ) , but the comic closes with a last patriotic message : `` Heroes do n't live forever . And when they 're gone , that 's when we all have to step up and do our duty . For we are all Americans . Goodnight and be safe . '' Easy for Cap to say when he 's been given a strength-boosting serum to transform them into a Super-Soldier . Despite the cover lines that `` Marvel salutes the real heroes , the men and women of the US military '' , the two ordinary soldiers featured here , a brother and sister , still need the combined superpowers of Cap , Silver Surfer , Ghost Rider and Punisher to pull them through . Not the most inspiring message perhaps for our boys and girls on the frontlines .
As for the UN , superheroes have come to its rescue before . In November 1967 , The Justice League Of America featured the UN symbol on the cover of issue 57 , in a very right-on plea for racial harmony called `` Man , The Name is - Brother ! '' The UN even had their very own team of superheroes devised by Wally Wood for Tower Comics in the 60s . Called the THUNDER Agents ( The Higher United Nations Defence Enforcement Reserves ) , they were led by Dynamo , dressed in the UN 's blue and white colours . Rather than relying on Marvel 's characters , the UN could have resurrected this team , but THUNDER Agents vanished after only 20 issues and only aging comic collectors remember them now . Instead , maybe the UN should take a tip from Unicef , who have signed up the Smurfs , also decked in regulation blue and white , to be their ambassadors for children 's rights this year . Sounds like a job for ... Papa Smurf !
· Iron Man is out on May 2
Comic relief
Damon Wise rounds up this summer 's other superhero blockbusters ...
Iron Man
Rich , troubled industrialist Tony Stark is a pioneering inventor who devised their rocket-powered , bullet-firing , all-powerful suit of armour while imprisoned by terrorists . Suitably , this excitable , brilliant playboy will be portrayed by Robert Downey Jr in the film by Jon Favreau , of Swingers fame , who wants to emaphasise the `` billionaire bachelor '' side of things .
Hellboy 2
Though the first was a flop , Sony have let Guillermo Del Toro serve up a second serving of the demon who flexes their crusty red Right Hand Of Doom against wrongdoers .
Speed Racer
After the drubbing meted out to their grim brace of Matrix sequels , the Wachowksi brothers dove head first into the playful , neon world of Speed Racer , a semi-animated take on the 60s cult Japanese anime series Mach GoGoGo .
The Incredible Hulk
Nobody asked for a sequel but they got one anyway . The Incredible Hulk stars Edward Norton as Dr Bruce Banner , a scientist contaminated by the effects of a gamma bomb , which turn them into a raging green giant whenever he 's angry .
Hancock
This dark comedy stars Will Smith as a reluctant flying crime-fighter , a lazy , alcoholic and misanthropic strongman , whose inept heroics are fast destroying downtown LA .
The Dark Knight
Bruce Wayne returns in Christopher Nolan 's sequel which promises to be darker and better than the first , with Batman under threat from Heath Ledger 's deranged Joker , little realising that their ally , the DA , Harvey Two-Face Dent , is n't playing with a full deck either .
You can support us by donating if you feel like it . Thank you in advance .
- The Asenheim Project team Welcome to asenheim.orgYou can support us by donating if you feel like it . Thank you in advance.- The Asenheim Project team
This is a web-based visual novel project .
We warn you that you must be aged 18 or over in order to view adult materials .
Our project aims at emulation of some good old games with Javascript .
Essentially , we intend to combine several localizations of VN classics .
To the side , there is a list of games . The flags show what languages are available .
If you wish to make another localization we will provide you with all necessary tools .
( We also frequently update the available translations )
Here you can test your browser 's abilities
if it is capable of playback properly .
Full compliance test can be found : here
All game saves and settings will be stored in your browser ( DOM storage ) .
Back-up and restore your saves .
Game controls : mouse or keyboard ( arrows , enter , esc ) .
If you find any mistakes please contact us via e-mail or chat window .
Besides there is a `` bug report button '' at the right of the game area .
Any feedback is welcomed .
Discuss in our blog
Our contacts : [ email protected ]
As promised , here is Part 2 of the transcription of WG 's last developer stream :
On Ranked Battles
– We 're focusing on a short game cycle , ie Ranked Battles will reset once a week or so . We 're now discussing more deadlines .
– A good game in the losing team will be well rewarded . Playing well , you 'll move forward , regardless of your team . We will take into account not only the achievements of a particular cycle of fighting , but even more so for the long term , we will see who shows consistent results , how fast and how often they achieve top rank and try to reward those players further .
– Awards , what will they be – that 's something we really do n't want to announce . We have an understanding that the “ carrot ” should be something very good , and it will be . It wo n't be something like a marathon , to get some kind of tank . Most likely , it will be something new , and that you can probably ring into Random Battles .
– Initially , all this is for 10v10 , at least at the start . It will be possible to expand to the 15v15 format . The maps will be the same as Random Battles .
– There will be big differences from warship ranks . It will go a lot faster .
– Being at the bottom of the winning team will not translate well to your progress . Ranks are a reflection of your personal contribution , not your team 's victory . Especially when you can get on 5 winning teams by AFKing 5 matches .
– I always lose , but I am in the TOP , so there is a growth in rank .
– In Belarus , we are trying to assess the contribution and the real skill players .
Miscellaneous
– For AP buffs , it 's something we thought long about , and with the Germans it happened , because there were already machines and modules that were already lying in the trash – Maus etc . Some wanted to make a fast pass for the machines that might need it , a dare clearly lagging behind : IS-7 , T-44 … Alas , but not in 9.18
Now we are working on other branches , but it is impossible to speak directly to specific tanks at the moment .
– ST-I , we initially wanted to make a new mechanic , like Slava already discussed . This may not be what everyone is thinking about and discussing on the Internet now … There are some very interesting mechanics , cool and classy . 2 barrels – no more comments .
– People who play on their current ( older ) machines will be able to continue to play , even when we bring the new graphics . Of course , they can not achieve what 's shown in the screen shots and yes , what was shown will be even better when it launches . As it was , things on those machines will remain at 30 FPS .
– Our goal has always been to keep things at higher , playable FPS for slower machines .
– We have very high hopes for the new renderer .
– After 9.0 large FPS drops have been pretty insignificant .
– No feature or interface goes further or gets added if it has a significant effect on framerates .
– We are bringing in additional hands for test external teams . The main thing is not had any framerate in the first place on weak machines with the new graphics .
– We still have problematic machines , some were easy to fix , but there remained those machines that can not be fixed with a simple adjustment of certain characteristics ; They need to be recycled . KV-5 is a prime example .
– This also applies to the T-54 First Prototype and IS-6 , but with it a separate history it benefits . I believe that the preferential matchmaking is already quite comfortable in itself and is a great buff . PMM is a big problem for working with balance though .
– Cross chat was toxic , it was used only for insulting rivals or advertising clans . There are no plans for returning it , not even in the form of a tick box option , as many suggested
– We are working on “ praise ” . This has nothing to do with chat . Good feature to avoid complaining , but it is not in a very high priority .
– One of the most popular resolutions we have in the game 1368×768'13
– In two years I want in-game service-store mods . This thing in the works , and is part of the work on banned mods .
– Revising crews , this is a big thing . Yes , I really want to review the current perks and the mechanics of the game in general , but this is a very expensive decision in terms of resources , especially the question of converting things over . We have a million ideas , including national perks / perks for specific tanks / etc .
-Session statistics with a win rate , etc . and an alert in chat about the “ arty targeting me ” good stuff , as soon as we get the tools to do it , we could begin working on it .
– There is an in-game training tool that needs to be discarded and be completely remade , and we are working on it , there are no problems . We are going to lead the player by the hand . Thats is the first thing , the second is training the players , and how to make teaching better . We 're thought about accessing the videos directly from the client , or at the forums , other things like that .
– Experience for tanking – there 's a lot of potential there for exploiting , so we really do not want to do that .
– We have a few ideas on what to do with team killers , we 'll experiment with them in Sandbox .
– After entering balance/matchmaker , we 'll look at the lower tiers and try to fix that situation there .
– In general , there is a plan for going through Tiers 1 through 7 in terms of the growth of characteristics .
– Hiding statistics wo n't be coming not in the near future , but it will be possible . We know the pain .
– There will be a second season of Personal Missions .
– A very important goal for us was to achieve these new and better quality graphics without significantly affecting the framerates .
– We tried to preserve the current geometry when transferring the maps to HD .
Duck Dynasty patriarch Phil Robertson is a racist homophobe who has advocated marrying 15-year-old girls . They are also , per the title of the YouTube embedded above , a “ Cruz Commander , ” which means that Robertson has officially endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz for President .
For a brief period , Robertson was the national face of self-righteous hatred ( now often referred to as “ religious freedom ” ) . In 2013 , after their comments to Drew Magary in GQ about the deviance of gays and their anus-loving ways scandalized liberals , A & E suspended Robertson from Duck Dynasty , only to reinstate them nine days later . By then , bigots like Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee had decried A & E 's decision to turn its back on someone who was merely , to hear them spin it , exercising their freedom of speech . Thus Duck Dynasty became the new Chick-Fil-A .
And now , Phil Robertson is to Ted Cruz as Lena Dunham is to Hillary Clinton . In the last two years , Duck Dynasty 's ratings have plummeted , which makes Robertson 's endorsement especially pathetic , but on the plus side , their endorsement video gifted us with the iconic image of Cruz atop this post .
[ h/t Chris Moody ]
Rafael Benitez wants to return to the Premier League , says Guillem Balague
Rafael Benitez wants to return to the Premier League after their sacking by Real Madrid , says Guillem Balague .
Rafael Benitez wants to return to the Premier League after their sacking by Real Madrid , says Guillem Balague .
The Spaniard , who joined Real in June , was replaced by Zinedine Zidane at the Bernabeu on Monday after just 25 games in charge .
As well as revealing the club would have had to pay Benitez more compensation if they had sacked them after January 15 , Balague insists the former Liverpool boss wants to move back to England , but is in no rush to do so .
Benitez was manager at Liverpool between 2004 and 2010
West Ham United co-chairperson David Sullivan revealed last week the club were hours from securing a contract for Benitez in the summer , before they replaced Carlo Ancelotti at Real .
Balague told Sky Sports : `` Before they signed for Real Madrid they almost signed for West Ham , and I think they would have enjoyed West Ham much more .
`` He wants to come to the Premier League , quite clearly . And do people not think it is unfair what they have done to him , almost as though they have won credit having been sacked after 25 games ?
`` By almost accepting West Ham suggests that they will be willing to go anywhere in the top 10 of the Premier League .
Co-owner of West Ham United David Sullivan revealed last week the club came close to securing Benitez in the summer
`` He has negotiated with Aston Villa in the past , Newcastle too . I do n't think they will be in a rush , but their heart is absolutely in the Premier League .
`` The reason they have sacked Benitez now is that after January 15 they would have had to pay them their full , three-year contract . Now they only have to pay them one year of their contract . ''
Before their short stint at Real , 55-year-old Benitez had enjoyed success at Valencia , Liverpool , Chelsea and Napoli , and Balague puts them in the elite division of recent managers .
Zidane took their first training session as Real manager in front of thousands of fans on Tuesday
`` A lot of people , for different reasons , have made a caricature out of him , but they are one of the top 10 managers in the last decade , '' said Balague . `` He has won trophies everywhere .
`` In England I think we are feeling they have been harshly treated , and they have regained some credit , and that some people feel sorry for him . I think everybody knows what a difficult club Real is , and what Benitez can bring to a team . ''
Are you a SaaS provider running on or planning to use Amazon Web Services ? If so what are the most important questions you should ask when building the foundations for your cloud-based applications ?
In this paper , we 've compiled a top 10 list of questions and answers to help you focus your efforts on building a cloud infrastructure that 's aligned with your SaaS business requirements . Our answers will help you understand which practices and AWS products you should use to provide your users with a secure , healthy and robust service .
So here goes .
1 . How can we maintain customers ' data privacy on AWS ?
First you need to recognize that Amazon has its own strict rules to keep your customers ' data private . Amazon uses the 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) . However , under Amazon 's Shared Responsibility Model you share security responsibility with AWS and need to do your part by ensuring privacy and protection of data at rest and in transit . You can check out the AWS list of privacy FAQs to learn more .
Also for dealing with your customers ' data encryption , AWS offers a number of encryption key management services such as KMS and CloudHSM . In addition , you 'll need to issue , deploy and renew SSL/TLS certificates on all appropriate web resources . To help you provision and manage your certificates Amazon provides an in-house service , AWS Certificate Manager ( ACM ) , which also offers a way to import existing third-party certificates for deployment to Amazon 's load balancers or CDN .
Finally , make sure you keep track of all changes affecting security and governance of your AWS resources by using logging tools such as AWS Config . Likewise you should also use API call-monitoring service CloudTrail and implement processes such as File Integrity , which validates log files delivered by CloudTrail so you can check to ensure no-one has tampered with them .
2 . How do we protect applications and customer data to maintain business continuity ?
Amazon facilitates redundancy and disaster recovery through its network of regions and Availability Zones ( AZs ) spread across the globe . Each region is completely independent and made up of a number of Availability Zones .
Building secondary sites and distributing your workloads across AZs and regions goes a long way towards eliminating single points of failure ( SPOFs ) . On top of that you 'll need to put measures in place to automatically perform consistent instance and volume backups . Based on your SLA you 'll need to define your backup and recovery policies , utilizing basic Amazon building blocks such as EBS volume snapshots , and plan data archiving and retrieval using Amazon S3 and Glacier . This will help ensure your entire stack and all services continue running in the event a server or even a whole AWS region goes down .
3 . What tools do we need to maintain our AWS network security ?
Using Amazon VPC in conjunction with EC2 Security Groups give you a variety of options for a secure connection to your AWS resources . Before you configure your virtual private network ( VPN ) , thoroughly research your network requirements , taking into account multi-tier applications , secure storage , shared resources , public-facing websites and disaster recovery .
Amazon 's built-in Web Application Firewall , AWS WAF , helps protect against web exploits and cyberattacks aimed at tampering with your web applications . In an enterprise IT environment , a high level of intrusion protection is strictly necessary . There are many third-party intrusion detection system ( IDS ) and intrusion prevention system ( IPS ) tools that integrate with AWS , the latter of which automatically identifies and blocks common attacks . An alternative solution would be to implement a cloud-based unified threat management ( UTM ) system in which you can manage these functions and other security tasks through a single console . AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service ( DDoS ) protection service that defends against the most common , frequently occurring network and transport layer DDoS attacks that target your website and applications . AWS 's built-in security tools like WAF and Shield help hosted SaaS providers obtain the security services they require although it 's not part of their responsibility .
4 . What measures should we use to restrict access to our AWS deployments , in particular to our database tiers ?
Use IAM roles for Amazon EC2 and remember to avoid using hard-coded credentials within various application components . And make sure you implement a single sign-on ( SSO ) system . This will solve many of your security and compliance headaches by helping standardize user IDs and policies , simplify user administration and minimize redundant or incorrect identities . You can find a number of third-party cloud-based identity management solutions on the AWS Marketplace , such as Okta and OneLogin .
5 . Can AWS support our specific regulatory and compliance obligations ? How ?
AWS meets a variety of compliance standards ( adhering to compliance regulations is shared between AWS and the customer in accordance with the Shared Responsibility Model ) that satisfy both US and global regulations . In many cases , such as PCI DSS and HIPAA , this comes in the form of an assurance program . In order to meet and obtain specific certification standards you should consider questions such as :
What type of information will be stored ?
Where should it be stored ?
What data should you keep on premise ?
Who should have right of entry to your system ?
What can they access ?
To answer these and implement the controls and standards required you should consider leveraging the AWS ecosystem of certified Premier Consulting Partners . These should have experience with the specific certification you need and will help you quickly close the gaps in your knowledge , accelerating your time to market .
6 . How can we leverage AWS to scale our application to serve a million users ?
First identify which parts of your system ( for example your web servers tier ) are able to benefit from Amazon 's Auto Scaling service , which dynamically scales your underlying resources , as per load . One very particular challenge is scaling your database operations so they maintain a high level of performance as your data grows . As with all your resources , your two main options are vertical scaling and horizontal scaling .
However , each option has its advantages and disadvantages in terms of cost , management overhead and complexity . In some cases , scaling your database may not be feasible at all . That 's why we strongly recommend using AWS DBaaS ( database-as-a-service ) options such as RDS and Aurora for your SQL databases and DynamoDB for your NoSQL use cases . These scalable services simplify the task of setting up and managing your databases , eliminating the need for costly database administration .
What 's more , if you 've just started developing your service , you should take the opportunity to adopt a more modern and efficient approach to application architecture by looking at microservices and stateless designs . These can be easier to manage and independently scale . Products such as Amazon 's EC2 container service ECS and serverless compute platform Lambda are designed with this type of architecture in mind .
7 . What is Amazon 's SLA ? And how can we govern our systems 24×7 ?
Ech AWS service carries its own service level agreement ( SLA ) . For example , EC2 comes with a Monthly Uptime Percentage of at least 99.95 % . If the vendor fails to deliver on its SLA in any one month , it offers a credit of between 10 % and 30 % of your EC2 bill for that month against future EC2 charges . You can find full details on the Amazon EC2 Service Level Agreement page .
But remember you are still responsible for ensuring your own services are running smoothly and therefore need to make sure they 're tightly monitored . Moreover , logging and monitoring are especially important in complex cloud-based infrastructure , where it can be difficult to pinpoint performance issues and make sense of large amounts of data .
AWS supports a number of cloud logging services . System and application monitoring services include Amazon CloudWatch and third-party offerings such as DataDog and New Relic . CloudWatch also includes a logging facility , or you can use a 3rd party service such at Logz.io , which is an ELK service ( Elasticsearch , Logstash and Kibana ) and includes support for all builtin AWS metrics . Also make use of AWS Trusted Advisor , which provides recommendations to further optimize your AWS deployments .
Finally , make sure any internal or external support teams you use have the AWS skills required to troubleshoot infrastructure issues . You do n't want to wake up your cloud architects in the middle of the night to look at your environment 's performance .
8 . What services does AWS provide to facilitate delivery processes such as system upgrades and continuous integration and delivery ?
Amazon 's strong DevOps capabilities are among the vendor 's major selling points , offering a raft of tools and services designed to simplify code deployment and infrastructure management .
First , define a release management process that will help provide frequent , production-quality updates to your applications . AWS Elastic Beanstalk , AWS CodeCommit , AWS CodePipeline and AWS CodeDeploy are among the many in-house tools that can help with this aspect of your deployment .
You should also leverage third-party continuous integration ( CI ) and continuous delivery ( CD ) solutions , such as Jenkins orchestration engine and Docker containers , which allow your operations team to create a delivery pipeline to facilitate automated testing and integration of your developers ' code . These tools are designed to speed up the software delivery cycle and help improve product quality .
9 . How much will it cost us to run our applications on AWS ? How can we control these ongoing costs ?
You should start by running and testing a pilot system that 's representative of the final production environment . This will help you qualify performance , estimate resource sizing and the ongoing costs of your cloud footprint . You should also compare the projected costs of running your application with those of running it in your on-premise data center , taking into account factors such as the upfront investment in equipment , floor space , staffing and energy costs . Although this can be a major undertaking , requiring specialized tools and expertise , you can use Amazon 's Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO ) Calculator , which will provide you with a starting figure .
SaaS application stacks should be continually updated to meet user expectations and retain customers with better service . Unlike legacy applications , which are rarely changed or upgraded , this is the very nature of SaaS . And this requires regular testing in order to determine how your system and infrastructure behave as your software evolves . Besides the impact on your system 's security and performance , tightly monitoring your infrastructure capacity will also allow you to control your cloud costs . Using Amazon 's native cost and billing management service and its Cost Explorer tool can help you manage costs by setting budgets , creating alerts on cost limits and tracking cost trends by a variety of filters .
10 . Should we use any third-party services , partners or solutions ? What about licensing issues ?
Over the last decade Amazon has built a highly mature and feature-rich cloud platform , allowing startups to get off the ground without the risk of investing millions in physical infrastructure . As with every cloud vendor , it recognized the need for a strong ecosystem of partners that could provide specialist knowledge and capabilities to support those AWS customers with very specific requirements .
In addition to the AWS Partner Network ( APN ) , the AWS Marketplace has an online self-service portal providing access to third-party , off-the-shelf solutions such as Sophos UTM and Fortinet web firewalls . These give AWS users a way to try out solutions by quickly deploying ready-made machine images for trial usage , allowing you to qualify potential new services quickly and efficiently .
Moreover , when looking for an AWS consulting partner , make sure they have the right level of certification with practical experience in deploying multi-tenant applications on top of AWS , giving due consideration to scale and security in particular . These consultants can not only help you build your cloud environment but also guide your R & D team , to make sure your SaaS business is performing optimally .
New Challenges and Responsibilities
Your journey from traditional on-premise to modern SaaS applications presents an opportunity to adopt more agile and efficient methods of software development and drive new revenue streams to your business . But it also presents new challenges and responsibilities .
Fundamental to the contemporary SaaS approach is the multi-tenant application , where the same instance of software serves any number of company users or external customers . So it 's essential you take measures to guard against external threats and prevent privacy breaches between application users . Fulfilling your security responsibilities requires a good understanding of your new cloud environment 's capabilities and the tools available . So do your homework thoroughly and choose your cloud partners wisely .
Still have questions ? The perfect place to start your cloud journey is with a Cloud Architecture Workshop .
Yesterday was n't a day for channel-surfing , as several games went down to the wire , and a LOT of ranked teams lost . Here 's what we learned :
Things We Learned In College : Week 11 In College Football
-It took several weeks ( and , frankly , some better teams ) but it seems Leonard Fournette is in fact stoppable . Last week , Alabama held them to 31 yards and one touchdown ; this week , Arkansas kept them to just 91 and a touchdown . He 'd still have my vote for the Heisman , but I can see why he 's losing traction .
-Does Florida State have a quarterback controversy brewing ? Everett Golson returned to action this week after sitting out two games with a concussion , and was yanked early after their third turnover . Sean Maguire led the ‘ Noles to a win . It probably does n't matter who starts against Chattanooga next week , but with the Gators coming up a week later , keep an eye on who gets the nod .
-A week after losing to Oklahoma State , TCU was in danger of suffering a second straight loss when quarterback Trevone Boykin was injured and left the game in the first half , not to return . Adding insult to injury ( literally ) was the shuffling of the offensive line , several members of which were also injured ; leading receiver Josh Doctson did start after suffering a wrist injury a week ago . Winless Kansas , whose quarterback was suffering from two strained groin muscles , came within a touchdown of the upset .
-Michigan needed two overtimes to beat Indiana , in part due to some issues with the kicking unit . A missed field goal in the third quarter could have come back to haunt the Wolverines had they not prevailed in OT . Something went wrong with the snap , and holder Blake O'Neill was n't quite able to get it set down correctly for kicker Kenny Allen . A similar miscue happened on the extra point to tie the game- with no time left on the clock- but O'Neill was able to get that one straightened out . I imagine coach Jim Harbaugh will be addressing those snaps in practice this week . Another stat I assume Harbaugh will be vociferously addressing this week ? The Wolverines ' 13 penalties for 72 yards .
-Michigan quarterback Jake Rudock should have another one ( at least ) of those little stickers on their helmet today . The fifth-year senior transfer completed 33 of their 46 attempts for 440 yards and SIX touchdowns ( and one INT ) .
-Indiana running back Jordan Howard is a beast . They racked up 238 yards against one of the best defenses in the country .
-Twelve penalties for 103 yards . You keep doing you , Miami .
-Is there a reason Ohio State seems to struggle early every week ? Are they just toying with opponents to give them false hope or what ?
-Michigan State quarterback Connor Cook left the Maryland game early with an injured shoulder , but ESPN is reporting that it was a “ precautionary ” measure . I expect he 'll start against the Buckeyes next week .
-Navy quarterback Keenan Reynolds obliterated former Wisconsin running back Montee Ball 's career rushing TD record ( 77 ) yesterday . Reynolds ' four scores on the day brought their career total to 81 . Congratulations to him .
Do n't forget to check back later for the LWOS Top 25 rankings . Until next week !
Main Image
Mozilla has agreed , reluctantly , to build a Web standard called Encrypted Media Extensions ( EME ) into its Firefox browser , a step that enables use of copy-protected video from Netflix and other sources on the Web .
The nonprofit organization has opposed EME , a technology that lets a browser perform digital rights management ( DRM ) tasks such as restricting copying or ensuring that rights to watch a video expire after a certain period of time . But on Wednesday , Mozilla said it 's enabling EME because it 's becoming widely enough used that its absence from Firefox would push people toward other browsers .
`` Looking at the competitive landscape , every single major player in the browser market has adopted this spec and the prop module that comes with it , '' said Chief Technology Officer Andreas Gal . `` We are concerned that if we do n't do this , our users do n't have access to a significant part of the Web . ''
It 's not the first time pragmatism won out over principles at Mozilla . It was also opposed to the patent-encumbered H.264 video codec , which is widely used to compress and decompress video for Internet streaming , but decided it had no choice but to support it for Web-based video . Mozilla favors openness on the Web , and patent-encumbered , proprietary software is the antithesis .
Mozilla is n't writing the DRM decryption software itself , something that would be impossible to ship in an open-source product like Firefox . Instead , Mozilla has a partnership to install a module from Adobe Systems , a close relative of what it ships in its Flash Player browser plugin . Firefox will download the DRM module after people install the browser , but it activates only when a user visits a site that uses the technology and grants authorization .
Historically , streaming-video sites that want DRM have used browser plugins including Adobe 's Flash and Microsoft 's Silverlight . But Adobe 's browser plug-in is being gradually excised from desktop browsers and from new Web sites . Flash does n't run at all on mobile devices using Apple 's iOS , Microsoft 's Windows Phone , Mozilla 's Firefox OS , or Google 's Android . The situation has posed a challenge for those who want the Web to be an all-purpose computing foundation .
Thus , some developers at Google , Microsoft , and Netflix have been working on an alternative , EME .
EME is being standardized through the World Wide Web Consortium and currently is in draft form . In January , the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) joined the W3C . The EME spec has been a point of controversy for years , though ; among prominent opponents has been Ian Hickson , who for years has been a leader in the standardization of HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) , one of the seminal standards that makes Web possible . They were involved in shepherding video support into HTML , a direction that ultimately led to today 's DRM complications .
EME does n't actually handle encryption itself . Instead , a mechanism to communicate with a DRM plugin called a content decryption module ( CDM ) that does . That means a Web app can show encrypted media , helping Web developers match the abilities of programmers who write native software that runs directly on operating systems like iOS or Windows .
Mozilla does n't like EME , though , and not just because it 's proprietary software . The approach is complicated for Web developers , too : Safari , Internet Explorer , and Chrome each ship with a different CDM , which means Web sites must check what browser a visitor is using then send the encrypted video with the appropriate system .
`` The situation is really sad , '' Gal said . `` It 's a direct consequence of fact that the EME spec is not really a spec -- it just says there is a black box and here is how you talk to the black box . ''
One of Mozilla 's big complaints with DRM , as implemented today , is something called node locking . That 's a technology that confines content like video or audio to a single device , and it 's an approach that stands in sharp contrast to the current cloud-computing philosophy of the industry .
With that philosophy , people are used to getting their documents , e-mails , and photos from whatever device they have on hand -- a smartphone , a tablet , a PC . Node locking means it 's not necessarily easy to watch a TV episode on your smartphone on the way to work if you bought it on your PC .
Mozilla is taking a slightly different approach to node locking , though . Instead of letting the CDM build a device fingerprint based on hardware details of a computing device , it supplies its own node identifier to add a bit of privacy , Gal said .
To do that , Mozilla confines the CDM to a sandbox . It 's open-source software , so the content industry can make sure it works as advertised and privacy advocates can see that it does n't pose privacy problems , Gal said .
Ultimately , Mozilla would prefer the content industry to abandon node locking , moving instead to permissions based on an account , not a device .
But so far , there 's no sign movie and TV studios are willing to yield . `` They are simply not open to the argument right now , '' Gal said . `` One of our hopes is as that as technology progresses , at some point the content industry will recognize they 're not doing themselves a favor . ''
Another change Mozilla would like is a move away from DRM and toward watermarking , which embeds invisible data in video files that can determine
With watermarking , `` if someone takes video stream against the license , you can detect who did that , '' Gal said .
Updated at 1 p.m. PT to clarify that the EME standard is still in development at the W3C . Although the process is n't finished , the draft standard is in use today .
Jacob Kathman takes a Moneyball approach to political science . They study huge data sets on things like civilian deaths in civil war and international military intervention . As a political scientist at the State University of New York in Buffalo , Kathman has spent most of the past decade using that big data to puzzle out issues tied to global peace and security . But they keep coming back to one question : Does peacekeeping work ?
It turns out to be remarkably hard to figure out . That 's partially because researchers ca n't seem to agree on what “ work ” should mean . Does success in UN peacekeeping mean ending war ? Sustaining peace ? Reducing attacks on civilians ? Is it about fostering stable government , fighting terrorists or protecting human rights ? Maybe it means just not making things worse ?
Like a lot of big data analysts , Kathman speaks about their own work with boundless enthusiasm but also endless caveats . They hedge and qualifies , and always makes the listener aware of the limits of what they can know . Still , in their own cautious way , he 's pretty sure they have an answer . “ The general consensus , ” they said in a recent interview , “ is , for the most part , peacekeeping seems to improve the situation on the ground , generally speaking . ”
In other words , yes , peacekeeping does work . At least according to the kind of analysis Kathman and their colleagues perform . What they 've done over several studies is look at UN troop and police deployments , month by month , all over the world for many decades . What they 've found is that , despite some high-profile failures , peacekeeping does tend to improve things on the ground . “ In terms of reducing violence , maintaining stability , improving progress towards democracy and economic stability , peacekeeping appears to be a pretty positive way forward for many war-torn countries , ” Kathman said .
Last week , Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan announced that
Canada will soon commit up to 600 troops and about 100 police officers to a United Nations peacekeeping mission in an undisclosed location in Africa . That would mark the most significant Canadian contribution to a single UN mission in a generation . The deployment would fulfill a major Liberal promise from last year 's election . It would also pivot the country in a rhetorical way toward a more big-L Liberal vision of what Canada should be in the world .
But Canada 's renewed interest comes at a difficult time for peacekeeping . The peacekeeping office , the largest in the UN , is in crisis . It is overstretched , undermanned and beset by serial scandals about sexual abuse , disease and self-serving bureaucracy . The system is in such trouble it could be at risk of a massive failure — a Srebrenica-like moment that could doom peacekeeping for decades , believes Richard Gowan , a peacekeeping expert in New York .
At the same time , research from Kathman and others suggests that , for all its many problems , peacekeeping can pay off . “ The UN gets a pretty bad rap , ” Kathman said . “ But … it 's pretty surprisingly effective . ”
And therein lies the problem for Canada . Peacekeeping can be abusive , bureaucratic , buck-passing , cholera-spreading and rape-ignoring . It also works . Can Canada re-engage and still keeps its soul ?
* * *
Peacekeeping in the public imagination tends to ping pong back and forth between poles of horror and heroism . The idea was dreamed up during the Suez crisis in 1956 by , among others , Lester Pearson , the Canadian foreign minister at the time . During the Cold War , division on the Security Council kept large-scale peacekeeping missions to a minimum . But after the fall of the Soviet Union , the age of mass peacekeeping began .
It did n't last long .
A string of horrific failures in the early to mid 1990s soured many in the Western world on peacekeeping . In Canada , members of an elite airborne regiment tortured a local teenager to death while on a mission in Somalia in 1993 . Early the next year , the UN failed to intervene in the Rwandan genocide , despite the pleas of Canadian Major General Romeo Dallaire , who was on the ground at the time .
In 1995 , in what became the last straw for many in the West , UN peacekeepers allowed the wholesale slaughter of Bosnian men and boys in Srebrenica . The attack served as a turning point in UN peacekeeping . “ Prior to Bosnia , almost half of UN peacekeepers had been from Western countries , ” Jean-Marie Guehenno , who served as the head of UN peacekeeping between 2000 and 2008 , wrote in a memoir published last year . “ When I left office , the West provided fewer than one in 10 of our blue helmets . ”
Peacekeeping did n't stop in 1995 , though it did slow down dramatically for several years . When it picked up again in earnest in the early 2000s , the missions looked different . The developed world continued to pay for peacekeeping , in Guatemala , Burundi , Haiti , Sierra Leone , East Timor , and more than a dozen other countries . But the soldiers increasingly came from poorer parts of the world .
By July 2016 , more than 100,000 uniformed peacekeepers were deployed on 16 missions around the globe , at a cost of over US $ 8 billion a year . More than 30 per cent of those soldiers came from just four countries : Ethiopia , Bangladesh , India and Pakistan . ( Canada currently has a total of 103 soldiers , police officers and official observers deployed to five different missions in Africa and Haiti . )
The missions themselves had morphed , too . In some countries , including the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Darfur region of Sudan , peacekeepers were deployed into combat where “ there was little or no peace to keep , ” according to a major UN peacekeeping review published by the organization in 2015 . They were tasked with broad mandates to carry out over vast geographical spaces with little high-calibre support .
In their book , Guehenno suggests peacekeeping has become , at times , a way for the Western world to deal with problems it cares about , just not that much . In Darfur , “ the leading Western countries … wanted ‘ to do ' something , but certainly were not prepared to deploy their own troops and did not want to pay too much , ” they wrote . The result was an overstretched , poorly manned mission that had little hope of containing the violence across a huge area of land .
Darfur was no exception . The peacekeeping review panel found , in mission after mission , a “ widening gap between what is being asked of United Nations peace operations today and what they are able to deliver . ”
The answer , some believe , is more Western troops and better equipment . Others see a problem of scale and politics . But scope and structure are n't the UN 's only issues . Scandals , too , have continued to dog the peacekeeping world . In the past several months alone , as Canada has ramped up its peacekeeping talk , several embarrassing , atrocious incidents have come to light .
In June , Anders Kompass , a veteran Swedish diplomat and longtime UN employee , quit the organization in disgust . Kompass blew the whistle on allegations of child sexual abuse by UN and UN-affiliated peacekeepers in the Central African Republic in 2014 . For their trouble , they were hounded by their superiors , asked to resign , suspended and investigated as a leaker . Even after a high-level , independent panel — chaired by former Canadian Supreme Court Justice Marie Deschamps — cleared them of wrongdoing , they felt no option but to leave .
Kompass thinks there 's something fundamentally broken about the UN . There 's an ingrained culture of secrecy and self-protection that allows horrific acts like child sexual abuse to go unpunished at the highest levels . “ Instead of protecting the people , they are abusing them , ” they said in an interview from their new home in Sweden . “ And then no one is saying anything . It 's terrible . ”
Kompass sees the same instinct — to circle the wagons — at play in another recent UN scandal . In August , the UN admitted for the first time that peacekeepers had been responsible for the introduction of cholera into Haiti in 2010 . The disease has since killed more than 10,000 Haitians and made over 100,000 more desperately ill . The evidence linking the outbreak to a UN camp has been overwhelming , and public , for years , but the United Nations secretariat has , until this summer , done nothing but dodge .
“ It was a very similar reaction to what I experienced , ” Kompass said . “ They just ca n't recognize that they had ( done ) something wrong . They expect the rest of the world to do it , but they ( wo n't do it ) themselves . ”
Perhaps the most damaging , and disturbing , recent scandal , though has been playing out in South Sudan . According to a series of reports by the Associated Press , UN peacekeepers there have failed to intervene in a host of rampaging sexual assaults by government soldiers against both local and international women this summer . In one particularly brutal attack , on July 11 , according to the AP , government troops broke into a hotel compound popular with foreign aid workers and spent four hours abusing the residents within . One aide worker was allegedly raped by 15 different soldiers .
“ They shot dead a local journalist while forcing the foreigners to watch , raped several foreign women , singled out Americans , beat and robbed people and carried out mock executions , ” the AP reported . “ For hours throughout the assault , the UN peacekeeping force stationed less than a mile away refused to respond to desperate calls for help . ”
Taken together , the three scandals would seem to confirm the worst fears of the UN-ophobic . Peacekeeping can appear , and indeed sometimes is , a horrific cluster of the ineffective , the abusive and the self-serving . But researchers , and even some critics , do n't think that necessarily means Canada should stay away . Without the renewed involvement of Canada , some believe , peacekeeping will only get worse .
“ I think Canada is doing the right thing by re-engaging , ” said Gowan , a non-resident fellow at New York University 's Centre on International Cooperation . But they have to do it the right way .
What that means differs depending on whom you ask . Gowan , for their part , sees the UN peacekeeping system as desperately overstretched , with peacekeepers on the ground in places where they have no credible local partners and no hope of restoring peace or protecting more than a fraction of the civilians at risk . “ The system almost lives in denial about the number of civilians who have died on its watch in Darfur , South Sudan and the Congo , ” they said .
Canada could make a tangible difference in some of those missions by providing high-end equipment or special forces — ” no one wants , frankly , battalions and brigades of standard infantry from NATO countries , ” they said . But it could make a larger impact by engaging in the system itself and pressing for widespread reform .
Charles Petrie , a former UN assistant secretary general , who helped write the 2015 peacekeeping review , agrees , to an extent . Petrie thinks the entire system needs to be rethought . The focus , they believe should be more on supporting political agreements and structures . He 'd like to see smaller , more targeted peace-building missions , supported by small teams of highly trained soldiers able to react quickly to the worst humanitarian dangers . Canadian soldiers , they believe , could help form those rapid reaction teams .
Based on their research , Kathman thinks any increase in Canadian involvement would help . But if Canada does recommit in a serious way , they said , it would be better off focusing on a small number of missions rather than spreading its soldiers out . “ The other thing we 've found is that the more coherent a mission ” — in other words , more troops from fewer countries — “ the more effective those missions tend to be , ” they said .
The consensus , though , seems to be that Canada ca n't just focus on its own UN mission . “ I think it 's much more than money and much more than troops , ” Petrie said . “ I think there needs to be a fundamental rethinking of how ( peacekeeping works ) . ”
* * *
On Thursday , the Canadian government announced a new reconnaissance mission to Mali , home to a large , unusually violent peacekeeping mission . The trip follows an earlier African excursion that saw Sajjan and a team of peacekeeping experts tour the Democratic Republic of Congo , Ethiopia , Tanzania and Uganda .
The government insists that no final decision on a destination for Canadian troops has been made . But the Liberals do seem committed to the idea of sending a new wave of Canadian blue helmets somewhere , at some point soon .
“ There 's a sense of incredible vulnerability across the UN system , ” said Gowan . “ And a sense that the organization has gone beyond its capabilities and some sort of reckoning is necessary . ”
For better or worse , that reckoning is Canada 's now , too .
Despite widespread outrage , a dog meat festival in China will be going ahead as planned this week .
The festival , which kicks off on Friday , is an annual celebration that takes place in the city of Yulin in the Guangxi province . According to the Guardian , the event is considered an ancient summer solstice tradition by local residents . They are said to `` cherish their city 's dog-meat culture , which involves the mass consumption of dog-meat hotpot served with lychees and strong grain liquor . ''
Animal rights groups insist , however , the festival is cruel . Activists say about 10,000 dogs -- reportedly often transported and kept in inhumane conditions -- are killed during the festival every year ; many are burned , electrocuted and skinned alive , according to reports .
`` We have seen animals beaten just before being cooked , '' Du Yufeng , founder of Chinese animal rights group Boai Small Animal Protection Center , told the Agence France-Presse . `` The more we inspect , the more cruelty we discover . ''
But in spite of the widespread criticism , the festival has continued to take place annually -- and 2013 will not be an exception , according to reports this week .
Du says , however , that the Chinese government , in response to pressure from `` online activism , '' will be sending a team to monitor the event this year for animal cruelty . The measure wo n't be enough , they say , but it 's a start .
`` I think the team will reduce the cruelty somewhat , but mostly on the surface , '' Du told the AFP .
As Yulin residents prepare for this Friday 's festival , the South China Morning Post reports that some are n't too pleased with the bad press the city has been getting .
`` It 's unfair to call Yulin people brutal only because we have this tradition to eat dog meat . People who call us uncivilized and cruel should stop eating meat first , '' a local resident named Annie told the Chinese daily .
This is n't the first time that a dog meat festival has been slammed by animal lovers . In 2011 , two such events -- one in South Korea and the other in Zhejiang Province , China -- were canceled in the wake of animal rights protests .
According to this Vimeo video description , Du Yufeng and other activists organized a protest at the 2012 Yulin Dog Meat Festival . Watch the clip of the protests here :
Details Published on June 10 , 2014 @ 10:03 pm Written by Geir
Tai Yasue , co-director of the Kingdom Hearts series , just confirmed on the Square Enix Presents channel that the Mirage Arena segment in Birth by Sleep will NOT be playable online via PSN in Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 ReMIX .
Yasue added that the reason for this was because they wanted to speed up the development of Kingdom Hearts 3 , and spending extra time making Mirage Arena playable online would 've taken from its development . Instead , they made tweaks to the single player mode of the segment , making it even more enjoyable in 2.5 ReMIX .
In the Mirage Arena , you can play as either armored Terra , Ventus or Aqua and play with other people in various different events , including the Arena Mode where you can fight enemies and bosses together with up to 3 players and Versus mode where you can fight up to 6 people . Along with that , up to 3 players can play the Command Board mini-game with each other and up to 6 players can race each other in the Rumble Racing in Disney Town .
Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 ReMIX arrives on October 2nd in Japan , December 2nd in the USA and December 5th in Europe exclusively for the PlayStation 3 .
Alfred Louis Kroeber ( June 11 , 1876 – October 5 , 1960 ) was an American cultural anthropologist . They received their Ph.D. under Franz Boas at Columbia University in 1901 , the first doctorate in anthropology awarded by Columbia . They were also the first professor appointed to the Department of Anthropology at the University of California , Berkeley . [ 2 ] They played an integral role in the early days of its Museum of Anthropology , where they served as director from 1909 through 1947 . [ 3 ] Kroeber provided detailed information about Ishi , the last surviving member of the Yahi people , whom they studied over a period of years . They were the father of the acclaimed novelist , poet , and writer of short stories Ursula K. Le Guin .
Life [ edit ]
Kroeber was born in Hoboken , New Jersey , [ 4 ] to upper middle-class parents : Florence Kroeber , who immigrated at the age of 10 to the United States with their parents and family from Germany , and Johanna Muller , who was of German descent . Their family moved into New York when Alfred was quite young , and they were tutored and attended private schools there . They had three younger siblings and all had scholarly interests . The family was bilingual , speaking German at home , and Kroeber also began to study Latin and Greek in school , beginning a lifelong interest in languages . [ 1 ] They attended Columbia College at the age of 16 , joining the Philolexian Society and earning an A.B . in English in 1896 and an M.A . in Romantic drama in 1897 . Changing fields to the new one of anthropology , they received their Ph.D. under Franz Boas at Columbia University in 1901 , basing their 28-page dissertation on decorative symbolism on their field work among the Arapaho . It was the first doctorate in anthropology awarded by Columbia .
Kroeber spent most of their career in California , primarily at the University of California , Berkeley . They were both a Professor of Anthropology and the Director of what was then the University of California Museum of Anthropology ( now the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology ) . The anthropology department 's headquarters building at the University of California is named Kroeber Hall in their honor . They were associated with Berkeley until their retirement in 1946 .
Personal life [ edit ]
Kroeber married Henrietta Rothschild in 1906 . They contracted tuberculosis ( TB ) and died in 1913 , after several years of illness . [ 1 ]
In 1926 they married again , to Theodora Kracaw Brown , a widow whom they met as a student in one of their graduate seminars . [ 1 ] They had two children : Karl Kroeber , a literary critic , and the science fiction writer Ursula Kroeber Le Guin . In addition , Alfred adopted Theodora 's sons by their first marriage , Ted and Clifton Brown , who both took their surname .
In 2003 , Clifton and Karl Kroeber published a book of essays on Ishi 's story , which they co-edited , called , Ishi in Three Centuries . [ 5 ] This is the first scholarly book on Ishi to contain essays by Native American writers and academics .
Death [ edit ]
Alfred Kroeber died in Paris on October 5 , 1960 .
Influence [ edit ]
Although they are known primarily as a cultural anthropologist , they did significant work in archaeology and anthropological linguistics , and they contributed to anthropology by making connections between archaeology and culture . They conducted excavations in New Mexico , Mexico , and Peru . In Peru they helped found the Institute for Andean Studies ( IAS ) with the Peruvian anthropologist Julio C. Tello and other major scholars .
Kroeber and their students did important work collecting cultural data on western tribes of Native Americans . The work done in preserving information about California tribes appeared in Handbook of the Indians of California ( 1925 ) . In that book , Kroeber first described a pattern in California groups where a social unit was smaller and less hierarchically organized than a tribe , [ 6 ] [ 7 ] which was elaborated upon in The Patwin and their Neighbors [ 8 ] in which Kroeber first coined the term `` tribelet '' to describe this level of organization . Kroeber is credited with developing the concepts of culture area , cultural configuration ( Cultural and Natural Areas of Native North America , 1939 ) , and cultural fatigue ( Anthropology , 1963 ) .
Kroeber 's influence was so strong that many contemporaries adopted their style of beard and mustache as well as their views as a cultural historian . [ citation needed ] During their lifetime , they were known as the `` Dean of American Anthropologists '' . Kroeber and Roland B. Dixon were very influential in the genetic classification of Native American languages in North America , being responsible for theoretical groupings such as Penutian and Hokan , based on common languages .
They are noted for working with Ishi , who was claimed to be the last California Yahi Indian . ( Ishi may have been of mixed ethnic heritage , with a father from the Wintu , Maidu or Nomlaki tribes . ) [ 9 ] Their second wife , Theodora Kracaw Kroeber , wrote a well-known biography of Ishi , Ishi in Two Worlds . Kroeber 's relationship with Ishi was the subject of a film , The Last of Their Tribe ( 1992 ) , starring Jon Voight as Kroeber and Graham Greene as Ishi . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Kroeber 's textbook , Anthropology ( 1923 , 1948 ) , was widely used for many years . In the late 1940s , it was one of ten books required as reading for all students during their first year at Columbia University . Their book , Configurations of Cultural Growth ( 1944 ) , had a lasting impact on social scientific research on genius and greatness ; Kroeber believed that genius arose out of culture at particular times , rather than holding to `` the great man '' theory . [ 12 ]
Indian land claims [ edit ]
Kroeber served early on as the plaintiffs ' director of research in Indians of California v. the United States , a land claim case . [ 13 ] Their associate director and the director of research for the federal government in the case had both been students of his : Omer Stewart of the University of Colorado , and Ralph Beals of the University of California , Los Angeles , respectively . [ 14 ] Kroeber 's impact on the Indian Claims Commission may well have established the way expert witnesses presented testimony before the tribunal . [ 15 ] Several of their former students also served as expert witnesses ; for instance , Stewart directed the plaintiff research for the Ute and for the Shoshone peoples . [ 16 ]
Awards and honors [ edit ]
Partial list of works [ edit ]
`` Indian Myths of South Central California '' ( 1907 ) , in University of California Publications in American Archaeology and Ethnology 4:167-250 . Berkeley ( Six Rumsien Costanoan myths , pp . 199–202 ) ; online at Sacred Texts .
4:167-250 . Berkeley ( Six myths , pp . 199–202 ) ; online at Sacred Texts . `` The Religion of the Indians of California '' ( 1907 ) , in University of California Publications in American Archaeology and Ethnology 4:6 . Berkeley , sections titled `` Shamanism '' , `` Public Ceremonies '' , `` Ceremonial Structures and Paraphernalia '' , and `` Mythology and Beliefs '' ; available at Sacred Texts
4:6 . Berkeley , sections titled `` Shamanism '' , `` Public Ceremonies '' , `` Ceremonial Structures and Paraphernalia '' , and `` Mythology and Beliefs '' ; available at Sacred Texts Handbook of the Indians of California ( 1925 ) , Washington , D.C : Bureau of American Ethnology Bulletin No . 78
( 1925 ) , Washington , D.C : No . 78 The Nature of Culture ( 1952 ) . Chicago .
( 1952 ) . Chicago . with Clyde Kluckhohn : Culture . A Critical Review of Concepts and Definitions ( 1952 ) . Cambridge .
( 1952 ) . Cambridge . Anthropology : Culture Patterns & Processes ( 1963 ) . New York : Harcourt , Brace & World ( earlier editions in 1923 and 1948 ) .
References [ edit ]
Photo illustration by Slate . Images by Amazon .
Slate 's Best Books of 2016 coverage :
Advertisement
* * *
The graphic novel boom of the past decade has settled down , and the big trade publishers are divesting from the comics market—only one of our Top 10 books comes from a Big Five publishing houses . But that means more room for the established art-comics publishers such as Fantagraphics and Drawn and Quarterly , as well as for upstarts including Nobrow , Adhouse , Koyama , and Secret Acres , all of whom have taken the opportunity to publish ambitious and fascinating work . Top Shelf published the first comic to win a National Book Award , March , an exemplar of a new flourishing of all-ages comics from publishers like Flying Eye , Scholastic , and First Second , among many others . Meanwhile , Image continues to push the envelope on genre comics , while Marvel and DC are finding more and more ways to bring interesting artists and writers into their folds .
These are our 10 favorite comics of the year ; check them out , and also consider subscribing to regularly published anthologies like Image 's Island ( which serialized terrific stories from Simon Roy , Matt Sheehan and Malachi Ward , and F Choo , among many others ) and Youth in Decline 's Frontier ( which published standalones this year from Eleanor Davis , Rebecca Sugar , and Kelly Kwang ) .
5,000 km Per Second by Manuele Fior . Fantagraphics .
Advertisement
This Italian comic , translated into English for the first time , was an Angoulême winner in 2011 . It 's a small miracle of cartoon storytelling tracing the relationship of two Italian teens as they fall in love , separate for decades , and reunite uncertainly in middle-age . Like the entire Before Sunrise series in one volume , 5,000 km packs a lot of life , love , career , and regret into its seven evocative chapters , each one a self-contained watercolor master class in composition , color , and narrative movement . DK
“ The great chief Matarka knew that death was near at hand , ” reads the introduction to this spooky original fairy tale . “ Fate would choose the one fit to take them place. ” An enchantress summons 50 souls to compete for Matarka 's throne , but the geis—or curse—she sets on those competitors ensures that only one can win , and the others must perish . This first volume of what promises to be a rousing adventure is gorgeously drawn and full of characters to root for—and against . DK
Gorgeous by Cathy G. Johnson . Koyama Press .
Advertisement
A slim , haunting tale in pencil by a rising talent in indie cartooning . Gorgeous is about a pair of dirtbags and the car crash they cause . It 's also about the search for beauty in unlikely places , and about the way strangers can help us and betray us . And , somehow , it 's about competitive weightlifting too . Full of understated narrative twists and turns , it 's a great short story by an exciting artist who keeps getting better and better . DK
Hilda and the Stone Forest by Luke Pearson . Flying Eye .
Luke Pearson 's Hilda books are the most imaginative , most inspiring , and most beautiful all-ages stories published in the past decade . This newest volume—which deepens the relationship between Hilda and their put-upon mom , while adding layers to the mythology of their odd little city , Trolberg—is the best yet , suggesting that Hilda may join Tintin and the Moomins as comic-book immortals . Here 's hoping the animated Hilda series , coming to Netflix in 2018 , is just as great—and that it does n't slow down Pearson 's cartooning . DK
Megg & Mogg in Amsterdam by Simon Hanselmann . Fantagraphics .
Advertisement
Nothing has made me laugh more this year than this collection of short stories , many of which manage to be uproariously funny , even when they 're cruelest to their characters . If Portlandia satirizes the dream of the '90s , Simon Hanselmann 's Megg and Mogg comics—which follow the drug-addled misadventures of a dissolute witch and their feline familiar/lover—is that decade 's puke-green hangover . This is a book in which a bizarre aside about a suitcase full of glass dildos can give way to a frank reflection on depression . Thanks in large part to Hanselmann 's subtly complex cartooning , those tonal shifts never feel jarring—to the contrary , they 're proof that it 's possible to mine joy from even the most miserable scenarios . JB
Patience by Daniel Clowes . Fantagraphics .
In Patience , a desperate time traveler struggles to prevent their wife 's murder—and like all time travelers , they make a mess of things along the way . Those soft-science fiction trappings aside , this is a deeply human tale , clear-eyed about the emotional weight of personal history . Assured and careful as ever , Daniel Clowes ' artwork precisely conveys their characters ' alienation from one another , even as their narrative largely eschews the misanthropy that pervades many of their earlier novels . In its place , they offer an intimate reflection on the pain of watching those you love to suffer . JB
Plutona by Jeff Lemire and Emi Lenox . Image .
Advertisement
Five kids , all misfits in their own way , stumble on a secret . The beloved , unbeatable superhero Plutona has somehow been defeated—and their corpse lies in the woods . What should they do ? Who should they tell ? How can they make money off it ? Could the body be the key to transforming them into something bigger than themselves ? This comic-book twist on Stand By Me is unusually smart about the way kids treat each other and uncommonly unsentimental about the superheroic tropes it twists . DK
Rolling Blackouts by Sarah Glidden . Drawn and Quarterly .
In 2010 , a group of independent journalists and a retired Marine traveled through Turkey , Syria , and Iraq , accompanied by cartoonist Sarah Glidden . Rolling Blackouts records the everyday realities of that trip , following the foreign crew as they try to tell the story of those war-torn regions . Haunted by both what had come before and the conflicts that would arise after , Glidden 's memoir is less a work of conventional reporting than it is a meditation on journalism itself . It 's a story about the struggle to understand the world—and the tools we use to make sense of it . JB
Rosalie Lightning by Tom Hart . St. Martin 's .
Advertisement
In their memoir Rosalie Lightning , Tom Hart confronts an almost unbearable tragedy : the sudden death of their young daughter . Where a lesser book might tell a story about coming to terms with such a loss , this one dwells on the unbearable fact of it . Hart 's often jagged line work conveys a sense of persistent emotional intensity , of ugly feelings that linger long after the events they describe . Their greatest accomplishment , though , may be the paternal care with which they render the titular Rosalie , teaching us to love them as they did , and to admire them for the fullness with which they lived their brief life . JB
Wonder Woman : The True Amazon by Jill Thompson . DC Comics .
Critics often speak of superhero comics as “ modern mythology , ” and while there 's some truth to the term , it mostly applies in aggregate : It 's about the way that stories accumulate over the decades , told and retold so often that the weight of history underwrites every new fable . In offering a new version of Wonder Woman 's origin story , The True Amazon accomplishes something more remarkable , building a myth of its own , one never weighed down by past stories , even when it borrows from them . Thompson turns the tragic beginnings of most superheroes on their heads . Here , Wonder Woman is no product of a doomed planet or a murdered family ; instead , they author their own catastrophe . The True Amazon elegantly imagines a character shaped by their own faults and desires , one who has to own their sins in order to overcome them . JB
Get the best of Slate in your inbox .
-- -
It 's a simple USB stick , much like the one you probably have sitting somewhere at the bottom of your backpack . But to the people in North Korea receiving it , the tiny device may provide their only glimpse into the outside world .
In the reclusive state , citizens have no access to the Internet and only one TV channel , which is run by the government . The state-controlled media has told its people that North Korea has discovered a cure for cancer and AIDS , that Kim Jong Il invented the hamburger and that country is rated the “ happiest place on Earth . ”
The real picture is much more bleak . A 2014 United Nations report found evidence of mass starvation , public executions , torture , forced abortions , slavery and “ disappearance of persons ” in the rigidly stratified society .
A man named Kang Chol-hwan is fighting the rigid regime with something they know it fears : information . More specifically—getting it into the hands of its citizens .
Their team at the North Korea Strategy Center , where they are the executive director , is loading up USB sticks with Hollywood movies and documentaries , Korean dramas , eBooks , newspapers on PDFs and an offline wikipedia , and smuggling them into North Korea . ( According to the organization 's program officer , The Hunger Games and Desperate Housewives are a couple favored shows . ) From 2008 through 2015 , the organization has sent 18,500 USBs , along with DVDs and small radios , into the country .
A fundraising campaign has been launched to help them send 6,000 more in six months . The mission of the North Korea Strategy Center is to advocate for free media and press in North Korea .
Kang was a child prisoner at Yodok political prison camp in North Korea , sent there with their family after their grandfather was accused of treason by the Kim regime . They recall constructing a building out of clay when they were 10 years old :
“ … there were dozens of kids , and while digging the ground , it collapsed , and they died . And the bodies were crushed flat . And they buried the kids secretly , without showing their parents , even though the parents came . They should n't force the children to work again , but they did . Even though at that moment they could notice the bleeding and dead kids . The kids were crying . It was the first atrocity I witnessed .
After escaping , Kang became a journalist , author , and human rights activist , publishing the The Aquariums of Pyongyang , the very first survivor 's account of North Korea 's concentration camps .
Today , many North Korean defectors are sharing their stories , including Joseph Kim , who resettled in the US and answered questions in a Reddit AMA last year .
On Wednesday , Kang did an AMA , discussing their experience as a prisoner and their thoughts on how to bring down the regime .
Here are some highlights .
On daily life in the work camps , and what happens when people are caught with the USB sticks
On the government surveillance system
On how much exposure North Koreans have to the outside world
On the misconceptions people have of North Koreans
On the strategy behind spreading information via movies , videos and digital media rather than balloon “ flyers ” —something South Korean activists have done . ( North Korea has retaliated , sending back balloons filled with cigarette butts and used toilet paper . )
On the ultimate end game and what needs to happen for the North Korean people to be free
See the full AMA here .
While most of the country reacted to Tom Brady 's suspension with applause , guffaws or rage depending on the viewpoint , pockets of the Midwest loyal to Jimmy Garoppolo , pride of Eastern Illinois University , quietly rejoiced . If Brady 's four-game suspension holds , and even if it 's reduced , Brady 's second-year backup will get a shot to justify the second-round draft choice Patriots coach Bill Belichick spent on them in 2014 .
The situation is unrivaled in the game 's short history—a former I-AA quarterback without a start to their name , filling in for a banned all-time great in a season opener . “ There 's no precedent for this , ” says Roy Wittke , the former EIU offensive coordinator who recruited both Garoppolo and Tony Romo to the school , “ but I believe in them and their work ethic , and I believe in that organization 's ability to support him . ”
A key component of that support will likely include the 6-2 , 226-pound Garoppolo getting the lion 's share of practice reps over a three-time Super Bowl MVP who is accustomed to being the only show in town . If it 's true , as ESPN 's Chris Mortensen reported in Week 5 last year , that there was friction between Brady and the Patriots staff concerning their future with the club , the new dynamic this year brought on by Brady 's own malfeasance wo n't help . There 's a potential for tension that no one could have imagined when the Patriots made the insurance-policy selection of Garoppolo 12 months ago .
John W. McDonough/Sports Illustrated/The MMQB
Belichick has a delicate choice to make : Just how much work will an inactive Brady get as they enter their 16th season ? In the past the coach has afforded backup quarterbacks minimal practice reps in a league that has curtailed offseason practices under the terms of the 2011 CBA . Said one former Patriots offensive player : “ In the offseason , two-a-days are gone . Backups have to keep themselves ready by practicing on the scout team . But in season , backups would rarely get reps. Like , rarely . ''
It bears repeating : We 're in uncharted waters .
Here 's a look at the mountainous challenge in front of Garoppolo , the 23-year-old from Arlington Heights , Ill .
Garoppolo , who did n't have a playbook in college , is now charged with commanding one of the most complex systems in football , heavy with option routes . `` There 's not much simplifying , '' Garoppolo said last year . `` You got ta know what you got ta know . ”
They have little game experience—27 regular season passes with 182 yards and a touchdown .
He 'll play behind an offensive line that in 2014 relied heavily on the 37-year-old Brady 's quick release to appear competent , allowing only 21 sacks while grading out as the fourth-worst pass blocking unit in football by Pro Football Focus . ( Brady was the league 's fourth-fastest passer from snap to attempt . )
They face the Steelers ( 11-5 in 2014 ) in a pressure packed Thursday night opener , then division-challenger Buffalo , Jacksonville , and finally Dallas ( 12-4 in 2014 ) .
So what experience will Garoppolo draw from as they prepare for the professional challenge of a lifetime ? The last time Jimmy was thrown into the fire they were an 18-year-old first-year student on an 0-3 team fresh off a conference title . Garoppolo beat out a JUCO transfer sophomore for a Sept. 25 , 2010 , home start vs. Jacksonville State at Eastern Illinois 's 10,000-seat stadium in Charleston , Ill. ( It 's a far cry from Thursday night at Foxboro , but it will have to do ) .
“ At that point we were not doing so well , ” says former EIU coach Bob Spoo , now retired , “ and we could see the potential in Jimmy , so we started him . They had a remarkable quick release . That 's what they had that the others did not—that was the deciding factor . ”
The two-star pocket passer with offers from Illinois State and Montana State struggled early , tossing a second quarter interception against the Ohio Valley Conference favorites . And the woes continued throughout a 2-9 season .
Garoppolo took over early in their first-year student season at EIU and became a four-year starter . ( Stephen Haas/AP ) Garoppolo took over early in their first-year student season at EIU and became a four-year starter . ( Stephen Haas/AP )
Garoppolo 's first four starts :
Opponent Att Comp Yards TD INT Jacksonville State 8 19 106 0 1 Southeast Missouri 20 33 163 1 4 Eastern Kentucky 23 41 272 1 2 Tennessee Tech 5 9 46 0 2
Coaches stuck with him , refusing to burn the redshirt year for nothing , and they finished that first year with 14 touchdowns and 13 INTs . “ He was a reps guy , ” Wittke says . “ He needed reps in practice . They were a guy who was going to benefit by playing . For fear of sounding disrespectful to him , some guys can see things from an abstract standpoint , but they do better when they see things on the field . That was just my experience with him , but that was four or five years ago . ”
“ He made some good plays , but we were not a very good football team and we did not have a good cast around him . It was a tough situation to put a first-year student in , but they showed poise and did n't panic . ”
Coaches finally saw the light flip on halfway through Garoppolo 's sophomore season . They went on to start all four years , improving incrementally and peaking with 53 touchdowns and nine interceptions as a senior . But instead of four years , he 'll have four weeks to prove their salt in the NFL .
Can Jimmy Garoppolo Handle the Heat ? There were reports of some early tension last year after the Patriots drafted Garoppolo ( 10 ) in the second round . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB ) Garoppolo saw limited action in six games as a rookie ; in the regular-season finale against Buffalo they were 10 of 17 for 90 yards in a 17-9 loss . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB ) Typical for the preseason , Garoppolo got reps in games . They might get more in practices now that it appears he 'll be the starter . ( Carlos M. Saavedra/Sports Illustrated/The MMQB ) Their college coaches say Garoppolo adjusts well to what they see on the field . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB ) 1 of 4 Advertisement
If it works out , and Brady returns to a .500-or-better club , Belichick looks smart for spending the 62nd pick of the 2014 draft on a quarterback . If Garoppolo struggles , and the Patriots go , say , 1-3 , it would be the second time Brady took a losing record into the Patriots ' fifth game . ( The first time , in 2001 , they led New England to a Super Bowl XXXVI victory ) .
Those who know Garoppolo are optimistic that it wo n't come to that .
“ In college , they took things in stride , ” Wittke says , “ did n't show a lot of emotion , was n't a guy who would come off the field and throw their helmet . They had a great sense of calm . This will be a hell of a lot bigger stage , but he 's grown and he 'll handle it . ”
Questions or comments ? Email us at talkback @ themmqb.com .
On June 2 , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) announced its long-awaited proposal to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants . Carbon dioxide is a primary greenhouse gas linked to climate change , and power plants are the largest source of carbon pollution in the U.S. , contributing nearly one-third of domestic greenhouse gas emissions . This is the first time that EPA has proposed limiting carbon dioxide from existing plants .
The proposal is a major component of President Obama 's Climate Action Plan , which directed EPA to set limits on carbon dioxide emitted from new and existing power plants . Under the plan , EPA must finalize the proposed rule by June 2015 .
EPA 's proposal seeks to achieve a 30 percent reduction in carbon emissions and a 25 percent reduction of particle pollution , nitrogen oxides , and sulfur dioxide by 2030 from 2005 levels . States will have one year to develop an implementation plan for achieving these reductions and will have two to three years to finalize those plans . Ensuring maximum flexibility , the rule allows states to choose from among a variety of options to achieve the reductions , such as by requiring plants to use new , cleaner technologies , switching from coal to less polluting natural gas or renewable energy sources , reducing power use through improved efficiency , or developing a multi-state or regional market-based greenhouse gas trading program .
EPA estimates that the proposal would help prevent up to 6,600 premature deaths , 150,000 childhood asthma attacks , and 490,000 missed school and work days , and would deliver additional benefits from reduced climate change impacts . These achievements would result in up to $ 84 billion in net benefits to public health and the environment . The rule is also expected to create tens of thousands of jobs across multiple sectors of the economy . ( For more on how these new limits on carbon emission will benefit you , check out the White House 's infographic here . )
According to a new poll by The Washington Post and ABC , 70 percent of all adults surveyed said there should be limits on greenhouse gases from existing power plants and that each state should be responsible for achieving those reductions . Notably , the poll shows that support for the proposal is largely bipartisan , with 79 percent of Democrats , 76 percent of independents , and 57 percent of Republicans agreeing with EPA 's state-based approach to limiting carbon emissions .
Contrary to the public 's wide support for EPA 's latest action to combat climate change , industry groups remain vehemently opposed to the proposed carbon limits , claiming that it will devastate the U.S. economy . But the White House reminds the public that these claims are nothing more than baseless rhetoric , writing : “ zero—that 's the number of times special interests have been right about having to choose between the health of our people and the health of our economy . ”
As groups on both sides of the issue more closely examine the proposal , there is likely to be much debate over the rule 's impacts , both in terms of benefits to public health and the environment and costs to businesses . Once the proposal is published in the Federal Register , all interested people will have an opportunity to comment on the proposal for 120 days . EPA also plans to host four public hearings on the proposal in July .
More information on EPA 's efforts to reduce carbon emissions from power plants in the U.S. and opportunities for the public to get involved can be found here .
UPDATE ( 06/19/2014 ) : On June 18 , EPA 's proposed rule to limit carbon dioxide from power plants was published in the Federal Register , commencing the notice-and-comment period for the rule . The deadline for anyone interested in submitting comments on the proposed rule is Oct. 16 , 2014 .
The proposal also provides details on four public hearings EPA will convene this July . The meetings are intended to provide an opportunity for those interested in the rulemaking to present data , views , or arguments on the proposal to the agency .
Today Nest has unveiled the second generation of its Protect smoke and carbon monoxide alarm . It will retail for the same $ 100 as the previous model , and it comes with a number of fixes intended to address the flaws of the first model .
The big new feature is the ability to silence an alarm using the companion app . Other additions include a sensor that can tell the difference between fast and slow fires and a humidity sensor that should prevent the device from going off due to steam . If you have a soon-to-be-released Nest Cam in the same room , the companion app will let you quickly get a view of what 's going on once the alarms sound off .
The ability to silence partially addresses the primary concern about the previous model : false alarms . Instead of having to take down each alarm and yank out the battery , you simply use your phone to tell it to shut up . However , Nest is n't just going for a superficial solution . The company says it has designed a new smoke chamber that should reduce the number of false alarms . It comes with a stainless steel screen with tiny holes that should let smoke in and keep things like dust and bugs out .
The Google Store and Amazon both contain listings for the new product . The latter says to Protect is not yet available for sale , but it 's accepting pre-orders for both wired and battery-powered models . Google will also sell you either model right away ( in Canada and the US , excluding Puerto Rico ) , but it says it wo n't ship for 4 - 5 weeks . Nest 's site says orders will go out in 26 days .
Google has dropped the price of the older Protect by $ 20 . There 's a separate page for wired and battery-powered models , so be careful which one you order . Also ask yourself if shaving 20 % off the price is really worth it . Manually having to take down over sensitive fire alarms can lead to buyer 's remorse faster than three loud beeps . The 2nd generation looks like the one to get , but we 'll have to wait for folks to start getting their hands on these units to know for sure .
The Mona Lisa , The Great Wall of China , The Trevi Fountain ; it seems some of the wonders of the world are being destroyed by hoards of tourists . What can we do to protect them ?
SPAIN 'S idyllic beaches , bold architecture , vibrant night-life and colourful culture draws millions of tourists every year . But behind the paradise a hostile battle is bubbling to the surface .
And we are at the centre of it .
Many Spaniards are growing frustrated by armies of tourists taking over town centres , disrupting the lives of locals and putting a strain on resources .
In 2016 , some 75.3 million people visited the European country . That grossly outnumbers the country 's actual residents , of which there are about 46 million .
In fact , Spain has broken its own tourist number records each year for the past four years and currently holds the title of the world 's third most popular tourist destination , according to the UN 's World Tourism Organisation .
And while tourism represents some 11 per cent of Spain 's 1.2 trillion euro ( $ 1.8 trillion ) gross domestic product , an anti-tourism movement has been simmering among locals for quite some time . But it appears the anger may now be close to boiling point , with frustration turning into actual violence .
Last week there was a troubling assault on an open-top tourist bus in one of Spain 's most popular tourist destinations , Barcelona , as it pulled up outside the Camp Nou stadium of the city 's iconic football team FC Barcelona .
Four masked assailants slashed the vehicle 's tyres and scrawled “ El Turisme Mata Els Barris ” in Catalan — which translates as “ Tourism Kills Neighbourhoods ” — onto the bus windscreen .
At the time , many of the visitors on board that bus feared they were actually caught in a terrorist attack rather than what turned out to be an anti-tourist protest .
“ I really thought it was a terrorist attack and my number was up , ” British visitor Andrew Carey of Bridgend , who was on the bus with their wife Natalie , told the Telegraph .
“ Masked men surrounded the bus and began shouting . We were getting ready for someone to come up the stairs with a knife or a gun . It was a relief that they just sprayed graffiti .
“ It was very frightening . ”
And just days later the tyres of rental bicycles for tourists were slashed .
Arran , the youth wing of the radical pro-independence political party CUP ( Popular Unity Candidacy ) , has claimed responsibility for the anti-tourism campaign . They consider themselves activists fighting the rise of mass tourism in Spain .
At the core of the group 's problem with mass tourism is the belief that it creates an economic divide for the working classes , who are unable to afford apartment rentals because they are being forced out of the market by holiday-makers and inflated prices .
Accompanying a video of the Barcelona bicycle slashing that the group posted on Twitter , they wrote : “ We are fed up with the occupation by tourist companies of the public space of the neighbourhood. ” The account is littered with other similar anti-tourism sentiments .
Ja n'estem fartes de l'ocupació per part d'empreses turístiques de l'espai públic del barri , ACTUEM !
UNEIX-TE AL COMBAT✊🏼 pic.twitter.com/PG7Ru3xljY — Arran del Poblenou🗝 ( @ ArranP9 ) July 31 , 2017
A spokesperson for Arran said the vandalism in Barcelona was an act of “ self defence ” .
“ The mass tourism in Catalonia is generating huge social inequality , ” a spokesperson told IBTimes UK .
“ Thousands of people are forced to leave their neighbourhoods and thousands more are forced into very bad working conditions . ”
It is estimated that Barcelona pulls in around 32 million visitors a year , including cruise passengers and day-trippers . That 's 20 times the city 's population of just 1.6 million .
And Arran is n't the only ones fighting against it in Barcelona . The anti-tourist movement gained momentum when in June 2015 , the city got a new mayor , Ada Colau — an outspoken critic of tourists .
After being elected to office , Colau , who is a member of the Barcelona in Common party , said they feared Barcelona would “ end up like Venice ” , a city in which tourism has been blamed for driving locals away .
They then introduced tourist caps , including on the city 's famous La Boqueria markets , and put a one-year moratorium on new licences for hotel and tourist apartments in the city .
And Barcelona also is n't the only Spanish city in the fight either . Arran has fought back in the Spanish island of Majorca .
Members of the group recently stormed a restaurant in Palma , a resort city and the capital of Majorca .
They threw confetti and set off smoke bombs at a Mar de Nudos restaurant , and displayed a poster which read : “ Tourism Kills Majorca ” , according to The Times .
Last year , Palma was also branded with unwelcoming messages to incoming tourists . On an old brick wall in a town centre , the words “ Tourist go home ” were emblazoned in bright red spray-paint . Another message on another wall , this one in black , read : “ Tourist you are the terrorist ” .
Ibiza and Minorca , which make up the Spanish Balearic Islands with Majorca , have also expressed concerns over a rising number of visitors .
In the popular party island of Ibiza , which is prone to drought , water reserves are dwindling . In rural Menorca there are fears natural attractions could be ruined by tourism .
To try and combat the problems mass tourism can bring , the Balearic Islands implemented a Sustainable Tourism Tax in July 2016 — an additional payment of up to two euros ( $ AU3 ) for each overnight stay .
Back in Barcelona , Colau condemned the attack on the tour bus by tweeting that “ protesting against tourism can never be about intimidating people or damaging facilities ” .
But Laura Flores , a spokesperson for Arran , said that the group 's vandalism is “ a response to the violence we face every day . The street must be allowed to speak ; it 's the only place where we can fight , ” they said , according to The Guardian .
Read more : Barcelona terror attack sees at least 13 people killed at iconic Las Ramblas tourist hotspot in Spain
Ca n't get enough Taco Bell ? I 'm looking at you , Chicken Chalupa lovers .
For $ 600 , you and your loved one can now tie the knot at the Mexican fast-food chain in Las Vegas . Cue the wedding bells .
Beginning this summer , couples will be able to hold their weddings at Taco Bell 's Cantina flagship restaurant , which opened last fall in Las Vegas . The total wedding package will include a Taco Bell garter , bow tie , a wedding bouquet made of sauce packets , `` Just Married '' T-shirts , and Taco Bell-branded champagne flutes , the company said .
After the official ceremony is over , Taco Bell said it will then cover the newlywed 's first meal — a 12-pack of tacos and a Cinnabon Delights cake .
`` In a town known for pulling out all of the stops , we think this will be the most craveable matrimonial experience to ever hit Vegas , '' Marisa Thalberg , chief marketing officer at Yum Brands-owned Taco Bell , said in a statement .
According to the company 's release , wedding coordination and officiant services will be provided by Flora Pop , a traveling pop-up wedding company .
Before the wedding package is made available this summer , interested couples can enter to win an all-expense paid trip to Vegas to be the first to get married in the restaurant . Taco Bell wants to make this day extra special — and extra cheesy — for you .
A Russian law that bans gay “ propaganda ” encourages homophobia and discrimination , the European court of human rights has ruled , in a sharply worded rebuke to the Kremlin .
Three Russian gay rights activists brought the case against the 2013 federal statute , widely known as the “ gay propaganda ” law , after they were arrested between 2009-12 for protesting against local anti-gay laws , which became the model for the later national law .
'Queer lives matter ' : gay teacher 's message to Trump as photo goes viral Read more
“ By adopting such laws the [ Russian ] authorities reinforce stigma and encourage homophobia , which is incompatible with the notions of equality , pluralism and tolerance inherent in a democratic society , ” the Strasbourg-based ECHR said in a comprehensive demolition of the arguments advanced by Russian lawyers .
The Russian law bans giving children any information about homosexuality and is widely thought to have made life harder for gay Russians , who were already battling deep social prejudices . The Disney film Beauty and the Beast fell foul of the law , when a ruling party MP called for the musical to be banned .
One of the activists who brought the case was arrested after they had stood in front of a secondary school in Ryazan with placards stating “ homosexuality is normal ” and “ I am proud of my homosexuality ” .
The second and third applicants had picketed a public library in Arkhangelsk with banners listing famous Russians believed to have been gay . One of the banners said : “ Children have the right to know . Great people are also sometimes gay ; gay people also become great . Homosexuality is natural and normal. ” One of the men carried out another protest at an administrative building in St Petersburg .
The three men had been fined for breaking the law and appealed to the ECHR in Strasbourg after Russia 's constitutional court dismissed their cases . In a long-awaited ruling the ECHR took apart the arguments put forward by Russian government lawyers , rejecting claims the law protected public morals , health and other people 's rights .
The court ruled such measures were “ likely to be counterproductive in achieving the declared legitimate aims of protection of health and the protection of the rights of others , ” while saying the vague wording opened the door to abuse .
It concluded that Russia had violated the European convention on human rights on freedom of expression ( article 10 ) and prohibition of discrimination ( article 14 ) . The state has been ordered to pay damages totalling €43,000 ( £37,800 ) plus costs and interest within three months .
The judgment was the majority opinion of six out of seven of the judges , only Russian judge Dmitry Dedov offered a dissenting opinion .
A spokesperson for Vladimir Putin said the Kremlin would study the ruling , local media reported . Between 2014-16 , 14 people were fined under this law , according to independent website Meduza .
Nikolai Alexeyev , a Russian gay rights activist , described the ruling as “ an enormous court victory for LGBT people in Russia ” .
“ We have managed to legally prove that by adopting those laws Russian authorities breached their international commitments under the European convention , ” they said .
Homosexuality was decriminalised in Russia in 1993 , but prejudice has remained widespread . Russia 's anti-gay laws are thought to have contributed to a surge in vigilantism across the country , with gay people lured to meetings before being beaten and humiliated , often on camera .
An anti-gay campaign in the southern republic of Chechnya organised by security services has led to at least 100 men being rounded up and imprisoned . Many are known to have been tortured and some are believed to have been killed . Russian officials said in May they were investigating the reports .
Russia joined the Council of Europe in 1996 , bringing it under the jurisdiction of the human rights court .
The Russian government had defended its law , arguing that many citizens disapprove of homosexuality , but the court rejected this reasoning , noting that minority rights become “ theoretical ” when they are conditional on being accepted by the majority .
On Tuesday , foreign minister Sergei Lavrov dismissed criticisms over Russia 's treatment of gay people .
“ On LGBT , we do not prosecute for this or that orientation , ” they told reporters in Moscow .
The legions of Americans who hope to save Thanksgiving from the crassness and commercialism of the rest of the holiday shopping season appear to be losing the battle . A new survey shows that more Americans are becoming cool with the fact that stores are open for business with huge holiday sales and promotions on Thanksgiving Day .
Once reserved as a sacred day for family time , free of the consumerist frenzy that dominates the weeks before Christmas , Thanksgiving has increasingly become a prime day for pumping up sales by retailers such as Kmart , J.C. Penney , and Walmart .
The trend started with stores opening one year at midnight on Thanksgiving night , then 10 p.m. the year after , and 8 p.m. the year after that . As store hours crept deeper and deeper back into the Thanksgiving Day dinner ( or even lunch and breakfast ) hours , more Americans grew agitated with the sacrilege , promising boycotts of stores that opened ( and forced employees to work ) on the national holiday .
However , a new survey from RichRelevance.com indicates that the outrage over Thanksgiving shopping hours appears to be fading . In the new poll , over half of Americans ( 55 % ) maintain they are still “ annoyed ” or “ very annoyed ” when stores are open on Thanksgiving . But this marks a significant decline from 2014 , when Thanksgiving Day shopping was emerging as a trendy new thing—and 65 % of those polled said the concept made them “ annoyed ” or “ very annoyed . ”
The survey also shows that “ Christmas Creep ” —the annual push by retailers to introduce holiday displays and entice shoppers to do Christmas shopping earlier each year—is also winning over more consumers . Or at least the trend is becoming so commonplace it 's less likely to get people up in arms . Most people are still irked by Christmas Creep , but according to the RichRelevance survey , only 63 % of Americans are “ annoyed ” or “ very annoyed ” today by the appearance of winter holiday items before Halloween , compared with 71 % in 2014 .
Read Next : Stores Realize It 's Dumb to Open Earlier and Earlier on Thanksgiving
What 's especially interesting is that while people generally seem to be warming up to the idea of shopping on Thanksgiving , most shoppers simultaneously want to support stores that refuse to open on the holiday . Clearly , the “ Save Thanksgiving ” campaign still resonates with many Americans : 53 % in the RichRelevance survey said they 're more likely to shop at stores that stay closed on Thanksgiving ; and 73 % said decisions like the one made by REI last year , which was closed on Thanksgiving and Black Friday , made them like the retailer more .
HONOLULU — Once again , United Airlines is dealing with a customer controversy .
Shirley Yamauchi said the airline gave away their 2-year-old son 's seat on a recent flight , forcing them to sit in their lap for over three hours .
`` He 's 25 pounds . He 's half my height , '' Yamauchi told CNN affiliate KHNL . `` I was very uncomfortable ... I lost feeling in my legs and my left arm . ''
Yamauchi and the toddler were on the last leg of an 18-hour journey from Hawaii to Boston . When they stopped in Houston , a male standby passenger came on board with a ticket showing the same seat number as their son .
After a man was dragged off an overbooked United flight in April , Yamauchi said they did n't want to make a scene .
`` I 'm scared . I 'm worried . I 'm traveling with an infant , '' they told CNN affiliate KITV . `` I did n't want to get hurt . I did n't want either of us to get hurt . ''
So the standby passenger sat down in the center seat . Yamauchi moved their son onto their lap in the window seat for the duration of the flight . United requires children who are 2 or older to have a purchased ticket , and the airline clearly states on its website that they must `` occupy a seat . ''
Shirley Yamauchi had to fly with their son on their lap for over three hours on the last leg of an ... https : //t.co/RH4MRC0aYF via @ MailOnline — concerntonoend ( @ Concerntonoend ) July 5 , 2017
Yamauchi told KITV they paid $ 969 for their son 's ticket .
United said in a statement they did n't scan the toddler 's boarding pass properly , which is why the seemingly empty seat was given away to another passenger . They are giving Yamauchi a travel voucher and refunding their son 's ticket .
`` We deeply apologize to Ms. Yamauchi and their son , '' the airline wrote . `` We are also working with our gate staff to prevent this from happening again . ''
The Federal Aviation Administration says keeping a child in a parent 's lap is not a safe option .
`` Your arms are n't capable of holding your child securely , especially during unexpected turbulence , '' according to FAA guidelines .
In recent months , United Airlines also has apologized for falsely accusing a male passenger of fondling their child and been sued by another passenger who said they were shoved to the floor by a United employee in 2015 .
Copyright 2017 Cable News Network . Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
×
Are you gutted by the lack of good multiplayer ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below !
A tweet confirms that Assassin 's Creed 3 : Liberation 's multiplayer mode is not like the console versions , instead it is a strategy card game , more details inside ......... The video below shows Assassin 's Creed 3 : Liberations online multiplayer mode : As you can see the game does not include a free roam multiplayer mode like the consoles instead it includes a strategy card game.However before you start bashing the game remember that Assassin 's Creed is a single player franchise , multiplayer has never really been its strong point , and lets face it , who here was more interested in the multiplayer than the single player ? Though its disappointing not to have a strong multiplayer mode , the single player should still justify a purchase.Thanks to @ ACreedUniverse for tweeting us the tip .
Buy Photo Some individuals wore masks for anonymity while marching in the streets of downtown Cincinnati in protest of the events in Ferguson . ( Photo : Madison Schmidt for The Enquirer ) Buy Photo
A three-hour march through downtown Cincinnati to show solidarity with the citizens of Ferguson , Missouri , resulted in arrests when the crowd briefly shut down Interstate 75 Tuesday night with chants of `` No justice , no peace . ''
A total of 15 people were arrested during the protests , charged with civil unrest and held without bail , according to Hamilton County Municipal Court Judge Melissa Powers .
For the most part the 80 to 100 people were peaceful , first gathering on the steps of the Federal Courthouse where National Action Network leaders and Mayor John Cranley addressed the crowd . The group then marched north to Over-the-Rhine , some wearing white masks . Others had signs : `` Black lives matter , '' `` How many more ? '' and `` Justice requires a trial . ''
At times , together , they raised their hands in the air , saying : `` Do n't shoot . ''
The crowd gathered to protest a Missouri grand jury 's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown Jr. , an unarmed black St. Louis native . The Monday decision set off violence in Ferguson and protests across America .
CLOSE Ferguson protest spreads through downtown Cincinnati . The Enquirer/Sharon Coolidge
Cincinnati Police Lt. Col. James Whalen said they are n't surprised the march turned into `` a bit of a walk , '' but they are n't expecting people to walk on the highway .
About 30 minutes into the march , demonstrators scaled concrete barriers and emerged on northbound Interstate 75 . Police had closed that stretch of highway , but nearby southbound traffic had n't been stopped .
Demonstrators turned up on the southbound side as well , prompting police to make arrests .
The police had resources in place to keep everyone on I-75 north safe , but when the protesters began to climb the retaining wall between north and south , Whalen said they ordered arrests to be made .
`` We wanted to let people say what they wanted to say and express themselves , '' they said . `` Fortunately there were no reportable offenses committed , no one was hurt , no property was damaged , and so we were able to leapfrog traffic and clear the way . ''
Ten to 20 officers escorted the crowd , some in cars and motorcycles , others on foot . The crowd dispersed about 8:30 p.m. Officers were polite , but insisted all traffic laws be followed , meaning the crowd waited at red lights when needed .
The march went a number of miles before it was over , Whalen said .
Scenes in the street were reminiscent of Cincinnati 's 2001 unrest and riots , sparked by the fatal police shooting of Timothy Thomas , an unarmed black man . Some in the crowd shouted Thomas ' name .
Just as now , protesters took to the streets . However , unlike on Tuesday , rioters and looters took control of city streets in Over-the-Rhine and the West End during the 2001 troubles .
When it was over , the police department underwent dramatic reforms that changed the way officers train and interact with the community . Community leaders , city officials and police also worked together under terms of a `` collaborative agreement '' meant to improve the relationship between police and the neighborhoods they patrol .
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
`` Like all of you , I sympathize with the loss of life and the events that are unfolding in Ferguson , '' Cranley told the crowd . `` I can sympathize with all aspects with what ( Ferguson ) is experiencing because we have gone through similar tensions in the past . ''
Herb Winston , 48 , of College Hill and a graduate of the University of Cincinnati with a law degree , said they have struggled to explain recent events , including Brown 's fatal shooting , to their sons , ages 19 and 23 . `` Hearing about these killings is disappointing , '' they said . `` I am disappointed to be back out on the streets talking about these same issues . ''
Adrian Farmer , 21 , of Fairfield referenced the 2001 Cincinnati events , as well . `` I believe in the cause ; I believe in the police being there to protect us , '' they said . `` But we support a change . What happened with indictment was wrong . Can it happen here ? It already did with Timothy Thomas . ''
Officer Michael Roach was tried for killing Thomas in 2001 but acquitted .
Jada Lyshe , 22 , of Avondale , a crowd leader , said , `` Cincinnati said to the world , 'What happened in Ferguson in unacceptable . This is not over . ' ''
Read or Share this story : http : //cin.ci/1thAthL
A prominent Ole Miss athletics backer known for tweeting at and promoting potential Rebels student-athletes was revealed to be a fake account yesterday , ending years of speculation that the blonde and perky `` Analesa Presley '' did not exist at all .
Mississippi State blogger Steve Robertson tracked down the individuals whose photos were used to represent `` Analesa , '' and wrote up the entire affair over at Scout . The character , who has represented themselves online as `` @ Rebel_AP , '' `` @ Rebel_AGP , '' `` @ FinsUpAP , '' and others , has been a highly visible Ole Miss booster since at least 2012 , appearing on platforms including Twitter , Facebook , Myspace , Pinterest , Snapchat , and Instagram , all of which did nothing but hype Ole Miss athletics and attempt to draw recruits .
The character served as a catch-all cheerleader for everything Ole Miss , despite not actually being a Rebel herself ; they supposedly attended either Ohio State or a Mississippi community college , depending on where you entered the story . The official explanation for why they had to keep changing their Twitter handle was harassment ; the more likely truth is that it was simply an excuse to wipe out any proof Presley did not exist and start over from scratch .
Advertisement
The photos of `` Analesa '' were swiped from the internet , as Robertson discovered .
[ A ] tip came in that led me to contact a young lady from Dalton , Georgia by the name of Bailey Sims . After connecting with Sims on social media , it was clear that their pictures had a striking resemblance with those supposedly of one Analesa Presley . In fact , all of the profile pictures on every form of social media for Analesa Presley was either Bailey Sims or their sister Ashley . `` It all just creeps me out , '' Bailey said . `` I ca n't believe something like this would ever happen . ''
Advertisement
The influence of `` Analesa Presley '' was strong enough in Oxford that `` she '' got birthday shout-outs from head coach Hugh Freeze . Many have alleged they were the creation of radio hosts Make It Rain Sports , which hosted their articles and , twice , featured `` her '' on the air :
Make It Rain Sports has consistently spoken of the character as if they were quite familiar with their identity and whereabouts , but today host Acey Roberts proclaimed ignorance .
Advertisement
We first heard questions about `` Analesa '' in late 2012 , when tipsters suggested the Ole Miss booster did n't exist ; we set the story aside a few weeks later to investigate a different college football story about a too-good-to-be-true woman . Some insisted that `` Analesa '' was actually a product of the Ole Miss athletic department itself . We 're skeptical but if you have information , please let us know .
Staffers at the Dr. Phil show , hosted by Dr. Phil McGraw , have been accused by at a former guest of supplying them with drugs and alcohol in order to make for a better television appearance — with family members of two others making similar allegations .
According to the health website STAT and the Boston Globe , Todd Herzog may have won the reality show Survivor in 2007 , but by 2013 they were a suffering alcoholic . Dr. Phil flew Herzog and their family out to make an appearance on their show . Herzog claims that they arrived on-set sober , and inside of their dressing room were two well placed liters of vodka — which they drank . Then , Herzog said , someone who works on the show gave them a Xanax , saying it would “ calm their nerves . ”
“ I show up to the studios and I 'm sober , ” Herzog told STAT and the Globe . “ I 'm hurting a lot and I 'm shaking .
“ They pull me into my dressing room and there were two liters of vodka and , like , some Red Bulls and orange juice… at some point somebody gave me a Xanax . ”
Herzog condemned the thinking behind giving an alcoholic anti-anxiety medication , knowing that the combination could have put them in danger .
“ So I had been drinking and I took a Xanax , which I had never taken before in my life , and I know that can be a deadly combination so why that was given to me I do n't know , ” they said . “ Next thing you know , I 'm being carried on to the stage because I can barely walk .
“ What would have happened if I had died there ? ”
Though Dr. Phil declined to comment on the report , the show did send staffer Martin Greenberg out with a response . They denied the accusation and laid the blame right at Herzog 's feet .
“ These people volunteer to come on . They beg to come on , ” they said . “ Addicts are notorious for lying , deflecting and trivializing . But , if they are at risk when they arrive , then they were at risk before they arrived . ”
Herzog is n't the only guest that has lobbed similar accusations at the talk show host . Joelle King-Parrish has stated that a staffer actually accompanied their daughter to purchase heroin before an appearance on the program last year . And Marianne Smith claims a Dr. Phil producer helped their niece procure heroin .
According to Forbes , Dr. Phil is the highest-paid personality in daytime TV , making $ 79 million in 2016 .
[ image via screenshot ]
—
Follow Lawrence Bonk ( @ sidescrollers ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Update : McLaren has issued a statement in response , rejecting the report and denying any discussions with Apple about a potential investment .
The Financial Times is reporting that Apple is in talks to acquire McLaren , a supercar manufacturer to aids its own automobile efforts for the long-rumored Apple Car . The report says Apple is considering a full takeover acquisition of McLaren with talks spanning several months .
In McLaren , Apple may be interested in expertise and talent relating to car materials and “ on-board computer systems ” . The FT says an acquisition would be valued around a $ 1.5 billion dollars ; McLaren currently records yearly losses .
Apple 's car is rumored to be 100 % electric . Of note , McLaren has already announced that it wants to build an electric car of its own , for the McLaren P1 or P1 GTR .
McLaren has an interest in materials like carbon fiber and aluminium , which overlaps Apple 's current materials of choice for its technology products . Although Apple is very unlikely to be building a supercar , the intersection of knowledge would be very valuable .
An approximate billion dollar acquisition is pretty cheap , given Apple 's existing > $ 200 billion cash pile . However , a full acquisition would mean Apple would then be responsible for the company 's ongoing losses . This could be written off as R & D costs , of course .
The report notes that Apple is in talks about a full takeover as well as a smaller-scale strategic investment . On a similar vein , Apple invested $ 1 billion into ride-sharing startup Didi Chuxing in China .
Previous rumors have pinpointed a vague 2020 launch timeframe for Apple Car . However , the group running Project Titan ( the codename for Apple 's electric car group ) has gone through several shakeups in leadership and it seems the project is already seeing delays .
Most recently , the Wall Street Journal said that ex-retired Apple exec Bob Mansfield is now heading the project , after the departure of Steve Zadesky . An acquisition of McLaren should speed up proceedings considerably .
Wastewater from households , industries and agriculture should not be seen as a problem but a valuable resource which could help meet the demands for water , energy and nutrients from a growing global population , a U.N. water expert said .
Globally , more than 80 percent of wastewater is released into rivers and lakes without treatment with a negative impact on health and the environment , according to the 2017 U.N. World Water Development Report published on Wednesday .
Pollution from human and animal waste affects nearly one in three rivers in Latin America , Asia and Africa , putting millions of lives at risk , it said .
But wastewater contains nutrients such as phosphorus and nitrates which can be turned into fertiliser , said Richard Connor , editor-in-chief of the report .
Treated sludge can be turned into biogas that could power wastewater treatment plants or be sold on the market , they added .
`` Wastewater itself is a valuable resource , even the term wastewater is an oxymoron , '' Connor told the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
`` We need to stop seeing it as a burden to be dealt with . It 's not a waste and should not be a waste , especially in this world of water scarcity , '' they said by phone from Perugia .
The `` Yuck Factor ''
With the world 's population expected to grow by one third to more than 9 billion by 2050 , the world will need 55 percent more water and 70 percent more energy , the United Nations says .
Population growth will also lead to a 70 percent increase in demand for food , putting more pressure on water through farming , which is already the biggest consumer of water .
More people also means more wastewater , including from sanitation , which governments have pledged to improve as part of development goals agreed by U.N. member states in 2015 .
Increased wastewater is one of the biggest challenges associated with the growth of informal settlements in rapidly expanding cities in developing countries , the report said .
Connor said even though wastewater is a valuable resource , what often stops governments from investing in treatment plants is the cost while what puts people off using it is the `` yuck factor '' .
Yet the International Space Station has been using the same water for 17 years , Connor noted .
`` One morning it 's tea , by the afternoon it 's pee and then the next morning somebody is shaving with it , '' they said .
A solution for governments is to invest in smaller , decentralised treatment systems , which cost a fraction of conventional plants and require less maintenance , Connor said .
They added that not all water needs to be treated to drinking water quality but to a level where it is safe to use by industries , municipalities , agriculture or for cooling in power plants .
`` You go for what 's affordable and design the level of treatment according to your needs , '' Connor said .
The announcement itself is not unexpected , it 's one of the reasons why Heather and I started Mothers for Nuclear in the first place . When we saw well-run plants facing premature shutdown across the United States , we were uncomfortable . When shuttered nuclear plants were replaced with fossil fuels , we were perplexed ( protectors of the environment , where are you ? ) . When the threat came to Diablo Canyon , we were mad .
Why would environmental groups knowingly go backwards on climate progress ? Do they really believe that climate change is our most pressing environmental problem ? If so , why would they advocate for the shut down our largest source of clean energy ? Nuclear power does not emit pollution or greenhouse gases during the production of electricity , and all of the used fuel is securely tucked away in storage canisters . When nuclear plants are shut down , they are replaced by fossil fuels . As air pollution is a carcinogen and a leading environmental health risk , increasing our dependency on fossil fuels is something we should all be concerned about .
It seems that fears are being trusted over facts , and suspicions are favored over science . Calling the shutdown of existing nuclear plants an environmental victory is deceptive and just plain wrong . Moms do n't take deception lightly - especially when the health of our children and our planet are in the balance .
I grew up on the writings of John Muir , exploring the same wilderness that inspired them to crusade for the protection of our national treasures ( just like every kid , right ? ) . Now the “ environmental ” groups that claim to follow their legacy are taking money from fossil fuel interests and approving the destruction of native lands for renewable energy sprawl . And to ice the cake , the proposal to shut down Diablo Canyon includes talk of expanding pumped storage ( read : dams ) . Aaaah , dams . Muir loved those , right ? Someone go check on him , I think they just rolled over in theirs grave .
The processing power of standard computers is likely to reach its maximum in the next 10 to 25 years . Even at this maximum power , traditional computers wo n't be able to handle a particular class of problem that involves combining variables to come up with many possible answers , and looking for the best solution .
Post-doctoral scholar Peter McMahon , left , and visiting researcher Alireza Marandi examine a prototype of a new type of light-based computer . ( Image credit : L.A. Cicero )
Now , an entirely new type of computer that blends optical and electrical processing , reported Oct. 20 in the journal Science , could get around this impending processing constraint and solve those problems . If it can be scaled up , this non-traditional computer could save costs by finding more optimal solutions to problems that have an incredibly high number of possible solutions .
“ This is a machine that 's in a sense the first in its class , and the idea is that it opens up a sub-field of research in the area of non-traditional computing machines , ” said Peter McMahon , postdoctoral scholar in applied physics and co-author of the paper . “ There are many , many questions that this development raises and we expect that over the next few years , several groups are going to be investigating this class of machine and looking into how this approach will pan out . ”
The traveling salesperson problem
There is a special type of problem – called a combinatorial optimization problem – that traditional computers find difficult to solve , even approximately . An example is what 's known as the “ traveling salesperson ” problem , wherein a salesperson has to visit a specific set of cities , each only once , and return to the first city , and the salesperson wants to take the most efficient route possible . This problem may seem simple but the number of possible routes increases extremely rapidly as cities are added , and this underlies why the problem is difficult to solve .
“ Those problems are challenging for standard computers , even supercomputers , because as the size grows , at some point , it takes the age of the universe to search through all the possible solutions , ” said Alireza Marandi , a former postdoctoral scholar at Stanford and co-author of the study . “ This is true even with a supercomputer because the growth in possibilities is so fast . ”
It may be tempting to simply give up on the traveling salesperson , but solving such hard optimization problems could have enormous impact in a wide range of areas . Examples include finding the optimal path for delivery trucks , minimizing interference in wireless networks , and determining how proteins fold . Even small improvements in some of these areas could result in massive monetary savings , which is why some scientists have spent their careers creating algorithms that produce very good approximate solutions to this type of problem .
An Ising machine
The Stanford team has built what 's called an Ising machine , named for a mathematical model of magnetism . The machine acts like a reprogrammable network of artificial magnets where each magnet only points up or down and , like a real magnetic system , it is expected to tend toward operating at low energy .
The theory is that , if the connections among a network of magnets can be programmed to represent the problem at hand , once they settle on the optimal , low-energy directions they should face , the solution can be derived from their final state . In the case of the traveling salesperson , each artificial magnet in the Ising machine represents the position of a city in a particular path .
Rather than using magnets on a grid , the Stanford team used a special kind of laser system , known as a degenerate optical parametric oscillator , that , when turned on , will represent an upward- or downward-pointing “ spin. ” Pulses of the laser represent a city 's position in a path the salesperson could take . In an earlier version of this machine ( published two years ago ) , the team members extracted a small portion of each pulse , delayed it and added a controlled amount of that portion to the subsequent pulses . In traveling salesperson terms , this is how they program the machine with the connections and distances between the cities . The pulse-to-pulse couplings constitute the programming of the problem . Then the machine is turned on to try to find a solution , which can be obtained by measuring the final output phases of the pulses .
The problem in this previous approach was connecting large numbers of pulses in arbitrarily complex ways . It was doable but required an added controllable optical delay for each pulse , which was costly and difficult to implement .
Scaling up
The latest Stanford Ising machine shows that a drastically more affordable and practical version could be made by replacing the controllable optical delays with a digital electronic circuit . The circuit emulates the optical connections among the pulses in order to program the problem and the laser system still solves it .
Nearly all of the materials used to make this machine are off-the-shelf elements that are already used for telecommunications . That , in combination with the simplicity of the programming , makes it easy to scale up . Stanford 's machine is currently able to solve 100-variable problems with any arbitrary set of connections between variables , and it has been tested on thousands of scenarios .
A group at NTT in Japan that consulted with Stanford 's team has also created an independent version of the machine ; its study has been published alongside Stanford 's by Science . For now , the Ising machine still falls short of beating the processing power of traditional digital computers when it comes to combinatorial optimization . But it is gaining ground fast and the researchers are looking forward to seeing what other work will be possible based on this breakthrough .
“ I think it 's an exciting avenue of exploration for finding alternative computers . It can get us closer to more efficient ways of tackling some of the most daunting computational problems we have , ” said Marandi . “ So far , we 've made a laser-based computer that can target some of these problems , and we have already shown some promising results . ”
Additional authors are Ryan Hamerly , Carsten Langrock , Robert L. Byer , M. M. Fejer , Hideo Mabuchi , and Yoshihisa Yamamoto of Stanford University . Researchers from the National Institute of Informatics ( Japan ) , University of Tokyo , NTT Basic Research Laboratories , and the ImPACT Program were also co-authors .
This research was funded by the Impulsing Paradigm Change through Disruptive Technologies ( ImPACT ) Program of the Council of Science , Technology and In-novation ( Cabinet Ofﬁce , Government of Japan ) . McMahon was partially supported by a Stanford Nano- and Quantum Science and Engineering Postdoctoral Fellowship .
The funding round also means Uber has now raised $ US6.5 billion ( $ 8.9 billion ) from investors , which include some of the most powerful technology companies in the world , including Google , China 's Baidu and now Microsoft .
It is not entirely clear why Uber needs so much money . Sure . it 's probably losing money at the moment , which is not unusual for a fast growing tech company in hyper-expansion mode - although its established markets are thought to be profitable . And it 's spending billions expanding into key regions such as India , and has other costs like commercial insurance and app development to fund . But it seems pretty clear it has more than enough financial resources to fight expensive legal battles around the world , including in Australia .
The ATO is standing firm , insisting that Uber 's ridesharing drivers must pay GST on a monthly or quarterly basis , which it has been warning them about for months . Uber disagrees , arguing that old laws do not cover ridesharing , and that drivers for that product should only be required to pay GST once their turnover exceeds $ 75,000 . ​ '' We believe all our driver-partners should pay their appropriate share of tax and meet their tax obligations , '' it said in an emailed statement . `` However , we feel they have been unjustly singled out by the ATO for different tax treatment than truck drivers , bike messengers , Airbnb hosts or any other participant of the sharing economy ''
The impasse is shaping up to be an important test case for how Australian authorities deal with companies in the so-called sharing economy . It is also another test for the ATO 's resolve against a high profile technology company based overseas . The likes of Apple and Microsoft have been heavily criticised for using profit shifting techniques to avoid paying local tax . So get your popcorn ready and enjoy the show .
Even though resale prices in Greater Vancouver are at record levels this spring , the price of a new home in the city continued to decline in February , according to Statistics Canada figures released April 9 .
Vancouver 's new home prices stayed flat compared with January 2015 but fell 0.6 per cent year over year , continuing the trend of recent months .
The New Housing Price Index also fell 0.6 per cent year over year and maintained levels month over month across the whole of BC .
Victoria saw Canada 's biggest new home price decrease in February , falling 1.5 per cent year over year , although staying flat compared with January .
Vancouver and Victoria were two of only eight metropolitan regions to report decreases in new home prices in January , out of a total of 21 areas surveyed .
The index combines both home and land values . As in previous months , the above decreases in value were entirely attributed to developers reporting a drop in negotiated home prices , with land values remaining unchanged for several months .
Across Canada , the index increased 1.4 per cent year over year but fell 0.2 per cent month over month .
To read the full report and view the interactive statistics chart , click here .
The Austin Film Festival has selected A24 's “ Lady Bird , ” starring Saoirse Ronan , as its opening night film on Oct. 26 .
“ Lady Bird , ” directed by Greta Gerwig in their feature debut , premiered on Sept. 3 at the Telluride Film Festival , then showed on opening night at the Toronto Film Festival . Gerwig has been confirmed to attend the Austin screening .
The film focuses on the edgy relationship between Ronan 's brash high schooler and their mother , played by Laurie Metcalf . The comedy-drama , set in 2002 in Sacramento , Calif. , also stars Tracy Letts in the father role and Lucas Hedges and Timothee Chalamet as the romantic interests . A24 opens “ Lady Bird ” on Nov. 10 .
Peter Debruge of Variety gave the film a strong review : “ The real surprise is just how honest and personal this film proves to be — again , par for the course with Gerwig , and yet , fairly rare among first-time directors , who have n't had nearly so much practice simply being real . ”
The festival also announced Wednesday that it has chosen the Weinstein Company 's “ The Current War ” as its centerpiece film . Director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon will present the film , which chronicles the race for marketable electricity in the United States between Thomas Edison ( played by Benedict Cumberbatch ) and George Westinghouse ( Michael Shannon ) .
The film , which premiered Sept. 9 in Toronto , also stars Tom Holland , Nicholas Hoult , and Katherine Waterston .
The Austin festival 's lineup also includes “ An Ordinary Man , ” starring Ben Kingsley ; “ 24 Hours to Live , ” starring Ethan Hawke ; “ Please Stand By , ” starring Dakota Fanning and Toni Collette ; and the premiere of the season finale of HBO 's new dramatic series “ The Deuce ” with creators David Simon and George Pelecanos in attendance .
Today during their Back to the Mac event today at their headquarters in Cupertino , Apple gave a first glimpse of the next version of OS X . As anticipated , OS X 10.7 is going to be called “ Lion ” . What perhaps was n't so anticipated ( though we guessed ) , was how inspired it would be by iOS .
Apple CEO Steve Jobs noted that iOS came from OS X . But they said that with iOS , they 've invented new things and perfected others . And now it 's time to bring those features “ back to the Mac , ” Jobs noted .
Jobs said that OS X Lion was essentially Mac OS X meets the iPad . It has multi-touch gestures , a Mac App Store , app home screens , full-screen apps , auto-save , and apps that resume when launched . Those are just a handful of features Apple is showing off today , Jobs said .
So how does it work ? No , it 's not going to be a touch-screen Mac . Touch-screen surfaces do n't want to be vertical , Jobs said . They said that Apple has looked into this a lot . “ It gives great demo , but after a short period of time you get fatigue , ” they said . “ It 's ergonomically terrible. ” So instead , they 're sticking with MacBook trackpads and their new Magic Trackpad device for the desktop .
OS X Lion will also bring a new feature called Mission Control . This is a way to view everything running on your Mac and navigate anywhere , Jobs said .
Some of these features were then demoed on stage . Multi-touch gestures are key to a lot of what 's new . And , of course , the Mac App Store . It will have the same mixture of free and paid apps as the App Store we all know , the same one-click downloads , the same automatic updates , and the same 70/30 split on revenue for developers .
OS X Lion will launch in the Summer of 2011 . But the Mac App Store will open within 90 days , Jobs said .
For more , see CrunchGear 's overview .
SCP-1603
Item # : SCP-1603
Object Class : Safe
Special Containment Procedures : Any evidence of the murder of █████ ███████ is to be removed from public and police records . A cover story in which Mr. ███████ was in fact killed in a car accident is to be maintained . Personnel tasked with removing evidence or maintaining the cover story are to be dosed with a Class-C amnestic each week in order to prevent memories of murdering Mr. ███████ from causing mental damage .
Any civilians who become affected by SCP-1603 are to be taken into custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic .
Description : SCP-1603 is a phenomenon relating to the 1983 murder of New York business person █████ ███████ by an unknown party . When an individual becomes aware through any means that this murder has taken place they will immediately believe that they are the killer and usually confess to an authority figure within a short period of time .
As well as simply believing that they are the murderer after becoming affected by SCP-1603 , victims will also possess vivid memories of committing the act and , in some cases , personally knowing Mr. ███████ before the murder took place . The reason given from the murder varies from case to case , and previous motives given by subjects have included :
The murder being a crime of passion .
The murder being revenge for a blackmail attempt by Mr. ███████
The murder being an attempted robbery that went wrong .
The murder being committed so that the subject could elope with Mr. ███████ 's wife .
The murder being the result of a drug deal gone wrong .
The murder being committed after the subject grew obsessed and began stalking Mr. ███████
The murder being an assassination contract that the subject was paid to carry out .
In all cases of memories created by SCP-1603 , the subjects will often cite locations and people that do not exist as part of their background of the murder . If the subject is given inaccurate or false information relating to the murder , which is later corrected , their memories will quickly adapt to accommodate this new information .
In cases where the subject would have been actually incapable of murdering Mr. ███████ ( such as not having been born at the time of the murder , living in a completely different part of the world , or having a medical condition which would have prevented the act ) , the subject will not gain the vivid and specific memories that other subjects possess , but will still strongly feel that they are the guilty party .
SCP-1603 was first discovered by the Foundation after the initial police investigation into the murder , which resulted in all officers assigned to the case and all witnesses to the crime confessing to killing Mr. ███████ . After a large-scale Foundation operation , the situation was successfully contained , memories of the murder and subsequent incident were removed and a cover story was successfully established .
Animation : The Collapse of the Middle Class in 20 Major U.S. Cities
Share Share Reddit Email Shares 2.9K
When future historians look back at the beginning of the 21st century , they 'll note that we grappled with many big issues .
They 'll write about the battle between nationalism and globalism , soaring global debt , a dysfunctional healthcare system , societal concerns around automation and AI , and pushback on immigration . They will also note the growing number of populist leaders in Western democracies , ranging from Marine Le Pen to Donald Trump .
However , these historians will not view these ideas and events in isolation . Instead , they will link them all , at least partially , to an overarching trend that is intimately connected to today 's biggest problems : the “ hollowing out ” of the middle class .
Visualizing the Collapse of the Middle Class
The fact is many people have less money in their pockets – and understandably , this has motivated people to take action against the status quo .
And while the collapse of the middle class and income inequality are issues that receive a fair share of discussion , we thought that this particular animation from Metrocosm helped to put things in perspective .
The following animation shows the change in income distribution in 20 major U.S. cities between 1970 and 2015 :
The differences between 1970 and 2015 are intense . At first , each distribution is more bell-shaped , with the majority of people in a middle income bracket – and by 2015 , those people are “ pushed ” out towards the extremes as they either get richer or poorer .
A Broader Look at Income Inequality
This phenomenon is not limited to major cities , either .
Here 's another look at the change in income distribution using smaller brackets and the whole U.S. adult population :
Courtesy of : FT ( h/t Metrocosm )
It 's a multi-faceted challenge , because while a significant portion of middle class households are being shifted into lower income territory , there are also many households that are doing the opposite . According to Pew Research , the percentage of households in the upper income bracket has grown from 14 % to 21 % between 1971 and 2015 .
The end result ? With people being pushed to both ends of the spectrum , the middle class has decreased considerably in size . In 1971 , the middle class made up 61 % of the adult population , and by 2014 it accounted for less than 50 % .
As this “ core ” of society shrinks , it aggravates the asupervisorstioned problems . People and governments borrow more money to make up for a lack of middle class wealth , while backlashes against globalism , free trade , and open borders are fueled . The populists who can “ fix ” the broken system are elected , and so on .
Related
Image copyright Reuters Image caption US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said Venezuela was `` disregarding the will of its people ''
The US has imposed sanctions on 10 Venezuelan officials it accuses of undermining democracy , corruption and censoring the press .
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the US `` would not stand by while the administration of President Nicolas Maduro destroyed democratic order '' .
Mr Maduro 's chief of staff and two ministers are on the list .
It brings to 40 the total number of Venezuelans sanctioned by the US , including Mr Maduro .
The ten have had their US assets frozen and are also banned from travelling to the country , while American businesses are forbidden to work with them .
The treasury department also issued bans against several members of Venezuela 's all-powerful Constituent Assembly , including a vice-president .
The department said the assembly had sworn in the winners of the October regional election but that the vote had been `` marked by numerous irregularities that strongly suggest fraud '' and that had helped Mr Maduro 's ruling party win a majority of governorships .
The latest sanctions come two days after the Constituent Assembly took away the immunity of a member of congress , Freddy Guevara , and barred them from leaving the country .
The pro-government Supreme Court said it believed Mr Guevara had instigated unrest during months of anti-government protests earlier this year .
In August the US imposed economic sanctions on Venezuela , banning debt trading of bonds issued by the government and its state-owned oil company .
Pressure is growing for the US to impose an oil ban , the strongest penalty against oil-rich Venezuela , but analysts say the US administration is concerned it could hurt American refineries and worsen conditions for Venezuelan citizens .
Canada has also slapped sanctions on Venezuelan individuals and the EU announced an arms embargo and an embargo on selling surveillance equipment that could be used against opposition members .
But the BBC 's South America correspondent , Katy Watson , says the sanctions are unlikely to deter President Maduro , who mocked earlier sanctions imposed on their government and administration .
Each year , a precocious bunch of teenagers from around the globe submits projects to the Google Science Fair , an online science competition judged by teachers , professors and , in the final round , bigwigs in the science and tech scenes .
“ We believe that universal access to technology and information can truly make the world a better place , ” Google says on the contest 's website . For this reason , the search engine giant started the fair four years ago “ to champion young scientific talent and give students across the world an opportunity to showcase ambitious ideas . ”
This year thousands of students , ages 13 to 18 , from more than 90 countries entered their very own research in biology , physics and chemistry and computer , environmental and social sciences , among other topic areas . The judges considered the inspiration and impact of the projects , as well as the research methods , communication skills and passion of the young scientists to select 90 regional finalists in June . This week , the panel announced the top 18 finalists .
These students—9 females and 9 males from 9 nations—will head to Google headquarters in Mountain View , California , next month to compete for age category awards and the grand prize . The overall winner will receive $ 50,000 in scholarship funding , a 10-day trip to the Galapagos with National Geographic Expeditions and a behind-the-scenes look at the Virgin Galactic Spaceport in New Mexico .
The 27th marked a year since Nora came into this world , the 30th marked a year since we lost them It 's absolutely bizarre to me that it 's been a year . It feels like this just happened , yet did n't really happen at all . There 's no way we had a baby and do n't anymore .
To think that we are now the people that have the baggage that others fear is just mind-boggling . Sometimes I sit in my car and I ca n't wrap my head around the fact that this is our life . And this will always be our life . No matter how adjusted we get , or how many children we have , we have a piece of our hearts missing . We know that everything does n't always work out . And have to live with that forever .
I eventually want to write out our three days with Nora . The memories pop up all the time , and it might help to get them out on paper , but I 'm not ready for that yet .
Honoring and remembering Nora was obviously something on our minds for a while . I wanted to include people but at the same time , did n't want to face or deal with anyone else . It 's selfish of me . I hold on to Matt and our pets and keep them close and by doing so , keep others out and them from others . I think next year we 're moving the blood drive to the weekend before or after Nora 's birthday . I hope to be in a better place to be around people .
On their birthday , I did n't want to think about how she 's gone but how much we love them I wanted to make sure we did something outside ( to force me out of bed ) and something that made us smile . We ended up taking the dogs to the state park beach and let them run around like lunatics . I traced Nora 's “ E ” in the sand and thought about how much they were missed .
We tried to light a biodegradable lantern to release but it was a bust . I do n't know if it was the wind or just what happens when you buy things online from shady websites . I had some anxiety the lantern would float into trees instead of over the ocean ( I brought a fire extinguisher ) so maybe it was best it did n't light .
Matt and I ordered little cardboard boxes , pink mercury votive holders and candles . We tried to give them to all our family and friends that we would see prior to their birthday . My friend designed a card for us with a poem we found online . We tied the boxes with coral ribbons and I tried not to think about how I would have been planning a first birthday party if our lives went a different path .
Throughout the day , we received texts from our loved ones telling us that they were thinking of us and showing us their candles lit . We also received some beautiful flowers and thoughtful calls . I 'm touched by how many people reached out to us . It was n't an easy day , and every time I checked my phone I felt a mixture of sadness and love . I wish I was able to get the candles to more of our friends , but I did n't have the energy to mail them all out or meet up with everyone .
The 28th and 29th were low days but uneventful . We did some work in the backyard to prepare for the warmer weather and I was just happy to see the sun . Some friends came over on the 29th and we played card games outside .
Last year , it rained for weeks . Gray cloudy days like today remind me of being in the hospital and looking out the window during the times we had to move to the hallway for Nora to have their tests done .
The 30th was the worst . M and I were short with each other , neither of us were slept well and the sadness was just encompassing every breathe I took . I was/am just so sad and angry . Later in the morning we shifted focus a little and apologized for the shortness , and spent the rest of the day together on the sofa , surrounded by the pets , watching tv I do n't remember .
I did n't expect to be able to survive this . I still do n't know how we have . I miss them everyday .
487 SHARES Share Tweet
Japanese porn company , Trottla , is producing lifelike female child sex dolls , claiming that they will “ save children from sexual abuse. ” The argument behind these dolls is that men will use them instead of raping an actual little girl — that using these pornified dolls * will “ satiate ” their desires .
If we assume that porn and sex toys prevent men from committing sex crimes , the problem of rape should have been solved ages ago . But that is not the case : today , there is more porn than ever before and it 's far more easily accessible than ever before — yet men continue to sexually abuse women and girls daily , across the globe .
That 's because porn-use does n't actually work that way . It has n't and wo n't succeed in “ satiating ” men 's desires , effectively preventing them from unleashing these “ desires ” in ( other ) violent ways . Medical experts have confirmed this , pointing out that the child sex dolls will have the exact opposite of a satiating effect on pedophiles , and instead will create a “ reinforcing effect , ” causing men to “ act upon [ their pedophilic desires ] with greater urgency . ”
Despite this , recent media coverage of the child sex dolls has fallen in line with a liberal media trend of portraying pedophiles with sympathy and understanding . A recent feature in The Atlantic depicted the pedophile owner of the child sex doll company , Shin Takagi , as a Zen-like philosopher : “ Being a pedophile is like living with a mask on , ” they opine . ( Those poor pedos… ) The article seems intent on downplaying child sexual abuse and on promoting pedophilia apologism . The author , Roc Morin , writes : “ People like Takagi who struggle with pedophilic impulses but have never acted on them have been the subject of much media attention . ”
Are we to believe that the desire to commit a heinous crime against the most vulnerable human population is akin to “ struggling ” with a condition ? Are we to view these men as brave and celebrate their ability not to rape children ?
Morin goes on : “ With a paucity of reliable scientific data about their circumstances… ”
“ Their circumstances ? ? ” Getting a sexual thrill from violating children is now simply a “ circumstance ” that arises out of the blue ? Right . These men are clearly just victims of happenstance…
“ And [ with ] no known medical or psychiatric cure , many of these individuals rely strictly on self-control to avoid acting on their urges , ” Morin writes .
How difficult for them ! They want to get off through child abuse and they have to exercise self-control not to do it . Surely society must rush to the aid of these men and offer them some respite from the burden they so nobly bear .
Pedophilia apologism such as this has plugged into the zeitgeist of “ born this way ” ideology to claim that pedophiles have no control over their “ sexual orientation , ” because they were simply born wanting to rape children . ( It 's convenient how “ born this way ” is now used in order to prevent people from identifying any harmful mechanisms of social construction and to maintain the status quo… )
Mr. Takagi defends their creation by arguing that they are doing a great service to society by offering men an outlet for their violent sexual desires . They say they often receive letters from buyers , who are respectable men — doctors , celebrities , teachers * shudder * — claiming their product prevented them from committing a crime .
But again , porn does n't work that way . When a man degrades and objectifies a woman by using porn , it does n't magically lead them to respect or to stop objectifying the “ real ” women in their life . The idea that the child sex dolls will work to absorb some of society 's pedophilic urges is reminiscent of the flawed argument made in favor of prostitution : that a class of women must exist to absorb the brunt of men 's “ sexual needs , ” lest men lash out and start uncontrollably raping women everywhere . In reality , the more society validates male sexual entitlement by offering them “ outlets ” for their so-called “ needs , ” the stronger their “ needs ” grow and are normalized . Certainly the existence of prostitution has n't made the world a less violent place – the idea that child sex dolls will somehow keep children safe from pedophiles is no less delusional .
The societal problem of pedophilia wo n't be alleviated by allowing men to simulate the crimes they wish to commit . We would n't give a would-be murderer a “ murder doll ” they can practice on , under the guise that this would function as a kind of therapy that will make them less violent . Why are magazines like The Atlantic taking Takagi 's excuses for their sick business seriously instead of expressing concern for the girls who are endangered by it ?
It seems to be yet another instance of men 's boners being prioritized over the safety of women and girls , as the media continues to portray porn-use ( even child porn-use ) as an innocuous — and even beneficial — activity .
* We are not linking to the website that sells these dolls . Google at your own risk — the images of the dolls are quite unsettling , to say the least .
487 SHARES Share Tweet
Susan Cox is a feminist writer and academic living in the United States . They teach in Philosophy .
Needly is one of 70 companies chosen by VentureBeat to launch at the DEMO Fall 2010 event taking place this week in Silicon Valley . After our selection , the companies pay a fee to present . Our coverage of them remains objective .
E-commerce startup Needly is unveiling a website and mobile apps today at the DEMO conference to streamline the process of connecting buyers and sellers — and add some surprise and delight in the process .
Needly provides an instant listing platform for iPhone and Android users to announce what they are looking to purchase and what they are willing to sell , and connects users based on that information , said Needly CEO Fred Krueger ( pictured left ) . The apps make it easy to upload photos and videos onto lists as well .
Unlike other online retailers , a large portion of Needly 's anticipated sales will be for services — like a guitar lesson or a dog-walking service , which allows Needly to charge 10 percent of the transaction . That 's costly for low-margin physical goods , but reasonable for services where the cost of sales are relatively low and attracting new customers is more the issue .
Users purchase Needly credits with a credit card or PayPal , and then use them to buy and sell on the service , adding an additional layer of security to the transaction process .
Needly , founded just this year , is manned by a four-person team led by Krueger , a serial entrepreneur who 's currently the vice chairperson of Adconion , an online-advertising network , and has funded the company to date with less than $ 200,000 , they said . Needly 's largest competitors are basically any site that connects buyers and sellers at an individual level — eBay , Craigslist and the like .
Throughout our history , Saskatchewan men and women have served in wars , dangerous peacekeeping missions , and vital domestic operations . They have made enormous sacrifices to represent our nation and to defend the principles of peace , freedom , and justice .
The Lieutenant Governor 's Military Service Pin symbolizes the gratitude of the Crown and the people of Saskatchewan for those who have served with honour and valour . The pin is intended to be worn on civilian clothing , so that we might recognize those who serve when they are not in uniform .
The Lieutenant Governor 's Military Service Pin is intended for individuals who have lived in Saskatchewan at one time . The following are eligible to receive the pin :
Current and retired members of the Canadian Armed Forces ( Regular , Primary and Secondary Reserves , including Canadian Rangers ) ;
Current and retired members of police forces who have served in military operations ( including municipal forces and the RCMP who have served in military operations ) .
The pin is not presented posthumously .
Online Application Form
Printable Application Form ( pdf )
Fact Sheet ( pdf )
A New York City juvenile justice counselor raped at least three teenagers in their custody . Their sentence ? Probation . Meanwhile , one of their victims was sentenced to 12 months on a minor charge . How could something like this happen ?
Tony Simmons is also known to have raped at 13-year-old in a holding area , as well as a 15-year-old who was sodomized behind a locker , which The New York Daily News says was `` stocked with condoms and cookies . ''
Their third victim was Ashley , who posed for the picture above ( she said `` I 'm only scared of one man , and they already know what I look like , '' and declined to give their last name , which they changed with marriage . ) They were fifteen , on their way into court and being escorted by Simmons , when they took them to the basement and raped them They placed finger over their lips to demand them silence .
They said , `` I knew I was just raped . I knew it was n't supposed to happen . I did n't think anybody would believe me . ''
Them 12-month sentence , they told The Daily News , was for filing a false report by telling the police they did not know the person who had attacked them on the way to school .
Advertisement
Ashley had hope that their attacker would be apprehended , and even named their child after the prosecutor , but they only managed to get probation for Simmons — from a female judge , no less — despite the fact that the original charges carried a maximum sentence of eight years . Why ?
Partly , it 's a systemic problem . As Lindsay Beyerstein points out ,
[ Prosecutor Amir ] Vonsover faced a strategic dilemma . If they offered a plea deal that carried serious jail time , Simmons and their lawyer might have preferred to take their chances in court . Vonsover probably agreed to a watered-down punishment because they are n't sure they could get a conviction of the case went to trial . That might have been a good call on Vonsover 's part . Realistically , a jury might not have believed a black teen prisoner accusing a white court officer of rape with no witnesses and ( as far as I can tell from media reports ) no physical evidence . Simmons could easily have walked . They might even have gotten their job back . If Vonsover had n't struck some kind of plea deal , Simmons could still be out there raping girls .
Advertisement
There is strangely little reporting on this topic besides The Daily News , though the district attorney has lambasted the verdict , calling it `` an egregious breach of the public 's trust . While a judge has the responsibility to decide what they or they think is a fair sentence , in our view today 's sentence of probation is outrageously lenient given the admitted conduct . ''
Also of that opinion is New York City 's branch of NOW , which has started a petition on the victims ' behalf , asking , `` If we can not deliver justice for these three teen victims who were assaulted on the premises of the Manhattan Family Court building by an employee assigned to protect them , how can we expect justice for any women victims of violence ? ''
Teen Gets 12-Month Sentence For Minor Offense - And Thug Gets Probation For Raping Them [ NYDN ]
Demand Justice for 3 Teen Girls Sexually Assaulted in NYC Courthouse [ IPetitions ]
Former Court Official Confesses to Rape of Teen Prisoner , Gets Probation [ Big Think ]
Advertisement
Image via The Daily News
Canadian Luxury Home Listed for Sale on Beijing Craigslist for 1,075 Bitcoins
An eight-bedroom luxury home in Canada has been listed for sale on the Beijing Craigslist website with an asking price of 1,075 bitcoins .
Also Read : State-Funded Bitcoin Data Center Infuriates Montana Locals
With an Asking Price of Nearly $ 3 Million USD and Such a Narrow Marketing Strategy , the Listing Immediately Aroused Curiosity
Approximately one month ago an ad for a luxury Canadian home was listed on the Beijing Craigslist website . The up-market home features eight bedrooms , six bathrooms , and is located right by the Westwood Plateau Golf and Country Club in Coquitlam . The listing features an asking price of 1,075 bitcoins – approximately $ 2.9 million USD .
With an asking price of nearly $ 3 million USD and such a narrow marketing strategy , the listing immediately aroused curiosity following its discovery by local British Columbia-based news outlet , The Tri-City News . Although no information is listed pertaining to the property 's owner , the home is listed through Vallee Real State Agent Group , with Eric Vallee listed as the real estate agent to contact for inquiries .
The Tri-City News attempted to make contact with Eric Vallee , only to be told that Vallee was out of the office for the week , however another employee called Val Petrov was to handle all inquiries in the meantime . Val Petrov refused to discuss the property with The Tri-City News – who reported that Petrov abruptly stated : “ I have no comment ” when asked about the property , before immediately terminating the phone call .
The Emergence of Two Extremely Similar , Unusual Listings Seems an Unlikely Coincidence
The property is not the first luxury residence situated in Coquitlam that has been advertised via an overseas Craigslist listing with an asking price quantified in cryptocurrency . Just last month , a five-bedroom , five-bathroom ‘ executive-style ' 5,000 square foot property was discovered listed on the Hong Kong Craigslist website , with an asking price of 2,099 bitcoins – approximately $ 4 million USD at the time . The realtor handling the listing , Mario Figliola of Sutton Centre Realy , told The Tri-City News that the listing was a joke . A few days later The Tri-City News reports being contacted by the manager of Sutton Centre Realty , Derek Drew , who described the advert as an “ honest mistake that never should have been made . ”
The emergence of two extremely similar , unusual listings advertising luxury Coquitlam homes on East Asian Craiglist websites seems an unlikely coincidence . The Real Estate Council of British Columbia told The Tri-City News that bitcoin can not be held in trust during a real estate transaction , as virtual currency presently sits outside of the regulatory guidelines applied to banks and government institutions . As such , Canadian real estate sales in bitcoin could risk running afoul of the Financial Transaction and Reports Analysis Centre ( FINTRAC ) reporting requirements , bringing the legality of said property listings into contention .
Would you buy or sell a house using bitcoin ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below !
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and The Tri-City News
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings ? Check our tools section .
Donald Trump 's association with the TIME magazine goes way back . No , really , even before the magazine declared the POTUS their ‘ Person Of The Year ' — an honour earlier given to the likes of Adolf Hitler ( he was TIME Man of the year in 1938 ) . According to Washington Post , a framed copy of an edition showing Trump on the cover was hung up in at least five of their clubs . But it turned out to be fake . And now , it is The New Yorker 's hilarious dig on the President 's careless narcissism that has got people talking .
Advertising
“ Donald Trump : The ‘ Apprentice ' is a television smash ! ” reads the headline on the fake magazine cover . If that 's not all , then right above the red TIME font , a headline — in capitals — reads “ TRUMP IS HITTING ON ALL FRONTS . ? . ? . EVEN TV ! ”
This is the New Yorker 's tweet .
Today 's daily cartoon by John Mavroudis . See more cartoons here : https : //t.co/qdzdh2VHyy pic.twitter.com/PTIwDOPlu2 — The New Yorker ( @ NewYorker ) June 30 , 2017
Here are some of the reactions the cartoon generated on the micro-blogging site thereafter .
This is the best magazine cover . — Chris ( @ fivezero_ca ) June 30 , 2017
This brings me great joy . And laughter . Thank you . — Liz M ( @ massiliz ) June 30 , 2017
Look out , they will frame it and hang it high . — Allen Sims ( @ 1lngargsims ) June 30 , 2017
@ realDonaldTrump hey Liar-in-Chief can you use your tiny hands and color this cartoon ? Stay in the lines and use an Orange 🍊 crayon ! — GREGORY FORNEY ( @ forneyg ) June 30 , 2017
Reportedly , a spokesperson from the magazine said that TIME had asked the Trump Organisation to remove the frame dated March 1 , 2009 from the walls of the clubs . White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders refused to answer whether POTUS knew if the cover was real or not . The real March 2009 edition in fact , was released on March 2 and featured actor Kate Winslet on the cover . Quick fact : The issue apparently makes no mention of Trump . According to Washington Post , the date on the fake cover March 1 , 2009 indicates the date when Trump 's show ‘ The Celebrity Apprentice ' made its season debut . But it had no mention about TIME magazine at all , according to the report .
Meanwhile , TV hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough discussed about and laughed over the fake Trump covers on their show Morning Joe . Watch the video here .
Advertising
Trump evidently did not seem to have taken kindly to their jibes and tweeted this .
I heard poorly rated @ Morning_Joe speaks badly of me ( do n't watch anymore ) . Then how come low I.Q . Crazy Mika , along with Psycho Joe , came .. — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 29 , 2017
Bridj , the Boston transit startup , has promised a different take on commuting since the company came out of the shadows last year . The idea : a system that allows customers to say where they are and where they need to go , and bus routes that are flexible enough to cater to those needs based on demand . For commuters , that would mean a sort of bus service that would adjust its routes and stops based on the locations of people rather than stations , and provide a direct line from one neighborhood to another ( meaning no switching from bus to bus , or from bus to train ) .
Advertisement
Nobody 's sure quite yet what that will look like , or when it will happen , or whether it will work . In a press release issued Monday , Bridj said it has taken its “ first step '' —a limited step—toward that ambition .
Bridj has offered a commuter bus service in Boston since June , but it has n't been all that different from traditional bus services . Users could go to the company 's website , choose a time to commute , choose a route from one Bridj stop to another , and then head to the stop and step aboard . As for a flexible service ? That has n't really been seen yet—though spokesperson Ryan Kelly and CEO Matt George have both said that 's by design . “ We wanted to put rubber on the road , '' Kelly told Boston.com Monday . “ This has been about working out the logistics of showing we can put buses on the road every morning and follow regulations , '' George previously said .
On Monday , Bridj unveiled a few new features . For starters , it 's now offering an evening commute between 4 p.m. and 7 p.m. Bridj had until this point been offering only morning transportation .
The service also released its mobile app on Monday . Starting with Tuesday 's trips , users will be able to input their location and destination on the app , and Bridj will provide a list of times the customer can be picked up at a nearby spot . The app will provide an estimate of how long it will take users to walk to the bus from their pickup locations—it promises a maximum of 12 minutes—and from the drop-off spots to their final destinations . And it will give real-time updates on the arrival of users ' bus , as well as walking directions to their pickup locations .
Advertisement
For now , the service is only active in a few neighborhoods in Boston , Cambridge , and Brookline . You can see them here , but they are the same neighborhoods that users could commute between using the previous system of booking rides through the company 's website . Commutes between some neighborhoods and others are n't yet available , and some are only operational for the evening commute . And the flexibility factor is still just about absent : the buses will still be running on set routes , those routes will just be presented differently to users through the app .
So the biggest change for users—aside from the ability to get a ride home in the afternoon—is the switch from booking rides on the web to booking them on the app , allowing them to choose a destination rather than a route . That 's a little bit more on-demand than Bridj had been , but is still a bit off from the commuting dynamism the startup aims to provide .
Kelly , the Bridj spokesperson , says that from the company 's perspective , the app release is a big deal . “ Now we have something to iterate on , '' they told Boston.com . Bridj scientist David Block-Schachter added that dynamic routing will require more users and further number crunching , which they say the app will allow for . “ With ridership growth and the technology improvements we are rolling out today we will be able to increase the responsiveness of our service to riders ' locations over the coming months , '' they said .
Bridj will also be unveiling branded buses Tuesday , which will wear the service 's name . Thus far , it has used third-party buses hired through existing livery companies for its morning trips . Kelly declined to say whether Bridj owns the new buses that will bear Bridj 's name and slogan , but said they will be “ operated through Bridj '' and that the commuting service will be the buses ' “ sole purpose . ''
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports ' Lindsay Jones reports on punishments given to Cleveland and Atlanta on Monday .
Atlanta Falcons president Rich McKay and the team received discipline for piping in crowd noise during home games . ( Photo11 : Kirby Lee , USA TODAY Sports )
The Atlanta Falcons will forfeit a fifth-round draft pick in the 2016 draft and the team has been fined $ 350,000 as punishment for artificially pumping in crowd noise during home games in 2013 and 2014 , the NFL announced .
The NFL also has suspended Falcons president Rich McKay from their role as chairperson of the league 's competition committee effective April 1 . McKay , who has served on the competition committee for 22 years , can not apply for reinstatement until June 30 .
The league 's investigation into the crowd noise issue began last November , and revealed that team 's former event marketing director , Roddy White , used an audio file with fake crowd noise to make it louder inside the Georgia Dome , which is a direct violation of a rule that prohibits artificial crowd noise . White is no longer with the Falcons .
`` Our review also determined that Falcons ownership and senior executives , including team President Rich McKay , were unaware of Mr. White 's use of an audio file with artificial crowd noise . However , Mr. McKay , as the senior club executive overseeing game operations , bears some responsibility for ensuring that team employees comply with league rules , '' NFL executive vice president Troy Vincent said in a statement Monday .
The Falcons went 3-5 in home games in both 2013 and 2014 .
Falcons owner Arthur Blank said in a statement on Monday that the team will not appeal the punishment .
`` What took place was wrong and nowhere near the standards by which we run our business . Anytime there are actions that compromise the integrity of the NFL or threaten the culture of our franchise , as this issue did , they will be dealt with swiftly and strongly , '' Blank said . `` Further , we have addressed the matter internally and taken actions to ensure that something like this does not happen again . The Falcons and all of our other businesses are built upon a foundation of values that drive our decision making . This issue was a clear failure in that regard . I apologize for any embarrassment this situation has caused the NFL , our fans , and our Falcons players and associates . ''
* * *
Follow Lindsay H. Jones on Twitter @ ByLindsayHJones
The dramatic change in estimated funding has largely been driven by these schools reporting `` significantly higher '' numbers of students with a disability , according to the federal Education Department . The dramatic change in estimated funding has largely been driven by schools reporting `` significantly higher '' numbers of students with a disability . A confidential report obtained by Fairfax Media shows Victorian independent schools reported that 26 per cent of their students had a disability in 2016 . This compares with 17 per cent of Victorian state school students and 13 per cent of Catholic school students and is the highest figure in any school sector in the country . But not every student qualified for the funding . The report revealed that 12.7 per cent of Victorian independent school students were eligible for disability funding . This compared with 10.6 per cent of Victorian state school students and 8.9 per cent of Catholic school students .
The report prepared for the Education Council details the 2016 results of Nationally Consistent Collection of Data on School Students with Disability – information collected by schools which will help determine school funding from next year . These figures feed into the schooling resource standard , which measures how much government funding schools are entitled to . Australian Education Union federal president Correna Haythorpe said the data – which the union obtained via freedom of information – revealed `` alarming discrepancies '' . `` In 2017 , schools considered to be funded above the schooling resource standard are suddenly projected to sit significantly below it in 2018 , when the need of their students can not possibly have changed to such a drastic degree , '' they said . Lauriston principal Susan Just said the data the school had collected on students with a disability was confidential . `` We hope that all students with individual needs will be recognised in the school 's funding allocation , '' they said .
`` It is oversimplifying the process to say Lauriston has gone from overfunded to underfunded . The new needs-based funding model is different to the old system , and the criteria have changed . '' They said enrolments fluctuated and the needs of students changed , so it was misleading to predict how much funding the school would receive in the future . In 2017 , Lauriston was considered overfunded because it received 130 per cent of its funding entitlement from the Commonwealth and state government . More than 102 per cent of this came from the Commonwealth , but this has been revised down to 49.6 per cent for next year . Under the new Gonski school funding model , the federal government must provide 80 per cent of needs-based funding to private schools , which will lead to significant funding increases for these schools . State governments are expected to make up the remaining 20 per cent .
The opposite has occurred at non-government schools considered less needy . They will therefore receive less generous funding increases under Gonski 2.0 – Haileybury moved from 78.7 to 85.8 per cent of its funding entitlement , Penleigh and Essendon Grammar increased from 80.06 to 82.9 per cent and the Catholic education commission of Victoria increased from 75.02 to 79.8 per cent . An Education Department spokesperson said the figures were not comparable and had changed to reflect current financial settings and student data . `` The main driver of the differences in estimated funding for these schools is that they reported significantly higher counts of students with disability in the 2016 NCCD [ disability data ] compared to the less detailed census data , '' they said . They said payments for 2018 would be based on more recent disability data , which is being finalised . The new model includes four categories of disability ( physical , cognitive , sensory and social/emotional ) and students are funded accorded to the level of support that they receive . Public education lobby group Save Our Schools , which is run by former Productivity Commission economist Trevor Cobbold , analysed the data and said it showed `` unjustifiable increases '' in Commonwealth funding for several of Melbourne 's `` most elite schools '' .
`` Some schools with more than 75 per cent or more of their students from the top socio-educational advantage quarter will get increases of between $ 2.6 million and $ 3.2 million , '' Mr Cobbold said . Independent Schools Victoria chief executive Michelle Green said previous methods for assessing the eligibility of funding for students with a disability were narrow . `` It is misleading to compare figures on students with disability and any related allocation of government funding , when methods of assessing them have changed from one system to another , '' they said . `` In many cases , assessing a student as having a disability – asthma , for example – does not entail additional government funding . '' They said the organisation was committed to ensuring that the data was collected consistently across sectors .
Maldives
There is no country quite like the Maldives . It is made wholly of atolls , all of them boasting its own gorgeous coral reef and sparkling blue water . From the sky , its white-sand islands look like pearls in the ocean , and those who live here have a relationship with the water so old that they may as well be mer-people . Culturally immersive , with a unique local cuisine , world-class water activities , uninhabited islands , the apex of luxury , and now backpacker-friendly — this is truly a place of wonders . Do n't you give it a miss .
Top Things to Do
Spend time in the capital : Before going off on your water excursions , get to know the country a little . Stay in Malé for a few nights , visit the mosques and the local coffee shops , the produce market and the main harbour .
Visit a picnic island : Spend a day on a picnic island , where there are no places to stay , but barbecue pits line the beaches , small catering companies arrange lunch , and snorkelling is possible less than ten feet from the shore .
Stay a night on an uninhabited island : A few of the Maldives ' 1,190 islands are still unpeopled . You can charter a dhoni ( local Maldivian boat ) and visit one , catch fish from the boat at night , cook it on a wood fire , and eat and sleep under the stars , Robinson Crusoe style .
Go on a snorkelling tour : Snorkelling is one of the most popular activities in the Maldives . Every guest house and resort offers snorkelling trips— some off the beach , while others take you mid-ocean , right above gorgeous barrier reefs .
Dive into the Indian Ocean : Maldives boasts some of the best dive sites in the world . Take your pick from easy to advanced dives that can be done from a large number of islands or safari ships and liveaboards .
Try the local food : Maldivian food is becoming increasingly hard to find in the country , with restaurants serving mostly international cuisines . So go to the local eateries and coffee houses instead and sample some mashuni , kulhi mas , curries and the various local snacks .
Stay on a local island : Since 2008 , Maldives has made it possible for foreigners to visit the country 's local islands as well . Several guest houses have opened in these places , and other than giving you a chance to experience the Maldivian way of life , they have also made various tourist activities available .
Check out a resort island : Staying at a resort island is never recommended for the budget traveller , but if you want to see what the water bungalow hype is all about , you can still make an all-inclusive ( ferry transfer , lunch , snorkelling , use of showers and restrooms ) day trip to a resort from Male .
Ship off to Addu atoll : Addu is the southernmost atoll of the Maldives , the only one below the equator , its waters rife with some of the best corals of the Indian Ocean . Ships going to Addu leave from the main harbour at Male , and take three nights to reach the atoll . Tickets are available at the city 's vegetable market .
Go on a fishing trip : You can enjoy the Maldives even if you do n't fancy being in the water . Go on a fishing trip with one of many trip organizers and experience the waters while remaining high and dry .
Typical Costs
Sleeping : While resort islands offer rooms and water bungalows at exorbitant prices anywhere between $ 300 ( INR18,400 ) to $ 2000 ( INR122,800 ) , guest houses are now in business on many local islands . They usually match international standards and twin/double-bed rooms are priced at $ 30 ( INR1,800 ) and above . The cheapest guest houses are on Maafushi , but good deals are available on Shaviyani and Addu atolls as well .
Food : Most of the food tourists typically eat is at international diners and fine dining restaurants . While a meal for one here can cost $ 10 ( INR614 ) and upwards , the local food can be enjoyed at less than one-third the cost . Ask a friendly Maldivian to show you to a local restaurant or go to one of the many coffee houses in Malé and buy yourself wholesome tasty meals for less than $ 4 ( INR245 ) . Maldives is a Muslim country and alcohol is not available anywhere other than at five-star resorts and the airport bar . A drink at these places is usually between $ 7 ( INR430 ) and $ 14 ( INR860 ) .
Transportation : Many islands on the Maldives are so small they can be covered on foot . Five islands are connected by a causeway in Addu atoll , and you can traverse these on bicycles that are available for rent at guest houses for about $ 5 ( INR300 ) or less a day . In Malé , taxis charge a flat rate of 20 Rufiyaas ( less than $ 1.5/INR90 ) for a single trip . Local ferries cost between 20 ( INR80 ) and 50 Rufiyaa ( INR200 ) , while speedboats , dhoni charters and seaplanes can burn a gaping hole in your pocket .
Activities : Snorkelling trips can be bought for $ 20 ( INR1,230 ) a person , and dives are priced at standard PADI rates . Picnic island excursions may go up to $ 40 ( INR2,460 ) a day if lunch is included . A one-day dhoni charter can be bagged at $ 100 ( INR6,140 ) if you bargain well . Day trips to resort islands cost between $ 60 ( INR3,685 ) and $ 100 ( INR6,140 ) and the price includes ferry transfers , lunch , use of restrooms , and sometimes snorkelling as well . Other than these Maldives must-dos , most island activities such as exploring and immersing yourself in the local way of life , are free , as always .
How to Save Money
Stay on local islands : Avoid staying in the exorbitantly priced island resorts , and go for a local guest house instead . There are rooms for $ 30 ( INR1,800 ) even and the locations allow you a glimpse into Maldivian culture .
Use ferries and take ships : Seaplanes and speedboats may be all the rage , but if money is tight , practicality is the need of the hour . Ferries from Malé take you to several nearby islands for a steal , and if you 're looking to go farther , book a cabin on a cargo ship for 300 to 500 Rufiyaa ( INR1,200 to INR2,000 ) only .
Eat Maldivian food : This comes with three bonuses — the local tuna-based diet is unique and delicious , it speaks volumes about Maldivian history and local customs , and costs next to nothing .
Visit resort islands as a day-tripper : If you 'd like to partake of resort island luxuries without having to pay through the nose , you can always visit one for a day . Day trip packages are offered by most guest houses and tour operators and cost $ 60 ( INR3,685 ) to $ 100 ( INR6,140 ) , inclusive of ferry transfers , lunch and basic island activities .
Itinerary [ 15 days ]
Day 1 : You 're in Malé . After transferring from the airport island to the city , go for a walk in the main harbour area , take a stroll through the vegetable market ( enquire about cargo ship passages here ) and take in the local scenes . Speak to your guest house about trips to resort islands and make a plan for the upcoming days .
Day 2 : Visit Hukuru Miskiiy and the Grand Friday Mosque , check out the artificial beach and visit a local coffee house .
Day 3 : Take the local ferry across to Vilingiliisland , once a holiday resort , uninhabited since the 2004 tsunami devastated the properties . Relax at the beach here or snorkel over corals and fish in clear blue water .
Day 4 : Ferry off to Maafushi , a local island packed with diving and snorkelling opportunities . On your first day here , explore this little island on foot , right to the edge where the country 's largest prison house is located .
Day 5 : It 's time to hit the gorgeous waters . Snorkel at Banana Reef , the haunt of endless marine life and numerous manta rays . Visit a sandbank in low tide and be the only people for miles around .
Day 6 : Arrange a picnic island trip with your guest house and spend the day lounging by the beach and feasting on seafood grills .
Day 7 : Return to Malé for a night to unwind .
Day 8-10 : Board ships for Addu . Visit local islands for thirty minutes to an hour at a time as the ship makes stops to unload cargo .
Day 11 : Rent a bicycle from your guest house manager in Adduand go up and down the old British causeway to check out the various islands . End the day by visiting Equator Village if you like , a five-star hotel on Gan island , for a drink and some indoor games .
Day 12 : Back to the water . Arrange a snorkelling/diving trip with your guest house manager and spend the day out at sea with the abundant marine life and the best corals of the Maldives .
Day 13 : Spend another day doing water activities ( Addu has much to offer ) or explore more of the islands linked by the causeway . Eat some local food once you 've reached Hithadoo , the last linked island .
Day 14 : Fly back to Malé from Gan island . Spend the evening relaxing , dropping off postcards or shopping for souvenirs .
Day 15 : Return flight to your home country , and that 's all , folks !
This guide is by Teesta Guha Sarkar , a travel writer and documentary photographer oft found exploring foreign lands and waters and the meaning of home .
When Suvodeep Das , a 42-year-old marketing professional , took a Jet airways flight from Hyderabad to Mumbai in September , they said a software bug in the airline 's website would n't let them check in online without first punching in their Aadhaar number .
“ When I got my boarding pass , it had my Aadhaar number printed on it , ” Das told HT , wondering , “ Why do you need an Aadhaar number to take a flight , and why display it publicly ? ”
In October , another passenger found their Aadhaar number on the boarding pass : this time , it was barcoded .
HT has reviewed both boarding passes . Publishing Aadhaar numbers is an offence under the Aadhaar Act 2016 .
Jet Airways did not respond to repeated requests for comment . Speaking off the record , airline executives said Jet encoded Aadhaar numbers to test the proposed Aadhaar Enabled Entry and Biometric Boarding System ( AEEBBS ) : a complex Aadhaar-seeding project that aims to replace a passenger 's boarding pass with his/her fingerprint .
Bangalore International Airport ( BIAL ) , which plans to install AEEBBS , says it will improve passenger security and reduce check-in time at the Kempegowda International , India 's third busiest airport .
Privacy advocates , however , say the system , which stores passenger biometrics and Aadhaar numbers on the servers of a private corporation , is an example of how the absence of a data protection law in India lets companies compile and deploy sensitive personal information without legal oversight .
Future uses of the AEEBBS , according to the BIAL website , include integrating the system with passenger blacklists , typically maintained by the ministry of home affairs , to determine who can and can not board a flight .
“ The unregulated proliferation of Aadhaar uses is compromising the digital identities of citizens and putting them at risk , ” said Usha Ramanathan , a legal theorist who has written extensively on Aadhaar . ” There is a misconception that data protection is about data being at risk . It is actually about the rights of people being at risk . ”
Pilot Project
In January , Bangalore International Airport Ltd ( BIAL ) , the corporation that runs the Bengaluru terminal , and Jet Airways integrated their flight and passenger databases as part of a four-month pilot project to test the AEEBS .
“ The pilot project incorporated the entire airport journey from entry right through to the boarding gate and included all security check points , ” a BIAL spokesperson said in an email . “ The project allowed for quicker processing time for a passenger from entry to security gate while simultaneously enabling fewer points of human interaction . ”
Participation in the project was voluntary . BIAL said about 15 % of passengers opted to use it . In October , BIAL called for bids for a full roll-out of the AEEBBS by December 2018 .
The system , tender documents reveal , works in the following way :
First passengers enter their Aadhaar numbers when they book their flights . The airline turns this number into a QR code printed on the flight ticket . Once at the terminal , passengers bypass the standard practice of showing their ticket and ID to a security guard , and instead they enter the terminal by flashing the ticket at a QR code scanner while pressing their fingers against a biometric reader installed at the entrance .
The AEEBBS verifies the passenger 's identity by querying the UIDAI 's database , and then checks the airport 's flight information system to see if the passenger is booked to fly that day .
Thereafter , the system creates a “ passenger dataset ” that bundles the passenger 's biometrics and flight information into a single file unique to each passenger . This dataset is used to verify the identity of the passenger at each checkpoint , allowing the airport to track the passenger until they board them plane .
The tender document states that the biometric data should be purged immediately after the passenger 's flight departs . If flights are rescheduled , the biometrics shall persist until the passenger finally departs .
Concerns over Bengaluru airport 's use of Aadhaar The Aadhaar-Enabled Entry and Biometric Boarding System ( AEEBBS ) aims to replace boarding cards with a passenger 's fingerprint . Here is how it works . The Aadhaar-Enabled Entry and Biometric Boarding System ( AEEBBS ) aims to replace boarding cards with a passenger 's fingerprint . Here is how it works .
Why Biometrics ?
Bengaluru is n't the only airport experimenting with systems like the AEEBBS .
“ We have initiated trials on facial recognition , iris and finger-print scanning etc. , to generate Aadhaar + Biometric enabled passenger data-sets , ” said a spokesperson for the GMR Hyderabad International Airport . “ We hope to complete these trials in the next two months and deploy them by June 2018 for all domestic passengers . ”
Yet biometrics is n't a fool-proof way of verifying someone 's identity . Biometric experts have maintained that fingerprints can be copied and printed onto “ fake fingers ” — a process known as spoofing .
At Michigan State University , biometric expert Anil Jain and their team have developed so-called fake fingers using 12 different materials , the most sophisticated of which mimics the physical properties of human skin .
“ Many of the commercial systems may not have state-of-the-art spoof detection facilities , ” Jain said , adding that they have advised the UIDAI on biometrics in the past .
Jain said it was important that a secured space like an airport have biometric readers that include “ liveness ” detection , a term that refers to a broad set of techniques that use a combination of advanced hardware and software to avoid spoof attacks .
However , it is not mandatory for UIDAI-certified biometric devices to have liveness detection features . Documents published by Standardisation Testing and Quality Certification ( STQC ) , the agency tasked with certifying Aadhaar devices , make clear that “ liveness detection ” is “ preferable ” but not mandatory .
Some manufacturers of certified devices say their devices have liveness detection , but STQC does not include this specific feature in its testing .
Prof Jain said biometrics are harder to forge than the identity cards that are currently needed to gain access to airport terminals , suggesting that the AEEBBS could increase security only if the data that undergirds the system is properly secured .
Storage Concerns
Under regulations framed by the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) , it is illegal to store biometric data captured for any Aadhaar-related transaction .
Also , UIDAI-certified biometric devices are prohibited from storing biometric data which casts a cloud over BIAL 's proposal to create passenger datasets to merge passenger flight data , biometric data and Aadhaar numbers , and store it on a local BIAL network .
While UIDAI did not respond to requests for comment on if these passenger data sets violated its regulations , BIAL said it would work around the system by capturing passenger biometric data twice — once to verify passenger identities in accordance with UIDAI regulations , and once for the purpose of creating the passenger data set .
“ Our intent is to capture data and store a separate set of biometrics records ( delinked from Aadhaar ) that include face/iris/fingerprints for the purpose of authentication of passenger at various check points inside the airport , ” the spokesperson said .
Some experts believe this may not be enough .
“ The Aadhaar Act and Regulations are supposed to ensure that our biometric records are safe , and entities capturing biometrics for Aadhaar-related purposes can not store the biometrics , ” said Pranesh Prakash , policy director at the Centre for Internet and Society .
“ If biometrics collected does n't need to follow the Aadhaar regulations because of a technicality , how strong are the regulations ? ” Prakash said .
Last year , 22.18 million passengers travelled through Bengaluru airport . Once the AEEBBS is installed , the airport 's servers shall become a temporary repository of millions of fingerprints , and a lucrative target for sophisticated hackers who could capture this data by implanting malicious software in the system .
Such software has become easier to access since August 2016 , when a group calling itself the “ Shadow Brokers ” announced it had stolen some of the world 's most advanced cyber-weapons from the vaults of the Tailored Access Operations unit of National Security Agency , which manages the cyber-arsenal of the United States of America .
Designing the system to minimise the use of biometrics could alleviate these concerns , according to Rahul Matthan , a partner at law firm Trilegal .
“ If data minimisation is the principle that we keep on top of mind , Aadhaar should be used to allow entry , ” Matthan said , “ Then the airport must devise other methods and standards to ensure that security and passenger tracking is achieved . ”
Safeguarding Aadhaar Numbers
The AEEBBS also raises questions on the manner in which airlines and airports will store non-biometric data like passenger Aadhaar numbers . UIDAI regulations published in July 2017 say companies and government departments must store Aadhaar numbers in secure , isolated , databases called ‘ Aadhaar Data Vaults ' .
Each Aadhaar number in these vaults must be associated with a “ reference key ” — which is like a nick-name for the Aadhaar number . So instead of using a citizen 's Aadhaar number for a given transaction , businesses must preserve the confidentiality of the number by using the reference key instead .
Jet Airway 's decision to print Aadhaar numbers , rather than the reference keys , on the boarding passes , suggests that the airline is not following UIDAI guidelines — a problem that is likely to multiply as more airlines start gathering this information to avail of the AEEBBS facility . Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment .
Once the AEEBBS is in place , BIAL also intends to use passenger data , harvested during check-in and boarding , for commercial purposes , but it is unclear if and how this data will be anonymised before it is used .
“ We aim to make meaning of the abundant data that will be collected , ” the BIAL spokesperson said , insisting that the airport would respect traveller privacy and the data would not be sold to third parties . “ In due course — and with passenger consent — we intend to use business intelligence to make the journey more impactful . ”
For lawyer Matthan , the AEEBBS is an example of why India needs a comprehensive data protection law to address issues between citizens and private corporations .
“ There is a need to ensure that Aadhaar is based on a sound framework of privacy protection , ” they said , noting that the recent Supreme Court judgment protected citizen privacy against infringement by the government .
Data protection legislation , they said , would ensure that private corporations are held to the same standard .
First Published : Nov 27 , 2017 11:18 IST
MARRAKESH , Morocco ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry had hoped their presence at a Marrakesh conference to decide on the finer points of a historic agreement to stave off climate change would be a victory lap .
Instead , they found themselves having to address the uncertainty created by the election of Donald Trump , and what their presidency might mean for the U.S. commitment to the 2015 Paris agreement to cut global greenhouse gas emissions .
In a speech on Wednesday , Kerry urged countries to treat the earth 's changing climate as an urgent threat , citing melting glaciers , stronger storms , and record-breaking droughts .
“ While I ca n't stand here and speculate about what policies our president-elect will pursue , I will tell you this : In the time that I have spent in public life , one of the things I 've learned is that some issues look a little bit different when you 're actually in office compared to when you 're on the campaign trail , ” they said .
Trump has called climate change a hoax , and said they would rip up the Paris deal , halt any U.S. taxpayer funds for U.N. global warming programs , and revive the U.S. coal sector .
If they follow through on their promises , they would undo the legacy of President Barack Obama , who has made climate change a policy priority and called the rising temperatures and other fallout from climate change “ terrifying ” .
Related Coverage Business calls for Trump , world leaders to support Paris climate pact
Kerry spoke of their trip last week to Antarctica , where they met scientists alarmed at the trends .
“ CRITICAL JUNCTURE ”
“ For those in power in all parts of the world , including my own , who may be confronted with decisions about which road to take at this critical juncture , I ask you , on behalf of billions of people around the world : Do n't take my word for it ... I ask you to see for yourselves . ”
The Paris accord won backing from enough countries to enter into force on Nov. 4 , four days before the U.S. election , and the conference in Morocco was in part a celebration of that landmark .
The United States worked closely with China last year to build support for the Paris agreement , and the partnership of the two biggest greenhouse gas emitters helped persuade other countries to back the agreement .
The agreement seeks to phase out net greenhouse gas emissions by the second half of the century and limit global warming to “ well below ” 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 Fahrenheit ) above pre-industrial times .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry speaks during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech , Morocco , November 16 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mark Ralston/Pool
For now , the United States is proceeding as usual . The White House presented a plan in Marrakesh , in the works long before Trump 's victory , for a “ deep decarbonisation ” of the U.S. economy by 2050 that foresees an 80 percent cut in emissions from 2005 levels .
Without mentioning Trump , the 111-page plan said it was “ achievable , consistent with the long-term goals of the Paris Agreement , and an acceleration of existing market trends ” that would “ require increasingly ambitious decarbonisation policies ” .
But Trump 's election raises the prospect of the United States not fulfilling its commitments and has raised doubts among delegates in Marrakesh about whether Washington will still be a partner in the agreement come mid-century .
U.S. “ ESSENTIAL ” , SAYS CHINA
China , the biggest greenhouse gas emitter , ahead of the United States , said it would push ahead with its promises to limit climate change and urged Trump to reconsider .
“ As the largest developed economy in the world , U.S. support is essential . We have to expect they will take a smart and wise decision , ” Liu Zhenmin of the Chinese delegation told a news conference in Marrakesh .
In their speech , Kerry emphasized the dangers of inaction .
Slideshow ( 7 Images )
“ 2016 is going to be the warmest year of all . Every month so far has broken a record , ” they said .
“ At some point , even the strongest skeptic has to acknowledge that something disturbing is happening . ”
It is unclear what Trump will do on climate policy . On other issues , they have made contradictory statements and has said unpredictability is an asset in international negotiations .
Trump denied during a debate with their election rival Hillary Clinton that they had called climate change a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese , but in speeches and on Twitter they have repeatedly called it a hoax .
Dungeons of Dread
Dungeons of Dread is a Premium Edition Advanced Dungeons & Dragons release of the “ S-Series ” adventures written by Gary Gygax and Lawrence Schick , published by Wizards of the Coast .
By Lord Mhor
Learn more about Dungeons of Dread here
Purchase Dungeons of Dread here
Find other AD & D products here
I 've been playing Dungeons & Dragons since 1977 , so the re-release by Wizards of the Coast of all the old favorites fills my heart with joy . Until recently , only the retro-clones allowed newer players to experience old-school RPG tropes . Now , everyone can have a good look at the history of these rules in fancy new packaging .
Dungeons of Dread is the complete “ S-Series ” of four original modules beautifully arrayed in a high-end book . It is appealing both to ancient grognards who seek a trip down Memory Lane and to newer players who wish to experience the history of this hobby in a classy fashion .
CONTENT
Lawrence Schick has provided a nice forward to Dungeons of Dread that gives an excellent overview and history of these four compiled modules . Having gone through this entire book with great enthusiasm , I 'll now provide a quick executive view of each module :
S1 : Tomb of Horrors is designed to kill the adventurers outright . A foul demi-lich named Acerak has decided to go dormant for a few centuries and has constructed a dungeon designed to specifically protect its treasures and itself against intrusion . That being said , the villain has put forth many worthwhile challenges , primarily designed to get the adventurers deeper into the dungeon where their souls will be devoured and their equipment added to the already impressive assortment of treasures therein . This is more of a trick and trap dungeon than a wandering monster run , and it is truly deadly . Gary Gygax really put a lot of thought into this one !
S2 : White Plume Mountain is all about challenging obstacles placed in front of the adventurers to amuse a mad wizard . This was originally written to persuade Gary Gygax to hire Lawrence Schick as a game designer , and it succeeded admirably . White Plume Mountain is less focused on death traps than Tomb of Horrors , with a broad spectrum of challenges that will make the players earn their victories . These first two modules require a lot of thought to achieve success , so players focused on hacking and slashing may be frustrated as their characters die grisly deaths . For those who wish a mental challenge , however , this is an excellent environment .
S3 : Expedition to the Barrier Peaks is where things start to become quite weird . This module is a fusion of Gamma World science fiction with Greyhawk high fantasy . Much of the magic available for plunder is actually extremely high-tech gear , so you can imagine what medieval fantasy characters might suffer while attempting to figure out the various gadgets . The treasure is one of the more dangerous aspects of this module , in addition to a host of alien life forms that have been trapped in the dungeon for a very long time . Lawrence Schick describes it in the forward as “ Gary in full-on funhouse mode , ” and he 's quite correct .
S4 : The Lost Caverns of Tsojcanth is practically a campaign in itself , complete with wilderness maps and an extensive bestiary . The previous three modules are essentially stand-alone and can be dropped anywhere . This one has more depth and ( excusing a minor lesson in history ) may have been intended as part of a greater campaign in the World of Greyhawk , directly after T1 : The Village of Hommlet and T1-T4 : The Temple of Elemental Evil , and right before WG4 : The Forgotten Temple of Tharizdun . WG3 was originally to be the designation of Lost Caverns of Tsojcanth , but this module ended up with code S4 . Enough history ! It is quite capable of standing alone and has a great variety of challenges to amuse even the most jaded players . There are great treasures hidden in caverns at the end of an epic journey , and getting there is at least half of the fun !
OVERALL
If the mere idea of “ Old School ” role-playing fills you with dread , leave now or be forever corrupted ! Should you have the slightest interest in the venerable history of this fine hobby , buy this book and experience a mad romp through the history of high fantasy gaming with some very amusing twists . Wizards of the Coast has gone to great trouble to release the AD & D Player 's Handbook , Dungeon Master 's Guide , Monster Manual , and Unearthed Arcana , complete with gold foil edges , so that you can fully immerse yourself in a historic RPG experience . Even if you choose to avoid AD & D as a game system , there are so many good ideas between these covers that it 's worth picking up this deluxe tome .
Sadly , Dungeons of Dread does not have gold edges on the pages , but the rest of the fine production quality of the re-released core books is present herein . You are guaranteed to have a very long and entertaining experience while carving your way through all these modules . I respectfully suggest that you make up a large number of player characters in your spare time , because the casualties will be considerable and the demise of the assorted characters will be quite colorful .
RATINGS
Publication Quality : 9 out of 10
This book is beautiful . The binding is high-quality with a beautiful textured cover and evocative art . The text is clear and the contrast is perfect . All the art inside is well-rendered and better than the originals due to the improved print technology . The only flaw I caught was a slight pagination issue in the Table of Contents . The page references for everything past the S4 : The Lost Caverns of Tsojcanth are off by two pages . The bright side is that this does n't make a bit of difference , beyond a possible raised eyebrow from those who seek perfection .
Storyline : 10 out of 10
It is necessary to accept that strange storylines abound in this book . Between a demi-lich protecting its prerogatives , a mad wizard , a translocated section of starship , and a wilderness romp through Greyhawk that descends into strange caverns , there are going to be ideas that will both delight and vex any particular player . There 's something here for everyone , so enjoy !
Desire to Play : 9 out of 10
I 've personally picked up all these re-released AD & D books , so I ca n't be trusted to be entirely objective . That being said , I 'm using this book ! Whether you crave “ Old School ” AD & D or simply want to port ideas over to Savage Worlds or another system , you will find a plethora of material and many great concepts that are no longer common in RPG circles . Throw the contents at your players , as written or as dissected to your satisfaction . Play with this and have fun !
Overall : 9 out of 10
This book is firmly targeted at those who seek nostalgia and ideas from the early generations of D & D . It is a set of classic AD & D adventures that have stood the test of time , but it also has relevance to newer players as part of a campaign by Wizards of the Coast to generate excitement for the upcoming release of D & D Next ( or whatever they 'll end up calling the new incarnation ) . I consider this a vital part of RPG history , reprinted with high quality and good intent , and I 'm proud to have this entire line of releases on my gaming shelf . There are those who might not be interested in the particular feel of this material , but I believe the greater gaming audience can benefit from enjoying this book and the core rulebooks as brought back by Wizards of the Coast .
