The B.C . government boasted Monday it had lured far more foreign students per capita than anywhere else in Canada — 130,000 in total — claiming they inject $ 2 billion each year into the economy , creating 29,000 jobs .
“ These students enhance our global perspectives and connections , and their presence helps lay the groundwork for a prosperous and economically diverse future for B.C. , ” said Advanced Education Minister Andrew Wilkinson .
What Wilkinson did n't say about the B.C . Jobs Plan , however , is it has virtually no strategy to house foreign students , whose numbers have been exceeding the government 's targets . The volume of foreign students has jumped by 44,000 in the past five years .
That has many people worried in Metro Vancouver , which is the chosen city for four out of five B.C . foreign students and where municipal politicians say the rental vacancy rate is one of the worst in the world .
The Metro regional district reports that the rental vacancy rate dropped for the fourth straight year to just 0.7 per cent in 2016 , which means only seven units out of 1,000 are available at any time .
“ We have drastically increased demand with foreign students at the same time rental vacancies are almost non-existent , ” said Gary Liu , a research scientist and foreign-student tutor who is also a director with Housing Action for Local Taxpayers ( HALT ) .
“ Rents are going straight up . But the provincial government is doing nothing . It 's a gigantic failure on their part . ”
Simon Fraser University urban studies Prof. Qiyan Wu said increased foreign-student pressure on the rental and housing markets is part of the “ studentification ” of key neighbourhoods in globalized cities , such as London , England , and Metro Vancouver .
“ They definitely affect the rental market . Only a small proportion of international students have a family that can afford to buy a place for them in Metro Vancouver , ” Wu said .
Related
As international students move into neighbourhoods near schools and universities , Wu 's research found rents and housing prices go up and other residents are pushed out due to differences in “ lifestyle expectations and available services . ”
Data provided by the Metro district shows foreign students make up roughly two-thirds of the 172,000 non-permanent residents in B.C. , a category that includes spouses of foreign students and temporary foreign workers .
Half the province 's non-permanent residents are between the ages of 16 and 24 . And four out of five live in Metro , according to Statistics Canada .
Since the election of U.S. President Donald Trump , who wants to tighten immigration policy , many higher-education officials , including University of B.C . president Santa Ono , have said they expect another hike in the number of international students who want to study in Canada
B.C . 's public universities and colleges provide campus housing for only a fraction of the 130,000 foreign students , 51,000 of whom are from Mainland China , 13,000 from Korea and 12,000 from India .
Even though UBC 's Vancouver campus provides by far the most residential beds , 10,000 , they 're divided roughly equally between domestic and international students .
Meanwhile , more than 68,000 additional foreign students are attending scores of small private colleges , mostly in Metro , which were created almost exclusively for them .
However , the government agency that oversees these private enterprises , the Private Career Institute Training Branch , has said it does n't collect data on where international students find housing .
According to StatsCan , about 350,000 of Metro 's roughly one million households are rental units . Metro officials do n't have a breakdown on where international students reside , whether in rental units , with families or in purchased dwellings .
Wu , however , has found that the most student pressure on rental housing is in downtown Vancouver , the west side of Vancouver , Burnaby and Coquitlam . Local rental costs , they said , have risen dramatically since 2008 .
Since foreign students , Wu said , generally come from offshore families that are more wealthy than domestic students , they 're often able to outbid local students for rental units .
Wu said residents of certain Metro Vancouver communities are being “ displaced , ” “ replaced ” and “ colonized ” by newcomers .
To partly alleviate the intense stress on the rental market , both Lui and Wu said they support the City of Vancouver 's tax on empty dwellings . The city contains a record 25,000 empty or under-utilized dwellings , said a census-based report last week by SFU city program director Andy Yan .
But the hollowing-out phenomenon is spreading throughout the region . Yan found more than 67,000 empty or under-utilized dwellings throughout Metro , almost seven per cent of the total housing stock .
In addition , Yan 's discovered more than eight per cent of the City of Vancouver 's households are either unoccupied or occupied by foreign residents , with the overall Metro Vancouver rate being more than six per cent .
It 's imperative , said Lui , that the B.C . government make legislative reforms to allow all the municipalities of Metro , not just the City of Vancouver , to tax empty dwellings so owners will be motivated to rent them out .
In addition , Wu said they support encouraging condo strata councils to change more owner-occupied units into rentals .
dtodd @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/douglastodd
Blog : vancouversun.com/douglastodd
MORE RELATED : In mobile Vancouver , first generation are hard to find
Ethnic mapping : A unique interactive look at Metro Vancouver 's neighbourhoods
Douglas Todd : Is real-estate foreign buyers tax the 15 % solution ?
Vancouverites betrayed by lax politicians in housing crisis
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
Islamabad sees jihad as low-cost option to bleed India , says former Pak envoy to
New Delhi : Prosecution of jihadis in Pakistan is difficult as the system considers them to be `` the good guys '' , according to Husain Haqqani , Pakistan 's former envoy to the US .
Talking about their latest book , 'India vs Pakistan : Why Ca n't We Just be Friends ? ' Haqqani said that Pakistan considered jihad to be a low-cost option to bleed India and that this was the only way for it to ensure some form of military parity .
Haqqani , who 's an integral part of the powerful elite in Islamabad and was adviser to four PMs , talks about jihad , relations with India , Pakistan 's own tryst with the scourge of terrorism , and the nexus between ISI -- Pakistan 's military intelligence service -- and the Islamic jihadi forces .
Q . Can you explain ex-ISI chief Shuja Pasha 's statement on 26/11 terror attack , `` Log hamare the , operation hamara nahi tha '' ( our people but it was not our operation ) ?
A. Pasha said , `` our people '' were involved , they did n't say it was Pakistan army officers or ISI men . Pasha could have meant Pakistanis or they could be referring to LeT ( Lashkar-e-Taiba ) as `` our people . '' However , Pasha had told ex-CIA Director , General Michael Hayden , that `` retired Pakistani army officers and retired intelligence officers '' were involved in the planning . General Hayden says so in their book . Condoleezza Rice , then Secretary of State , has also written the same .
Since 26/11 , Pakistan never went into the depth of the case even though proof was presented . We did arrest some , but we have not successfully prosecuted those responsible and until that is done , questions will remain .
Q . Rice had warned Pakistan to shut down terror operations . However , nothing has changed .
A . Prosecution is difficult in a system where jihadis targeting India are seen as 'the good guys ' . Yes , Secretary Rice had told Islamabad to shut down all terrorist operations . But that was n't the first time and certainly not the last . Pakistan has persisted with the same policy since the 1990s . When pushed by US on terror : first deny , then list Pakistani grievances , bring up Kashmir and blame India , provide commitments and assurances and end again with denial . This is not working .
Q . Though US had named Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi of LeT as the 26/11 mastermind , they are roaming around freely in Pakistan . What is stopping Islamabad from taking action ?
A. Pakistan sees jihad as a low-cost option to bleed India . The security apparatus views terrorism as irregular warfare . Islamabad feels this is the only way to ensure some form of military parity .
Q . Is there a concerted attempt by the Pakistan army to thwart peace talks ?
A . As an analyst , I have seen that over the last 69 years , Indian and Pakistani leaders have met 53 times and yet been unable to change the course of their ties . Whenever the two try to move forward , the military has reacted . Civilian and army leaders have lost power after attempting to make peace .
Q . What should be Pakistan 's policy on Kashmir ?
A . Having a normal relationship , people-to-people ties and trade does n't mean giving up on legal or political claim . The question I ask is : Is Kashmir really Pakistan 's 'jugular vein ' if it has survived for 69 years without it ? Should the two risk nuclear mass destruction over a quarrel they have not been able to resolve for so long ?
However , Pakistan 's military has insisted on resolution of the Kashmir imbroglio before opening trade or travel .
Q. Pakistan 's Kashmir policy remains by and large in the hands of the military even when a civilian prime minister holds office . How can we expect a solution ?
A . Under civilian prime ministers , Pakistan has moved forward with India . But Pakistan 's security establishment insists on controlling foreign and security policy , including the Kashmir policy . They have not been able to reach any long-lasting solution . Pakistanis realise that it is only civilian leaders who can actually reach a solution .
Q . In your opinion , Indira Gandhi had been magnanimous with the Shimla Pact , but Pakistanis saw the absence of pressure for a full settlement of Kashmir as an opportunity to keep the conflict alive . Should they have been more assertive on Kashmir ?
A. Mrs Gandhi did not trust ( prime minister ) Zulfikar Ali Bhutto but they saw them as preferable to a military regime . For India , domestic unrest or balkanisation of Pakistan , is not a favorable development .
The compromise was to declare in Shimla that `` the two countries are resolved to settle their differences by peaceful means through bilateral negotiations . '' This was meant to preclude any future war .
Q . The book mentions how Pakistan intelligence had passed on the information of 10 terrorists who sneaked into Gujarat in March . Do you feel that its a sincere move to preempt a crisis after Pathankot ?
A . It 's very positive that Pakistan has shared intelligence with India . But it was more because pressure from India and US . India cancelled scheduled talks and ( Prime Minister Nawaz ) Sharif was eager to resume dialogue . It was less likely that this move reflected concern for possible Indian casualties and was more to do with the need to deflect international pressure .
Q . Are you hopeful of a breakthrough in Indo-Pak relationship after Pathankot ?
A . The two foreign secretaries met in New Delhi for the Heart of Asia conference and Prime Minister ( Narendra ) Modi is scheduled to travel to Islamabad for the SAARC summit in November this year . So , talks will continue as before but for a breakthrough , the two sides need to move beyond simply cancelling or rescheduling talks and create an environment for change .
Q . You also talk about the shrinking space for friendship and increasing 'saffronisation ' of India . How harmful is this for ties ?
A. Indo-Pak ties have become a victim of two parallel and contending nationalisms . In recent years , we are increasingly resembling each other in rage , resentment and public displays of religion .
Q . How do you see US policy towards Pakistan in the wake of US elections ?
A . Neither of the current Presidential candidates have expressed a positive view of Pakistan . What should worry my countrymen is that entire US thinktank and the average American share the same view .
Hilary Clinton as Secretary of State in 2011 said , `` You ca n't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbors . '' US policy towards Pakistan has been built on what I call 'Magnificent Delusions ' . Pakistan saw the US as its superpower ally who would build its resources to stand up to India , but Washington never saw India as a threat . US and Pakistan have very different goals but still assume they can get the other to work to their advantage .
We have today announced three changes to our Hyundai A-League roster with the registration of Kerem Bulut and Yusuke Tanaka on injury replacement contracts and the signing of Nick Ward . Western Sydney 's own Hayden Foxe has also joined the coaching staff for the remainder of the season .
Initially signed on AFC Champions League contracts , Bulut and Tanaka have been included in the squad on injury-replacement contracts in place of Brendon Santalab ( shoulder ) and Shannon Cole ( collar bone ) .
Cole broke their collar bone in Wednesday 's win over Kashima Antlers while Santalab reinjured their shoulder against Adelaide United and will go into surgery on Tuesday with both to undergo an extensive rehab program before their return to action .
Red & Black fans have already seen what Tanaka is capable of having played four matches for the club so far while anticipation grows around the debut of Bulut who has impressed during training .
CEO John Tsatsimas , while disappointed for both Cole and Santalab , was pleased to have been able to firm up the A-League squad for the Club 's ACL title defence and run home of the domestic campaign .
“ While there was some initial red tape in adding players to our roster following the departure of several players in January , to be able to secure our roster for the remainder of the season is very promising , ” said Tsatsimas .
“ Yusuke is a fantastic player and we are very excited to see what Kerem will produce in the coming months .
“ We have a number of fantastic young local players on our books including Kearyn Baccus , Jaushua Sotirio , Alusine Fofanah , Liam Youlley , Marty Lo , Shane D'Cunha and Daniel Alessi but with the NPL season kicking off next month and a few serious injuries to key players we have had to solidify our depth with some new acquisitions .
“ Nick was a late inclusion into the squad following these injuries and brings a wealth of A-League experience . They have won both the National Soccer League and Hyundai A-League and their winning mentality will be a benefit to the squad . ”
With over 140 appearances in the Hyundai A-League , Nick Ward has considerable experience in the Hyundai A-League and will add depth and an attacking threat to the first team squad .
A product of the Australian Institute of Sport , Ward started their senior career with Perth Glory in the National Soccer League before playing in the Championship with Queens Park Rangers .
Foxe joins Wanderers Head Coach Tony Popovic 's backroom staff for the remainder of the season and will bring local and international knowledge to the group .
“ We are delighted to have Hayden Foxe join our Club 's backroom staff for the remainder of the season , ” continued Tsatsimas .
“ Hayden is from Western Sydney and played their juniors at Blacktown City so they know the region very well and is a great fit for our Club . ”
All three players will be available for selection in this Saturday 's Sydney Derby at Pirtek Stadium . Kick-off is at 7:30pm with live coverage on Fox Sports 505 .
Western Sydney Wanderers 2014/15 Hyundai A-League squad
1 . Ante Covic ( GK ) , 3 . Yusuke Tanaka , 4 . Nikolai Topor-Stanley , 5 . Brendan Hamill , 6 . Antony Golec , 7 . Labinot Haliti , 8 . Mateo Poljak , 9 . Tomi Juric , 10 . Yojiro Takahagi , 12 . Nikita Rukavytsya , 13 . Matthew Spiranovic , 14 . Kerem Bulut , 15 . Yianni Perkatis , 16 . Jaushua Sotirio , 17 . Romeo Castelen , 18 . Iacopo La Rocca , 19 . Mark Bridge , 20 . Dean Bouzanis ( GK ) , 23 . Jason Trifiro , 25 . Sam Gallaway , 31 . Alusine Fofanah , 32 . Daniel Alessi , Nick Ward ( TBC )
Long-term Injury List
2 . Shannon Cole , 11 . Brendon Santalab , 21 . Martin Lo , 34 . Golgol Mebrahtu
Western Sydney Wanderers 2015 AFC Champions League 30 man squad
1 . Ante Covic ( GK ) , 2 . Shannon Cole * , 3 . Yusuke Tanaka , 4 . Nikolai Topor-Stanley , 5 . Brendan Hamill , 6 . Antony Golec , 7 . Labinot Haliti , 9 . Tomi Juric , 10 . Yojiro Takahagi , 11 . Brendon Santalab * , 12 . Nikita Rukavytsya , 13 . Matthew Spiranovic , 14 . Kerem Bulut , 15 . Yianni Perkatis , 16 . Jaushua Sotirio , 17 . Romeo Castelen , 18 . Iacopo La Rocca , 19 . Mark Bridge , 20 . Dean Bouzanis ( GK ) , 23 . Jason Trifiro , 25 . Sam Gallaway , 30 . Thomas Heward-Belle ( GK ) , 31 . Alusine Fofanah , 32 . Daniel Alessi , 33 . Nick Kalmar , 35 . Kearyn Baccus , 36 . Liam Youlley , 37 . Jonathan Aspropotamitis , 38 . Steve Kuzmanovski , 39 . Shayne D'Cunha
Narsil.org ‎ > ‎ People ‎ > ‎ Jimmy Carter ‎ > ‎ President Jimmy Carter and the `` killer rabbit '' The rabbit .
Photo courtesy of Jimmy Carter Library April 20th , 1979 On a fishing trip in Plains , Georgia , President Carter had an encounter with a `` swamp rabbit '' . This seemingly trivial event was seized upon by the press and became a sort of Rorschach test of the Carter presidency : reporters and commentators saw in this story whatever they wanted to see in Carter 's administration . Jody Powell , Carter 's press secretary , described the affair in their 1986 book The Other Side of the Story : It began late one afternoon in the spring of 1979 . The President was sitting with a few of us on the Truman Balcony . They had recently returned from a visit to Plains , and we were talking about homefolks and how the quail were nesting and similar matters of international import . Suddenly , for no apparent reason -- they were drinking lemonade , as I recall -- the President volunteered the information that while fishing in a pond on their farm they had sighted a large animal swimming toward him . Upon closer inspection , the animal turned out to be a rabbit . Not one of your cutesy , Easter Bunny-type rabbits , but one of those big splay-footed things that we called swamp rabbits when I was growing up . The animal was clearly in distress , or perhaps berserk . The President confessed to having had limited experience with enraged rabbits . They were unable to reach a definite conclusion about its state of mind . What was obvious , however , was that this large , wet animal , making strange hissing noises and gnashing its teeth , was intent upon climbing into the Presidential boat . The President then evidently shooed the critter away from their boat with a paddle . The scene was captured on film by a White House photographer . The incident might have died of natural causes but for the fact that Powell themselves later passed the story along to the press : Several months later I was chatting with Brooks Jackson , one of the White House correspondents for the Associated Press , over a cup of tea , as I remember . For reasons that I still do not fully understand , I told them about the President and the rabbit . I was the one who leaked the killer rabbit story . Although an experienced reporter , Brooks also failed to appreciate the significance of what they had heard . They did not rush to file an `` urgent '' story . In fact , they continued the conversation for some period of time and several more cups of tea . Not until the next day did they get around to sending this gripping account out over the wires to a waiting public . And even then it was a pleasant , lighthearted piece . Although they may not admit it now , I had the definite impression at the time that Brooks thought it was nothing more than a mildly amusing incident , too . We were soon corrected . The Washington Post , exercising the news judgement that we in the White House had come to appreciate so keenly , headed the piece President Attacked by Rabbit and ran it on the front page . The more cautious New York Times boxed it on page A-12 . That night , all three networks found time to report the amazing incident . But that was just the beginning . [ ... ] It was a nightmare . The story ran for more than a week . The President was repeatedly asked to explain their behavior at town hall meetings , press conferences , and meetings with editors . There was talk of a suit under the Freedom of Information Act to force release of the picture showing the President , paddle and rabbit in close proximity . Shortly after the Reagan administration took office , they stumbled upon a copy of the picture -- apparently while searching for a foreign policy -- and reopened the old wounds by releasing it to the press . Well - this is where I enter the story . I was 25 at the time the story broke , and I remember the furor over the incident . However , I ca n't recall ever having seen the asupervisorstioned picture . Web searches turned up plenty of references to the story , but no images ; the story unfortunately broke before Al Gore invented the Internet . Well - this is whereenter the story . I was 25 at the time the story broke , and I remember the furor over the incident . However , I ca n't recall ever having seen the asupervisorstioned picture . Web searches turned up plenty of references to the story , but no images ; the story unfortunately broke before Al Gore invented the Internet . I contacted the friendly folks at the Jimmy Carter Library about the picture , not really expecting much help : Greetings , Jimmy Carter Library folks . Is the infamous picture of President Carter being attacked by a rabbit while fishing available from the Library ? I suspect this is a common question , and I also suspect that the standard answer is `` No , and we would n't tell you if it were anyway . '' : - ) Still - I figured it was worth a try . To my amazement , I received this response : Thank you for your photo inquiry of November 7 , 2003 . The 'killer rabbit ' photo is available at the Library . An 8x10 color print costs $ 25.50 : a b & w print costs $ 20.50 . We require prepayment and will accept a credit card or a check made out to the National Archives Trust Fund . Please contact us if we can be of further assistance . After a few more exchanges , I wound up ordering a 300dpi TIFF on CD of this image : To my amazement , I received this response : After a few more exchanges , I wound up ordering a 300dpi TIFF on CD of this image : The picture
President Carter and the swamp rabbit
Photo courtesy of Jimmy Carter Library Click Click here to download the 3000 x 2254 JPEG image . I 'm grateful to the folks at the Carter Library for their cheerful cooperation . They have advised me that the picture is in the public domain , but they would like any usage to note that the picture is courtesy of the Jimmy Carter Library . Note : If you wish to link to this image , please do me a favor and link to this page , and do n't `` deep link '' to the image itself . Since the photo is in the public domain , you 're welcome to copy it to your own server if you wish . It would be polite to credit the source .
Just in time for the Wheels & Waves festival in France , Holographic Hammer have unveiled their latest creation and it 's a much anticipated translation from digital design to a real world , rolling custom . Thanks to yet another collaboration with Ducati using their hugely popular 2015 Scrambler , Holographic Hammer have teamed up with Moto Heroes in France to produce the best Cafe Racer style conversion of the Scrambler we 've seen so far . Constructed by brothers Sylvain ( the Holographic Hammer ) & Florent Berneron over 14 weeks and taking some 170 hours of work to complete their custom Scrambler boasts parts from some of the world 's best custom and performance parts manufacturers ; ensuring this is n't simply a good looking custom Scrambler , but also a greatly upgraded one .
Holographic Hammer : “ Three months ago , Ducati contacted us to ask if we could work on an official Scrambler project , for a release at Wheels & Waves in Biarritz . The bike is so cool that we said yes right away , but 14 weeks to do it all was quite short notice . We signed the deal and a few days later we received a brand-new scrambler , fresh from the factory .
The question was then , what should we do with it ? We had a few rides on the Scrambler while we were still discussing the project , the bike handles really well and is very fun to ride , but for us a Scrambler is a bike you want to live with . I mean you 'll scratch it , go through mud and dirt , even lose the front here and there and fall over , so if you want to spend money on it , it will most probably be to change tires and brake pads to keep the fun coming . We did n't feel like putting all our parts and labour into a bike of that design because it would make it too shiny for what it 's purpose really is . So , from that point , it was clear that we would turn the Scrambler into something else , something faster and cleaner .
When I was doing the research phase before sketching , I noticed that a lot of the original 1962 scramblers ended up being Cafe Racers back then . The bike is so light that you can brake very late and turn quick , instead of power , it is really the package that provides the speed here . After a week of sketching and planning the final design was done . The plan was to do a proper Cafe Racer like in the old days , but loaded with 2015 technology like high performance parts , LEDs , fuel injection , proper suspensions and brakes . Nothing revolutionary I know , but still at the moment there is no proper Cafe Racer in the Ducati range , the Monster is now liquid cooled and became a high performance roadster over the years . If you look for an old school engine , something strong and simple in 2015 there is not so many bikes to choose from .
We took away all the parts we could , without making it rough to ride . We dropped 20kgs during this process so it now has a dry weight of 145 Kgs . Saving weight is as efficient as adding more power , so in its current state the bike feels even lighter to handle , making it a lot easier to carry more speed in the corners . We wanted to properly upgrade the chassis , so we asked some specialists if they wanted to be part of this project . Some say custom is all about “ do it yourself ” or “ built not bought ” , well at Holographic Hammer we do n't want to reinvent the wheel , we focus on our strength which is designing and building one off parts and bikes , but when it comes to developing racing brakes and rims for example , we prefer to team up with people who have the best knowledge and the experience .
We sent a peach to convince potential sponsors , and got the support from the following brands :
– COGNITO MOTO > Frame loop with the integrated LED brake light
– RIZOMA > Milled parts and details .
– WERKES USA > Silencer
– PIRELLI > Racing and road tires
– BERINGER > Racing brakes – 4D System
– ROTOBOX > Carbon rims
But if it was just about mounting brand-new parts on the bike to call it a custom , it would be too easy and Holographic Hammer would be useless in the mix . The Scrambler just came out , so none of the parts we received were made specifically for this bike so we had to modify each one to fit properly . ”
Here 's some of the tasks Holographic Hammer performed on the Ducati Scrambler Cafe Racer :
– redesigned subframe developed and made in house
– Custom battery box to store all the wiring and electronics
– The seat has been entirely made in house
– Front end swap for a set of 43mm upside down SHOWA forks
– Reworked triple clamps and steering head
– Custom mountings for the headlight and speedo
– Modified wiring harness
– Modified exhaust system
– Milling of various parts and spacers to mount the brakes and the rims
– New side stand to clear custom rear sets
– One-off front fender
– Custom engine covers
– and a modified tank and frame
This weekend if you 're lucky enough to be attending Wheels and Waves in Biarritz , France you can see this bike on display and hopefully in action at the ‘ Punk 's Peak Races ' . Then soon afterwards the bike will go on sale with it 's original 2 years warranty , despite being loaded with high-end aftermarket components and the fact that it 's a one-of-a-kind .
BOB BECKEL ( CO-HOST ) : Well first I 'd say is that the ban on chemical weapons goes back to the end of the first World War , so that 's not -- it was n't just under the Obama administration . Secondly , the president said we are not going into Syria . I 'm glad they said . I think it 's the right thing to do , but here 's the question , and Eric raised this , it is a very important one . This is a short-term military operation . Yes , it had some positive aspects , but in the long run , I think [ Syrian President Bashar Al- ] Assad is going to be thrown out of power . But the question is who takes theirs place ?
If the United States is not willing to go in , which we should not go in , the Russians certainly will , I 'll tell you that . And ISIS and the groups that are against Assad , the Syrians , getting together , a real possibility . And then you 've got not only ISIS in Syria but you 've got ISIS in the capital of Syria . So that worries me a lot . And the other this is , and I ca n't let this go because our producer did n't put it in the line up . But Sean Spicer , the president 's press secretary , said today that `` Unlike Hitler , Hitler did n't gas their own people '' . Referring to Assad . Sean . go back and take a hard look at the second World War , where was gas used .
GREG GUTFELD ( CO-HOST ) : For obviously they made a mistake , Bob . Thank god none of us make those mistakes like that .
BECKEL : That 's a pretty big mistake .
GUTFELD : Oh I admit it 's a big mistake but let 's remember how many mistakes are made at this table .
Children 's hospital site selected
Photo : Mike Fisher Photo : Mike Fisher Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Children 's hospital site selected 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
San Antonio 's newest children 's hospital will be built on 18 acres of undeveloped green space west of Floyd Curl Drive and south of Hamilton Wolfe Road , according to a letter of intent signed by Vanguard Health Systems and the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
The planned free-standing facility with nearly 200 beds is scheduled to open in 2016 , with construction beginning early next year . If the parties sign a final agreement , CHOP and the parent company of Baptist Health System will lease the property from the San Antonio Medical Foundation for 50 years once the hospital 's construction is complete .
An appraisal of the 18-acre site is pending , so the parties have n't settled on the lease amount , said Jim Reed , president of South Texas Medical Center .
The effort will establish a pediatric program that can compete nationally , one providing specialized care to the sickest children in San Antonio and South Texas , Vanguard officials said . The for-profit hospital — to be financed , built and managed by Vanguard and CHOP — will serve children up to 19 years old , including the uninsured , those dependent on Medicaid and those with private health insurance .
The hospital also will serve as an academic teaching facility with University of Texas Health Science Center faculty providing care . The staffing model will be open to pediatric doctors in private practice as well .
Building a top-tier pediatric hospital “ has been an ongoing conversation in San Antonio for 20 years , ” said Trip Pilgrim , Vanguard 's senior vice president and chief development officer .
But the talking is largely over .
Christus Santa Rosa is pushing ahead with plans to redevelop its downtown facility into a Tier 1 children 's hospital — a decision the nonprofit hospital operator made after losing its bid to partner with UTHSC to develop a children 's hospital .
Christus announced in February that it will collaborate with Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children 's Hospital of Houston to staff the facility , called the Children 's Hospital of San Antonio .
The Vanguard-CHOP joint venture emerged as the top choice of UTHSC , which is in the Medical Center .
“ We think this offers an opportunity to create an anchor location in the north part of the Medical Center proximate to the medical school , proximate to the research facilities , and that we believe is going to be a destination for very sick children , ” Pilgrim said . “ It will also be a big economic generator for the Medical Center . ”
The Medical Center wants to use its land for education , clinical services and research , so the new hospital fits that mission well , Reed said .
The letter of intent includes an exclusivity provision prohibiting the operation of any children 's hospital on land owned by the San Antonio Medical Foundation that is not under an existing lease .
This exclusivity does not preclude Methodist Healthcare or Christus Santa Rosa Health System from operating children 's hospitals on land they already own in the Medical Center , Reed said . But it would prevent a third party from coming in to build another children 's hospital in the Medical Center .
The exclusivity provision will be in effect during the initial term of a 25-year affiliation agreement that Vanguard and CHOP are about to enter with UTHSC .
The 18-acre site eyed by Vanguard and CHOP is on land purchased by the Medical Center in 1961 that was previously a dairy farm , Reed said . The tract is among 200 acres of undeveloped property owned by the Medical Center .
Bexar County Judge Nelson Wolff , a longtime proponent of building a Tier 1 children 's hospital in San Antonio , called the site selection a positive step forward . But they also said they hope progress will be more rapid than the timeline outlined in the letter of intent .
“ I think they 're doing it in the right spot . I think this is better than the first site they were looking at , ” Wolff said , referring to a previously considered location near Floyd Curl and Wurzbach Road .
CHOP , ranked by Parents magazine as the top pediatric hospital in the nation , aims to “ replicate ” its success in San Antonio , hospital officials said .
CHOP CEO Steven Altschuler was not available for comment Wednesday . But building the new San Antonio children 's hospital near a medical school “ is critical to success , and we could not be more pleased with the site selection , ” they said in a prepared statement .
The exact dimensions of the site still must be determined . The letter of intent also awaits final approval by the entities ' governing boards .
We may as well finish up the weekend with something which is either incredibly stupid or amazingly self-serving . Salon author Scott Timberg has published a mind numbing , lengthy interview with an author who is promoting a book about music , but which pauses to veer off into realms beyond the rainbow which should be embarrassing even to that publication . ( No… I 'm not going to name either the author or the book and lend them any additional traffic or Google hits . But I did do an online search and he 's at least as famous as Elliott Lang , author of the indispensable Pigeon Passion . The Complete Pigeon and Racing Pigeon Guide . I have no doubt , however , that the pigeon book is better . )
The interviewer goes through a list of mundane questions about the book and music history in general , then abruptly takes a sharp left turn , prompting the following from the author .
I 'm not a psychiatrist , I have n't sat down and interviewed George Zimmerman or the cop who shot Michael Brown , I do n't know what their motives are , I do n't know what kind of people they are , what kind of childhood traumas they have experienced . But I do n't think it 's nuts that in a certain way , when that cop killed Michael Brown , and when George Zimmerman killed Trayvon Martin , they were killing Barack Obama .
It 's tempting to think that this was just an unfiltered moment of extemporaneous blather from an out of touch hippie , but reading the entire , eight paragraph answers to the question makes it look far too staged and strained for that . Far more likely is the theory that Timberg wanted to help out the author by drawing some outrage and attention in an attempt to drive traffic to the interview , hoping somebody might actually order the book . Given the subject matter , the question seems to hint at this being a staged stunt as the explanation .
Anyone who studied music history or American history knows that this country has a complicated and , at times , tragic , relationship to race , but it seems that even with that background , the last few years have been particularly fraught . It seems at times like the nation has sort of flipped out . I wonder if you noticed this , and if you have any sense of what 's happening . It strikes me that the Civil War has never really been settled .
I 'll admit , when I first saw this tripe pop up in my Twitter timeline I assumed that it was from the fake Salon account which drew so much controversy after its banning earlier this year . I even asked if that might be the source , but it was not . However , our own Noah Rothman came up with an alternate suggestion which seems to be on the mark .
@ JazzShaw parody Salon has really forced actual Salon to up its game . — Noah Rothman ( @ NoahCRothman ) October 12 , 2014
But how much would you like to bet that this guy actually sells a few more books to Left side blog readers who think there will be more of the same inside ? It might turn out to be a clever bit of marketing on Salon 's part .
Until 2010 , Oregon entrepreneur Lawrence George Owen , 73 , owned one restaurant , eight strip clubs , and two adult-video stores in the Portland area . At these businesses , Owen installed ATM machines in case customers needed to take out cash . With that cash , customers could do an assortment of things—tip dancers , buy food and drinks , leave the establishment and go grocery shopping . And sometimes , customers used the cash to privately pay some strippers for sex .
Now Owen faces federal charges for `` conspiring to use interstate commerce '' in promotion of prostitution .
The charges are the results of a nine year joint-effort by Portland 's vice squad and the FBI . Between 2006 and 2009 , undercover Portland police officers arranged for 18 acts of prostitution with dancers at three of the clubs . After that federal agents took over , searching Owen 's businesses and the homes of their alleged co-conspirators and seizing $ 843,000 in cash .
Owen , it should be noted , was living in Mexico most of this time . They are currently on a U.S. Marshall 's hold in a Portland jail , after being detained by federal agents in late February .
You might be wondering how Owen faces federal charges if all of the alleged prostitution-promoting took place in Portland . Promoting prostitution is only a federal crime under certain circumstances , such as when the perpetrator transports or coerces an individual across state lines for prostitution purposes . Using mail , telephone calls , or other `` facilities of interstate commerce '' in service of prostitution will also do the trick . But the FBI has no evidence that Owen enticed or transported strip-club employees from outside Oregon , nor that they used mail or telephone calls to help facilitate their prostitution efforts .
When the FBI wants to make a case against someone , however , they 'll find a way . In this case , the FBI decided that ATM machines count as `` facilities of interstate commerce . ''
The affidavit for Owen 's arrest states that customers `` routinely withdrew cash from the ATMs in operation at the businesses '' —cash which involved the interstate electronic transfer of funds—and used this cash to pay for prostitution . `` This means the ATMs were interstate facilities that were used to promote and facilitate prostitution , '' it concludes .
This is n't the first case where federal prosecutors have considered ATMs interstate-commerce facilities in order to bring charges . Still , `` courts have difficulty resolving what it means to use a facility in interstate commerce , ' '' notes Jason Weathers in a 2002 Western New England Law Review paper . `` The increasingly complex and expansive nature of communications technology magnifies the problems associated with interpreting the reach of federal jurisdiction where· such jurisdiction is founded on the use of interstate commerce facilities . ''
There are quite a few disturbing things about the Owen case , including the fact that federal and local law enforcement spent years ( and who knows how much money ) investigating and prosecuting consensual sex between adults . But that 's ( sadly ) pretty standard . What 's especially worrying is the idea that merely providing a means for people to withdraw money makes business owners liable for what they spend that money on , and that using money withdrawn from an ATM in the commission of a crime could automatically elevate it from a city or state matter to a federal offense .
A Santa Ana man on Friday faced false imprisonment and other charges for allegedly trying to kidnap a 10-year-old boy.KNX 1070′s Mike Landa reports police responded to a call shortlybefore 7:30 p.m. on Thursday from Delhi Park at 505 E. Central statingthat a soccer coach was unsuccessfully attempting to detain 55-year-oldsuspect Victor Joseph Espinoza.When officers arrived , the 425-pound Espinoza had escaped . They waslocated by helicopter shortly afterward hiding in a backyard on the 500block of E. Central.Espinoza – who police said is a documented gang member – was takeninto custody without incident , but they had minor injuries from hiscontact with the soccer coach.Investigators said the 10-year-old – who did not know the suspect –was going to soccer practice with their 19-year-old female cousin whenEspinoza lured the victim close enough to grab him. “ He was grabbed by the suspect by both of their arms and they pull himinto their body area , ” Santa Ana Police Cpl . Anthony Bertagna said . “ Webelieve that they were going to take the kid away. ” The boy yelled for help and tried to pull away , but Espinoza wouldnot let them go . The victim was finally able to break free and they and hiscousin ran to the park telling the soccer coach what had occurred.After the coach located the suspect in front of the park , Espinozaattempted to flee and was tackled by the coach in the street beforeescaping and hiding in a residential backyard. “ In talking to the victim , they stated that they stayed in the yard wherehe saw them go because they were unable to get over the fence , ” Bertagnasaid.Espinoza was booked on charges of false imprisonment , child annoyance , and gang enhancements .
Connacht Rugby has today confirmed that outhalf Steve Crosbie and centre Tom Farrell have been added to the senior squad for the remainder of the 2016/17 season . Loosehead prop Peter McCabe has also joined the province on a loan deal from Munster Rugby .
23-year-old outhalf Steve Crosbie , who can also play in midfield , joins the province on the back of a short term contract with Munster where they made two appearances for their ‘ A ' side in the British & Irish Cup last month . The former Ireland under-20 's player originally came through the Leinster academy system and made two Guinness PRO12 appearances at the beginning of the 2014/15 season .
The Connacht coaching team have also boosted their options at midfield with the addition of 23-year-old Tom Farrell who joins from English Championship side Bedford Blues where they made 12 appearances this season . Having played with Lansdowne RFC , Farrell came through the Leinster Academy and also represented Ireland at under-19 and under-20 level . They joined up with their new teammates at the Sportsground on Monday and was today added to the European Rugby Champions Cup squad for the province .
24-year-old McCabe has also joined the province on loan from Munster Rugby and as cover for current front row injuries . The Cork-born prop impressed on a number of occasions for Munster ‘ A ' after making their B & I Cup debut in the 2015 quarter-final against Doncaster Knights . They made their senior debut in the Guinness PRO12 this season , coming on as a replacement against the Ospreys and a week later starting in the friendly against the Maori All Blacks at Thomond Park .
Yes , it has come to this – cops and Occupy protestors at one of the last major encampments in the United States are fighting over a kitchen sink .
Boston police moved in with heavy force on Thursday 's General Assembly meeting in Boston 's Dewey Square to remove a DIY grey-water sink intended to help Occupy Boston members wash their dishes and comply with sanitation requirements that the city says the encampment is violating .
[ bug id= '' occupy '' ] But the Boston cops who surround the Financial camp day and night enforce an embargo on anything durable entering the camp . So after Occupiers gang-rushed the 10-foot-long industrial sink into the camp Thursday night , the cops forced their way into the camp to remove the 'contraband . '
One officer guarded the sink , while they were surrounded by a cold and frustrated crowd chanting , `` Let us do the dishes ! ''
The protesters , whom the city has claimed are unable to maintain a healthy and safe area for the Occupy , have been frustrated in their attempts to comply with a Boston PD policy that designates everything that is n't clothing and food as `` construction material '' and bans it from entering the Occupy .
The Occupy Boston blog explained on Friday morning :
We are being blocked from replacing our tents with flame-retardant , winterized tents ; from adding stability to our fraying walkways ; and from protecting the health and safety of our community . Meanwhile , the city , the fire marshal , and the Board of Health testify that we must address these issues . We 're still figuring out how to make sense of this .
Protestors linked arms and surrounded the sink to block police from removing it , using the people 's mic to ask the police to cite the law they were enforcing . The officers remained silent – except for calling for backup , which soon appeared in abundance .
Special operations officers marched in and lifted the industrial-sized sink over the heads of seated protesters , then rushed it back out to the street where they loaded it in a police transport vehicle . The sink proved about two feet too long for the truck , and remained so , despite the repeated shoving of several officers .
Protestors , routed at the camp , ran into the street ahead of the police . They regrouped and locked arms in front of the truck as it tried to leave . While two officers guarded the still-dangling sink , other police formed a line arm-to-arm in front of the truck , resulting in a face-off .
Eventually , protestors relented and let the truck leave .
One man was arrested for assaulting a police officer , and the camp medics aided a woman who reported by that she 'd been struck by a police van , and appeared to have a dislocated knee . They were taken from the scene by ambulance .
Boston mayor Thomas Menino gave a visibly agitated interview on the subject to local news Friday morning .
`` I 'm not going to allow them to put up a kitchen sink in the occupied area of the city of Boston , '' Menino said . `` It 's beyond their rights . We 'll let them stay there ; we 're not going to have them build a new town there . ''
Mayor Menino and the Boston PD continue , for the moment , to `` let them stay there '' by generously obeying a restraining order issued against them by the Suffolk Superior Court that 's in effect until at least Dec. 15 .
This post is part of a special series from Quinn Norton , who is embedding with Occupy protestors and going beyond the headlines with Anonymous for Wired.com . For an introduction to the series , read Quinn 's description of the project .
Photos : Quinn Norton/Wired
Nonconservative Groups Say IRS Scrutinized Them , Too
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
The IRS was in the hot seat Friday , with its outgoing acting commissioner testifying before a House committee . A Senate panel is scheduled for Tuesday . Congress is prodding to find out why the agency singled out conservative groups for special scrutiny .
Attention has focused on the IRS ' flagging of these groups starting in 2010 . But some liberal groups and journalism organizations say their applications for tax-exempt status also faced long delays and were closely scrutinized during the same period .
The year 2010 began a busy period for the IRS office in Cincinnati , the home of the tax-exempt determinations unit . That January , the Supreme Court handed down its Citizens United decision , which loosened the rules governing contributions to political causes and candidates . Applications flooded in to the office from groups seeking tax-exempt status , many with a political agenda .
The IRS has admitted it flagged applications from groups with `` Tea Party '' or `` Patriot '' in their names . But applications from other groups were closely scrutinized as well .
An Austin , Texas-based progressive group , Progress Texas , was one of them . Its executive director , Ed Espinoza , says it took almost a year and a half for the IRS to review the application from their organization . The process included answering a detailed questionnaire .
`` It was nine pages and 21 questions , and inside those 21 questions , there were additional questions , '' Espinoza says . `` So it was fairly extensive , and it was fairly thorough . ''
In 2010 , some 1,700 applications for 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) tax-exempt status came into the Cincinnati office . That number nearly doubled by 2012 . Yet according to the IRS Inspector General 's report , just one person was originally given the task of sifting through the applications deemed politically sensitive . Marcus Owens , a former IRS official , says that 's a lot of work for one staffer .
`` These were applications that were identified because they were likely to have issues that were complex , which means that they were going to take more time , '' Owens says . `` So it seems like that would be more than one person could easily handle . ''
Another application that seemingly got caught up in the backlog came from a group of journalists in Chicago . The Chicago News Cooperative provided news for the Midwest edition of The New York Times . The co-op also sought tax-exempt status . Veteran journalist James O'Shea , a former managing editor of The Chicago Tribune , was in charge .
`` There were political organizations trying to get these exemptions , and I think the IRS was concerned — and probably appropriately so — that some of these news organizations were really political organizations , '' they say , `` and so they were examining that , and we just got caught up in that . ''
For more than two years , the Chicago News Cooperative waited for an IRS ruling . But without tax-exempt status , foundation support dried up , and the cooperative went out of business .
Progress Texas did eventually get its tax-exempt status . Espinoza says they have no trouble with the scrutiny their organization underwent .
`` Look , if you want a tax exemption , you 've got to jump through some hoops , '' they say . `` You need to be able to demonstrate that what you 're doing is legitimately a tax-exempt activity , and that 's what we saw it as . ''
There 's no sign the backlog of applications for tax-exempt status at the IRS has eased . Owens , now a tax lawyer in Washington , says according to the IRS website , the agency is now looking at applications made in March of last year . That means there are some 20,000 applications still in the queue .
Glenmark Generics recalled seven lots of generic birth control pills because of a packaging error . ( FDA )
Less than one month after Pfizer recalled nearly 1 million packages of faulty birth control pills , Glenmark Generics has recalled its version of the oral contraceptives because of a packaging error that landed the pills in the wrong order .
The India-based drug company has warned that seven lots of generic norgestimate and ethinyl estradiol tablets distributed to U.S. pharmacies between Sept. 21 and Dec. 30 , 2011 , `` could leave women without adequate contraception , and at risk for unintended pregnancy . ''
`` Select blisters were rotated 180 degrees within the card , reversing the weekly tablet orientation and making the lot number and expiry date visible only on the outer pouch , '' the company said in a statement released Friday , explaining the packaging error .
The correct packaging aligns 28 tablets in four rows , with the white tablets containing norgestimate and ethinyl estradiol in the top row and light green placebo tablets in the bottom row .
The affected lot numbers are 04110101 , 04110106 , 04110107 , 04110114 , 04110124 , 04110129 and 04110134 .
`` Patients who have the affected product should notify their physician and return the product to the pharmacy '' and `` begin using a nonhormonal form of contraception immediately , '' the company said .
After bootstrapping a new project ( by running yarn create react-app ) , you will need to install Relay 's run-time and dev dependencies :
$ yarn add relay-runtime react-relay
$ yarn add relay-compiler babel-plugin-relay -- dev
Next , create “ setup.js ” file in the root of your project with the following contents :
const fs = require ( 'fs ' ) ;
const path = require ( 'path ' ) ;
const file = path.resolve ( './node_modules/babel-preset-react-app/index.js ' ) ;
const text = fs.readFileSync ( file , 'utf8 ' ) ;
if ( ! text.includes ( 'babel-plugin-relay ' ) ) {
if ( text.includes ( 'const plugins = [ ' ) ) {
text = text.replace (
'const plugins = [ ' ,
`` const plugins = [
require.resolve ( 'babel-plugin-relay ' ) , '' ,
) ;
fs.writeFileSync ( file , text , 'utf8 ' ) ;
} else {
throw new Error ( ` Failed to inject babel-plugin-relay. ` ) ;
}
}
Finally , update the “ scripts ” section in package.json file to run this script before react-scripts < command > :
`` scripts '' : {
`` build '' : `` node ./setup & & react-scripts build '' ,
`` test '' : `` node ./setup & & react-scripts test -- env=jsdom '' ,
`` start '' : `` node ./setup & & react-scripts start ''
}
Now , whenever you run yarn build , yarn test , or yarn start the Babel compiler will use “ babel-plugin-relay ” as required by Relay Modern .
Configuring Relay Compiler
The next step is to configure Relay Compiler , the purpose of which is to find all the graphql ` … ` queries in your code , pre-compile them and save to __generated__/ * .graphq.js files consumed by “ babel-plugin-relay ” from the previous step .
In order to do so , first , you need to save the text-based representation of your GraphQL schema into a file inside of your project , assuming that your React app is intended to work with some external GraphQL API . And then add one more npm script into package.json that will run relay-compiler . It may look something like this :
For this exercise , we are going to use an existing GraphQL demo API hosted at https : //graphql-demo.kriasoft.com ( source code ) .
Before you can run yarn relay , make sure that you have Facebook 's Watchman tool installed on you dev machine .
Now , whenever you change some GraphQL/Relay query in your code , you would need to run yarn relay over again , or keep it running in a separate shell window in watch mode by running yarn relay -- -- watch .
Q : Do I need to excluded generated by Relay Compiler files from my source control by appending __generate__/ * * to .gitignore ?
A : Good question : ) Yes , as a rule of thumb you do n't want any auto-generated files in your source code repository .
Try putting the following piece of code into any of your source files ( e.g . into src/index.js ) and running yarn relay & & yarn build :
import { graphql } from 'relay-runtime ' ;
graphql ` query { me { displayName } } ` ;
If you can build the project without any errors , most likely that the previous two steps are done correctly .
How to initialize a Relay client ( environment ) ?
This part is simple , just follow the official docs . Your Relay client ( environment ) will look something like this ( src/relay.js ) :
You can even use it directly without “ react-relay ” package if you want to . Here is an example :
import { graphql , fetchQuery } from 'relay-runtime ' ;
import relay from './relay ' ;
fetchQuery (
relay ,
graphql ` query { me { displayName } } `
) .then ( ... ) ;
In a real-world project , you would need to replace the hardcoded API URL in the code sample above with something like this :
fetch ( process.env.REACT_APP_API || 'http : //localhost:8080 ' , ... )
.. so you could easily run your app in dev/test/prod environments . For more information about injecting environment variables into your app , refer to Create React App user guide .
How to use < QueryRenderer / > component
Relay Modern comes with a handy < QueryRenderer / > component that you can use at the top level of your app , somewhat similarly to Redux 's < Provider > component . It will pass Relay 's environment ( including Relay store and HTTP client ) down to all the children React components via context . Also it will handle updates for you , so you wo n't need to re-render your components manually after running mutations .
The logic looks like this — whenever a user opens your site , or navigates from one page / screen to another , you find the corresponding GraphQL query and a list of parameters ( variables ) for that page , pass it to < QueryRenderer > and let it do the job ( it will fetch missing data and re-render affected children component ) .
Your top-level React component ( src/App ) will look something like this :
The code sample above uses “ history ” npm module for navigation and “ universal-router ” for resolving URL path to a route . The contents of src/history.js looks as follows :
import createHistory from 'history/createBrowserHistory ' ;
export default createHistory ( ) ;
It is a cross-browser wrapper around HTML5 History API , that allows you to respond to any changes caused by changes in window.location initiated on the client-side , as well as modifying that state , e.g . by calling history.push ( .. ) .
The contents of src/router.js is a little bit more interesting . Given the list of application routes and a global router handler function , it initializes and exports an instance of the universal-router class .
BTW , in case with GraphQL/Relay it makes sense to use declarative routing approach ( as opposed to imperative routes ) , meaning that all your routes contain just metadata and no handlers . At a bare minimum , each of your route can contain a URL path string ( pattern ) , GraphQL query , and component to render , for example :
const routes = [
{
path : '/posts/ : id ' ,
query : graphql ` query routeStoryQuery ( $ id : ID ! ) {
post : node ( id : $ id ) { ... Post_post }
} ` ,
component : ( ) = >
import ( / * webpackChunkName : 'post ' * / , './Post ' )
} ,
...
]
Now you can initialize the router by providing the list of routes and a global router handler ( resolver ) function , somewhat similar to this :
import Router from 'universal-router ' ;
import { graphql } from 'relay-runtime ' ;
const routes = [ ... ] ; // see above
export default new Router ( routes , {
resolveRoute ( { route , next } , params ) {
if ( ! route.component ) next ( ) ;
return {
query : route.query ,
component : route.component ( ) ,
variables : params ,
} ;
}
} ) ;
You would need to tweak this example a little to cover more use cases . The idea is that when the corresponding route is found ( URL matched ) , it should start downloading the JavaScript chunk for that page / screen and at the same time pass query and variables to QueryRenderer ( see src/App example above ) , effectively triggering data fetching for that route . The only issue , is that when QueryRenderer has finished fetching data , you need to make sure that async chunk loading has also finished its work ( promise resolve ) before you can render the page , for that purpose you use an intermediate ( AppRenderer ) component .
You can put as much or as little metadata in your routes to suite your app , for example , you can put authentication rules like so :
{
path : '/admin/users ' ,
query : graphql ` ... ` ,
component : ( ) = > ... ,
authorize : { roles : [ 'admin ' ] } // or , `` authorize : true '' etc .
}
With GraphQL / Relay you may want to fetch data for all of your components on a particular page / screen at once ( as opposed to fetching data individually for each nested level of components ) , otherwise you would degrade the value of GraphQL a little .
This post is also available in : Français
I felt I needed to write a response to an article on Ecorazzi called “ If you are on a plant based diet , stop calling yourself vegan ! ”
The title , and especially the exclamation mark , made me almost physically unwell ( I 'm only exaggerating a little bit here ) . As far as titles go , it kind of says it all . Probably the author has the best intentions ( though they may be unpure , like with all of us ) , but this way of thinking and communicating is so unproductive and so damaging , I just do n't know where to start .
The author believes that the health vegans – which obviously they do n't want to call vegans but rather plant-based people or something – are “ hijacking ” the vegan movement . They want to kind of forbid health vegans to call themselves vegan . Apart from the fact that telling people not to use a word is kind of annoying and nasty , it is also very unproductive to ostracize health vegans from “ our club ” .
I 've written much more on this , but just very briefly : demand for vegan products , whatever the motivation behind that demand , will raise the choice in vegan products . Vegan eating thus becomes easier , our dependence on animal products decreases , and it becomes way easier to care about ethics when people feel they do n't have much to lose anymore . The health vegans are actually among the people who are the easiest to target with an ethical message . Indeed , many “ ethical vegans ” ( I dislike the term ) started out as health vegans .
At the risk of overanalyzing , here 's an explanation for the kind of exclusive behavior and communication that we read in said article . This is from a psychology textbook . I 'll leave it to you to see if it can somehow apply . Keep in mind the “ ethical vegans ” vs. “ health vegans ” dichtotomy when you read it .
“ People like to be seen in terms of identities important to them . Being seen in terms of other identities , especially erroneous ones , can evoke “ categorization threat “ . We also do not like it when another group is so similar to ours , because it undermines the very essence of what our group is that makes us different and special . In other words we tend to be most sensitive when the other group actually is similar to our own ( … ) . Groups that are too similar to our own can therefore threaten the unique identity of the group : “ distinctiveness threat “ . Some have even argued that having a distinctive group identity is even more fundamental than avoiding a negative one. ” *
Sound familiar ?
I had this thought : in the end , I might get so disappointed with vegans and veganism , that I ( a vegan for the animals ) , would refrain from using it altogether ( some people say I should anyway , as I do some unvegan things ! ) . Kind of like The Animalist is saying here . But the problem is , then the only people using the word vegan will be the more fundamentalist ones , and we 'd have to start all over again with a new word . So I guess I 'm not ready to give up on the word vegan yet , and rather be one more person who uses it in a rational , compassionate , positive and inclusive way . Want to join me ?
* Hewstone , M. Stroebe , W. & Jonas , K ( 2012 ) , An introduction to social psychology . Oxford , UK : Blackwell . ( 5th edn . )
Phil Lesh and Friends
July 19 , 2012
All Good Music Festival
Legend Valley
Thornville , Ohio
source : Neumann km184 > V2 > Sony PCM-M10
transfer : microSD > USB > Samplitutde 11 ( 16/44.1 ) > cdWave > FLAC
recorded/transfered by Rob Clarke robclarke.km184 -at- gmail.com
disc 1 :
01 . Jam
02 . Truckin '
03 . Deal
04 . Chest Fever
05 . Big River
06 . Peggy-O
07 . Long Black Veil
08 . Keep Your Lamps Trimmed and Burning
09 . Mississippi Half Step
disc 2 :
01 . New Speedway Boogie
02 . Casey Jones
03 . Viola Lee Blues - >
04 . Folsom Prison Blues - >
05 . Viola Lee Blues - >
06 . Bertha >
07 . Viola Lee Blues
08 . Sugaree
09. encore break/donor rap
10 . Goin ' Down the Road Feeling Bad
11 . And We Bid You Goodnight
Lineup :
Phil Lesh
Brian Lesh
Grahame Lesh
Larry Campbell
Teresa Williams
Jackie Greene
Joe Russo
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : Dylan M - - August 3 , 2012
Subject : Chest Fever Larry and Teresa sound great on it . Cool cover .
- August 3 , 2012Chest Fever
Reviewer : ascheylus - favorite favorite favorite - July 31 , 2012
Subject : spectacular Phil & Friends blew the heads out of the water at Buckeye Lake . This was a fantastic show & what I needed ohhhhh sooooo baaaaaadddd ... Thanks Phil , the recording brings tears to my eyes . - July 31 , 2012spectacular
Reviewer : YonderMtnMan - favorite favorite favorite - July 29 , 2012
Subject : One More Thursday Night ! ! ! ! Agree with the BELOW ( mmhmmm ) . Anyone hating on the lesh fam band , listen to this show . AMAZING ... Thank you for posting . God Bless Tapers , Keep On Goin Yall ! - July 29 , 2012One More Thursday Night ! ! ! !
Intended audience
IDAPython developers who enjoy the occasional headache , leaky abstraction enthousiasts , or simply the curious .
TL ; DR
IDAPython wraps C++ types , and the lifecycle of C++ objects ( and in particular members of larger objects ) is not necessarily the same as that of the Python wrapper object that is wrapping it .
The problem
One of our users reported IDA crashes when an IDAPython script of theirs . The user came up with a very simple way to reproduce the issue ( thank you ! ) , showing that this had to do with accessing the parents member of a ida_hexrays.ctree_visitor_t instance .
Here is ( an even more simplified version of ) the script the user sent us :
from ida_hexrays import * my_parents = None class my_visitor_t ( ctree_visitor_t ) : def __init__ ( self , func ) : ctree_visitor_t.__init__ ( self , CV_PARENTS ) def visit_expr ( self , i ) : global my_parents if self.parents is not None : my_parents = self.parents return 0 def my_cb ( event , * args ) : if event == hxe_print_func : f = args [ 0 ] my_visitor_t ( f ) .apply_to ( f.body , None ) import gc gc.collect ( ) my_parents.front ( ) # will crash return 0 install_hexrays_callback ( my_cb )
Note : I threw a gc.collect ( ) in there , to make crashes more likely .
The script above is provided in its entirety for the sake of completeness , but really the important lines are only the following :
def visit_expr ( self , i ) : global my_parents if self.parents is not None : my_parents = self.parents ( ... ) my_visitor_t ( f ) .apply_to ( f.body , None ) my_parents.front ( ) # will crash
Details , details , details
Since this issue is non-trivial , I 'll try and provide a step-by-step explanation , hopefully as clear as can be , by annotating the important lines of code mentioned above :
my_visitor_t ( f )
Create a my_visitor_t instance . That is a subclass of the ctree_visitor_t type , which means it eventually extends a C++ object of type ctree_visitor_t .
When the underlying C++ ctree_visitor_t object is created , its member named parents ( a ctree_items_t vector ) is initialized . For the sake of the example , let 's say the C++ ctree_visitor_t instance is located at memory 0x1000 and the parents member is placed at memory 0x100C .
.apply_to ( f.body , None )
Call ctree_visitor_t : :apply_to . Thanks to SWiG “ magic ” , C++ virtual method calls will be properly redirected and our my_visitor_t.visit_expr method will be called for each cexpr_t in the tree , as expected .
if self.parents is not None :
Access self.parents . This will create a Python wrapper object . The key here is to understand that it 's a wrapper object which is backed by the real , C++ ctree_items_t instance .
For example , any access to the object returned by self.parents , will in fact translate to access into the C++ ctree_items_t vector , so if one were to write , e.g. , self.parents.size ( ) ( or even len ( self.parents ) ) , it 's actually the real underlying C++ ctree_items_t instance 's size ( ) method that will end up being called .
my_parents = self.parents
Another access to self.parents , and another Python wrapper will be created ( once again backed by the actual ctree_items_t vector )
[ Note : the fact that another wrapper is created is not a problem ( in fact since it went out of scope , the previous wrapper might already have been garbage collected ! ) ]
Once again , for the sake of the example , let 's say the wrapping PyObject instance is placed in memory , at 0xB000 .
That wrapper is then bound to the global variable my_parents , causing its python refcount to increase to 2 . Past that line , the refcount will drop back to 1 ( again , because of scope logic ) , which means that Python wrapper object will remain alive .
[ ... apply_to ( ) returns , and we are now back to the ` my_cb ` function ... ]
At this point , it 's likely my_visitor_t ( f ) has just been garbage collected since nobody keeps a reference to it .
That means :
the my_visitor_t instance has been destroyed , which means
instance has been destroyed , which means the underlying ctree_visitor_t C++ object located at memory 0x1000 has been deleted , which in turn means
C++ object located at memory has been deleted , which in turn means its parents object , which was located at memory 0x100C , is now invalid my_parents.front ( )
We are now calling front ( ) on the my_parents Python object . If you recall , that my_parents object is a Python wrapper object located in memory at 0xB000 . That wrapper object still has a refcount of ( at least ) 1 , and is thus alive .
What is not quite alive anymore , however , is the actual C++ ctree_items_t vector , which was deleted as part of deleting the C++ ctree_visitor_t it belonged to .
In other words , we have a perfectly valid Python wrapper object , that has a dangling pointer to a member of a freshly-deleted C++ object .
The solution
The solution is , in terms of effort , rather simple : make a copy of the vector :
- my_parents = self.parents + my_parents = ctree_items_t ( self.parents )
After one of those town hall events where Republican presidential contender Jeb Bush tries to prove he 's not a “ low energy person ” by acting like a desperate camp counselor trying to excite a bunch of kids who are smarter than him , Bush told reporters that grandstanding , leftwing Univision anchor Jorge Ramos should have been “ treated with a little more respect ” by Donald Trump .
Trump , the current Republican frontrunner ( by a mile ) had Ramos removed from a press conference Tuesday night after the leftwing activist became hysterical . Without being called on , Ramos stood up and started heckling the billionaire business person . Trump , who kept their composure throughout , repeatedly tried to cool The Sell-Out down , but they just kept yelling .
After Ramos was removed and calmed down , Trump allowed the activist back in and took two rounds of questions from emotionally unstable Univision anchor .
Bush siding with Ramos after this display is yet another sign of the former-Florida Governor 's disturbing habit of pandering to the amnesty crowd .
Pandering to the media is Jeb making the same mistake John McCain did .
Bush is shockingly naïve and will spend all of the general election campaign appearing unsure and caught off guard if they think that after winning the nomination Ramos wo n't turn on them like a junkyard dog .
Pandering to the media makes Republicans look weak , like the opposite of what America wants in their president .
Strength wins elections . Strength is a display of competence .
“ If Bush does n't have the sand to stand up to the likes of a Jorge Ramos , how will they stand up to Putin ? ” That 's the question voters ask themselves before they vote for the other guy .
Bush siding with Ramos is reminiscent of Chris Christie hugging it out with President Obama .
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @ NolteNC
Astronomers have constructed the first map of the Universe based on the positions of supermassive black holes , which reveals the large-scale structure of the Universe .
The map precisely measures the expansion history of the Universe back to when the Universe was less than three billion years old . It will help improve our understanding of ‘ Dark Energy ' , the unknown process that is causing the Universe 's expansion to speed up .
The map was created by scientists from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) , an international collaboration including astronomers from the University of Portsmouth .
As part of the SDSS Extended Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey ( eBOSS ) , scientists measured the positions of quasars – extremely bright discs of matter swirling around supermassive black holes at the centres of distant galaxies . The light reaching us from these objects left at a time when the Universe was between three and seven billion years old , long before the Earth even existed .
The map findings confirm the standard model of cosmology that researchers have built over the last 20 years . In this model , the Universe follows the predictions of Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity but includes components that , while we can measure their effects , we do not understand what is causing them .
Along with the ordinary matter that makes up stars and galaxies , Dark Energy is the dominant component at the present time , and it has special properties that mean that it causes the expansion of the Universe to speed up .
Will Percival , Professor of Cosmology at the University of Portsmouth , who is the eBOSS survey scientist said : “ Even though we understand how gravity works , we still do not understand everything – there is still the question of what exactly Dark Energy is . We would like to understand Dark Energy further . Not with alternative facts , but with the scientific truth , and surveys such as eBOSS are helping us to build up our understanding of the Universe . ”
To make the map , scientists used the Sloan telescope to observe more than 147,000 quasars . These observations gave the team the quasars ' distances , which they used to create a three-dimensional map of where the quasars are .
But to use the map to understand the expansion history of the Universe , astronomers had to go a step further and measure the imprint of sound waves , known as baryon acoustic oscillations ( BAOs ) , travelling in the early Universe . These sound waves travelled when the Universe was much hotter and denser than the Universe we see today . When the Universe was 380,000 years old , conditions changed suddenly and the sound waves became ‘ frozen ' in place . These frozen waves are left imprinted in the three-dimensional structure of the Universe we see today .
Using the new map , the observed size of the BAO can be used as a ‘ standard ruler ' to measure distances in our universe . “ You have metres for small units of length , kilometres or miles for distances between cities , and we have the BAO for distances between galaxies and quasars in cosmology , ” explained Pauline Zarrouk , a PhD student at the Irfu/CEA , University Paris-Saclay , who measured the distribution of the observed size of the BAO .
The current results cover a range of times where they have never been observed before , measuring the conditions when the Universe was only three to seven billion years old , more than two billion years before the Earth formed .
The eBOSS experiment continues using the Sloan Telescope , at Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico , USA , observing more quasars and nearer galaxies , increasing the size of the map produced . After it is complete , a new generation of sky surveys will begin , including the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument ( DESI ) and the European Space Agency Euclid satellite mission . These will increase the fidelity of the maps by a factor of ten compared with eBOSS , revealing the Universe and Dark Energy in unprecedented detail .
Sakshi Malik ended India 's long wait for a medal at Rio 2016 Olympics when they won a bronze in the women 's wrestling 58kg category on the 12th day of the Summer Games . The win is set to make the Rohtak girl richer than plenty of cash rewards are set to come them away . As things stand , an inflow of more than Rs 2.5 crore is on the cards . Here 's how :
Advertising
# Haryana government has promised a bumper bonus for medallists . Rs 6 crore for gold , Rs 4 crore for silver and Rs 2 crore for bronze . In addition to this , land in the state .
# Railways had promised a cash reward of Rs 1 crore for gold medallist , Rs 75 lakh for silver medallist and Rs 50 lakh for bronze medallist . Malik is employed with Railways and is set get Rs 50 lakh from them .
# At a meeting with the managers and coaches of the teams , the IOA top brass comprising president N Ramachandran and secretary general Rajeev Mehta , it was earlier announced that the national Olympic body for the first time would award Rs 50 lakh for a gold medal , Rs 30 lakh for silver and Rs 20 lakh for bronze .
In addition , the coaches will be awarded an equivalent of 50 per cent of the amount that the athletes receive . So , a gold-winning athlete would receive Rs . 50 lakh , while their or their coach would receive Rs . 25 lakh and so on .
Ramachandran said , “ this is the first time we are doing it and we hope that this will form an additional incentive for the athletes and we are looking at a higher than ever medal haul ” .
Advertising
# Salman Khan has also promised a cheque of Rs 1,01,000 for the athletes
# JSW to give the bronze medallist Rs 15 lakhs
Reviews ( 31 ) Write a Review
Enhanced Blue Day blade Very bright , evenly lit the length of blade . Was very impressed with this blade . I own day blades from other sellers and they are n't half as nice as this , even with doing my own dual diffusion . I wo n't be buying blades from anywhere but VV again , and will be rebuying colors I 've purchased elsewhere previously .
Enhanced Day blade ( blue ) The brightest , most evenly lit blade you can get in my opinion . Wo n't be disappointed .
Just speechless This blade goes with my saber perfectly . Basically all of my colors are a shade of blue , green , or purple . Except for my red , orange and my 2 different whites but this blade reacts with all of them and makes near perfect color blends ! This might be the only blade I bring with me to cons . Simply stunning . Awesome job vaders vault ! !
Brightest blade you can get Period . Just make sure the cellophane does n't fall out or get crinkled .
Fantastic Blades The blades are fantastic . Super bright even outdoors . Have done plenty of controlled sparring with them , well balanced and strong .
BEST Blade Ever Wow the blade is very bright and I love it thank you vaders vault
excelent quality I love my enhanced day blade ! It is the closest you can get to the glorious green photon blade .
Enhanced Day Blade Blue I ordered this as a backup blade , so I can use my original normal blade for sparring practice to allow for scratches , wear & tear , and use this one for display and cosplay . The blade is amazing to see during day times and even better at night , it 's a great visual blade without having to turn on my lightsaber but also makes my lightsaber so much better when it is turned on . A lightsaber is a great item to show off on its own , but the blade is just as important for a true STAR WARS fan , this blade makes all the difference . It 's a great investment and the creators/sellers were so kind , I originally ordered the normal day blade before I noticed this enhanced version , I got in touch asking if I could cancel and re-order as my credit card already processed the transaction , they made it so simple just to pay the extra difference in pricing which made things so much faster & easier . I am extremely grateful for there speedy response and there politeness .
Red Enhanced Day Blade = karking awesome So I 've got a red saber with yellow flash on clash , and I wanted a day blade that would blatantly scream `` yo , Sith on the loose '' when the saber was powered down , but not drown out the flash on clash when the saber was activated and being brandished in a menacing and/or dramatic fashion , as Sith Lords tend to do . The red enhanced day blade is absolutely perfect . It 's slightly paler in color than the regular red day blade when the saber is off , but it still looks awesome ( I was worried it would look pink or orange - it does NOT , it is very much red ) , and when the saber is activated , it intensifies the red light without muting or hiding the contrasting FOC . I absolutely love this blade , and I highly recommend it to anyone who 's going to be in a situation where you 'll be spending some time with your saber powered down , and other times lighting it up and wanting to still have the full range of whatever fancy pants light tricks you 've got programmed in . And yes , this thing works and looks excellent with any saber that takes standard sized blades . I ca n't wait to go show this off at my next nerdy costumed event .
With the LCS in full swing again , I recently had a chance to talk to Jordan 'Patoy ' Blackburn about the team 's performance , how they think the competition stands up , and they shed a little insight onto their support play .
Patoy you 've just come off of the first week of LCS having gone 2-3 . What were you expecting , and what is team planning to work on going into next week ?
Patoy : I was expecting 2-3 or 3-2 due to our team having to relearn the game , we 're far from where we were before the split and we have to work hard to back back on top .
In your game against Cloud 9 you pulled off a flawless level one , setting up lane swaps and taking complete control of the enemy jungle , yet C9 pulled it together and took the game off you . Why do you think they came out ahead ?
Patoy : We had really a bad follow up to the way they played and ended up just losing everything .
Cloud 9 went 5-0 this week , taking down many top teams from last split . Is it beginner 's luck , or do you think they will be able to maintain this momentum ?
Patoy : I do n't think Cloud 9 can maintain it . They 're a good team but it 's obvious in my eyes that it 's more that every other team is playing worse than they did months ago .
So now we 've had some time to see the new CLG roster in competitive play , how do you think their new team stands up with Chauser on Support now ?
Patoy : Chauster 's play coming back to support is lacking as expected , but I think they will be fine given the time .
Janna has started to spike in popularity . They have been a rare pick so far in Season 3 , but Week 1 of this split they were one of the most popular supports played . What do you think of Janna , and why are we seeing so much of her ?
Patoy : Janna has become popular alongside the popularity of Kennen , it 's a simple concept that Janna can ulti away Kennen in teamfights , and everybody loves Janna 's passive .
What did you think of the Allstar games ? Many of the asian teams had impressive performances , are there any particular players that stand out to you , or any you look up to ?
Patoy : I 'm suprised Korea actually beat China as handedly as they did . I see the way China played team fights and I was EXTREMELY impressed , but Korea just outclassed them before any teamfights happened . No specific player stood out to me though , everybody made their separate great plays .
Your champion pool is one of the wider ones for a Support player in the LCS.What advantages does this bring over a player who just works on mastering a small core of champions ?
Patoy : Having a small champion pool can be extremely bad , unless it 's the holy trinity of supports , Lulu , Sona and Thresh , since they 're so versatile and great for almost all small plays in the game . Having a big champion pool is great because other teams know they ca n't tunnel onto a specific strategy . For example a poke comp could be at risk of the support player countering it with a hard engage champion . It also opens up the option of taking the enemy by surprise with an unexpected pick .
Now that your team has been settled into a gaming house , what is it like living with the team ? Who is your favorite person to live with ?
Patoy : It 's exactly what I expected . Everybody is a mess and everything is always dirty .
Many members of your team have become pretty popular streamers , do you have any plans to stream ?
Patoy : I might possibly stream , who knows .
Patoy you 've been with the team a long time , but you 're always very quiet and reserved so I just want to ask a few questions to get to know you better . How did you get started playing League ?
Patoy : I was an old WoW player and I ended up switching over after some friends invited me .
What 's your favorite champion ?
Patoy : Alistar and Zyra are my favorites .
What kind of music do you like to listen to ? Do you have a favorite band ?
Patoy : I listen to Electro , House , Rap , DnB and pop .
Thanks for taking the time to talk to me Patoy , and good luck this week in the LCS ! Follow Patoy on Twitter @ Patoylol
GAINESVILLE , Fla. -- Another Mississippi State staffer will reportedly join the Florida staff under Dan Mullen .
FootballScoop.com reports that assistant athletic director for football operations Jon Clark will be joining Mullen with the Gators .
Mullen has brought several staffers from their Bulldogs days , including four on-the-field assistant coaches ( three officially , so far ) and their director of recruiting operations .
That Mullen has brought so many of their former coworkers from their Mississippi State days should afford Florida some continuity and ease the transition in terms of recruiting and direction as the Gators move forward into the Mullen era .
Some of the moves will likely not be finalized until after bowl season , with the Bulldogs taking part in the TaxSlayer Bowl on Dec. 30 .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
For more news on Florida sports and recruiting , follow GatorBait247 on Twitter or sign up for our FREE daily Gators newsletter !
Contact Thomas Goldkamp by 247Sports ' personal messaging system or on Twitter at @ ThomasGoldkamp .
Robots are like mechanical butlers , right ?
Not anymore . Some machines are programmed to simply respond to our whims , like the excruciatingly named “ Botler ” roaming the halls of a Silicon Valley hotel , but these days more attention is focused on robots which we can talk to , socialise with and live alongside . Robots that understand us emotionally could look after us when we 're old , for instance . Europe is expected to reach a 2:1 ratio of workers to pensioners by 2060 which is partly why many are looking to robots to help an ageing population cope .
What 's more , commercial social robots like Jibo are being marketed as “ one of the family ” and offer to make dealing with household tasks and personal goals more pleasurable . Jibo is designed to lie somewhere between your butler and a sibling . Its creator , social roboticist Cynthia Breazeal , says this is crucial . “ What we 've found in many cases is that people do better with social robots than they do with flat-screen devices . They learn better , for example , or they 're more successful with their weight management programme , ” they explain .
Social robots may even find a role in institutional settings , helping prisoners “ re-socialise ” themselves during rehabilitation schemes . This has been achieved for years with prisoner pet partnership programs , but robots might be even better at the job .
OK , so they want to be our friends . They 're still pretty dumb , though .
Compared with human intelligence , yes , robots remain limited . But social robot designers have learned how to compensate for that . Some of that comes from including toy-inspired attributes which appeal to our emotions .
Jibo , for example , has been likened to the anthropomorphised Pixar lamp and Breazeal confirms that some design cues were taken from Disney animation , which is characteristically very good at capturing emotional meaning through motion .
Aside from all of that , robots have simply got better at managing our expectations . If you say something that Jibo does n't understand for instance , it wo n't bark back at you an order to repeat your request , but express via a series of non-verbal beeps and boops that it 's having trouble . Besides , there are many applications for social robots which do n't require a fully-fledged AI anyway . Consider the “ Moti ” , a whirring robot ball which has been used to entertain and engage autistic children .
So everything 's going to be great , then ?
Well , maybe… But there might be some issues with welcoming an army of social robots into our world . For example , while a few robots have been designed specifically to help us explore and deepen emotional responses like empathy , researchers like Kate Darling at the MIT Media Lab worries that if other robots are n't good at provoking that kind of reaction , they might actually achieve the opposite effect and encourage violent or unfeeling behaviour .
“ If you 're mistreating something or exhibiting certain types of sexual behaviour towards objects that behave in a very lifelike way like social robots , ” they say , “ perhaps that could desensitise people to that kind of conduct in other contexts with living things or people. ” Robots could even be used by some as an opportunity to explore deviant behaviour .
Right… but at least social robots themselves wo n't be malicious , will they ?
Actually , they might be . In a paper , computer scientist Matthias Scheutz at Tufts University points out that the efficacy of social robots could one day be turned against us . “ If it turns out that humans are reliably more truthful with robots than they are with other humans , it will only be a matter of time before robots will interrogate humans , ” they comment .
And Darling , who sees many benefits in having social relationships with robots , also points out that robots might lure us into a false sense of privacy when in fact they 're recording our every word . “ What if your grandma has a robot they chat to all the time , giving it all this information that they would never enter into a database ? ” they ask .
And then there 's the possibility of social robots being hacked . A few years ago , a group of researchers finds a host of vulnerabilities in some common robots . “ With current and future household robots , third parties can have eyes , ears , and ‘ hands ' in your home , ” they wrote .
I for one welcome our new robot overlords . Er , not .
Do n't necessarily let all that put you off . Research into these issues has only just begun and individuals like Scheutz and Darling have provoked healthy debate already by suggesting things like changes to the law or drawing up a “ robot bill of rights ” . In addition , robot creators like Breazeal point out that a lot of these issues are far from exclusive to social robots . Security problems plague all kinds of networked devices and social or familial tensions might be attached to any item one introduces to the home – such as a games console that ends up being fought over by the kids .
It 's arguably more important that we simply learn to anticipate some of these problems rather than let them stifle innovation because , in the long-run , the potential benefits of social robots and machine companions may far outweigh the negatives .
Kate Darling and other roboticists will be talking about the future of robotics at our World-Changing Ideas Summit in New York on 21 October . BBC Future will be covering the event in full – so watch this space .
Exxon agrees to look into this whole climate change thing `` Companies need to acknowledge that preparing for a low-carbon future is a necessity , not a choice ''
Fossil fuel giant ExxonMobil has agreed to release a report showing how climate change , and the resulting limits on greenhouse gases , can pose a risk to the value of its assets , the company announced Thursday . It will be the first oil and gas producer to make such information public .
The move came after shareholders insisted that the future value of fossil fuel assets is a pretty big deal for them : `` Without additional disclosure , shareholders are unable to determine whether Exxon Mobil is adequately managing these risks or seizing related opportunities , '' they wrote in a resolution filed last fall .
Advertisement :
According to Exxon , `` the report will provide investors with greater transparency into how ExxonMobil plans for a future where market forces and climate regulation makes at least some portion of its carbon reserves unburnable . ''
The New York Times has more on the deal :
The agreement , announced on Thursday and made with the wealth management firm Arjuna Capital , which focuses on sustainability , and the shareholder advocacy group As You Sow , follows similar pledges from other companies . ... Arjuna , working with As You Sow , filed a shareholder resolution in the fall that it has withdrawn in exchange for the company 's publishing a report on its website by the end of the month , said [ As You Sow president Danielle ] Fugere and Natasha Lamb , director of equity research and shareholder engagement at Arjuna . Exxon has promised to show how it will assess the risks to its portfolio of limits that are consistent with President Obama 's goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050 . It also agreed to say how that low-carbon situation would affect its capital allocations and expenditures , and to explain why new fossil fuel reserves in which it invests are not at risk of losing value .
“ That the largest American oil and gas company is the first to come to the table on this issue says a lot about the direction that energy markets are taking , ” Fugere said . `` Companies need to acknowledge that preparing for a low-carbon future is a necessity , not a choice . ''
There must be something that causes Fredrik Gulbrandsen some anxiety , but the early impression they have given since joining the New York Red Bulls is that their default setting is `` unflappable '' .
They made their first appearance for RBNY less than 24 hours after landing in America . They described that experience as `` a little bit stressful but it was good to get my debut . ''
As they approached the end of their first week with the Red Bulls , they were quizzed by reporters after training about their thoughts on several subjects .
Further comment on that whirwind first day ?
`` It 's good to get started as soon as possible . Now I feel a little better , been training with the team and get to know the guys a little better - so yeah , ready to go . ''
Feelings about playing for a new team ? They got that question after their RBNY debut : `` Not so new because I played for Red Bull Salzburg before , but it was good to come on and to see the team and to see the guys play , it was good . ''
When a similar question was posed later in their first week with the team , they were still feeling more or less at home in the RBNY set-up : `` They are also a really high pressing team , they like to go high and to press high , so it is similar to what I am used to - so yeah , I think it 's easy for me to adapt to the team . ''
Thoughts on the travel demands of MLS as they ready to take a long flight to Seattle ?
`` It 's normal here , not so normal in Austria or in Norway ... but I think it 's going to be OK . It 's no problem . ''
Indoor practice on the New York Jets ' training field , market out for NFL play ?
`` A little confusing but it was a really nice facility and yeah , great - so everything was good . ''
How about why they joined RBNY at all ? A question that invited some comment on their fall from grace at Salzburg and any frustration at having to move teams to find minutes less than a year after joining the Austrian side of the Red Bull family .
Gulbrandsen did n't take the bait : `` The main reason was that it 's a team that fights for the championship and wants to win , and I also want to win . I want to come here to help the team to win and fight together with them . And I also had some good conversations with Jesse [ Marsch ] and they really wanted me here , and that was a good feeling for me to hear from him . So yeah - just fight and want to win things , that 's why I 'm here . ''
Perhaps they hope to revive their national team ambitions with a good stint in MLS ?
`` Maybe , I do n't think going to America has been a good thing for the national team , because I saw last year Ola Kamara , they did great in this league and they were not even called up now , so I do n't know . But that 's not what I 'm thinking about . The most important thing is to do well with the Red Bulls and we 'll see . ''
Despite ample opportunity to voice understandable frustration , nerves , or concerns - Fredrik Gulbrandsen gives the sense that they keep things simple . He 's a soccer player who wants to play soccer , winning soccer . Everything else is a detail that need not be distracting .
If anything , it seems most likely that if RBNY does n't keep them busy , he 'll settle in for a nap until called upon .
Fortunately , it appears RBNY intends to keep them busy . Head coach Jesse Marsch has already stated they think Gulbrandsen could start for their team as soon as the Sounders game on March 19 . They made that point again to reporters after the Red Bulls ' last training session before flying out to Seattle :
I think they fit in great and I think the transition will be almost immediate . We used them a little bit up top today with Brad on some things and it looked great . I think those two have real potential to be a good pairing , so we have a decision on whether we want to use them from the start or have them come off the bench . But I think now having them in a week of training , and even talking to them - I think they see a lot of similarities and I think again their integration will be pretty smooth . We 'll evaluate whether we use them from the start .
Fredrik Gulbrandsen is calm , confident , and ready to play . It looks like RBNY is ready to play him . And not just for a few minutes at the end of a lightly-attended home game as was their debut , but perhaps in a significant role at a packed and frenzied CenturyLink Field , where the crowd will be firmly behind its beloved Sounders and yet-to-win-in-2017 Seattle will seek to truly launch its MLS Cup defense with victory in its home opener .
Judging by their response to almost every question he 's been asked since they arrived at RBNY , that challenge will be just fine with Fredrik .
Unbelievable . A call to “ buy only from Muslims ” is not discriminatory ? Then is anything discriminatory at all ? If this is n't discriminatory , nothing is . But you can imagine the speed with which the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal would rule “ discrimination ” if Jews said “ Buy only from Jews ” or Christians said “ Buy only from Christians. ” But Jews and Christians would n't do that , and when Muslims do , they get the full support of the Canadian government . Trudeau is racing Canada down the path to total submission .
“ Ontario Human Rights Tribunal : ‘ Buy Only From Muslims ' Is Not Discriminatory , ” Center for Research of Radicalism and National Security , December 21 , 2017 :
The Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario ( HRTO ) says a complaint based on statements made by a Toronto imam urging Muslims to do business only with Muslims is outside the HRTO 's jurisdiction . In a December 11 , 2017 letter , HRTO informed the complainant Eric Stanley Brazau that “ a review of the Application and the narrative setting out the incidents of alleged discrimination falls to identify any specific acts of discrimination within the meaning of the Code allegedly committed by the respondent ( s ) ” . HRTO further informed Brazau that their Application “ does not appear to allege discrimination with respect to any of the social areas identified in the Code ( services , goods and facilities ; accommodations ( housing ) ; contracts ; employment ; membership in vocational associations ) . Brazau filed a complaint based on statements made by Imam Said Rageah at Abu Huraira Centre in Toronto , which they urged Muslims to hire only Muslims and do business only with Muslims . Rageah , who was born in Somalia and moved to North America in the late 80 's , holds a Bachelor degree in Islamic studies and a Masters degree in Sharia Law . Over the past several years , they served as the Chaplain the University of Calgary , the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology and as an imam at the Abu Huraira Mosque in Toronto . In a sermon uploaded to YouTube on February 8 , 2009 , Rageah called on Canadian Muslims to unite and translate their demography into a political and economic power which will enable Muslims to implement Sharia Law in their communities and change Canada 's foreign policy . Rageah spoke in favour of following the example of a Sikh neighbourhood in Edmonton , Alberta , by bringing the Muslim community to live together in one area in which the authorities will not be able to make any decisions without the approval of the Muslims . Rageah urge Muslims to hire only Muslim workers , to buy products or services only from Muslim-owned businesses and to avoid advertising with media outlets owned by kafirs ( infidels ) . This way , they maintained , Canadian Muslims will be able to strengthen themselves and live according to Islam. “ The day that I need a cab I should have a number of a Muslim cab it 's ok , pick me up… .
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this . Now , more than ever , people are reading Geller Report for news they wo n't get anywhere else . But advertising revenues have all but disappeared . Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us . Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts . But we wo n't put up a paywall . Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more . Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media wo n't . We can not do our ground-breaking report without your support . We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left 's war on freedom . Our readers ' contributions make that possible . Geller Report 's independent , investigative journalism takes a lot of time , money and hard work to produce . But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight , too . Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here .
Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best . Contribute Monthly - Choose One Subscriber : $ 18.00 USD - monthly Contributor : $ 36.00 USD - monthly Patron : $ 50.00 USD - monthly Silver member : $ 100.00 USD - monthly Gold member : $ 250.00 USD - monthly Platinum member : $ 500.00 USD - monthly
Though Wall Street has lost faith in the company 's future growth prospects over the past six months , Apple ( AAPL ) has launched a number of game-changers over the past decade . The iPhone turned the smartphone industry on its head , the iPad opened up a whole new category of consumer devices , and iOS itself forced a complete overhaul of the mobile computing experience . According to Forbes , however , Apple has stepped aside and top rival Samsung ( 005930 ) is now in the process of changing the game — but in a completely different way .
Samsung managed to create Apple-like hype ahead of its recent Galaxy S4 unveiling , but Forbes contributor Adam Hartung does n't believe Samsung 's wildly popular smartphones are game-changers . The company 's tablets have been far less successful than its smartphones , so they have n't changed the game either . None of Samsung 's products and services are driving this new shift in the market , Hartung suggests — instead , it 's Samsung 's massive marketing and advertising budget that has “ changed the game on Apple . ”
“ Samsung did not change the game with technology or product , ” Hartung wrote . “ It has used the same Android starting point as most competitors for phones and tablets . Its products are comparable to Apple 's – but not dramatically superior . And while they are cheaper , in most instances that has not been the reason people bought Galaxies , Notes , Tabs and S phones . Instead , Samsung changed the game by focusing on distribution and advertising ! ”
While companies like Apple and Microsoft ( MSFT ) have historically been associated with massive marketing spends , recent estimates suggest Samsung spent four times more than Apple on advertising in 2012 , and more than twice as much as Microsoft . The result has been a dramatic shift in the way consumers view Samsung products , and the South Korean company is now the top smartphone vendor in the world .
“ Once America 's untouchable brand , the Apple brand has faltered , ” Hartung wrote . “ People now question Apple 's sustainability . Some now recognize Apple is vulnerable , and think its best times are behind it . And it 's all because Samsung ignored the industry lock-in to constantly focusing on product , and instead changed the game on Apple . ”
Samsung 's next-generation Galaxy S4 launches later this month , and the company has already begun airing the first round of commercials to promote its new flagship smartphone .
Sometimes it 's a good idea to pay attention to what Andrei Kolesnikov writes .
The `` Kommersant '' columnist is one of the Kremlin 's anointed court scribes and is often described as President Vladimir Putin 's favorite journalist .
Ben Judah , author of `` Fragile Empire : How Russia Fell Out Of Love With Vladimir Putin , '' recently wrote that the Russian president `` pays particular attention '' to Kolesnikov 's columns , which they enjoy `` greatly and always reads right to the end . ''
Kolesnikov regularly travels with Putin and is often a conduit for messages from the regime 's inner sanctum to the broader elite . It was in an interview with Kolesnikov in the summer of 2010 , on an epic road trip across the Russian Far East in a bright yellow Lada , that Putin strongly hinted that they intended to return to the presidency in 2012 and that pro-democracy protesters should be beaten .
Both of these things , of course , happened .
So it did n't go unnoticed when Kolesnikov wrote on July 29 that Putin was prepared to wash their hands of the separatists in eastern Ukraine if they were indeed proven to be responsible for the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 .
`` If at some point it becomes evident that the insurgents had some connection to this , that would radically change [ Putin 's ] attitude toward them -- even if it was a fatal mistake , '' Kolesnikov wrote . `` Children who died for nothing , as well as adults and elderly people , this is a red line they will not cross . They will not cover up for those who did this if they know they did it . They will not have this sin on their soul . ''
Kolesnikov 's argument should by no means be taken at face value . Who really believes that Putin is suddenly shocked that the separatists they have been sponsoring could have shot down a civilian airliner ? And does anybody really believe civilian deaths are a red line they will never cross ?
But Kolesnikov does n't write anything by accident . And it 's safe to assume they do n't write anything that is not Kremlin-approved . So with their July 29 column , they are clearly either floating a trial balloon or delivering a message from Putin to the elite that a change of policy is imminent .
There are other signals that a change in the Kremlin line may be coming . In an interview with CNN on July 22 , Russia 's UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin suggested reports that the rebels in eastern Ukraine thought they had shot down a military aircraft around the same time that MH17 crashed suggested they were n't really culpable .
`` According to them , the people from the east were saying that they shot down a military jet , so if it was [ that they thought they ] shot down a military jet , there was confusion , '' Churkin said . `` If there was confusion , it was not an act of terrorism . ''
Kolesnikov 's column has also provoked a bit of hand wringing in the nationalist press . `` Common people who read 'King Lear ' think that court jesters exist to tell the monarch the truth with a smile on their face , '' Yegor Kholmogorov wrote in `` Vzglyad . '' `` The truth is that they are used to telling lies in the monarch 's name . Andrei Kolesnikov is one such person who is close to Putin who set off a storm among journalists who are accustomed to seeing signals every time they sneeze . ''
It 's too early to tell whether this was a trial balloon , a signal of a policy shift , or a court jester telling noble lies for the king .
But the column 's timing , on the day when the European Union and the United States announced tough new sanctions against Russia 's financial and energy sectors , was certainly interesting .
It also comes at a time when Russia 's erstwhile defenders in Europe appear to be distancing themselves from the Putin regime -- putting additional pressure on the Kremlin .
In a cover story last week titled `` Stop Putin Now ! '' the Hamburg-based weekly `` Der Spiegel '' reported that `` 52 percent of Germans said they would favor tougher sanctions , even if they would lead to the loss of many jobs in Germany . ''
According to the article , Germany 's business community , which has close ties to Russia , `` has also gotten the message . Although the initial sanctions had few direct consequences for them , many business leaders had warned against sanctions -- drawing the ire of the chancellor and other politicians . Now they are changing their position . ''
In a July 22 article , Yevgenia Albats , editor of the opposition magazine `` Novoye vremya , '' or `` The New Times , '' issued an emotional call to the Russian elite to persuade Putin to change course in Ukraine or be left `` without a country . ''
`` Never before in its post-Soviet history has Russia been in such a horrific position as it is now . All possibilities -- from a major war to a junta in the Kremlin -- are possible , '' Albats wrote , adding that Putin 's `` Chekist entourage ... has led them not just into a dead end , '' but also `` into a nightmare in which they will go down in history as someone who has the blood of innocent children on their hands . ''
Maybe somebody in high places actually heard them call .
-- Brian Whitmore
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
President and co-owner of The LA Aviators David Conlon joined us live to tell us all about the newest professional sports team in Los Angeles . The Aviators are part of the American Ultimate Disc League ( AUDL ) , the first and largest professional “ Ultimate ” organization . The Aviators will compete in the AUDL Western Division alongside teams from San Diego , San Jose , San Francisco , Seattle , Vancouver , and Salt Lake City . The games will be affordable family entertainment with adult tickets being around $ 12 and kids around $ 6 . The co-owners of the Aviators have chosen online crowdfunding as a means of raising money because it aligns with their vision and overall spirit of the team . For more information on the team and how you can donate online .
For a long time , World War I has been shortchanged by the historiography of science . Until recently , World War II was usually considered as the defining event for the formation of the modern relationship between science and society . In this context , the effects of the First World War , by contrast , were often limited to the massive deaths of promising young scientists .
By focusing on a few key places ( Paris , Cambridge , Rome , Chicago , and others ) , the present book gathers studies representing a broad spectrum of positions adopted by mathematicians about the conflict , from militant pacifism to military , scientific , or ideological mobilization . The use of mathematics for war is thoroughly examined .
This book suggests a new vision of the long-term influence of World War I on mathematics and mathematicians . Continuities and discontinuities in the structure and organization of the mathematical sciences are discussed , as well as their images in various milieux . Topics of research and the values with which they were defended are scrutinized . This book , in particular , proposes a more in-depth evaluation of the issue of modernity and modernization in mathematics .
The issue of scientific international relations after the war is revisited by a close look at the situation in a few Allied countries ( France , Britain , Italy , and the USA ) . The historiography has emphasized the place of Germany as the leading mathematical country before WWI and the absurdity of its postwar ostracism by the Allies . The studies presented here help explain how dramatically different prewar situations , prolonged interaction during the war , and new international postwar organizations led to attempts at redrafting models for mathematical developments .
ROME — Pope Francis on Thursday officially recognized a miracle attributed to the intercession of a young brother and sister who said , 100 years ago , that the Virgin Mary had appeared to them in the Portuguese village of Fátima .
The approval of the miracle was the final step needed before the siblings , Jacinta and Francisco Marto , could be made saints . By signing the decree , the pope increased the likelihood that they could canonize the two when they visit the Fátima shrine in May , 100 years to the day that the children said that a vision of Mary had appeared to them for the first time . Officially , no date has been set for the canonization ceremony .
The Marto children and their cousin Lucia de Jesus dos Santos said they had seen the apparitions six times between May 13 , 1917 , and Oct. 13 , 1917 , when Jacinta was 7 , Francisco was 9 and Lucia was 10 .
By the time of the last apparition — in 1917 — 50,000 to 70,000 people had gathered to pray with the children , according to the website of the Shrine of Fátima .
Captain James Flint on Black Sails , played by Toby Stephens , has been a tumultuous centerpiece for the show . They began Season 1 as a larger-than-life figure whose motives were inscrutable to both the audience and their fellow characters . As the pirate drama has progressed , its high-seas action has been accompanied by the unspooling of their psyche . With that spool on its final thread in the show 's last season , Stephens got on the phone with Inverse to take us inside Flint 's mind and preview what lies ahead as their story closes .
“ He 's a bit demented , ” Stephens tells Inverse . “ Flint is playing out their own psychodrama on this epic level . He 's not leading this revolution for altruistic reasons ; it 's for their own personal reasons . That is why , in the end , somebody has to stop him . But what 's so brilliant about the writing is that it 's also totally logical and pragmatic at the same time . You can justify it . They justify it all the time . ”
Season 2 is , in many ways , the true beginning of Flint 's journey . It justifies their actions to the audience in the form of their backstory . They began as an officer in the British Royal Navy who worked to end piracy until their affair with the idealistic Thomas Hamilton came to light and civilized society destroyed both men 's lives . As a result , Flint became a pirate and acclimated a little too well to playing the part of society 's “ monster . ”
Flint in Season 1
But surprisingly , the aspect of Flint 's evolution that Stephens enjoys most is Season 3 .
“ I remember [ creator ] Jon Steinberg discussing [ Season 3 ] with me , ” they say . “ It 's kind of got bits of The Odyssey in it ; it 's got Moby Dick . The dreams were such an imaginative way of psychoanalyzing their character . It was such a beautifully structured journey for him . I 'm not saying that Season 4 is n't that , but it 's different because the journey in that one is really about Silver until the last section where it becomes Flint again . ”
Over the course of Black Sails , Luke Arnold 's John Silver has progressed from a thorn in Flint 's side to their reluctant sidekick in Season 2 to their confidante in Season 3 . By the show 's fourth and final season , “ friends ” seems like an inadequate word . They share an emotional shorthand and understand each other in a way nobody else does . To its credit , just as it did with Flint 's relationship with Miranda Hamilton ( Louise Barnes ) Black Sails does n't try to define it neatly .
“ There 's a need in Flint for Silver as a sort of alter-ego , ” says Stephens . “ As an expression or an extension of himself . That was interesting for me to play , especially this season where there 's a shift in power . There 's a sense that Flint 's star is declining , and Silver 's is ascending , and how that is n't going to end well . Yet in a way , Flint makes it happen . They sort of gives away their power to Silver . Why do they do that ? It 's interesting . ”
Flint and Silver in 'Black Sails ' Season 4
For their part , Stephens thinks it comes down to sharing the burden of their position . “ He finds a kindred spirit in Silver . It 's finding this balance between somebody who 's driven by pragmatism but also has this dark side — this anger that 's feeding it , these motivations that are emotional . Flint projects this on him . Because I do n't think Silver can ever live up to that . I do n't think anybody can live up to these things that Flint demands of them . It 's how that resolves itself which is where Season 4 really kind of comes into its own . ”
Stephens maintains , however , that this way Flint projects onto Silver is subconscious . “ I do n't think they are aware of it — or if they are , it 's something that they kind of pushes into the background . I think they need Silver . But how much does Silver need Flint ? That 's the question . ”
Toby Stephens as Flint in 'Black Sails ' Season 4
As Season 4 unfolds , the audience has a notion of how Flint 's story will end — after all , Black Sails is a Treasure Island prequel . Flint is dead by then , a fearsome ghost woven into the backdrop of the tale . But as creator Jonathan Steinberg told Inverse , “ What we ended up deciding was to treat Treasure Island as a story that was written based on historical events that take place on the show. ” Theoretically , that leaves room for divergence .
Stephens themselves did n't know what Flint 's ultimate ending would be until two weeks before they got the final script . “ I think Jon and Robert found such a brilliant ending for Flint , ” they say . “ I had a vague idea of where the season was going , but I did n't know until about two weeks before . In a way , it was much more realistic not knowing . I remember doing a play once which was a tragedy , and the director gave this note to the actors saying , “ You do n't know that this ends badly . Your character is n't seeing it as a tragedy . You just think this is another day . ”
About whether they took any props from the set after the show wrapped , Stephens says , “ I deliberately did n't . I did n't want anything . They sort of resides in my head . I do n't need any physical [ keepsakes ] . I really liked him ; I really identified with them and admired them as well as being appalled by him . I really understood him . Having to say goodbye to that is quite difficult — but it 's such a satisfying end to it . ”
The fourth and final season of Black Sails is currently airing on Starz .
What can hunters tell us about wildlife loss ?
Colombia - The night their husband went hunting and brought home a large tapir , Elsa Vargas * was relieved . After they fed the family , there would be enough meat left to sell to cover expenses for their 17-year-old daughter to attend a boarding school more than an hour downriver by canoe from the tiny Ticuna indigenous community where the family lives .
Sitting in the sunny plaza of Puerto Nariño , a town of about 7,000 people at the confluence of the Loretoyacu and Amazon rivers in the southernmost corner of Colombia , Vargas had just 10 kilograms of meat left to sell when a police officer called them aside .
Although hunting the tapir for food was legal , selling the meat was not . The police officer could confiscate the meat and fine them Instead , they gave them some advice : next time , wrap the meat in black plastic bags and keep it discreetly out of sight .
Sitting on the floor of the main room of their simple wooden house , bare except for a table , a few benches and some kitchen implements , Vargas chuckled as they recalled their brush with the law .
UNDERGROUND
But Vargas is not alone . The encounter highlights the dilemma faced by families in dozens of communities in this part of the Amazon , where Colombia shares borders with Peru and Brazil .
Under regulations that allow “ subsistence ” hunting , villagers like Miguel Pérez * , Vargas 's husband , can bring home wild game to feed their families , but can not sell any of the meat to earn money for other necessities , such as rice , soap or school supplies .
Selling fish , meat or excess cassava , corn or beans from their fields is one source of income for villagers in the Ticuna , Cocama and Yagua Resguardo , an indigenous territory in the municipality of Puerto Nariño , on the Amazon River .
The result is an underground market for bushmeat , or wild meat , in which buyers and sellers connect by cell phone and meat changes hands in plain black plastic bags .
Researchers who have been studying the market believe it could be made safer—and more sustainable—if it were legalized . The key , they say , is to involve local people in the planning and monitoring , to ensure that the regulations respond to local needs .
“ It is difficult to generalize , because there is such a diversity of situations in Colombia , ” said Nathalie Van Vliet , an associate researcher at the Center for International Forestry Research ( CIFOR ) , who studies the hunting , sale , purchase and consumption of bushmeat in and around Leticia .
“ The legal framework has to be flexible enough to allow for local realities to be taken into account , ” they said .
LEGAL TRAPS
Researchers , government officials , hunters and members of conservation organizations gathered in Leticia on 5–9 October last year for a workshop to draft recommendations for regulatory changes that would allow members of small communities to sell bushmeat legally .
“ The aim of the workshop was to acknowledge that this type of commercial hunting—which is for both subsistence and sale , and which is already a reality in most areas—needs to be differentiated in regulations , ” Van Vliet said .
They and other researchers identified four regulatory “ bottlenecks ” that prevent community hunters from selling meat legally .
Colombian legislation allows regional governments to issue commercial hunting licenses and set quotas for game based on a national list of species approved for hunting . But the national Environment Ministry has not drafted such a list , which , by law , must be updated quarterly .
The Health Ministry also lacks butchering and meat-handling regulations for wild game , which would ensure that any bushmeat sold on the market is safe to eat .
Regional governments are responsible for issuing hunting licenses and monitoring the impact of hunting on wildlife populations , but there is no standard monitoring methodology , the researchers said .
The legal framework has to be flexible enough to allow for local realities to be taken into account . Nathalie Van Vliet
In addition , an application for a commercial hunting license requires a detailed environmental impact study and management plan , calling for technical expertise beyond the reach of small-scale hunters .
HUNTING SOLUTIONS
Participants at the October workshop drafted some general recommendations that point toward possible solutions to those problems . Many called for more participation by local hunters in the drafting of regulations and in monitoring the impacts of hunting .
One challenge—on which the participants did not agree—is how to incorporate small-scale selling by community members into legislation .
“ What is needed is a legal framework that is flexible enough to differentiate between this kind of hunting—which is both for subsistence and commercial , but on a small scale—and large-scale commercial hunting , ” Van Vliet said .
One possibility would be to expand the definition of “ subsistence ” to allow the sale of meat from time to time—which would essentially recognize the current situation , they said .
Setting limits for “ subsistence ” hunting for the market and defining “ from time to time ” could pose difficulties , however .
Another possibility is to create a category of commercial hunting especially for hunters from rural communities
“ They would have to follow rules , but not the same rules as those that apply to a private company , ” Van Vliet said .
The detailed environmental impact statement and management plan , for example , could be replaced by community monitoring systems—some of which are already being tested—to ensure that populations of the most commonly hunted game animals remain stable .
“ There would have to be a process to define the rules , monitoring systems and other aspects . The process would have to be participatory and involve local people , but those points must be defined , ” Van Vliet said .
The hunters have taken a step in that direction by forming an association called Airumaküchi , which means “ Tigers from the Water ” in Ticuna . The group is receiving technical assistance from CIFOR .
“ The objective of the hunters ' association is to promote the sustainable use of wildlife as a way to improve food security and revitalize cultural identity , ” Van Vliet said . “ This is one way in which local communities can test wildlife management models that could inspire policymakers . ”
* Names have been changed to protect sources .
I 'm a sucker for small towns , top 10 lists , and Minnesota . So naturally this list was n't too far off on the horizon . It was definitely a struggle who to include though . And , should larger cities like Duluth or Rochester be included on a list about “ towns ? ” Narrowing it down to ten was incredibly difficult too , when you consider that the North Shore and the southeastern Bluff Country area have dozens of cool little towns I could have included . So , I tried to give a good cross-section of Minnesota towns that are unique in character , scenic , charming , and just plain old cool . Let 's get started !
10 . Stillwater , MN – Situated on the St. Croix River just outside of the the twin cities , Stillwater has all the feel of an old historic river town with sharp , rocky outcrops on one side and the flowing , busy waters of the riverway on the other . Home to antique shops , fun restaurants , caves , and a liftbridge , Stillwater is a fascinating , beautiful town to spend an afternoon exploring .
9 . Pipestone , MN – Many of the buildings found in Pipestone , like the courthouse or the iconic Calumet Hotel , feature beautiful architecture made with locally quarried rock . This charming little southwestern town also features the Pipestone National Monument , a waterfall , the World 's Largest Peace Pipe , and is just down the road from the awesome Blue Mound State Park in LuVerne .
8 . Grand Marais , MN – Grand Marais is situated far up on the North Shore of Lake Superior but is a very popular tourist town in summer and winter . It has the feeling of a mountain-town-meets-beach-town hybrid with the Sawtooth Mountains and the Gunflint Trail nearby . Other points of interest are Artist 's Point , a harbor with lighthouse , and the historic Naniboujou Lodge . Also , Minnesota 's biggest ski resort , Lutsen , is just down the road . In 2015 , it was voted “ America 's Coolest Small Town ” by Budget Travel .
7 . Red Wing , MN – Another beloved Minnesota town , Red Wing sits on the water just south of the confluence of the Mississippi River and the St. Croix . It is characterized by looming bluffs , marinas , a historic downtown , and the omni-present Red Wing Shoe Company . Barn Bluff , just steps away from downtown , provides a chance to hike to a scenic overlook of the area . Also here – the World 's Largest Boot .
6 . Biwabik , MN – Especially in winter , the Iron Range town of Biwabik has the feel of a Swiss Alps mountain town . The facades of the buildings on the main drag all look Bavarian or Scandinavian in nature , due to the large population of Germans and Finnish here . Combined with the nearby Embarrass Mountains , Honk the Moose , Giant 's Ridge Ski Resort , and the deep crevasses of the Iron Range mines , this town is nothing short of awesome .
Image courtesy City-data.com
5 . Elba , MN- Elba is a tiny little town nestled deep in a valley in southeastern MN just north of Whitewater State Park . The steep , picturesque bluffs and the quaint feel of the secluded little hidden gem of a town will make you feel a million miles away from everything , in a good way . Just outside of town is the Elba Fire Tower , which , if you can stomach the heights , provides breathtaking panoramic views of bluff country .
4 . Taylors Falls , MN- This little beauty is only about 45 minutes or so from the Twin Cities and is the perfect daytrip getaway . Set against the dramatic cliff faces and outcrops known as the “ Dalles , ” the St. Croix River rushes through rock formations millions of years old . Easy hikes , rock climbing , ferry rides , and ice cream shops abound here . Also home to the “ The Old Jail Bed and Breakfast ” , a former jail house converted into a B & B . Swing across the river into Wisconsin for more amazing hikes and vantage points .
3 . Ely , MN – Way , way up in Boundary Waters country is the fan-favorite Ely , voted “ Coolest Small Town in America ” by Budget Travel in 2010 . 5 hours north of the Twin Cities and on the edge of one of the most remote areas in the Lower 48 , Ely also has the International Wolf Center , the Cabin of the Root Beer Lady , the North American Bear Center , a brewpub , and countless canoe outfitters and sporting good shops . This is what outdoorsmen live for .
2 . New Ulm , MN – Embrace your German roots in this trip back to the old country at New Ulm , MN . This town in the Minnesota River Valley just northwest of Mankato has held onto its heritage like none other – including a Glockenspeil ( above ) , Hermann the German monument , the second-oldest family-owned brewery in the US , German restaurants , beautiful architecture ( also above ) , and assorted polka-and-beer festivals . New Ulm is deserving of the number 2 spot for being unique , distinctive , and historic . And for brewing the best beer in Minnesota ( Grain Belt Premium ) .
1 . Duluth , MN – Known as “ The San Francisco of the North , ” Duluth takes the number one spot on this list for numerous reasons : For its significant contrast with the farmland and relatively flat majority of the western part of the state ; For its vintage-feeling , touristy Canal Park and Liftbridge ; for its unique attractions like the Glensheen Mansion and the Great Lakes Aquarium ; and its access to the wild & scenic North Shore of Lake Superior . Not to mention its in-town waterfalls , hikes , skiing , and unique architecture of its downtown . It 's pure Minnesota , a place where it 's almost impossible to run out of things to do .
Honorable mentions : Mankato , Walker , Detroit Lakes , Two Harbors , Winona , Lanesboro , Welch , Lindstrom , Virginia , Spring Grove , Marine-On-St Croix .
The MLS season kicked off over the weekend minus Ireland and LA Galaxy legend Robbie Keane . Kevin Doyle and Chris McCann were flying the flag for Ireland following Keane 's hugely prolific spell in America .
Aside from Ireland-born players in the league , there are some Irish-Americans who may hope to force their way into Martin O'Neill 's plans . Although there are a huge number of Americans with Irish names in the MLS , not many have been formally deemed as eligible .
McCann 's Atlanta teammate and USA international Michael Parkhurst is the holder of an Irish passport and was once called up to the Ireland team during Steve Staunton 's tenure , but declined the offer .
________
Mike Magee , who was prolific in the league was Ireland-qualified . The recently retired striker was recommended to Martin O'Neill by Robbie Keane but nothing came to fruition . Cork-born Shane O'Neill , who now plays their football in Holland , was also on the FAI 's radar despite underage international honours for the States . Puerto Rico FC striker Conor Doyle , formerly of DC United , also represented both Ireland and the USA at underage level .
Although there has been a reluctance from past managers to dip into the Irish-American player pool , O'Neill has always been open to casting the net further . There are possibly more Irish identities to be revealed in the future with some Irish surnames suggesting that this could be the case .
The following are three players that are eligible for O'Neill 's side and will hope for a strong start to the MLS season to catch the eye of the Ireland boss .
________
Ryan Meara
The 26-year-old has actually had an experience in the Ireland camp after training with the side in New York prior to an international against Portugal in 2014 . Although Meara did not feature in the 5-1 thrashing , it put them on the radar of Irish goalkeeping coach Seamus McDonagh , who themselves enjoyed a brief stint in America 's indoor football circuit .
________
Meara has spent time with NY Red Bulls reserve team but will be hoping for a first team breakthrough if they are to harbour any international ambitions .
________
Lamar Neagle
Pacy attacker Lamar Neagle became known to the FAI while at Seattle Sounders . A technically gifted player that can play on the wing or as a striker , Neagle scored nine goals for DC United last season . They are capable from set-pieces and is a natural finisher .
_________
Given Ireland 's lack of depth up front , Neagle could offer an alternative option for O'Neill . However , due to turn 30 in two months time , the window for the Washington-born player could be narrowing .
________
Tommy McNamara
Currently the holder of an Irish passport , winger Tommy McNamara has already been contacted by the FAI about their eligibility . An exciting winger full of tricks and with an eye for goal , McNamara is thriving under Patrick Vieira at New York City and will be benefiting from playing alongside Andrea Pirlo and David Silva .
________
An exciting prospect who could very well be wearing a green jersey before then end of the World Cup qualifiers , and a player who is still relatively young at 26 .
Nick Menezes , Pundit Arena
Reviving the humanitarian spirit in the gaming community
23 November 2007 : Desert Bus for Hope is hosted for the first time . A tradition of playing the tedious game is started , raising over $ 1.8 million for Child 's Play to date .
6 January 2010 : Awesome Games Done Quick raisees $ 53,379 for the Prevent Cancer Foundation . Future events see over $ 25k raised for Doctors Without Borders snd $ 21k for the Organization for Autism Research
4 May 2010 : The Humble Indie Bundle makes its debut . It 's a success , and subsequent bundles quickly follow suit . Today , the Humble Bundle s synonymous with charitable giving , being extended to a Book , Comic , and Music bundle as well .
11 March 2011 : A twin earthquake and tsunami strikes Tohoku Japan . The American Red Cross offers assistance and welcomes donations . Valve responds with the Japan Charity Bundle , 3 hats and 2 noisemakers sold with all proceeds benefiting the Red Cross . Over $ 430,000 is raised .
31 July 2011 : The Cenurion Hatchling in World of Warcraft cocludes its period for sale , having raised over $ 1.9 million dollars for the tsunamit relief effort .
These events and more make very clear one thing : The gaming community is very generous .
Let 's rekindle that philanthropic spirit .
On the ground in rural Africa , charity : water helps end the 1,400-a-day death toll that dehydration causes here . But this statistic can drop . Indeed , it already has these past 15 years , and is projected to sink even lower in the next 15 if donors continue their support .
That 's where you come in .
Every little bit helps . Just $ 1.00 can finance the beginning of a well . $ 30 can supply a person with clean water to last their lifetime .
Please make a donation today . You 'll be doing good for the whole world .
Former NASCAR Sprint Cup driver and five-time NASCAR XFINITY Series race winner Bobby Hamilton Jr. is currently faced with a lawsuit regarding accusations of being unable to pay their drivers . Hamilton , who previously drove for Roger Carter in 10 ARCA events in 2015 , has made 19 career starts since 1998 .
Court documents dated March of 2016 show that driver Kevin Hinckle of Kansas , filed a lawsuit against Hamilton , after Hamilton allegedly breached a contract that they and Hinckle had previously agreed to . According to Hinckle , the two met in 2015 while Hamilton was racing the Carter 2 Motorsports entry . After a deal between Hinckle and Carter 2 fell through , Hinckle says that Hamilton contacted them with plans to start their own ARCA team for the 2016 season .
According to Hinckle , after meeting with Hamilton in August of 2015 , they and Hamilton signed a letter of intent for 18 races in 2016 , excluding Daytona and Talladega . Under this letter of intent , Hinckle was to pay a total of $ 60,000 to compete . The first payment of $ 3,000 was to take place upon the signing of the letter of intent , with the remaining $ 57,000 paid in installments that Hamilton and Hinckle both agreed on , with Hamilton allegedly signing the letter of intent as “ HMI President . ”
“ I asked Bobby about HMI and they said it was just a standard contract that they had and that it would be fine with the sponsor , ” said Hinckle . “ He also said High Performance Motorsports was them and Jack ( Hughes ) was more of a silent partner which they were with Roger ( Carter ) as well . ”
According to the court documents , based on information and belief , “ HMI ” is neither a formed and an existing entity under Tennessee law , nor is it an entity registered to do business in the state of Tennessee .
Hinckle states that Hamilton sent them instructions via text message on how to wire the payments on the new contract . Hinckle would go on to send payments by wire and one personal check for a total sum of $ 17,000 . The personal check , says Hinckle , was endorsed by High Performance Motorsports .
In September of 2015 , Hinckle alleges that Hamilton contacted them with a new proposal to replace the previous letter of intent signed by both parties . This new proposal , per Hinckle , would put them in the car in Daytona as well as the events at Iowa and Berlin . Hinckle further alleges that they and Hamilton both agreed to this new proposal and Hinckle obtained a sponsor for the Daytona event . If you in need of a online sportsbook and casino that has a strong reputation in the industry , check out Black type bonuses today !
In December of 2015 Hinckle says that Hamilton texted them regarding their availability for the pre-race testing being held at Daytona , which Hinckle traveled to and was on hand for . According to Hinckle , Hamilton stated that they were bringing multiple cars down for testing . Hinckle was also bringing two sponsors to Daytona to watch them during testing and to meet with Hamilton .
However , the Monday before testing , Hinckle asserts that Hamilton contacted them to inform them that they are n't going to attend the Daytona test , and afterwards both sponsors canceled their plans with Hinckle . Upon arriving in Daytona Hinckle said that they found only one car with a seat that was unable to fit Hinckle . Due to the seat not fitting , Hinckle was unable to test .
The next morning Hinckle said they texted Hamilton about putting their verbal agreement in writing , as Daytona was coming up as well as their final payment . Hamilton allegedly called and began berating Hinckle for being “ difficult to work with ” because they did n't trust them and then told Hinckle that they were cancelling their contract and that they would be getting the money back to Hinckle .
According to court documents Hamilton reaffirmed through several texts that Hinckle would be getting their money back and then told Hinckle that their lawyer would contact them regarding a plan to set up getting their money back .
The lawyer then contacted Hinckle by text , but Hinckle says that when they attempted to contact the lawyer they would not answer the phone when called and the number would not permit them to leave a voicemail . Hinckle asked the lawyer to call him , but the lawyer never did .
Hinckle further explained that Hamilton 's lawyer then communicated with them in a series of texts , which , according to Hinckle , were filled with grammatical and spelling errors similar to mistakes found in Hamilton 's texts . According to Hinckle , the lawyer then stated they wanted records of the wire transfers , but afterward , the texts began changing tone from working with Hinckle on getting their money back to Hinckle supposedly being under the initial contract , suggesting that they owed money and if they did n't appear at Daytona they would be a breach of contract , upon which legal recourse would be taken .
Hinckle said that they then researched the lawyer 's number only to find out that it was a fake number .
Hinckle then sought legal action against Hamilton for fraud , and although Hamilton was served the summons they never showed up for the court date .
Attempts to reach Hamilton regarding this story were n't met with a response from them or a representative .
Hinckle is n't the only driver pursuing legal action against Hamilton . Cassie Gannis , the 2012 K & N Pro Series West 's Most Popular Driver , was to make some starts in ARCA for Hamilton in 2016 as well . According to legal documents , an agreement was entered on January 11 , 2016 , for Gannis to drive a Hamilton-Hughes entry for two events , Talladega on April 29 , and Lucas Oil Raceway on July 22 . In consideration for Cassie 's exclusive racing rights , the Gannis family was to pay a $ 12,000 fee , which was paid in two installments on January 11 and February 1 .
According to a statement by Cassie 's mother Kathy Gannis , Hamilton suggested the possibility of running a full season because they had an interested U.S. contractor that needed to show diversity in their audits with the government . Hamilton allegedly stated that this potential sponsor would bring in $ 200,000 if the Gannis family brought in $ 60,000 showing that they were vested in the agreement . Also , according to the statement by Kathy Gannis , Hamilton wanted $ 20,000 upon signing of the contract with $ 40,000 due by April 1 for a total of four races minimum or a full season with the new sponsor .
After discussing race options via an alleged Google Hangout session between Hamilton , a team consultant , and Kathy Gannis , it was decided the team could not financially come up with $ 60,000 and would stick to the original option of racing at Talladega and Lucas Oil Raceway .
On February 1 , the Gannises once again wired $ 7,000 on time , as per the contract to Hamilton and High Performance Motorsports for the two events . On February 18 a press release was released via Hamilton-Hughes Racing that an agreement was signed with Cassie Gannis .
As Talladega was approaching Hamilton contacted the Gannises with the possibility of changing the Talladega and Lucas Oil Raceway dates to four races in September because the contractor had brought another sponsor to the table that was interested in Cassie specifically because they felt they would relate to their clientele , according to Kathy Gannis . However , they needed to be in the Chicagoland , Kansas , and Kentucky markets .
According to Kathy Gannis , Hamilton also expressed the possibility of competing in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series event at Homestead-Miami Speedway as an added bonus . The Gannis ' allege they entered into the exchange in good faith .
In April , Kathy Gannis stated that Hamilton withdrew from competing at the Nashville event to focus on their team . The Gannises alledge they called Hamilton to check in , however Hamilton never returned their calls . They saw Hamilton compete at Talladega , however , they still did n't contact the Gannises or return their phone calls . According to Kathy Gannis , Hamilton would occasionally send texts saying , “ call you later ” or “ in a meeting , ” but by June those texts stopped .
After noticing that Hamilton-Huges Racing stopped fielding cars in the 2016 ARCA campaign , they looked into High Performance Motorsports and noted that it was an LLC in the name of Charles Adcock , who was Hamilton 's brother-in-law .
In July the Gannises were notified that Hamilton had been locked out of their shop . After not receiving any correspondence from Hamilton , the Gannises decided to pursue legal action .
Kathy points out that the ordeal has been difficult on Cassie , who sold their Super Late Model to help the deal with Hamilton transpire .
“ Along with working full-time , they are working two other jobs to get back into racing , ” says Kathy . “ She recently bought another Super Late Model and is slowly getting the parts to put it together to race in Tucson . She 's still looking for sponsors and appreciates all the fan support . ”
Cassie remains positive despite the setback .
“ There are good teams and people out there , so I 'm not giving up on my dream , ” they say . “ I want to race , grow as a driver , and win a championship for my fans and sponsors . ”
* * The opinions expressed on this site are not necessarily those of the publisher . All comments other than website related problems need to be directed to the author . ( c ) SpeedwayMedia.com . * *
[ /caption ]
The number of walkouts during a recent Sundance showing of Tim and Eric 's Billion Dollar Movie , was almost as funny as the vulgar abominations of comedy happening on screen .
Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim , known for their bizarre comedy sketch show Tim and Eric 's Awesome Show , Great Job ! on Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim , expanded their gallery of grotesques and non sequiturs to a feature-length movie , which made its debut here in Park City .
The surreal ( to say the least ) story follows Tim and Eric after they lose $ 1 billion on a movie starring a Johnny Depp lookalike , then have to take over an apocalyptic shopping mall full of hobos , wolves , and losers to earn back the money . Bloodshed , sadistic bathroom humor , and heavy-duty nincompoopery follow .
At least one couple storming out of the theater actually hollered back at the screen . Heidecker and Wareheim could barely contain their glee at a post-screening Q & A . “ What 'd they say ? ” Heidecker demanded .
The incident happened during a scene where the two guys are riding around in a cart chasing hobos out of the derelict mall , screaming “ Get the f— out ! ”
A man stomping out of the theater at that moment shouted back , “ We f—ing ARE ! ” About two dozen people had already fled before that , and many more took off after . About two-thirds of the audience remained by the time the credits rolled .
[ /caption ]
When Heidecker and Wareheim took the stage for the Q & A , the audience was both playful and hostile . The guys made up nicknames for the questioners , and the questioners were n't shy about mocking them back .
“ Questions ? ” Heidecker said , kicking things off . “ What kind of questions could you possibly have ? ”
“ What the f— ! ” one audience member shouted .
Heidecker 's answer : “ F— you . What else ? … You , baldy ? ”
The folically challenged moviegoer asked about a scene where the two roly-poly gentlemen share a bath and shave each other . “ Which one of you got wood first ? ”
“ Next question , ” Heidecker answered .
“ What 's the moral of the story ? ” someone shouted .
“ Friendship , ” Heidecker snapped .
“ Next ? ” Wareheim said .
“ What was the actual budget of the film and how much of that budget was for drugs ? ” a woman asked .
The audience laughed . “ It 's a low-budget film , ” Wareheim shrugged . “ Under a billion . ”
Their favorite part ? “ For me , it 's seeing it in a movie theater . We 're used to TV where there 's not a [ live ] audience . To see it with a group of people who are enjoying it , or cringing and screaming , or covering their eyes the whole time , that 's kind of amazing for me . ”
What happens next ? : Tim tortures an old lady onstage
State Department officials are set to release roughly 7,800 pages of Hillary Clinton 's private emails Monday amid new speculation about the former secretary of state 's official meeting schedule .
The email production Monday afternoon will kick off a countdown to the final two Clinton email releases , which will take place at the end of December and January respectively .
Hundreds of the official emails Clinton hosted on a private server in their home have been published in batches since May of this year .
The State Department released more than 7,000 pages of emails last month , surpassing its goal of having 51 percent of the records posted online by that time .
By the end of September , the agency had published 19,569 pages of the roughly 55,000 they turned over to the government late last year .
The email release Monday will come the same day details from Clinton 's official calendar were publicized by the Associated Press , which obtained the meeting schedules through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit . The same open records law has forced the State Department to produce Clinton 's emails on a rolling basis .
Meeting schedules indicated Clinton opened their office to dozens of corporate executives who also donated to their campaign and family foundation , raising new questions about potential conflicts of interest within their diplomatic office .
Scrutiny over Clinton 's private email use has softened since it first emerged in March after members of the House Select Committee on Benghazi incidentally uncovered the personal email network through its probe of the 2012 terror attack .
While critics speculated that the email controversy could sink Clinton 's campaign , the former secretary of state allayed concerns to that effect when they emerged from 11 hours of testimony before the Benghazi committee last month with what many perceived as a political victory .
Even so , Clinton has struggled to explain the presence of classified material within their private emails after assuring the public that nothing they sent or received was classified .
They have since changed their story , promising instead that nothing they transmitted was marked classified at the time .
In September alone , 215 published emails were upgraded to classified . All or part of more than 600 emails released so far have been marked classified , with hundreds more expected in the batch set for publication Monday .
An FBI investigation into Clinton 's email use is reportedly expanding , although the law enforcement agency has repeatedly declined to provide details about the probe .
This post may contain referral/affiliate links . If you buy something , MSA may earn a commission . Read the full disclosure
The Rachel Zoe Box of Style from The Zoe Report is a subscription box from Rachel Zoe . Each box includes a hero item which is revealed before boxes ship , and other fashionable items and accessories , plus a few beauty products and styling tools , too . I am a huge fan and love their taste , so this is one of my favorite style subscription boxes !
This box was sent to us for review purposes . ( Check out the review process post to learn more about how we review boxes ) .
The packaging on these boxes is always amazing ! ( Each item is individually wrapped in silver tissue paper . )
The Subscription Box : Box of Style by The Zoe Report
The Cost : $ 100
DEAL – Use coupon code SUMMER25 to save $ 25 off your first box !
The Products : “ Every season Rachel and our TZR editors will hand-curate more than $ 300 of our favorite fashion , beauty and lifestyle items . ”
Ships to : US , Canada , the UK , and Australia
Check out all of my Box of Style reviews !
The box comes with an info booklet with Rachel 's styling tips , and a letter from them introducing the box .
And this booklet also includes coupon codes for each of the brands featured in the box AND a code for 25 % off your first full-price purchase from RachelZoe.com .
Now , on to the items !
Helena Quinn Custom Kimono – Retail Value $ 120
This design is an exclusive collaboration made just for Box of Style . The fabric is Georgette Poly Blend and the measurements are :
Length 36″
Chest armpit to armpit 22.5″
Below hip is 27″
Laid flat completely open 46″ I 'm a size medium/large 6/8 , and this fits me loosely with plenty of room to spare .
The material is lightweight , sheer , and soft . It wo n't take up much room if you are packing it for a vacay , and it could work as summer robe , too . ( I love this piece so much I 'm trying to think of ways to wear it as often as possible . )
I think the loose fit and the way the fabric drapes are really flattering , too .
Raen Durante Sunglasses in your choice of Black or Tortoise – Value $ 150
( Subscribers were able to pick if they wanted the black or tortoise option . )
I normally wear square or aviator sunglasses , so I was n't sure if this cat eye look would work for my face , but I ended up loving it ! ( Modeled in lower photo – let me know what you think . )
These have such a glamorous vibe !
These are a polished black frame handmade from zyl acetate . And they feature a laminated foil RAEN logo on the left temple .
Sole Society Straw Panama Hat – Value $ 27
I 'm not a big pom wearer , but I love the pom ribbon on this hat – it 's the perfect amount of flair to add some interest to an otherwise simple straw hat .
It measures about 25″ in circumference , and it fit my ( large ) head !
The Brave Collection Compass Necklace – Value $ 115
The Brave Collection is a new-to-me brand and I 'm so happy to see it in this box ! This piece was crafted by hand by fair trade artisans in Cambodia . And 10 % of all profits are donated toward the fight against human trafficking .
And I 'm obsessed with the jewelry piece , too ! I love all things gold and delicate , and this will be my necklace of the summer !
It 's made with Micron Plated 14K Gold and measures 16 inches long . ( FYI – no extender on this necklace – so depending on your necklace needs , you may want to buy an extender . )
Here is everything on :
I love how the kimono could easily work as a swimsuit cover up , or as part of an outfit .
This box really gave you everything you need for a complete summer look ! Here is a better look at the sleeve to give you a sense of the sheerness of the fabric :
And we still have a few more beauty items in this box !
Beauty Counter Cream Blusher in Hibiscus – Value $ 37
Beautycounter is one of my favorite ingredient-conscious brands . ( Check out the list of 1500 ingredients they do n't include in their formulas . )
This blush is a great summer bag item , too . It 's multipurpose ( works on lips , too ) , highly pigmented , and easy to blend . Here it is swatched :
It 's so creamy ! And that 's just one swipe , so the stick should last you a while !
Beautycounter Protect Stick Sunscreen – Value $ 18
This is a face sunscreen stick that is white in stick form but goes on completely clear .
It 's water resistant for 80 minutes , too . ( And it has a fab faint cocoa butter scent ! )
Verdict : I 've been saying this every season lately , but this is my favorite Box of Style box of all time ! ( And it 's one of my top favorite subscription boxes of all time , too ! ) There are some fashion items here that push me out of my comfort zone , but that 's exactly what I want from this box ! I feel like Rachel and The Zoe Report team put together a fashion forward box that anyone can wear and get that effortlessly glamorous look .
And this box has a retail value of $ 467 ! Every piece feels high-quality and luxe , too . I 'm so impressed !
What do you think of the Summer Box of Style ?
FYI – this box is still available if you subscribe now – use coupon code SUMMER10 to save $ 10 off your first box !
Liz is the founder of My Subscription Addiction . She 's been hooked on subscription boxes since 2011 thanks to Birchbox , and they now subscribe to over 100 boxes . Them favorites include POPSUGAR Must Have FabFitFun , and any box that features natural beauty products !
Earlier this year in Google I/O , Google has introduced its Android Go project , and now Google has brought some changes and updates to it . Google has updated its all these projects via their live event held in New Delhi which is basically for India . This “ Google For India ” Event is the Third Edition of “ Google For India ” . So , the expectations are very high from all of us for the announcements from the Google . In this event , Google has announced some major announcements for India , like Android Oreo Go , Google Go ( Lite Search App ) , and more . In this post , I will tell you the Best Features of Android Oreo Go Edition .
Major Announcements from Google in Google For India :
What is Android Oreo Go Edition ?
Android Oreo Go will help to improve the user experience on low-end budget smartphones . While the Android Oreo Go ( Edition ) has Files Go like apps which ensures that all the apps are small in size and runs very faster on phones like 512MB or 1GB RAM . The basic idea behind the launch of Android Oreo Go ( Edition ) is to run the Android Oreo or the latest version of Android on budget smartphones . So , the Android Oreo Go Edition runs on smartphones like 512MB or 1GB RAM . While Google has not announced any particular brand or phone , but it will be available from 6th December 2017 . Android Go Edition release with Android Oreo 8.1 update .
Also Check – Top 5 Feature of Google GO APp
Best Features of Android Oreo Go Edition
Small Apps for Android Oreo Go Edition Users :
As we All know that some apps like , Google Chrome takes too much storage for only browsing purposes . Not only Google Chrome but most apps in the OS like Android Nougat and Oreo takes too much storage as compared to the old Android versions . So , to solve this problem the Android Oreo Go Edition comes for smartphones like 512MB or 1GB RAM with storage of 4GB or 8GB , which is very less to run these large size apps . All Google Apps like Google Chrome , Maps , Gmail , YouTube , Play Store , Gboard , and Google Assistant has redesigned for Android Oreo Go Edition . All these apps come with 50 % smaller apps size , which runs smoother and faster .
Space is Not a Big Issue in Android Oreo Go :
Android Oreo Go is lighter than Android Oreo and Nougat , it takes 2X less space than Android Nougat . This means that you can now use 2X storage on your phone without deleting anything from it . It can easily run on smartphones which come with the storage capacity of 4GB or 8GB .
PlayStore Go :
Google has launched a Play Store Go Edition for Android Oreo Go . With the help of Play Store Go , you can easily download the Google Apps like Chrome , Maps , YouTube , and more , which is smaller in size . Google also working with some developers to overcome the issue of the size of the apps and make it small .
Files Go :
Earlier Google has launched File Management App called Files Go only for Beta Users . But Now it is available for all the users . Files Go Beta is the File Manager App from Google . Files Go is a smart File Manager that will recommend files and Apps to clean up on your Device to free up Space . So it helps you out if the storage is running out of space on your Device . In Files Go Beta you can also Transfer or Receive Files from other Files Go Beta user . So from now on , you can do the work of two Apps in just one App . The Interface is well designed , and I liked it .
Data Saver :
The latest Android Oreo Go ( Edition ) has integrated data saver for saving the data capacity on smartphones . In Google For India , Google address that the Internet usage in India is increasing day by day , till now it is recorded as 4GB per month for each user and it will be scored up to 11GB per month in coming years . So , the Data Saver is one of the important features for saving the data .
So , all these are the Best Features of Android Oreo Go Edition , If you like these feature let us know in the comment section below . Also , for receiving our daily newsletter emails , Enter your email in the bottom bar .
Read More :
You have read Best Features of Android Oreo Go Edition . Stay connected to YTECHB for latest Tech News , Android & iOS Tricks , Telecom News , Accessories , Mobile Reviews and much more . Like our page on Facebook , Follow us on Twitter , and Subscribe our channel on YouTube @ YTECHB . If you have any questions regarding Top 5 Features of Google Go , ask by using # YTECHB in the comment section .
José Mourinho admitted they will be unable to work miracles to restore Manchester United 's confidence after they fell to a second successive defeat with a 1-0 loss to Feyenoord on Thursday night .
A 79th-minute Tonny Vilhena goal ensured United began their Europa League campaign with defeat in Rotterdam to set a club record of four away defeats running in European competition .
While Mourinho was correct to complain that Nicolai Jorgensen was offside in the buildup to the goal , the listless manner of the reverse is again the overriding concern . After also being beaten by Manchester City in Saturday 's derby , Mourinho takes United to Watford for Sunday 's early game knowing they must avoid a third defeat in a row .
Tonny Vilhena edges Feyenoord past much-changed Manchester United Read more
“ When you lose matches , there are no miracles in terms of the players ' soul , ” they said . “ You win matches , people are happy and full of confidence . You lose matches and people are sad and feel it . But of course I 'm here not to let them be in a negative mood or in a negative period because we lost two matches – two matches where we did n't play well for 90 minutes but two matches where we deserve a better result .
“ First of all I have players who are not here , I have players that did n't play here for 90 minutes , so it 's not a problem of accumulation . I know we play midday on Sunday and in this moment it 's 9pm on Thursday but we are professionals . Let 's not make an excuse for Sunday because we have to play this game . The players are professional , they have to be fit and they are , and they have to be mentally strong to play again . ”
Despite the two consecutive losses Mourinho remains calm . “ When we won the Community Shield and the first three Premier League matches I was not on the moon , I was not saying we were a phenomenal team and we are going to destroy every opponent . I said : ‘ Yes , it 's a good start , yes , a very good start , ' but I was never on the moon , ” they said . “ I know the situation is not a case of clicking your fingers and everything is perfect , but to be honest I think we did n't play phenomenal matches in these two defeats but to lose both I think is a punishment for the team because I think we deserved more . ”
Mourinho was clear what the problem was before the break against Giovanni van Bronckhorst 's team . “ In the first half we did not have an especially ambitious attitude , ” said the Portuguese . “ I 'm not saying bad but I 'm not saying with the ambition you need to win football matches . We were not trying to win , we were just in control of the game and waiting for the possibility to win or not to win . The second half was different , when we were trying to win and Feyenoord were trying not to lose . Then they scored the goal , which I do n't think we deserved . And double unlucky because they were offside . ”
Of Paul Pogba , who was disappointing , the manager said : “ He was like the team . In the first half they were in control , but they were playing half-pace . In the second half was when they were increasing their intensity and it was when they conceded the goal . ”
Many users of the Sony A7 , A7S , A7R , and A7II have the Sony Sonnar 55/1.8 ZA standard lens . Some are also wondering about the Loxia Planar 50/2.0 that I wrote about previously . An alternative is the Contax G 45/2.0 which had a very good reputation for users of Contax G1 & G2 film cameras .
Using the Contax G lenses on the E-mount of the Sony NEX / A7 requires an adapter . I 'm using the Metabones adapter shown on the pictures . The Metabones is fully manual without any electronic couplings whatsoever . An electronic adapter with ( slow ) AF is also available from DeoTech .
On the ergonomics side , the Contax G 45/2.0 has a mechanical aperture ring ( 1 EV increment only ) and focus is through an AF screw rotated by the Metabones adapter . There is no distance scale . Filters are for 46mm diameter . The lens is very small and almost « cute » .
The Contax G 45/2.0 is very compact but after adding the Metabones adapter , it becomes only slightly more compact than the Loxia 50 .
The Contax is also the lightest but weights even out when adding the adapter .
Weights , including filter , caps , and hood :
Contax G 45/2 : 215g
Contax G 45/2 + Metabones : 357g
Sony FE 55/1.8 ZA : 353g
Loxia 50/2 : 374g
Focus with the Metabones adapter is reasonably smooth but fitting the adapter is a bit tricky as shown in this video
Three area of the Paris city hall are used to compare the lenses . No tripod was used and light conditions varied a little bit between the shots .
At F2.0 , all three are very sharp in the center , with the Contax slightly behind . But in the corners , the Contax is very mushy .
Click the pictures for 100 % pixel size .
At F2.8 , there is a slight improvement for the Contax , but the Sony & Loxia are already seriously sharp .
The Contax gets better at F4.0 but still far from its younger brothers .
Corner sharpness finally becomes good for the Contax at F5.6 .
The F/2.0 aperture allows blurring the background but the lens lacks the « smoothness » of longer focals such as 85/1.4 . Especially , the outlines are quite visible in the circular highlights .
The cat 's eyes are reduced at F/2.8 .
The Sony Sonnar 55/1.8 ZA and the Zeiss Loxia Planar 50/2.0 are very sharp even wide open . The Contax G Planar 45/2.0 is also quite sharp but only on the center & mid-frame between F2.0 & F4.0 , full frame sharpness is achieved from F5.6 onward .
On the whole , the Contax G Planar 45/2.0 is still quite good for it 's size & age , especially since it costs around 300/350€ on the 2nd hand market . The Sony Sonnar 55/1.8 ZA and the Zeiss Loxia Planar 50/2.0 are both very good , choosing either is more a question of shooting style and ergonomics .
A spokesperson for the Indianapolis Motor Speedway has played down claims that talks are taking place to reinstate a US Grand Prix at the famous venue .
Although Bernie Ecclestone said in Bahrain that a return to Indianapolis was possible , a circuit spokesperson told the Indianapolis Business Journal an imminent return was unlikely . `` We continue to have dialogue with Formula One , and we 've long maintained we 're interested in hosting their events . ''
A second spokesperson , Eric Powell , also told the Indy Star that specific talks are not currently taking place . `` In terms of negotiations , nothing is happening at this time , '' they said . `` We would love to have Formula One in Indianapolis . We feel this is the best venue for Formula One in the United States . ''
The last grand prix to be held in Indianapolis was won by Lewis Hamilton in 2007 , two years after Michelin 's withdrawal on safety grounds led to a farcical six-car race .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
These pumpkin muffins are a favorite of my taste tester and biggest critic who is always grateful for baked goods that are n't overly sweet . I 'm not usually a big pumpkin fan , but love these muffins . Even if they are n't cookies .
Gluten Free Pumpkin Muffins
Combine the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl :
1¼ cups gluten free flour
½ cup brown or raw sugar
1½ teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon xanthan gum
¼ teaspoon each ginger and nutmeg
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon baking soda
Combine the wet ingredients , then add to large bowl :
½ cup hemp milk
½ cup pumpkin puree
¼ cup melted butter or oil
1 egg , beaten
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees . Fill paper lined muffin tins mostly all the way to the top . A number 16 disher is the perfect size for scooping batter evenly . Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar before baking . Bake for about 24-25 minutes , until tester inserted remains mostly clean . Yield : 10 pumpkin muffins
Cinnamon Sugar
2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
Blend sugar and cinnamon thoroughly . Sprinkle on batter before baking . Or use after baking . Dip muffins in melted butter , then roll in cinnamon sugar .
Muffin Baking Tips
As a town with five railroad crossings , Smithville hears its share of train horns throughout the day and night . Some residents have asked city officials to prohibit horn-blowing at night but with costs for quiet zone safety regulations estimated about $ 1.2 million , Smithville is n't likely to get any quieter .
`` I know it frustrates the citizens because it seems the horns have gotten louder , but bottom line : We do n't have the money , '' City Manager Robert Tamble said , adding that any extra funds the city has will be used toward much-needed drainage projects .
However , closing the central Taylor Street rail road crossing to city traffic , for which quiet zone retrofitting is estimated at $ 800,000 , would get the city closer to the ability to pay for the transition at the other four .
While Union Pacific would prefer this option in managing the five tracks that cross the area , Tamble does n't think this is a feasible option .
Fire Station No . 2 was built on the south side of the tracks on Taylor Street in case all crossings were closed when an emergency occurred on that side of town , but the closing of the crossing to traffic would mean additional difficulties in getting those firefighting resources north when needed .
`` It 's also a major artery for traffic from the north and south side of town , '' Tamble said .
The ability of a railroad crossing to qualify for conversion to a quiet zone depends on risk factors defined by the Federal Railroad Administration . Those include number of accidents , safety devices , train speed and trains per day .
Union Pacific does not pay for conversion to quiet zones . All costs would have to be paid by the city .
All the rail road crossings in town would need to be retrofitted in some way , Tamble said , to qualify for Union Pacific Railroad program , based on a 2015 analysis .
Physical barriers would have to be installed in the roadway median to prevent motorists and pedestrians from going around the railroad crossing barrier . In addition , tracks without crossing arms , like two of the tracks at Taylor Street , would need to be retrofitted with signal barriers .
And some roads within a certain distance of the train intersection would also have to be closed , officials said .
The city would likely also shoulder costs associated with the installation of signage and traversable medians at the crossings in town to lower the safety risk index to qualify for a quiet zone .
Though the nearby cities of Caldwell , Flatonia and Waelder now have quiet zones , they already had safety gates and constant warning devices installed when they made the transition , said Tim Sanders with BEFCO .
Tamble said the western crossing in Smithville would be the easiest and cheapest to change to a quiet zone crossing , estimated to cost $ 15,000 . However , Tamble , who lives by that intersection , does n't think the town is ready due to costs .
`` I knew the train was here when I built my house , '' they said . `` It 's just part of living in Smithville . ''
ST. LOUIS — If you 're looking for a college basketball player to root for this season , turn your attention to the Saint Louis Billikens .
No . 1 , Grandy Glaze , is your man . Besides the catchy name , you 'll love their hustle , appreciate their attitude and be delighted by their personality . Their game is n't bad , either .
Let 's start with their attitude . How many college juniors do you know who decide on their own to lose 25 pounds when they really do n't need to ? Even when it means giving up chocolate .
“ It 's not easy , ” Glaze says .
“ I never even asked them why they lost the weight , ” SLU coach Jim Crews says . “ He plays a little quicker even though they were quick anyway . ”
So why ?
“ I know my teammates are going to count on me this year , ” Glaze says . “ I 'm no longer a first-year student , I 'm no longer the sophomore that was kind of finding their way . We have freshmen who are looking to me for guidance . I knew I had to make that jump to another level . ”
Besides changing their diet , Glaze also spent even more time in the gym over the summer . That is saying a lot for a guy who typically is the first to arrive ( so they can work with the freshmen ) and one of the last to leave . One SLU staffer said they walked past the gym at 9 one night and saw Glaze shooting by himself . Two hours later , they walked by again and Glaze was still practicing .
The work has paid off , on the scales as well as the court . By September , the 6-foot-6 Glaze was down to 225 pounds with 7 percent body fat .
“ I noticed it instantly , ” they say . “ I started doing things that I never could do before , getting up at the rim a lot easier . I could always run the floor , but now I can maintain that . I move a lot more effortlessly . I do n't feel like I 'm in 40-minute game shape . I feel like I 'm in 50-minute game shape . ”
Given their relentless style of play , the extra conditioning will be useful . Glaze figures to see heavy minutes for the first time in their three years at SLU . Though Crews says Glaze “ has a big window to grow offensively , ” they will make their greatest impact doing the dirty work inside .
Whatever helps the Billikens win , Glaze says . They went for a career-best 16 points on 7-of-7 shooting in SLU 's opening victory over Southeast Missouri last week , but they know that scoring is not how they figure to help the team most .
Their individual goal for the season , in fact , has nothing to do with points .
“ I want 15 , ” they say , a tad sheepishly .
Fifteen rebounds a game ? Their smile lets you know that they can tell how outlandish that might sound .
“ I want 15 , ” they repeat .
If they fall short , it wo n't be because of a lack of effort . Though Glaze has handled many roles in their young career , they believe they have settled into the one that fits them best .
“ Energy guy , garbage guy , glue guy , ” they say . “ Whatever you want to call it . I 'm really good with filling roles . Rebounding and defense is where my bread and butter is at this level . ”
Or as Crews says , “ Grandy 's in the middle of a lot of stuff . That 's just their style . They find the ball in different ways . He 's a rather unique player . ”
The youngest of seven siblings , Glaze says they left their home in Toronto when they were 15 to pursue their hoop dreams in America . They attended two prep academies in the Northeast and had verbally committed to a scholarship at UNLV . But Glaze opted out when Lon Kruger went to Oklahoma and they landed at SLU .
Three years later , they look at the rafters inside Chaifetz Arena and sees the banners waving from two of the Billikens ' most successful seasons . SLU won the Atlantic 10 Conference regular-season title and conference tournament on the way to a school-record 28 wins . But that merely set the foundation for this season .
“ A repeat of last season would not be a big deal , ” they say . “ We want to win everything . We want to win a championship . ”
Yes , that would be a national championship . While such talk sounds like a reach for a team ranked 40th in the country , Glaze does n't come across as boastful . They have a way of making you believe , too , in part because of an outgoing personality that puts you at ease .
Crew says Glaze is the kind of person who is as comfortable talking with little children as to 90-year-olds , and they can make everyone feel like he 's known them for years .
“ He 's such a people person , ” Crews says . “ He 's a great teammate , and that 's the No . 1 thing we stress . They really have everyone 's best interest in heart , and everyone knows he 's sincere . ”
Hard-working , personable , unselfish , talented . Indeed , Grandy Glaze is someone worthy of your support .
You can follow Stan McNeal on Twitter at @ stanmcneal or email them at stanmcneal @ gmail.com .
LAS VEGAS — Recent economic woes in the United States may have triggered a temporary upturn in the use of harsh parenting methods by mothers carrying a particular gene variant .
Mothers who inherited either one or two copies of a particular form of the dopamine D2 receptor gene , dubbed DRD2 , cited sharp rises in spanking , yelling and other aggressive parenting methods for six to seven months after the onset of the economic recession in December 2007 , sociologist Dohoon Lee of New York University reported August 22 at the American Sociological Association 's annual meeting .
Hard-line child-rearing approaches then declined for a few months and remained stable until a second drop to pre-recession levels started around June 2009 , the research showed .
Mothers who did n't inherit the gene variant displayed no upsurge in aggressive parenting styles after the recession started , Lee and their colleagues found .
As the recession progress
I 'm not sure if it 's a good or a bad idea to keep reading . It may satiate your need , or it may make you really anxious , depending on how good of a job I do from here on out !
As for adjustability .... hmmm .... if adjustability was there , I would n't have touched it at all ( I 'm about 185 in gear and all the stuff I had with me probably weighed another 15-20 lbs ) . That 's partially because it was 90 % dialed in and partially because there are 100 ways to screw up suspension settings and 1 way to get it right . If it was my permanent bike , though , yes , my first upgrade ( s ) would be to slap on a throatier slip-on and massage the front end so it 'd handle on-then off-road with more finesse . But considering the entry level price of the bike , damn , I must say , outstanding job .
Click to expand ...
A harm-reduction pilot program that includes safe-injection sites and needle and pipe vending machines in Ottawa are proving popular with drug users , but one local resident says it 's making their neighbourhood unsafe .
Ottawa Public Health says the machines installed outside health centres in mid-September have dispensed more than 600 needles and 250 stems for smoking drugs .
The goal of the pilot project is to reduce the transmission of infectious diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis C , which people can get from sharing needles and pipes .
`` The client feedback has been very good , with clients reporting that the machine provides access to harm reduction supplies when other services are closed and that the machines are easy to use , '' said OPH 's Donna Casey in a statement .
John Becvar , a harm reduction outreach worker , said the machines help give people “ access the supplies that they need at any time of the night . ”
The vending machine outside Ottawa Public Health 's Clarence Street facility in the Byward Market neighbourhood has proven most popular .
But longtime area resident Laura MacDonald says that while they support harm reduction , the influx of injection drug users in Byward Market is making their long-time home unsafe .
They said they have found people using drugs on their doorstep and has taken photos of a large number of needles discarded haphazardly on the ground . They say they have called city officials 13 times in one month .
“ There 's more people who are dealing drugs . There 's more prostitution . There 's more … things you would n't see on a regular basis , but they 're happening on a daily basis , ” they said .
MacDonald said they want Ottawa 's city council to reject a request to make the Clarence Street vending machines permanent .
Ottawa Public Health says drug users must receive special tokens through its harm prevention program that can be used at any of the dispensing units .
The harm prevention program also educates users about safer drug , safe equipment disposal and other health and treatment services available .
There were about 40 opioid drug-related deaths in Ottawa in 2016 , according to Public Health Ontario .
With a report from CTV Ottawa 's Annie Bergeron-Oliver
Getty Images/Aurora Creative File photo
A Virginia State Police trooper is accused of shooting and killing a pit bull during the evening of March 8 .
Trooper Daniel Campbell , 28 , assigned to the Fairfax Division , was arrested Friday by Manassas Park Police detectives . They are charged with discharging a firearm in a public place and one count of cruelty to an animal .
Police were called to the area near the Manassas Park Community Center and Dog Park around 9:45 p.m. on March 8 for gunshots fired . When officers arrived , they found a tan colored pit bull , suffering from a single gunshot wound .
The dog was rushed to an emergency animal hospital , where it died from its injuries .
Virginia State Police supervisors were alerted to the incident on March 16 and got in touch with Manassas Park Police detectives . In accordance with state police policy , Campbell is on unpaid leave from the department , pending outcome of the investigation .
The supervisors have also started an internal investigation of the incident . Investigators have not released any possible motive behind the shooting .
When the financial industry crashed in 2008 , it left in its ' wake the greatest financial crisis in modern and a decade worth of economic turbulence . Career progression , especially in the creative industries been hit hard by shrinking budgets , and is now dependent on personal connections , private wealth and insider knowledge rather than talent and dedication .
LiveTree is set to address this problem through its Advanced Decentralized Entertainment Platform for Transparent distribution , ADEPT targeting the $ 500bn film , TV and content industry .
LiveTree is a film , TV , and content creation and distribution company that has already captured 5 % of the UK entertainment crowdfunding market in the last 2 years . The company has instituted partnerships with several high-profile establishments including The British Film Institute , Red Rock Entertainment , the Screen Arts Institute , and also boasts of over 14,000 industry suppliers worldwide .
ADEPT is LiveTree 's migration of its existing business to the most disruptive technology in existence , the blockchain . ADEPT is designed and built on proven experiences from existing businesses . The platform goes beyond crowdfunding , it seeks to usher in the future of the entertainment industry , a future where the creative and commercial skills needed to produce , market and distribute content work in synergy rather than in opposition . It allows creatives to create within the safety net of a market-driven approach to distribution and investment and facilitates distributors with access to a direct pipeline of premium new content .
Backers will have more choice in what they invest in and how through a transparent , secure , and decentralized how they invest in creativity . Built on the Ethereum blockchain , ADEPT empowers content creation by enabling creators to seamlessly connect with the global community to develop projects without third-party interferences .
The platform facilities peer-to-peer to sustainable , mutually rewarding scenarios that financially motivate everyone involved to help make the project a success through smart contracts . Smart contract integration will help parties negotiate mutually beneficial terms , eliminate legal overheads , lower barriers to entry and open the door to new forms of collaboration , funding and distribution .
ADEPT Ecosystem
Leveraging blockchain technology , LiveTree ADEPT is set to disrupt the entertainment industry through groundbreaking key features including :
Digital Rights Management : Ownership and distribution of video intellectual property will be moved to the blockchain , enabling creators to earn from direct distribution to their audience through subscriptions and pay-per-view models . They are also guaranteed revenue from ads . Blossom TV will be the new digital channel distributing this community powered content .
Legal contracts : The burdensome , cumbersome and costly traditional contract system for content production financing and distribution will be replaced by ADEPT smart contracts , reducing costs and fostering fan community gamification .
Digital Token : ADEPT ecosystem will be driven by the Ethereum ECR20 “ LiveTree Seed ” digital token . This token will be used in the settlement of all subscription fees , legal fees and funding costs . LiveTree will be offering 35 million Seed tokens to early adopters on Friday December 1st during the platform 's pre-sale event . LiveTree hopes to raise up to $ 50 million through a token sale for the further development of the ADEPT platform .
LiveTree Roadmap
LiveTree ADEPT has a 5-year roadmap to capture market share . In addition to the ADEPT community approach , LiveTree will license films specifically for ADEPT through LiveTree Incubators fund , this is expected to generate significant Seed value . Incubators in LA , London and NYC will produce LiveTree Blossom TV “ Originals ” which will be used to further increase the value of the token , while promoting mainstream adoption of Blossom TV .
For more Information , Visit the Website at : https : //adept.livetree.com
Disclaimer . This article is paid and provided by a third-party source and should not be viewed as an endorsement by CoinIdol . Readers should do their own research before investing funds in any company . CoinIdol shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content , goods or services mentioned in this article .
By Mark Brown , Wired UK
Researchers at the University of Calgary have used bones , CT scans and computer simulations to settle the argument as to which animal – living or dead – would win in a head-butting contest .
[ partner id= '' wireduk '' align= '' right '' ] The findings , which are published in the journal PLoS One , show that a 72 million year old leaf-eating dinosaur called Stegoceras would out-class any modern day head-butter .
Biomedical engineering research Eric Snively performed CT scans on the skulls of a variety of modern animals and one of the world 's best preserved dinosaur fossils – Stegoceras . They then used this data to make a virtual simulation where these beasts could go head-to-head .
Snively found that the Stegoceras has a far stronger bonce and a more protected brain than modern day dome-knockers like North American bighorn sheep and Arctic musk ox .
Most head-butting animals have a stiff rind on the outside of the dome , with a spongy energy-absorbing material beneath that a dense coating over the brain . It stops them knocking themselves out , like giraffes sometimes do when they clash noggins . The Stegoceras , however , had an extra layer of dense bone in the middle , giving it a more formidable dome than any modern-day animal .
The dinosaur lived in prehistoric North America during the Late Cretaceous period , and was a genus of herbivore pachycephalosaurid . Despite its incredible head-butting ability , it was no bigger than a German Shepard dog .
It 's thought that the male dinosaurs butted heads to show off in front of the ladies . Ladies love a good head-butter .
Image : Internal densities of bone in a Stegoceras skull . ( PLoS ONE )
Source : Wired UK
See Also :
For the fourth consecutive year , Rafael Nadal lost to a player ranked outside the Top 100 at Wimbledon . For the fourth consecutive year , Nadal failed to reach the quarterfinals .
Of those losses , Thursday 's to Dustin Brown was by far the least surprising . The Spaniard had entered Wimbledon coming off their weakest clay court season in recent memory and was facing a high-octane opponent who had taken them apart in Halle last year .
What Brown did was tremendous ; their performance should neither go unrecognized nor be diminished by Nadal 's recent vein of lackluster form . The numbers from the match paint a picture of a past champion being beaten by a superior opponent rather than a lower ranked player benefiting from their opponent 's inconsistencies .
Brown hit 58 winners to 24 unforced errors , a +34 margin . Nadal hit 42 winners to just 15 unforced errors , a +27 margin . It 's important to keep in mind that Wimbledon is rather conservative when it comes to dishing out unforced errors , but regardless of how you feel about the count , Brown still hit 58 winners . They took the ball early , stormed the net to perfection and provided the former No . 1 with absolutely no rhythm .
Could Nadal have made adjustments to throw Brown off their game ? Yes .
Was Brown handed the win ? Absolutely not .
What can be concluded , however , plays into a familiar theme we 've seen through most of these head-scratching losses : Rafael Nadal is not the player they once are . That is not a secret — almost everyone knows it — but few can provide concrete evidence as to why . In their last two major losses , Novak Djokovic and Dustin Brown brought their A-games , but their tasks were made decidedly simpler with an inferior Nadal on the other side of the net .
Were Nadal still at their peak , two things would automatically be different . For one , they would n't have been missing routine shots . More importantly , Nadal 's opponents would so easily inject themselves into a match , controlling the Spaniard with their desired game plans . Brown is a tough one to rattle if he 's firing on all cylinders , but I do n't believe Nadal lets Djokovic or someone like a Fernando Verdasco ( who beat Nadal in Miami ) dictate , say , two summers ago .
For many , the situation boils down to one thing : confidence . Nadal has admitted to lacking confidence on the court , causing doubt to creep into many of their 2015 matches . That 's all well and good , but for me , doubt is not the disease but a symptom of a larger problem . We still have n't unearthed what is happening to cause the misses that have led to a loss of confidence .
Coming off an injury from the end of last season meant Nadal would naturally start out rusty , but they admitted in Doha and later in Melbourne that they were feeling fine , physically . At some point in the Spaniard 's several injury comebacks , the rust wears off and they return to excellence . There has to be something else that is causing Nadal to not only miss routine but also lack the ability to dictate rallies , which in turn causes them to lose confidence .
This is not a chicken and the egg question . Nadal misses shots then loses confidence , not the other way around .
The first plausible explanation to what we are seeing is that age has caught up to Nadal — quicker than anyone could have foreseen . Nadal is one of the most physical tennis player tennis has ever seen . They ask a lot of their body and , like any athlete who deals with blow after blow , their wheels are slowing down , preventing them from playing top tennis . Nadal is only 29 , hardly ancient by modern tennis standards , but has undoubtedly worn their body down far more than a typical 29-year-old .
I 'm skeptical of this explanation is because we 've seen flashes of the old from Nadal this year . There have been times where we have begun to believe that the run of poor form has ended and that he 's ready to contend for the biggest titles again . With convincing clay court wins over players like John Isner and Tomas Berdych , the promise of a resurgence seemed potentially imminent . Their win in Stuggart led others to claim Nadal was once again ready to make a run at a major .
This leads me to the next explanation . We may be witnessing an older player who simply needs more time , matches , and mileage to reestablish himself . The will to win has always taken Nadal far , but at their age , the tennis side of the equation may need more breaking in . It may seem like a very long time , but the Spaniard may still be in the process of forging their road back to success .
It 's impossible to say for certain . After all , this theory asserts that Nadal does n't need to make any major changes , that progress will be made simply with a little patience .
Comparing Nadal 's 2015 to Roger Federer 's disappointing 2013 season , Nadal already has 34 wins — compare that to Federer 's season total of 45 . That year , Federer only won one title ( Halle ) . Already at the halfway mark of the 2015 season , Nadal has doubled that number . These are obviously two different players — with arguably different issues — but the point remains that it will always be tough to count a member of the Big 4 out , at least until they hang up their rackets for good .
A final explanation dictates that it 's more than a matter of just being more consistent ; Nadal needs to fix something , tactically or technically . To me , this is the most viable explanation .
Someone would need to sit down and analyze Nadal 's games , sets , and matches to diagnose what might be hindering their game . Mid-to-late career renaissances sound impossible , but they 've happened before . Marin Cilic restructured their serve and mindset after years of being on tour and ended up winning the US Open . Nadal may not actually have something that needs to be fixed , but they would be remiss not to check .
My belief that there is something wrong with Nadal 's game — something fixable , but as yet undetermined . One thing that 's abundantly clear is a pattern of shots consistently missed out wide . An immediate solution would be to be maintained the same level aggression , but aim to bigger targets on the court as opposed to closer to the lines . Greater margin would lead to more rhythm , and with that momentum at their back , the confidence could return sooner rather than later .
We are talking about one of the greatest players ever . This ca n't be the end and I do n't think it is .
Where do you think Nadal goes from here ? Sounds off in the comments !
Advertisements
Hospitality Philosophy Healthy Bartending Habits : How To Keep Moving and Shaking 550 Views Save Saved Removed 0
If you 've ever woken up the day after a marathon shift and have lost the capacity to move and the will to live , then this is an article for you . To most people , working in the bar industry may seem like fun and games ( and more than a few shots ) . However , anyone who 's held their own behind the stick knows that it 's damn hard work and can be very taxing both mentally and physically . Is there such a thing as healthy bartending ?
The purpose of this article is to give you a bit of an idea about the exercises and stretches that you can do before and after you dive into the trenches for the night . They 'll keep you in top shape and will go a long way in preventing any serious injuries that might arise down the track .
Mindful Movement
If you 've ever been stuck on dispense in a busy cocktail bar , you 'll know how tiring it can be shaking and stirring your way through a seemingly endless sea of drinks orders . The motions that we perform when preparing these drinks are usually quite repetitive , and when done for an extended period of time can contribute to what are called repetitive stress injuries ( RSIs ) . These are injuries to the musculoskeletal system that occur after – you guessed it – moving in a repetitive or awkward way for a sustained period of time .
Many bartenders will find a shaking style they prefer and stick to it religiously until it runs them into the ground . I did this myself for quite a while and ended up paying the price . I 'd wake up on a Sunday morning with locked up shoulders , middle back pain and a throbbing headache ( which I swear was n't from the booze most of the time ) . Eventually though , I began varying my shaking technique and focusing on how I was moving and which muscles were doing most of the work at a given time . This allows you shift the burden around and make sure that you do n't strain yourself too much…
Yoga for Cocktail Gurus
This is probably painfully ( no pun intended ) obvious , but really ca n't be emphasised enough . You should make a regular habit of stretching and warming up before and after heading into the bar . Much like playing sports or working out , our bodies need time to get into the swing of things before we start slinging drinks like there 's no tomorrow . Not to mention the fact that it keeps your body processing those knock off drinks more efficiently .
An excellent way of making sure that your muscles all tuned up before a night at work is practicing yoga… Now I know this might conjure up images of active wear and granola for some people but let 's set that aside and focus on the physical benefits that yoga can bring to the table . For our purposes , there are a handful of fairly easy yoga poses that can be done to both stretch out any muscle tension and strengthen the areas that might be neglected . Here 's a little list of some poses that might be able to help and which area they focus on . I 'd recommend doing a video search for each pose to ensure that you 're doing it correctly .
Cobra Pose – Abdominals and Back
Cow Pose – Upper Back and Shoulders
One Legged Downward Facing Dog Pose – Hamstrings
Child 's Pose ( Side Stretch ) – Hips and Glutes
Bow Pose – Middle and Lower Back
Standing Forward Bend Pose – Legs and Neck
It 's worth noting that if any of these exercises cause pain or do n't feel quite right , then you should probably ease off a little bit or take a break…
If you 're reading this and already thinking that most Aussie of responses “ Yeah… nah mate. ” then maybe think about how many shifts have left you run down , sore , even cramping . It 's not just the shots , it 's poor muscle tone and an inefficient metabolism . Put it this way , every standard drink you consume after your shift is worth at least 3 minutes of yoga before your shift if you plan on adding chill to your netflix the next day .
Massage Therapy ?
There are probably some of you out there who stretch all day and still hurt like hell the next day . While this is definitely no fun , there are still a couple more things you can try before heading to the physiotherapist . One of the most helpful of which is remedial massage…
All over Melbourne ( or other cities for that matter ) there are massage parlours suited to fit your needs and more importantly you price range . Many of us working in the bar trade do n't have vast quantities of disposable income , so visiting the spa for a weekly massage might sound a little excessive . This really is n't the case though , with many operators charging less than thirty dollars for a half hour of back and shoulder work . Having this done once or twice a week will do wonders for that muscle tension and have you shaking cocktails without reaching for the Voltarin once again .
Hopefully one of the above tactics will help remedy or prevent the various muscular ailments that can come about from working behind the bar . Before your shift tonight why not combine a bit stretching with a visit to the massage therapist or some yoga poses – that will hopefully set you on the right track .
photo courtesy Kleines Phi
Comments
comments
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bethany Bell visits a Vienna cafe
After years of debate , Austria 's government has announced plans to introduce a total smoking ban in cafes and restaurants by 2018 .
Anti-smoking groups say that is too long to wait , but there have been protests by some restaurant owners , who say their business will suffer .
Austrians like order , or `` Ordnung '' as they say in German . It is hugely frowned upon for a pedestrian to cross the road on a red light . And the streets and underground network of Vienna are kept remarkably clean .
But smoky air in cafes and restaurants has been widely tolerated for years .
Cafe culture
`` Smoking is a sort of culture , especially in Austria , '' Margit Schwed told me as they sat in Cafe Ritter in Vienna , with its gilt chandeliers and marble table tops .
`` In the typical Vienna Kaffeehaus you take your coffee and your cigarette . I think people like the flair in the coffee houses . ''
Austria has one of the highest rates of smoking in Europe , particularly among young people : 33 % of Austrians smoke regularly , according to a 2012 Eurobarometer study . Only Greeks , Bulgarians and Latvians smoke more .
Image caption Austria has one of the highest rates of smoking in Europe
Image caption Smoking in cafes and restaurants has been widely tolerated for years
A survey by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) found that 27 % of Austrian 15-year-olds smoke at least once a week , more frequently than any other children in the OECD area .
Several years ago , when many countries had already banned smoking in bars and cafes , Austria first adopted the idea of introducing separate smoking and non-smoking areas .
Small restaurants could choose whether to go smoke-free or not .
Larger restaurants , like Cafe Ritter , were obliged to provide a separate smoking section , sealed off by glass partitions .
The law was heavily criticised by doctors and anti-smoking groups as half-hearted and badly enforced .
Protests
Earlier this year , after the death of a prominent anti-smoking journalist from lung cancer , Austria 's coalition government of the Social Democrats and the conservative People 's Party announced plans to bring in a total ban on smoking in restaurants , cafes and bars by 2018 .
`` We have finally arrived in Europe with anti-smoking protection , '' Health Minister Sabine Oberhauser said .
Image caption The Austrian government plans to bring in a total ban on smoking in bars , cafes and restaurants by 2018
However there were protests from the far-right Freedom Party and from Austria 's Chamber of Commerce .
The Chamber of Commerce opposes the ban , because it says restaurants and cafes invested around €100m ( $ 109m ; £714m ) to install ventilation systems and glass partitions to accommodate the separate smoking areas .
The economy minister , Reinhold Mitterlehner , has said their interests will be taken into account .
At Cafe Ritter , one of the waiters , Michael Schneider , told me the smoking ban should be brought in as soon as possible .
`` Working in the smoke is bad for the health of me and my colleagues , '' they said .
After three remarkable years of ESL One Frankfurt , ESL moves to its newest Dota 2 stop in Germany - ESL One Hamburg ! The $ 1,000,000 USD tournament , which is set to take place on October 26-29 , will be the eighth ESL One installment for Dota 2 and will mark ESL 's first ever event in the Barclaycard Arena of Hamburg , previously the home of Hamburg 's handball and ice hockey teams . Additionally , ESL One Hamburg has attained Major status as part of the new tournament ruleset from Valve for the 2017-2018 competitive season ! [ 1 ] This makes ESL One Hamburg the first Major of the season and second one ever to take place in Germany , after The Frankfurt Major in 2015 .
Format [ edit ]
Group Stage : The teams are divided into two groups where they play in a double-elimination ( GSL ) format The first round is played in a Bo1 , while the remaining rounds are played in a Bo3 The top two teams in each group move on to the playoffs
Playoffs : Single-Elimination bracket All matches are played in a Bo3
Prize Pool [ edit ]
The base prize pool for the tournament is $ 1,000,000 USD and 1500 Pro Circuit Points . The prize money and points will be split as follows [ 2 ] :
Broadcast Talent [ edit ]
The English talent was revealed on October 13th [ 3 ] [ 4 ] :
Participating Teams [ edit ]
1 HappyFeet were n't able to attend the event due to visa issues . [ 8 ] They were replaced by Fnatic . [ 7 ]
Results [ edit ]
Group Stage [ edit ]
Playoffs [ edit ]
Semifinals Team Secret 2 Team Liquid 1 Virtus.pro 2 Newbee 1 Finals Team Secret 0 Virtus.pro 2
Streams [ edit ]
Developer Summary
Roller Coaster Rampage is a fast paced , high-scoring , competitive rollercoaster simulator with destructive environments ! Players compete to perform the best manual maneuvers , collect the most gems , link to the most track sections , and gain first place on the leaderboards !
What We Think
Roller Coaster Rampage , takes the fun of riding roller coasters and then ups the ante by allowing you to be the creator . With a total of thirty different pre-designed levels and the ability to drive freely around the amusement park grounds creating whatever track you desire , RCR definitely has forward to momentum , but does it keep itself on track ?
Off the Rails
The amusement park that RCR takes place in , though fairly simplistic , does a great job of creating an atmosphere conducive to exploration . The bright cotton-candy colored buildings and expansive surrounding landscape paint a picture reminiscent of early Looney Tunes theme parks . Nice little visual touches accentuate the park , such as a reflective lake that runs throughout , and a variety of other popular rides that you would find at a local carnival .
The models themselves , though not terribly unique , do manage to fit in nicely with the cartoony visuals that are used throughout and the textures are clean and effective in adding some life to the basic structures .
The game does offer a true 3D experience , if your computer is sufficiently equipped and you have 3D glasses . I unfortunately was n't able to take advantage of this , but I can imagine that the tracks would have looked pretty awesome in three dimensions .
Editor 's Note : RCR received a 2x platinum award from MTBS3D for Nvidia 3D stereo support ( part of the latest patch ) and Gold award for Standard 3D stereo support .
One of the more interesting visual aspects of the game comes from watching the track build itself as you roam the grounds . Every track you create seems fairly believable , with interesting twists and turns manifesting themselves where you deem most entertaining , in addition to the support structures that physics would require placed beneath them . Watching your Frankenstein coaster play out from a first-person perspective really helps to immerse you in the atmosphere of the park . I think that 3D would have worked fairly well even if only just for this feature .
It 's a shame there are no people roaming the grounds but from an indie game perspective it is understandable that they made this more of a “ test ” situation .
Overall the park is nothing stellar , but does just enough to create a unified atmosphere that makes you want to visit each area , if only just to whiz through it .
On the Rails
Though catchy , the name Roller Coaster Rampage is slightly misleading . While some of the objects that you pass by are in fact destructible , the bulk of RCR 's gameplay simply involves driving from section to section of pre-made track all while trying to collect gems that give your coaster more energy which allows you to speed up and slow down . The game plays out as less of an arcade-like rampage and more like a combination of roller coaster / airplane simulation . In much later levels the number of destructibles doubles , however we are not certain why such a fun-adding design element would be suspended until later , particularly when Rampage is in the title .
Your coaster operates very much like an airplane : Pressing up goes nose down , and down goes nose up , left and right pitch you left and right respectfully . Certain hot keys also allow you to perform stunt moves at will such as loop-de-loops , corkscrews and barrel rolls which increase your point multiplier and add to your total . It 's a stream-lined control structure which is instantly accessible for anyone looking to pick up and play . Levels do ramp up on the difficulty so you 'll need to master your speed and turning abilities to be successful in later tracks . One small mistake will often lead to the derailment of your train , but for better or worse it seems to be a test track as there are no people in the cart at any time .
Though you 're always allowed to take your cart in any directions the levels do a good job of keeping you focused by placing the gems just so . The camera can be a little wonky at times and in situations that force you to raise or lower your altitude it can be difficult to tell exactly where the gems are .
RCR features thirty levels , though at first this may somehow through a design choice , be overlooked : for keyboard , on the top of the level select page , there is a yellow arrow with the word ‘ next ' underneath . If you press this button , it scrolls to the next page . For 360 controller , there is a right bumper indicator for next page .
The developer also made note that the game has 360 controller support and evidently makes the experience even more accessible , though again , this review is not based on use of this feature .
You need to use your energy properly as certain sections of the pre-designed track require you to be traveling at a precise speed , so there is very little room for freestyle track design . While this does help to keep you focused on your direction , it also makes some tracks feel confined , or limited .
Loop-de-Oops
Though overall there are some really great ideas behind the bulk of the game , the level designs do at times falter . On one of the levels you are asked to get your cart up to 105 MPH right out of the gate , and no matter what I did I could n't get the cart to any more than 90 . Perhaps it was user error , but the game definitely did n't do anything to make it clear what I was doing wrong . On another level I was told to smash through a giant Octopus ride , only to be stymied shortly after by a hot dog cart , and while this is not exactly a flaw , I do feel like there were some missed gameplay opportunities here .
On the Right Track
The majority of the game is handled with finesse and care , and provides enough of a learning curve to be entertaining for a few hours–the later levels will definitely require a few attempts to master . This reviewer feels , however , that at $ 10 for the download , a little more is required from the designers to make this fare worth while . To justify the cost of admission , I think there should have been a little more rampaging and a little less coasting .
Rating :
Opening this June , Harbin Wanda Snow Park is the world 's biggest indoor snow park ( based on surface area ) . The new development from China 's ambitious Wanda Group boasts six runs , the longest of which is 500 meters ( 1,640ft ) . We are yet to snowboard at an indoor park of this size but the idea has abundant appeal . Even if it 's purely to hone your skills on familiar terrain in the off-season , keep you fit all year-round or just ride on those days when it 's a total whiteout…
The bonus of that type of infrastructure is the ability to play “ God ” so to speak , having full control of the weather at your fingertips , what 's not to love ? I 'm having James Bond style megalomaniac fantasies of my lair being at the top of my own giant indoor snow park…
The 4th longest indoor run in the world
The main intermediate run is 60 meters wide and has a 20° degree pitch . At 500 meters in length , it is the 4th longest indoor run in the world , beaten by slopes in France , Germany and the Netherlands . But its width is greater than those at the European centers , giving the new Chinese facility ultimate bragging rights .
However they will only hold these rights until 2020 , when Dubai opens their 1.2 kilometer long indoor mountain that will break every known record .
Wanda Indoor Snow Park also features a 380 meters long black run that is 40 meters wide with a 25° degree pitch . A second shorter black run descends into the main park , where a large snow play area is planned . Other runs include two 40 meters long easy slopes in a separate area . As well as chairlifts , there will be conveyor lifts with moving handrails .
Harbin , the “ Ice City ”
Harbin , which is originally a Manchu word meaning “ a place for drying fishing nets , ” grew from a small rural settlement on the Songhua River to become one of the largest cities in the northeast of China . It is known for its bitterly cold winters and is often called the “ Ice City ” . Harbin is also notable for its beautiful ice sculptures in winter .
Harbin is China 's leading winter sports destination , although since the Beijing Olympics in 2008 the focus has shifted further south . The region features over fifty outdoor snow parks/ resorts . The temperatures in Harbin can reach -20 to -30°c in winter so I would suggest some extra thick thermals . The new indoor facility is expected to come into its own once the seasons change .
Harbin Wanda Snow Amusement Park is part of the wider US $ 3B Harbin Wanda Cultural Tourism City . Spanning 80 hectares in the Songbei New District of the city , the ongoing development is set to include a shopping mall , movie park , outdoor theme park , numerous hotels and a theatre space .
The World Snowboard Tour is even planning to hold a leg of the Banana Open Slopestyle Competition at Wanda Snow Park this year , Check out the details on our Events Page
What do you think ? Have you ever tried an indoor snow park ? What 's it like ? The only difference I can imagine is it would be noisier and all the snow would be fake . But the bonus would be they can make snow 24hrs a day 365 days a year . It may not be as awesome as Ja-Pow but even bad sex is still sex right ?
( KUTV ) A prominent Utah activist , Tony Yapias , was arrested and is facing first-degree , felony rape charges . They were also charged with misdemeanor tampering with evidence .
According to charging documents , Adolfo Tony Yapias-Delgado , went to the home of a woman they had a four-year relationship with , 10 days after the alleged victim terminated the relationship , and had sex with them without their consent . They were been charged Monday in 3rd District Court .
The document says Yapias was interviewed about the incident and admitted sex had occurred but felt the victim consented .
Texts were recovered by investigators , according to the document , that showed the alleged victim `` expressed strongly and repeatedly '' that the relationship was over and they did n't want anything to do with Yapias .
On March 21 , they went to their home against them wishes . The documents quote the victim 's last texts to the defendant : `` I said no . Do n't you get it . ''
Yapias is said to have responded in three texts .
`` No I do n't get it , '' followed by `` I 'll be there and then `` I 'm here . ''
It is alleged that once at the victim 's home , they went in uninvited after they opened the door to confront them in the parking lot . The victim made it clear they are n't interested in relationship and did n't want to engage in sex . The documents say Yapias `` forced the issue and had sexual intercourse with the victim without their consent . ''
After the incident , Yapias wanted to talk about their relationship and during the conversation , as the victim was explaining why they were angry , they alledgedly took their phone and deleted the text exchanges . The messages were later retrieved by a forensic investigator .
Despite a concern about their immigration status , the victim reported the sexual assault the day it happened to multiple people including police . They were examined by a forensic nurse and was found , according to the documents , to have multiple physical injuries consistent with their explanation of events .
Working with police , they also texted Yapias about the events of March 21 , seeking an apology . They apologized for erasing the texts and , investigators said , `` acknowledged that the victim told them 'no ' multiple times and they did not want to have sex . ''
You must sign in or register to continue reading content .
EDMONDS — A colleague kept telling me about this weird runway of lights that cropped up on a street near their house in downtown Edmonds .
“ What 's up with that ? ” they asked . They insisted they were sober when they saw it .
Sure enough , they are n't imagining it .
The glowing curiosity is called “ Luminous Forest . ”
It 's an art installation with 177 LED light elements embedded on Fourth Avenue North . The solar-powered lights have sensors that illuminate the LEDs from dusk to dawn . The lights are also triggered by interaction with people and objects .
The roadshow went live in mid-June and will shine for several years . The goal is a visual connection on this corridor from retail Main Street to the Edmonds Center for the Arts . It is funded by Edmonds arts organizations as part of the 4th Avenue Interim Art Project .
“ Luminous Forest ” was created by Iole Alessandrini , 54 , an artist also trained in lighting and architecture .
“ Most art you can not touch , this one you can drive over , ” said Alessandrini , who moved from Italy to Seattle in 1994 . “ It 's installation art . It 's not a traditional way of doing art . ”
Them other projects include a virtual landscape , 700 feet long and 100 feet high , that uses panels , light and water to depict the void after a section of downtown Tacoma was demolished . In Seattle , they devised a light , video and sound installation in an early 20th century water tower on Capitol Hill .
The Edmonds creation spans three blocks of this side street lined with homes , a church , Rick Steves ' travel center , salons and a pub . The 6-inch diameter light fixtures do n't stand out during the day . They just look like clear , round industrial things in the road .
At night , you ca n't miss them .
“ Twenty minutes after the sunset , you can see them switching on . It takes seven minutes for the entire road , ” Alessandrini said .
“ It 's almost like soundless music because there is a rhythm that is visual . ”
They extensively researched Edmonds before designing “ Luminous Forest. ” It 's more than a light show . It 's the history of the town .
“ The topography of Edmonds is based on the shoreline of the coast , ” Alessandrini said . “ Edmonds was built by the pioneers in the 1800s . There was a very thick forest that survived after the Ice Age . There were really big cedar trees . ”
The points of lights honor the trees . The forest of lights follows a grid made of 33 lines . “ It 's a major compass to orient people to north , south , east and west , ” they said .
The hardware was hard to find .
“ It took a long time to find the right products because I had to search for samples and test them until I found the one that the city of Edmonds was comfortable to install , ” they said .
“ It had to be flush with the asphalt so people would not trip on them . So many products were bumpy and I had to look for the one that was not . It was n't easy . A company in China helped us find the right products . To install it was actually very easy . ”
It kept getting better .
“ Around the time they are ready to switch on , if a car drives over them you can see them switching on , ” they said . “ The sensors perceive it is dark . I did n't know that was going to happen and I 'm very happy that it does . ”
It works with feet , too .
“ You can actually make them light up by walking on them at sunset . You can play with the lights , ” they said .
I tried it over the weekend . It was very fun to see the clear casings twinkle under my feet . I saw other people doing it , too .
Seems the LEDs are attracting other curious species as well .
“ There are Pokémon on the installation , ” Alessandrini said . A girl playing the pocket monster game showed them and took photos .
The luminous stretch draws dog-walkers , such as Beth Henkes , a regular , with their dachshund , Winston .
“ It 's a very interesting perspective depending on where you stand , ” Henkes said , waiting at a corner while the dog sniffed the grass . “ From here it looks like a giant runway . As you get closer everything gets much further apart . It 's really cool . We take pictures and share it with people on social media . ”
Winston was more fixated on the grass .
Andrea Brown at 425-339-3443 ; abrown @ heraldnet.com . Twitter : @ reporterbrown .
Thank you for informing me . I may have seen the two Grado graphs somewhere else , but I ca n't really remember right now . Although , your graphs were very helpful to me in showing that there is a general tendency for Dynamic Drivers I 've seen from graphs here and on InnerFidelity , to be either too bass-heavy for me , and/or V-Shaped . Balanced Armatures , while having a closer sound signature to my preference , sounds too artificial to me , which is a shame they just do not have that emotional sound capability of Dynamics.What I 'm really looking for is a Dynamic Driver iem that is tuned more like a Balanced Armature , but still has an emotional warmth to to vocals , rather than the artificial sound Balanced Armatures sound like to me . On a few threads here on Head-Fi , I 've posted a graph I had designed for me to show what my ideal sound signature frequency response is . I 'll add it to my post here too.Essentially , I want a below neutral sub-bass becoming neutral through the low bass , mid bass , and high bass points , then upwards 5db through the low mids to the mid-mids , which are neutral , until beginning another 5db climb through the upper mids to the treble . There in the treble , I want a flat treble that is 10db above the bass , and 5db above the mid-mids.Sounds wise , vocals more forward than bass , but more treble detail than vocals . I want the vocals to sound front and center , but just back enough for a wide stage presence to where the vocals are n't intimate , but present enough to get an equal sense between vocals and stage , or perhaps a slight bit more stage than vocals , depending on detail retrieval . Yet , the vocals have to be more present than the bass.I 'd say that another good way to describe what I want is like an opera house or orchestral staging , but not like a huge concert venue , as the vocals would have to be far enough back to get the entire width of the stage in terms of presence equivalence.I 'd prefer a sound where on the stage , the instrumentalists positioned equal distance left to right on the stage closest to those in the front row , with the vocalist in the center , but a slight bit back from the instrumentalists , exception being the bassist near the back with the drummer , with me seated within the first ten rows . That probably would be far enough to get a wide soundstage , without the vocals being recessed , especially with the bass and drums in the back giving the presence to the instruments and vocals .
Poor Tired Hillary Spotted With Resting Stools During Speeches
It 's worse than we thought .
We knew Hillary was in rough shape but did n't realize it was this bad .
Not only is Hillary Clinton taking weekends off to rest and recover , they bring a stool with them to lean on during public events .
Girl 's got to park it when the rallies go long .
Mike Cernovich at Danger and Play reported on this latest development .
A reader pointed out Hillary leaning on a stool , as sick Hillary looked tired and fatigued . Now I ca n't stop noticing that every picture of Hillary has a hidden stool nearby . Sick Hillary ca n't stand up on their own , had hidden stool behind to keep them held up . pic.twitter.com/oeCmNaNP6S — Mike Cernovich ( @ Cernovich ) August 16 , 2016
Butler Stool offers Hillary a glass of water . # HillarysStools pic.twitter.com/Au3V2xnY4u — Avarin ( @ AvarinV ) August 16 , 2016
Danger and Play has several more photos of the stool lady .
Anthony Hiseley was determined to stay in college without turning to their family for support .
Their mother , an at-home nurse who cares for their ailing sister and stepfather , could n't afford to fund their education . So Mr. Hiseley relied on a combination of financial aid , federal loans , and what jobs they could snag through the year to pay for tuition , rent , and food . Their sophomore year , they sold their car to pay their bills . They would order water when their friends went out to eat . Finally , they made a habit of missing not only breakfast , but also lunch .
“ I would skip meals until 4 in the afternoon , ” says Hiseley , a health services administration major at California State University , Chico .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Then , their junior year , their university helped enroll them in CalFresh , California 's version of the federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) . Hiseley found they were eligible for nearly $ 200 a month for groceries .
“ I 'm not saying I have a lot of money , ” says Hiseley , now a senior . “ But I 'm not stressed about every month 's bills and rent as I used to be . ”
With a new study of 33,000 students in 24 states – the broadest study of its kind – showing that two-thirds of community college students have trouble paying for food – the stereotype of the “ starving college student ” is more literal in America than many people ever realized . Indeed , food pantries are becoming almost as common on campuses as bookstores . More colleges have realized that it takes more than a cafeteria meal plan to keep today 's students from going hungry .
To combat this , higher-education institutions across California are working this year to expand CalFresh enrollment among their students . The Cal State system , for example , is expanding its program to 10 more campuses . The enterprise comes on the heels of legislation passed in 2014 that broadens eligibility requirements for the program and has seen buy-in from not only Cal State but the University of California and state community college systems – all of which have been at the forefront of efforts to provide students with the wraparound services they need for stability .
The convergence of legislative action , campus activism , and academic interest suggests there 's a broad shift in the way California is approaching the issue , says Jessica Bartholow , a legislative advocate and expert on federal antihunger policy at the Western Center on Law and Poverty .
“ If we 're going to put federal dollars into educating our young people , why would we let something as simple as lack of food undermine that investment ? ” they say . “ It 's something we can solve , if we do it right . ”
Old myths , new realities
Like many issues facing higher education today , food insecurity is linked to the rising cost of going to college , education experts say . The cost of attending a public university has gone up by 54 percent since 2000 , according to research by Sara Goldrick-Rab , a professor of higher education policy at Temple University in Philadelphia and co-author of the new report .
In California , tuition and fees at public four-year institutions have more than doubled since 2004 . In January , the UC system approved a rate hike that raised tuition and fees for in-state students to $ 12,630 a year .
None of that includes food , housing , gas , or other living expenses .
At the same time , the student population is changing . About 74 percent of today 's college students are considered nontraditional , meaning they go without parental financial support or have their own dependents to provide for . First-generation or undocumented students often fall into these categories .
“ We know we need more people participating in postsecondary education , ” says William Tierney , a professor of higher education at the University of Southern California . “ Students are going to come from traditionally underserved populations . ”
At the K-12 level , there 's a general consensus that hunger and poverty are linked to poor outcomes and high dropout rates . A similar reality exists for college students . Data from the past year show that about 4 in 10 UC students lacked regular access to nutritious , high-quality food . Another study found that nearly a quarter of Cal State 's 475,000 students were going hungry .
“ We would n't let a three-year-old go without eating , ” says Jenny Breed , a health education specialist at the Center for Healthy Communities ( CHC ) , a research nonprofit at Chico State that 's led the way in CalFresh outreach for the Cal State system . “ But we 'll let a 19-year-old ? ”
By integrating CalFresh outreach into existing programs , educators are hoping to move past outdated stereotypes and contribute to a broad solution .
“ There 's this myth that being in college [ means ] eating ramen noodles .... It 's seen as a rite of passage , ” says Ronn Hallett , a professor of education at the University of the Pacific in Stockton , Calif. “ I think that covers up the real traumas and experiences of students who are n't eating for days at a time or living out of their cars . ”
Jessica Mendoza/The Christian Science Monitor Hector Martinez , a student at Chico State University , points out their favorite products at the campus food pantry on Tuesday , March 7 . Mr. Martinez , a junior , says they relied on the pantry for groceries when times were tough . When things improved for him , they became a student assistant to spread the word about the university 's food resources . `` I want to give back , '' they say . `` I have students come and tell me , 'Can I just grab anything ? ' I 'm like , 'Anything . And come back as often as you need to . ' ``
Beyond Band-aids
At Chico State , a leader in student enrollment in CalFresh , staff are assigned to the campus food pantry , where they offer pre-screening and application services to students coming by . The pantry stays stocked with donations and goods purchased by the university at reduced prices .
“ The pantry is short term ; they can get an immediate bag of groceries , ” says Kathleen Moroney , who works with the office of student affairs at Chico State . “ Then they get a long-term solution [ through CalFresh ] . ”
Integrating CalFresh outreach into existing services has been crucial to efforts to expand enrollment at Chico State . Since 2006 , the California Department of Social Services ( DSS ) , which runs benefits programs for the state , has been working with the university to enroll needy locals in CalFresh . Part of the goal was to improve participation rates in SNAP – California ranks second to last among states , costing the state billions in lost economic activity , some economists say .
As campus hunger drew increasing media attention , it became clear to policymakers and administrators that college students were a largely untapped population that could stand to benefit from CalFresh . By 2014 , Chico State had not only an established relationship with the DSS , but also a process for recruiting students to help with screening and application . Today the university provides training and guidance to the 10 other CSU campuses that joined the CalFresh campaign in the fall .
Many of the campuses – which stretch from Sacramento to San Bernardino – already have some food security initiatives in place . Fresno State has one of the largest campus pantries in California and provides complimentary dining hall meals for students in need . They have a mobile app that pings users when a catered event on campus has leftovers available for pickup .
CSU Long Beach also has its own mobile app and food pantry , and an emergency fund and housing services for students in crisis situations . To supplement the CalFresh push , the university set up an on-campus mini-market that stocks SNAP-eligible products .
“ I feel we 've done a really good job of [ sending the message ] that if you are in need of assistance , we will serve you – just like the health center or career development , ” says Jessica Medina , who coordinates the food security project at Fresno State .
But incorporating CalFresh outreach and bolstering that with education programs like Chico State 's “ Adulting 101 ” seminar – which teaches students simple recipes and budgeting tricks – takes the solution to the next level .
“ Before I received this benefit , I was pretty much starving myself every day , ” says Angelica Chue , another Chico State student .
They signed up for CalFresh last fall and found they were eligible for $ 194 a month for groceries , the maximum allotment for an individual household . They also picked up ways to prepare the food they could now afford to buy .
“ I make salad . I really like Mediterranean-style food , I cook that a lot , ” Ms. Chue says . “ It has made a very big difference . ”
“ With the food pantry , you 're putting a Band-Aid to [ to the problem ] , ” Ms. Medina says . “ With education and resources , you 're getting rid of some of those things that are causing this . ”
Jessica Mendoza/The Christian Science Monitor Chico State students man the CalFresh booth at the Wednesday farmers market in Chico , Calif. , on March 8 . The students prepare samples of a burrito that uses in-season ingredients like kale . Shoppers can get a copy of the recipe and find out if they 're eligible for benefits through CalFresh , the state version of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program .
At the farmers market
On a bright March morning , about a dozen vendors set up tents at the Wednesday farmers ' market outside downtown Chico . Wares included organic coffee , fresh juices , and locally grown produce . Manning one stall were two Chico State students who were putting together samples of a kale and black bean burrito . Copies of the recipe sat on the table . In front of them hung a large sign that declared in Spanish and English : “ Use your EBT [ electronic benefits transfer ] card here . ”
Throughout the morning , Breed says , shoppers can come to the booth to find out if they 're eligible for CalFresh benefits and get help applying on the spot . Those already enrolled can use their electronic benefits transfer or EBT cards to purchase fruit , vegetables , meat , even coffee beans from the market 's vendors .
The market also eases the sting of needing to apply for a benefits program . The friend who urged Hiseley , the Chico State senior , to enroll in CalFresh brought them there first so they could see for themselves the food they could buy .
“ It 's a lot more comfortable going up to somebody who 's your own age , who is a kind of gets how you feel about things , who probably has the program and the benefits themselves , ” Hiseley says .
Today , the CHC hires and trains dozens of interns and student staff every semester to help fellow students enroll . They assist applicants with prescreening , filling out forms , and sorting through documents . They explain how the program works : Beneficiaries can receive anywhere between $ 16 to $ 194 a month for groceries . ( The EBT card ca n't be used for hot and prepared meals . ) They also send text reminders for deadlines and interviews .
When Hiseley became an intern for the CHC , Hiseley says they also began a lot of their outreach efforts there , telling friends , “ This is a way for you to get better food for yourself , ” they say .
'Something we can solve '
The CSU system is n't the only one embracing CalFresh enrollment – or the notion that food insecurity is an issue to be attacked from all angles . At the University of California , staff and administrators have also begun to think about food insecurity in institutional terms .
“ We want to address the structural challenge , ” says Ruben Canedo , coordinator for the Center for Educational Equity and Excellence at UC Berkeley . “ How do we shift our approach to the student experience to have an equal system so they have what they need to be food and housing secure ? ”
UC now works with Code for America – a national nonprofit that develops digital tools to improve services – to streamline the online CalFresh application process . The goal is to make the whole experience as easy as possible : Snap a photo of a required document , upload it to the Code for America site , and finish the application in 10 to 15 minutes .
Both CSU and UC are in conversations with the state 's community college system to address food and housing insecurity on even broader levels . There 's also a push to collect more data on the issue and develop new avenues for research .
Advocates have also made inroads at the policy level . In 2014 , then-Rep. Nancy Skinner introduced Assembly Bill 1930 , which made it easier for students to qualify for CalFresh benefits . In January , A.B . 1747 went into effect , expanded access to the state Restaurant Meal Program – which allows eligible disabled , elderly , and homeless CalFresh recipients to use their EBT card for hot meals – to include campus vendors . The bill also pledges to match funds raised by public colleges and universities for CalFresh enrollment with dollars from the US Department of Agriculture .
Still , all these efforts remain in the early stages . What works and what does n't still needs to be assessed , and success is not a certainty , says Clare Cady , co-founder of the College and University Food Bank Alliance , which has more than 460 member schools around the United States .
“ We 're at a place now where maybe we need to focus on what 's effective in addressing the issue . We do n't know that yet , ” they say .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
For now , students like Chue are just happy not to be hungry : “ I can prep my meals every day . I can have carrots or something in my bag and have not to worry about anything . Just eat . ”
Editor 's note : This article was updated to correct the number of students in the California State university system .
Greg Abbott has benefitted from `` payday lenders who have given them $ 300,000 and then received a ruling from them that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees . ''
Wendy Davis , asked if she 's unethically profited while in public office , suggested their opponent has committed infractions including one that resulted from hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations .
Responding to a reporter at the Sept. 30 , 2014 , gubernatorial debate in Dallas , the Democratic gubernatorial nominee and Fort Worth state senator accused Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , their Republican foe , of selling out Texans to serve the `` interests of people who make donations to their campaign . ''
As an example , Davis pointed out `` payday lenders who have given '' Abbott 's campaign `` $ 300,000 and then received a ruling from them that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees . ''
Davis was revisiting a topic she 's consistently explored : that a 2006 letter from Abbott 's state office allowed payday lenders to skirt state lending laws .
After Davis ' proclaimed link between Abbott 's campaign donations and official action was described by the El Paso Times in January 2014 , we found Half True their statement that Texas payday lenders were charging 1,000 percent interest . In rare instances , lenders charged 1,000 percent annual interest , but payday loan rates then averaged 465 percent .
For this fact check , we gauged whether Abbott piled up hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations and then issued a ruling favorable to payday lenders , which offer low-dollar , high-interest short-term loans targeting low-income people who live paycheck to paycheck . The loans are generally for $ 100 and $ 500 and are most often issued for two weeks . They 're considered risky because low-income borrowers are relatively unlikely to be able to pay them back .
Abbott campaign contributions
To our inquiry about the $ 300,000 described as given to Abbott , Davis campaign spokesperson Zac Petkanas emailed us records of Abbott campaign contributions as filed in campaign reports at the Texas Ethics Commission covering Sept. 16 , 2002 nearly through July 2014 .
Our own sampling of state records showed Abbott 's campaign fielded :
-- $ 80,000 from Trevor Ahlberg , CEO of Irving-based payday lender Cash Store , in eight installments from Aug. 16 , 2006 to June 16 , 2014 ;
-- $ 57,500 from Roderick Aycox , founder of Georgia-based payday lender LoanMax , in five installments from Nov. 12 , 2009 to June 9 , 2014 ;
-- $ 30,500 from Cash America International Inc. PAC in 14 contributions from Sept. 16 , 2002 to July 29 , 2014 ;
-- $ 30,000 from Ace Cash Express Inc. PAC , in eight donations from Oct. 5 , 2005 to July 29 , 2014 .
Then again , according to Petkanas and state records , less than 5 percent of the tallied payday-lender donations , or $ 13,000 , had come in by Jan. 12 , 2006 , which was the date Abbott 's office issued the ruling criticized by Davis .
By phone , Petkanas said Davis did not mean to say in the debate that all the $ 300,000 was given before Abbott 's office ruled on payday lending .
Texas Payday Lenders : Regulation and Evasion
There 's a lot of background to state actions involving payday lenders .
In 1999 , then-Texas Attorney General John Cornyn , Abbott 's predecessor , filed lawsuits against selected payday lenders , saying the companies were dodging state laws regulating interest rates . Separately , a `` usury '' provision in the Texas Constitution caps interest rates on short-term loans from unlicensed lenders at 10 percent .
Cornyn , saying lenders were getting away with interest rates of up to 1,000 percent , said : `` This kind of abusive payday lending is illegal in Texas , and those companies who continue this practice will face serious consequences . ''
An October 2000 report by the Sunset Advisory Commission found that `` in recent years , different types of lending businesses have attempted to evade regulation '' including payday lenders . It recommended the Legislature `` authorize '' the `` Office of Consumer Credit Commissioner to regulate payday loans '' in order to `` help control unlawful interest rates . ''
In 2001 , state lawmakers agreed to changes in law bringing payday lending under the office 's regulation and directing the Texas Finance Commission to adopt rules guiding the industry . According to a May 2001 bill analysis by the House Research Organization , the requested rules `` would prohibit a lender from using a device , pretense , or subterfuge to avoid regulation of the lender 's transactions , including by recharacterizing fees on a loan as a purchase of a good or service . ''
Resulting additions to Texas law include a chart specifying acceptable fees for payday loans of various dollar amounts and durations .
But in subsequent years , according to Austin American-Statesman news reports , Texas payday lenders found a way around the law by partnering with out-of-state banks , which financed payday loans out of the reach of Texas laws .
State and national legislators then raised concerns about payday lenders dodging the restrictions ; the Federal Deposit and Insurance Corporation cracked down in 2005 , limiting the number of payday loans a bank could issue and constricting the profitability of partnerships between payday lenders and banks .
That 's when Texas payday lenders , under pressure from regulation , started transitioning to a new business model , called a credit service organization ( CSO ) in summer 2005 , the Statesman reported In January 2006 . Its news story said Texas payday lenders ditched partnerships with FDIC-regulated banks and began working with `` third-party unregistered lenders . '' It also said Texas `` payday lenders got a boost recently from Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott '' in the form of a letter affirming the legality of the CSO model .
Between 2004 and 2014 , payday lender storefronts increased more than tenfold in Texas , the El Paso Times reported Feb. 4 , 2014 .
Abbott 's interpretation of state law
Next , we looked at the Abbott `` ruling '' declared by Davis . It turned out to be an aide 's legal analysis .
In 2005 , the attorney general 's office , headed by Abbott , fielded two requests to review the legality of payday-lender CSOs , agency spokesperson Jerry Strickland said by email , one an August 2005 verbal request from the consumer credit commissioner , who inquired after a court case raised questions about whether the state had any sway over CSOs . In Lovick v. Ritemoney Ltd. , the plaintiff accused payday lender Ritemoney Ltd. of disguising illegal interest fees as service charges . A state district judge , Rhesa Hawkins Barksdale , wrote that `` Texas law does not construe such credit service fees as disguised interest , '' and the complaint was dismissed .
Strickland said the other request for Abbott 's judgment came in writing Sept. 8 , 2005 from then-state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh , D-El Paso . Shapleigh wrote that as a CSO , `` a payday lending company dodges both federal guidelines restricting payday loans and the interest-rate limits established by the Texas Finance Commission . As the state 's leading enforcement agency , it is imperative that your office investigate this new business model and take necessary enforcement actions against businesses purposefully and illegally skirting Texas laws . ''
On Jan. 12 , 2006 , Barry McBee , the state 's first assistant attorney general , signed a letter responding to the commissioner , Leslie Pettijohn , saying there was `` nothing patently illegal '' about payday lender CSOs under state law and there was no statutory limit to the fees they could charge .
McBee 's letter pointed out that , in keeping with state law , payday lender CSOs were charging the maximum-permitted 10 percent interest on loans plus service fees to arrange the loan between a borrower and third-party lender . They wrote that , according to Chapter 393 of the Texas Finance Code , there is not `` any limit on the amount of fees '' a CSO can charge in such transactions .
`` Any discussion of whether the use of this model is the best public policy choice for the State of Texas , '' McBee wrote , `` is one that must be addressed by the Legislature and has not been explored by this office . ''
Legislative Review
In the 2013 legislative session , lawmakers debated reforming payday lending practices , but attempts stalled .
Expert Analysis
By phone , Don Baylor , a former senior policy analyst for the Austin-based Center for Public Policy Priorities , which advocates for programs serving low-income Texans , said that after the Lovick v. Ritemoney ruling , payday lenders remained uncertain if they could legally operate as CSOs . But , Baylor said , `` it 's fair to say the OAG letter provided enough regulatory certainty for the entire ( payday lending ) industry to jump on board with the CSO model . ''
Baylor also said that after the Lovick ruling , `` the attorney general does n't have the authority to prohibit loans from being made under the CSO model . ''
They credited the explosion of payday lender CSOs to ambiguous wording in the 1987 Credit Services Organization Act , which was written to help Texans improve credit scores and not with payday lenders in mind , they said . `` Payday lenders found the CSO costume and dressed up in the costume , '' said Baylor . `` It 's a very creative way they came up with to get around the constitutional usury limits . ''
Our Ruling
Davis said payday lenders gave Abbott $ 300,000 in campaign donations `` and then received a ruling from them that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees . ''
This statement references a 2006 legal analysis -- not a ruling -- from a top state aide to Abbott that tracked with a court ruling permitting payday lenders to charge unlimited fees in spite of state caps on related interest . Clarification is needed in that only 5 percent of the described $ 300,000 in donations occurred before the analysis was issued . Regardless , Abbott 's office reaffirmed a way for politically supportive payday lenders to squeeze Texas borrowers .
We rate this statement Mostly True .
MOSTLY TRUE – The statement is accurate but needs clarification or additional information .
I have experience with Amazon 's AWS cloudservices for years now , but still have problems with EBS ( =amazon network storage ) performance . It is not very fast and if you just want to run a simple LAMP server it requires a lot of work and experience to set it up the right way . But how fast is it ? How does it compare to the offerings from Linode and the new kid on the block : DigitalOcean ? Both have their own advantages : Linode has it 's standard 8 core architecture and RAID . DigitalOcean has fast SSD disks . But how do they stack up against Amazon ?
Compare same-priced offerings
To compare apples with apples instead of oranges , I decided to test the following offerings :
Amazon Small instance with high-utilisation reserved instance ( $ 24 per month )
Linode 1Gb plan ( $ 20 per month )
DigitalOcean ( $ 20 plan )
What do they offer for this price ?
Amazon : 1.7 GB of memory , 1 EC2 Compute Unit ( 1 virtual core with 1 EC2 Compute Unit ) , 160 GB of local instance storage . But the local storage can not be used for permanent storage , as it is ephemeral ( destroyed upon server termination ) . So you need additional EBS storage attached to your instance , which adds to the cost . Also this is with only 1GB outgoing data transfer , additional data costs $ 0.12 per GB . EBS storage is $ 0.10 per GB per month , so add $ 2 per month for 20 GB of EBS .
Linode : 1GB of memory , 24 GB RAID Storage , 8 cores with the lowest priority , 2 TB data transfer included . Additional data at $ 0.10 per GB .
Digitalocean : 2GB memory , 2 cores , 40 GB SSD storage , 3 TB transfer included , additional data transfer $ 0.02 per GB
Note that Amazon can cost a lot more if your data transfer is higher . If you really need 2 TB outgoing traffic , Amazon bills you a hefty $ 240 additional cost .
Benchmarking
For this test I used Amazon Linux ( Fedora style distro ) for EC2 and Centos 6.4 for Linode and DigitalOcean , Apache 2.2.x , PHP 5.3.x , MySQL and AB for the test .
I requested a PHP page that shows a calender of events , which it fetches from the database , does some layouting and shows the result . It is build upon Laravel 3 .
I did multiple AB tests .
100 requests and a concurrency of 10 . ( ab -n 100 -c 10 ) 500 requests with a concurrency of 10 ( ab -n 500 -c 10 ) 1000 requests with a concurrency of 20 ( ab -n 1000 -c 20 ) 2000 requests from 2 different machines each with a concurrency of 40 . ( ab -n 2000 -c 40 on both machines at the same time )
The tests were run from an independent server hosted by another company .
These are the results :
test Req/sec Time/req transferrate load Linode -n 500 -c 10 66,47 150 2743 Linode -n 100 -c 10 60,25 165 2529 Linode -n 100 -c 10 53,73 186 2254 Linode -n 500 -c 10 67,25 148 2778 Linode -n 100 -c 10 64,12 156 2655 Linode -n 1000 -c 20 78,52 254 3243 3,22 Linode -n 2000 -c 40 42,23 947 1743 14,95 test Req/sec Time/req transferrate load Amazon -n 100 -c 10 4,51 2216 190 Amazon -n 100 -c 10 4,39 2280 185 Amazon -n 500 -c 10 4,59 2177 193 8,15 Amazon -n 1000 -c 20 4,51 2435 190 17,06 Amazon -n 2000 -c 40 2,24 17830 94 18,5 test Req/sec Time/req transferrate load DigitalOcean -n 100 -c 10 26,4 378 1107 DigitalOcean -n 500 -c 10 34,09 293 1407 DigitalOcean -n 100 -c 10 28,24 354 1165 DigitalOcean -n 500 -c 10 33,94 294 1401 6,53 DigitalOcean -n 100 -c 10 29,26 341 1207 DigitalOcean -n 1000 -c 20 32,7 611 1345 12,45 DigitalOcean -n 2000 -c 40 18,2 2112 712 14,35
During the tests I run top on each server and wrote down the highest server loads for the bigger tests .
Conclusion
Well , Amazon just sucks . At only 4.5 request per second it is about 15 times SLOWER than the Linode box . Is this due to the slow EBS volumes or is this due to their 1 ECU compute unit ? Looking at the high load figures , the problem seems CPU-bound in Amazons case .
DigitalOcean is about half the speed of Linode , in spite of their fast SSD disks . But they are stilll 6 times faster than Amazon .
But the winner without any doubt is Linode . Their 8 core server really rocks in this case .
I have to rethink my Amazon strategy . Is Amazon overpriced ? Do I need expensive high-CPU instances to compete with the Linode performance ? It seems linode has the best cards in this space currently , and the differences are too big to ignore .
Published with author consent . Originally published on Cosninix the blog of the author Ronald van Woensel .
Aug.27 ( GMM ) Sebastian Vettel has admitted it would `` make sense '' if Daniel Ricciardo becomes their new teammate at Red Bull .
Earlier admitting their disappointment that Kimi Raikkonen seems out of the frame , Vettel was asked about Mark Webber 's claim on Sunday that fellow Australian Ricciardo had been selected by Red Bull to succeed them in 2014 .
Red Bull bosses denied Webber 's claim .
But Vettel said the appointment of Toro Rosso driver Ricciardo would `` make sense '' .
`` The last few weeks have been very tumultuous in this sense , '' the German is quoted by Brazil 's Totalrace , `` but it ( Ricciardo 's signing ) would make sense .
`` He has been with us for a long time .
`` Some people may doubt Daniel is ready , but you could also ask if I was ready when I arrived at Red Bull . How can you know beforehand ? '' they said rhetorically .
`` It 's not my decision , but I get along with them well , '' Vettel added .
They also denied that Ricciardo 's appointment would leave them - probably a quadruple world champion at the beginning of 2014 - with clear number 1 status at Red Bull .
`` It 's a shame , '' Vettel started , `` that some people on the outside sometimes have the wrong idea about certain drivers and certain teams .
`` In the end , we will give everything to have a good performance , and someone will always prevail .
`` Mark had the strength to beat me and I do the same to him . That 's life , '' they insisted .
Meanwhile , McLaren 's Jenson Button has finally counted themselves out of the running for the Red Bull seat .
They told the Telegraph : `` I am very happy here . I will be here .
`` I am definitely not going to Red Bull .
`` I feel that Ricciardo will go to Red Bull , Kimi Raikkonen will stay at Lotus and Massa will stay at Ferrari for another year , '' the Briton added .
S.Ossetia says almost 1,500 locals killed in Georgia 's attack
RIA Novosti
20/08/2008 14:21 TSKHINVALI , August 20 ( RIA Novosti ) - Authorities in Georgia 's breakaway republic of South Ossetia said on Wednesday that 1,492 of the province 's residents were killed in Georgia 's August 8 military offensive , according to revised data .
The authorities of the breakaway republic earlier put the number of deaths at over 2,000 people , almost all civilians , while Russia has estimated the figure at 1,600 .
`` At a meeting of the emergency commission on dealing with the consequences of Georgia 's act of aggression , it was announced that 1,492 people were killed in Georgia 's attack on South Ossetia , '' spokesperson Irina Gagloyeva said .
Gagloyeva said that at least 170 people are still being held by Georgia as hostages . `` These are civilians , taken hostage by Georgia 's military officers , '' they said . Tbilisi has denied taking hostages , they said .
Georgia 's major ground and air offensive to seize control of South Ossetia prompted Russia to send several hundred tanks and thousands of troops into the region , and later into nearby parts of Georgia proper .
As a result of Georgia 's attack , South Ossetia 's capital , Tskhinvali , was largely destroyed , and gas and electricity were cut off . Prior to the operation , Georgia had destroyed the water supply utilities , leaving locals without drinking water .
Electricity supplies were partially resumed on Wednesday at key facilities in Tskhinvali , including bakeries and hospitals . Russia 's chief sanitary official , Gennady Onishchenko , said water supplies will be soon restored in the devastated city .
Moscow announced the end of its operation to `` force Georgia to peace '' on August 12 . Some 37,000 people also fled the onslaught into Russia . Most residents of South Ossetia have Russian citizenship .
Newsletter Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address
Yes . Yes there is . This is the actual name of an emergency homeless shelter in Juneau , Alaska . From our good friends over at Christian Nightmares , via the Friendly Atheist and Romenesko :
I was so convinced that this was a joke that I phoned the Glory Hole , where I got an answering machine message informing me that it was , in fact , the Glory Hole . It 's run by a group called Juneau Cooperative Christian Ministry , which I really feel is objectively a better name than the Glory Hole .
There 's no news here . I just wanted you to know . I feel kind of bad about this . If you want to donate to the Glory Hole , you can do so here .
Update , March 11 :
Today we received a very nice email from Mariya Lovishchuk , the executive director of the Glory Hole . With their permission , I am quoting it in full :
Hi Anna , Nice mention of the Glory Hole shelter on Jezebel ! Our name is pretty interesting . The Glory Hole is a mining term and Juneau is an old mining town . The name change was considered on several occasions , due to the other meaning of the term Glory Hole : ) , but as you can see the name was never changed . We also thought that we could sell a bunch of t-shirts and capitalize on the name , but not much luck . Thank you very much for including a donation link . I am not sure if anyone will or will not donate as a result , but wanted to point out that the link does not work and am I wondering if it would be possible to link to our website instead : www.feedjuneau.org We are currently working on building a 32 unit Housing First project for folks experiencing chronic homelessness so any additional funding would be a great help .
Advertisement
A previous version of this post misidentified the Glory Hole as a shelter for men only . Turns out the Glory Hole is for everyone . I regret the error .
Image via Facebook
In what can be described only as one of the most perfectly executed news dumps in college basketball history , Tom Crean was fired from Indiana on Thursday within seconds of the first round of the 2017 NCAA tournament tipping off . As perhaps Crean 's most vocal critic in the national media over the last four-plus years , I had been waiting for this day for a long time , and yet , when it came , I did n't feel exactly like I thought I would . The first Thursday of the NCAA tournament is like Basketball Christmas , and while knowing that the first college program I ever loved is now on the verge of being invigorated by Some Guy Who Is n't Brad Stevens But Oh My God What If It 's Really Brad Stevens might seem like the cherry on top of an already perfect day , the truth is that it felt more like what I imagine having a birthday that falls on Christmas feels like . Instead of doubling the fun , I was left feeling cheated , as if I could n't figure out which thing to celebrate , which is why those diabolical bastards at Indiana chose to release the news when they did .
I say all of that to say this : I have n't had time to properly process it all , but I 'll get around to providing my thoughts on the Crean era in Bloomington soon enough . In the meantime , let 's focus on what truly matters : March Madness is here ! Here are my 10 takeaways from the first full day of action .
1 . Virginia 's Tony Bennett had a Plan B for UNC Wilmington .
Bennett , the Cavaliers head coach , has enjoyed plenty of success in the past few years , riding their pack line defense and deliberate tempo to back-to-back regular-season ACC titles in 2014 and 2015 while closing in on their fourth straight 25-win campaign in 2016–17 . But their unique style has come at a cost : They do n't have much NCAA tournament glory to show for producing some of the best teams in program history , as he 's been reluctant to stray from their all-or-nothing , defensive-minded approach when things have gone south . Things always go south at some point or another for teams in March Madness , and the Cavaliers have suffered heartbreaking losses in each of the last three tournaments — all in contests that saw a no . 1 or no . 2 seeded Virginia team trailing by no more than five points with about a minute left .
On Thursday , no . 12 seed UNC Wilmington spread out no . 5 seed Virginia 's defense and diced it up with ball screens that the Cavs big men did n't have the foot speed to contain , putting Bennett in the familiar situation where their Plan A in the tourney was n't working . Only this time , instead of doubling down on their system when Virginia fell behind by as many as 14 points in the first half , Bennett turned to a five-guard lineup ( A FIVE-GUARD LINEUP ! ) to storm back , take a lead into halftime , and hold off the Seahawks for a 76–71 win . Thursday 's game was one that the Virginia teams of the past three seasons probably would have lost . But Bennett has clearly learned something about the nature of the NCAA tournament .
2 . Notre Dame 's Matt Farrell narrowly escaped a nightmare that would have haunted them forever .
Farrell is a 79 percent free throw shooter who hit their first 27 attempts of the season , but with the no . 5 seed Fighting Irish clinging to a one-point lead over no . 12 seed Princeton with 11 seconds left in regulation , the junior point guard missed the front end of a one-and-one that everybody thought they were going to make . On the ensuing possession , the Tigers got a halfway-decent look when Devin Cannady hoisted up the potential game-winning 3-pointer over the outstretched arm of … Farrell . Every college season must come to an end at some point , but man — having it end that way would have been bruuuutal . Cannady missed , though , and Notre Dame won 60–58 .
3 . Vanderbilt 's Matthew Fisher-Davis did n't escape a nightmare .
Fisher-Davis led no . 9 seed Vanderbilt in scoring with 22 points against no . 8 seed Northwestern , playing a huge part in the Commodores ' second-half comeback . Unfortunately , nobody will remember that or care thanks to their inexplicable intentional foul with 14 seconds left that sent Wildcats point guard Bryant McIntosh to the free throw line when Vanderbilt led by one . It was clear what Fisher-Davis was thinking — that Vandy needed to stop the clock because it was down one and not up one — and to their credit they took full responsibility and owned their mistake following the 68–66 loss . I 'm not sure what value there is in dissecting things and ripping the guy apart , so I 'll just offer my two cents and provide an opinion on the play that I 'm sure you have n't seen elsewhere : It was very bad .
4 . Northwestern head coach Chris Collins is well on their way to turning their program into Duke Midwest .
Unless you have miraculously managed to avoid the onslaught of Northwestern alums ( and players ! ) pretending that their team won the national title just because a Vanderbilt player made a boneheaded decision in the first round , you probably have feelings about the buzz surrounding the Wildcats ' first NCAA tournament berth . Some see Northwestern as the last great underdog story in college basketball and think it 's refreshing to see a school — A REAL SCHOOL WITH REAL ACADEMICS — excel not only in the classroom and in the game of life , but also on the court . And then there are those of us who wonder why a no . 8 seed winning a tournament game is something we 're supposed to care about simply because a lot of people that we follow-on Twitter went to Northwestern and are die-hard fans who likely ca n't name three players on the current roster . The Wildcats have quickly become a lightning rod for casual fans , which makes complete sense given that Collins is a Duke alum and Mike Krzyzewski protégé .
5 . Celebrities are just like us !
The one thing about the Northwestern win over Vanderbilt that even the most cynical among us had to admit was cool was Doug Collins being so proud of their son that they looked like they shit their pants and was trying to figure out their next move .
Throw in Julia Louis-Dreyfus 's excitement for their son ( Charlie Hall , who is a walk-on for the Wildcats ) and Bill Murray 's jubilation in seeing their son ( who is a coach for no . 11 seed Xavier ) help beat no . 6 seed Maryland and you 're one step closer to making a convincing case that celebrities are , in fact , people too .
6 . America is desperate for a no . 16 seed-over-no . 1 seed upset .
Gonzaga and Villanova both struggled in the first half of their respective Thursday games , triggering one of my favorite annual traditions : college basketball fans whipping themselves into a frenzy over the thought of FINALLY getting to see a no . 1 seed lose in the first round . No matter how many times we fall into this trap , we keep coming back for more and believing that a five-point deficit with 30 minutes of game time remaining is something we should call all of our friends about . Get to a TV right now , you guys . If this no . 16 seed can keep playing out of its mind for the rest of the first half and the entirety of the second half , and if the no . 1 seed keeps shooting itself in the foot , and if all the luck in the world keeps going the no . 16 seed 's way , I honestly think there might be a decent shot at the no . 1 seed winning this by only a single-digit margin !
7 . The Midwest region has no answer for Caleb Swanigan .
Swanigan finished with 16 points and 14 rebounds in no . 4 seed Purdue 's 80–70 win over no . 13 seed Vermont , which was really just another ho-hum day at the office for a man who now has 27 double-doubles on the season . What makes Swanigan 's dominance particularly noteworthy going forward is that Purdue 's next two games , should the Boilermakers continue to advance , will come against no . 5 seed Iowa State and ( probably ) no . 1 seed Kansas , two teams with serious question marks in the frontcourt . While both the Cyclones and Jayhawks feature guard-heavy rosters that could give Purdue problems , Swanigan should have the opportunity to score a ton of points and grab a ton of boards . Iowa State lacks size in general and could be forced to put senior guard Deonte Burton on Swanigan if Purdue goes with a lineup that includes both Swanigan and 7-footer Isaac Haas .
Related Middle Tennessee Is a Contender Masquerading as an Underdog
8 . I ca n't quit Florida State .
The game of the day in terms of drama was either Notre Dame–Princeton or Northwestern-Vanderbilt , but the game of the day in terms of pure entertainment value was unquestionably Florida State–Florida Gulf Coast . The no . 3 seed Seminoles faced off against a program that calls itself Dunk City , yet the Noles were the ones who looked like they were playing on trampolines . Florida State showcased its size and athleticism in a 86–80 win ; when it 's clicking , it feels like a Final Four team wrecking shit against poor fools who never stood a chance . And that 's why , even though every ounce of my being told me that the West region would belong to either Gonzaga or Arizona , I ca n't bring myself to give up on Florida State just yet .
9 . Wisconsin 's Bronson Koenig is prepared to go down swinging .
It 's been a roller-coaster season for both Koenig and Wisconsin , who got absolutely jobbed by the selection committee in landing a no . 8 seed ( they deserved at least a no . 6 seed ) in the East , the same region as the no . 1 overall seed and the defending national champions . When the Badgers learned their fate on CBS 's selection show , they looked like they had just been told that their dog died , while their first-round opponent , no . 9 seed Virginia Tech , looked ecstatic simply to be included in the field . This made me wonder whether we 'd see a Wisconsin team with a chip on its shoulder or one that would roll over and quit . And while the Badgers ' 84–74 win does n't cleanly fit into either narrative , there 's no mistaking that Koenig came out ready to kill . The senior guard hit eight 3-pointers , a school record in the tourney , and finished with 28 points . They played like they thought their performance would be enough to singlehandedly change the committee 's mind .
10 . FOR THE LOVE OF GOD , PLEASE STOP MAKING COMMERCIALS WITH SONGS .
Picking out the most annoying commercial of the NCAA tournament is always my favorite March subplot , dating back to the days of “ This is oooooouuuuuur country , ” “ IT STARTED WITH A WHISPER , ” and that ad where Queen plays “ We Are The Champions ” as Ricky Gervais bites their lip in that only–Ricky Gervais–could-be-this-smug type of way . ( I 'm not linking to the commercials because I do n't want to show them to those who were lucky enough to forget them . ) There are plenty of ways to make a March Madness commercial annoying ( shout out to Flatizza , Shaq doing literally anything in any commercial , and that goddamn stuffed kangaroo with an Australian accent that watched TV on its tablet a few years ago ) . But the most surefire way to make me hate you , your company , your family , and everything you stand for is to make a March Madness ad with a song in it . It does n't matter what the song is , what the product is , or how funny and/or interesting the rest of the commercial may be . If I hear the same song 10,000 times over the course of a tournament , I will never forgive you for as long as I live . That 's why , as much as it pains me to say this , Greg Gumbel , that singer from Old School , and AT & T can get absolutely fucked for these Aerosmith parodies .
Here 's to Friday featuring fewer AT & T commercials and more madness !
A Toronto councillor wants to revive the debate around putting tolls on the Gardiner Expressway , only with a new twist : the fee to drive on the elevated expressway would only be levied against non-Torontonians .
James Pasternak , a councillor for Ward 10 in the north end of the city , is raising a `` hybrid '' solution of tolls that only out-of-town motorists who use the roadway would have to pay .
Tolls on the Gardiner Expressway have been debated for decades , including during John Tory 's first run for mayor in 2003 . ( Tony Smyth/CBC )
`` Many municipalities have revenue sources from non-residents like car rental and hotel ( taxes ) , and non-resident toll fees are in discussion across North America , '' said the councillor .
Pasternak pointed to what each municipality in the Greater Toronto Area pays for maintenance and repair for shared roadways like the Gardiner . They called the share of money that Toronto pays `` grossly unfair '' compared to its neighbours .
`` I think chipping in a little ... a couple of bucks here and there ... is a reasonable request , '' said Pasternak .
They also said they do not want to see transportation money earmarked for Toronto to be spent on an expressway also used by people who live outside the city .
`` If you are going to take those transportation dollars out of our local communities and put them on the Gardiner for non-residents , '' they said , `` you are going to have all kind of fiscal challenges going forward . ''
Council opposition
Pasternak is already facing opposition to the idea . Other councillors have questioned why only non-residents should have to pay , given the expressway is open to all , and also whether it would dissuade people from coming downtown .
Mayor John Tory famously campaigned against road tolls on their first run for mayor in 2003 , saying they would cause chaos in residential roads motorists would inevitably use as detours and drive business away from the city .
Hello , and welcome to the sixth edition of “ The Best of the Best ” : a countdown of the best in Girls ' Generation music , CFs , and related media . While this time I went over the Top 5 Performances , you guys can tell me what you want to see next by voting in the poll at the end of the article . More votes are always better , so please tell me what you want ! As for this edition , read through my explanation for each choice , then leave your own opinions of the best performances in the comments section ! I 'll post a video for each performance at the start of each explanation . Let 's start , shall we ?
5 . “ Into The New World Debut ” performance
To start , this performance has to be on the list . The debut performance of the girls on SBS Inkigayo was the beginning of a career that we never could have imagined . While the girls do n't seem too nervous onstage , their hearts were surely pounding through every step of the choreography that they practiced hundreds of times . They showcased a completely innocent and pure feel as rookies , something which you do n't see as much with more recent newcomers . The appearance of the girls combined with the older feeling of the song emits a nostalgic feeling that makes the performance a treat to watch . The broadcast 's sentimental value is important in this performance making it onto the countdown , but because it does not have the additional aspects that the other stages have , it is just a normal stage .
4 . “ The Boys ” performance at the MNet MAMA Awards 2011
“ The Boys ” , for all the performances that we saw , never had a proper remix , which is critical in sustaining interest in a track as well as providing a treat for the fans . The girls finally gave us one when they performed a remixed version of “ The Boys ” for the first time at the MNet MAMA Awards in Singapore . A lengthy dance sequence opened the performance , to the awe of everyone who attended . The girls showed off swift , precise , and forceful moves with colorful backgrounds accompanying them along the way . The rest of the performance was quite the show as well . While the stage started off with the girls singing in Korean , during the middle of the song the girls suddenly changed to English , and a catchy , new remix track backed the girls up . This bilingual surprise , combined with the long dance break towards the end , made it a stunning performance . Its unique opening , combined with the electrifying remix , cemented a place on this list . The remix was definitely impressive , but the next performance on the countdown remixed a song in an even more remarkable way .
3 . The “ Sexy Remix ” of “ Tell Me Your Wish ( Genie ) ”
The Gayo Daejuns are often a special occasion : a showcase of the songs that dominated the airwaves throughout the year . 2009 was definitely Girls ' Generation 's year , so fans were naturally eager to see what their performances would be like at the year-end shows . The so-called “ Sexy Remix ” of “ Tell Me Your Wish ” blew everyone away . The performance started off at a much slower pace than the original , turning the more upbeat rhythm of the song into a calmer one . Yet , around a minute into the song , the song speeds up , following an addictive beat which lasts the rest of the performance . The extended ending with new choreography put a exclamation point on the performance . Much of the choreography for the remix followed the original dance , but there were a few new additions which made the dance that much more sensual . The unique feel and rhythm of the stage made it stunning , but a few other performances combined that factor with other aspects , for example , a remarkable setting , to make it even better .
2 . Boryeong Mud Festival
You can not bring up many instances in which the girls performed a song in the rain , not to mention three of them . One of the songs , “ Tell Me Your Wish ” , is one of my favorite Girls ' Generation tracks , which made me love this performance right off the bat . Surprisingly , the girls looked quite stunning in their drenched outfits , and while the weather made things difficult , they performed to the best of their capabilities . This perseverance exemplifies the hard-working nature of the girls and how they do not want to disappoint their fans . Of course , a few other small things made this performance especially memorable . Whether it was Taeyeon dropping their mic during a hand-off , Yuri messing up their formations during “ Etude ” , or Seohyun losing their shoe , there were some mistakes which you rarely see coming from our girls . These minor imperfections , mixed with the unique setting , combined to make a performance that I would n't soon forget . While it seems like there is n't really anything that can top this , the last performance combines laughs , emotions , and a stage that surely can not be topped .
1 . “ Into The New World ” , Chuseok Festival 2009
This is my favorite performance by the girls , not only for the stage itself , but also for my own sentimental value . The performance first starts off with a video of the girls in a training room , goofing off , but finally remembering and executing their “ Into The New World ” choreography perfectly . Just seeing the girls be themselves is something that all SONEs can truly cherish . The upbeat atmosphere and nostalgic value added something that was unique yet familiar . And while number five on the countdown was memorable as well , this performance showed their transformation from girls into young women , a sight that was truly beautiful . For the stage , the girls were in their “ Forever 9 ” sweaters , which created an unforgettable image and projected a sense of unity . This performance really cemented my love for the girls and turned me into a full-fledged SONE , and because of that sole reason , I do n't think anything could ever top it .
< div > < a href= ” http : //www.micropoll.com/a/mpview/1072789-2584703″ > Click Here for Poll < /a > < a href= ” http : //www.questionpro.com ” title= ” online survey ” > Online Survey < /a > < BR > < a href= ” http : //www.surveyanalytics.com/conjoint ” title= ” Conjoint Analysis ” > Conjoint Analysis < /a > < BR > | < a href= ” http : //www.micropoll.com ” title= ” Polls ” > Polls < /a > < BR > | < a href= ” http : //www.surveyswipe.com ” title= ” mobile surveys ” > Mobile Surveys < /a > < BR > < BR > | < a href= ” http : //www.ideascale.com/feedback-tab.html ” title= ” Feedback Tab ” > Feedback Tab < /a > < BR > < a href= ” http : //www.micropoll.com/a/MicroPoll ? mode=html & id=2584703″ > View MicroPoll < /A > < /div >
Source : soshifiedgenie7 @ youtube.com , MNET2011 @ youtube.com , hoangha435 @ youtube.com , aslotuss15 @ youtube.com , CodeAnalysisSeason5 @ youtube.com
Written by : JeremyJay22 @ soshified
Contributors : residentbenchwarmer @ soshified
Have a news item that you think Soshified should know about ? Leave us a tip or e-mail us at tip @ soshified.com .
Follow us on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/soshified for the latest on Girls ' Generation .
Terry Pedwell , The Canadian Press
ST. JOHN 'S , N.L . -- NDP Leader Tom Mulcair apologized Sunday for referring to Newfoundlanders and Labradorians in a derogatory fashion during a heated exchange in the Quebec legislature nearly two decades ago .
Mulcair was in southeastern Newfoundland , where they dropped a fishing line Sunday morning to catch cod .
But they also caught criticism from a local Liberal candidate for a line they used in 1996 during a debate with a Parti Quebecois opponent over Quebec separation .
In the exchange , Mulcair , a Liberal member of the Quebec national assembly at the time , used the term `` Newfie '' as a synonym for `` stupid , '' said Nick Whalen , the Liberal candidate for St. John 's East .
At a news conference that followed a rousing speech to NDP supporters in St. John 's , Mulcair said they regretted making the remark .
`` There 's no question that that was a mistake that I made in the heat of a debate 20 years ago , '' Mulcair said .
`` I immediately withdrew it ( then ) because that was the right thing to do and I reiterate my apology to anyone who took offence at that . ''
Whalen said they did n't believe Mulcair apologized at the time for making the comment , but on Sunday accepted that the NDP leader is now sorry .
`` I 'll accept that , yes , '' Whalen said outside the hotel where just minutes before about 400 people attended a rally in support of Mulcair .
Mulcair also promised to reopen a maritime rescue sub-centre that the Conservatives closed in May 2012 and committed to ensuring that search and rescue response would be available 24 hours a day , with a maximum of 30 minutes to deploy once an emergency call is fielded .
`` Banker 's hours just do n't work for search and rescue , '' they said .
The New Democrats hold two seats in the area where Mulcair was campaigning Sunday , and where they took advantage of relatively calm waters and good weather earlier in the day to jig for codfish near Petty Harbour .
The fishing village rests in the riding of St. John 's South-Mount Pearl , once a longtime Conservative stronghold that turned Liberal in 2008 before flipping to the New Democrats in 2011 .
Ryan Cleary , a former journalist who won the seat four years ago , is running again as the NDP candidate against Seamus O'Regan , who gained celebrity status as a national TV network morning show host .
Mulcair campaigned in St. John 's East later in the day , where their party 's defence critic , Jack Harris , is campaigning against Whalen and Conservative Deanne Stapleton . Harris took the seat from the Tories in 2008 and handily retained it three years later .
The NDP leader is expected to spend the first few days of this week on the East Coast before preparing for a French-language debate in Montreal on Thursday .
Image caption Xi Jinping reiterated the importance of fighting corruption
Tuesday 's newspapers report an anti-corruption call by Vice-President Xi Jinping .
People 's Daily and others publish an article by Mr Xi , the new Communist Party general secretary , in which they ordered all party members to strictly obey the party constitution .
In the article , Mr Xi urged party members to `` be brave in conducting criticism and self-criticism , take the lead to spread a healthy spirit , and reject unhealthy trends and evil influences '' .
The article came after the papers published on Monday Mr Xi 's speech at a politburo `` learning session '' on how to implement `` the spirit of the 18th party congress '' . In it they reiterated President Hu Jintao 's words at the opening of the party congress that corruption could `` kill the party and ruin the country '' .
`` Analysts say their remarks are a sign of the new leadership 's determination to fight corruption in the coming years , '' Tuesday 's China Daily says .
Shanghai Daily and Beijing News report the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection - the party 's top anti-graft agency - published the work report it submitted to the party congress . The work report said punishing and preventing corruption was a `` serious political struggle for the sake of the party and the nation 's future '' .
Commenting on Mr Xi 's speech , China Daily 's editorial says : `` [ Mr ] Xi obviously means what they said , and clearly the battle against corruption will be one of the major tasks of this central committee . ''
The Global Times ' bilingual editorial says : `` Some officials have undeclared 'grey ' income . This expanding proportion of grey income is what defines corruption . We must root out grey income and make transparent officials ' legal income . ''
Meanwhile , China Daily and others briefly report the first round of post-congress reshuffles .
Public Security Minister Meng Jianzhu replaces Zhou Yongkang as the secretary of the Committee on Political and Legislative Affairs , reports say , while Shaanxi party chief Zhao Leji succeeds Li Yuanchao as the head of the party 's Organisation Department .
Activist lawyer Pu Zhiqiang told Hong Kong 's Ming Pao Daily News the new security chief had a `` less brutal '' image than Mr Zhou , which is beneficial for implementing the rule of law in China .
Sing Tao Daily says the new personnel chief Zhao Leji is expected to tour Shanghai , Tianjin , Chongqing and Guangdong to announce appointments for new local party chiefs .
The Global Times and the Beijing Times report Ren Jianyu , a 25-year-old former village official in Chongqing , was released from a labour camp after local authorities found their labour camp sentence `` improper '' .
Previous reports said Mr Ren was sentenced to two years of `` re-education through labour '' in August 2011 without trial after they posted messages on microblogs accusing disgraced former Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai of bringing the Cultural Revolution back to China with their `` red songs '' campaign .
A Beijing News commentary says it hopes Mr Ren 's case will bring change to the `` re-education through labour '' system , and protect people from being convicted for exercising freedom of expression .
Shanghai Morning Post reports comments from Beijing 's Foreign Ministry regarding US President Barack Obama 's landmark visit to Burma . Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China hoped the visit would be beneficial to peace and stability in East Asia .
A second bilingual editorial in the Global Times says : `` Some have suggested that Obama 's visit was aimed at weakening China 's influence . Such assumptions regarding contests between great powers and the political changes in Myanmar ( Burma ) over the past year added special meaning to Obama 's visit . ''
`` Myanmar is becoming open to the West in order to maximise its national interests . But it 's unwise to replace China with the West . Both the current leadership of Myanmar and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi well know this . ''
The editorial 's Chinese edition further says in the headline : `` Burma is very independent . There is no need for the US to show its unrequited love . ''
What do you make of bike lanes ? Paint stripe pollution 6 % ( 51 ) Graffiti on the streets 3 % ( 26 ) Visual cacophony 4 % ( 34 ) None of the above , I must not live in Coronado 87 % ( 716 ) 827 total votes .
Coronado residents have apparently had enough of bike lanes , lashing out at them as an eyesore at a remarkable City Council meeting last week , likely to make national news in 3 , 2 , 1 ...
Claire Trageser of KPBS captured the litany of complaints in a story posted today , resident after resident who wants the city to stop accommodating bicycles .
Gerry Lounsbury : “ You are covering Coronado with paint stripe pollution . ”
Aileen Oya : “ The graffiti on the streets does not help our property values . ”
Carolyn Rogerson : The lanes “ bring to mind a visual cacophony that if you look there long enough it will induce a dizzying type of vertigo . ”
Gerry MacCartee : “ These black streets with these brilliant white lines everywhere ... it takes away from your home , from your outlook on life . ”
Darby Monger : “ It 's very similar to personally taking all three of my daughters to a tattoo parlor and having them completely body tattooed . ”
If some of the hyperbole seems hard to believe , the KPBS video report shows the residents at the council meeting saying these exact things .
At the council Coronado residents complain about ugly bike lanes , now with video by @ katieschoolov https : //t.co/Q8BRqq4VX4 — Claire Trageser ( @ clairetrageser ) September 24 , 2015
As KPBS noted , the city received a national award for its bike-friendly ways in 2013 .
`` Coronado is playing a critical part in creating a truly Bicycle Friendly America , '' Andy Clarke , President of the League of American Bicyclists said at the time . `` We know Coronado 's investment in bicycling will be returned many times over in the health , environmental , and quality of life benefits of a thriving community . ”
Then came the backlash from residents who say enough is enough .
A letter to the editor from Mike Donovan in the Coronado Eagle & Journal expressed the city 's gratefulness for a council that seems to be putting the brakes on bike lanes at last :
`` For me , I am still not clear on what problem we are trying to solve here . Discussion from the proponents of bike lanes seems to center around ' ... it will make it safer for everyone , bikes and cars ... ' or ' ... we need it to protect our children . ' The comment , 'Safety is more important than aesthetics ' was made at the last council meeting . While these are obviously good goals , I do n't really see the connection that we must have bike lanes painted on every street in Coronado to meet them . Being an engineer , I lean toward making decisions on real data , and the data regarding accidents or injuries between bicycles and automobiles does not support the visual pollution of painting all our streets . ''
Resident Jim Newhall — who says they have been in five bike accidents around Coronado — said bike lanes would not have helped , in an anti-striping letter to the editor at eCoronado.com :
`` Local riders already know how and where to ride around Coronado . We do n't need to attract any more cycling clubs from across the bridge . We also do n't need to waste money satisfying transportation goals from SANDAG or California or the Feds . And painting bike lanes to get their grant money is a false economy . In this case , let 's do what will benefit Coronado residents the most – nothing ! ''
The residents may have been well-received by the City Council , but not so much on social media .
Commenting on the actions and choices of those in poverty seems to have become a national sport . It 's rare to ever have a discussion about economic hardship in Britain without a bystander or internet commenter leaning forward and opining “ But they 've all got flatscreen TVs and smoke cigarettes. ” The economic choices of the very poorest are seen as ripe for public dissection .
But the psychological consequences of poverty are discussed far less . Oxford University and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation have released a study that goes some way to silencing those who would argue poverty is simply a moral failing . The newly released Household Below Average Income figures for 2013/14 show no progress whatsoever on poverty rates , and a slim increase in child poverty and working families earning less than they need : so poverty is here to stay .
When facing poverty , the researchers found , individuals enter a “ scarcity mindset ” . When focused on short-term survival , your decision-making ability is scrambled and your attention span narrowed . The attendant worry means long–term planning and the completion of peripheral , routine tasks is downgraded as the immediate future becomes the only focus . Debt counsellors have found this for years , with people in debt struggling to understand how they ended up like that , only knowing that many short-term financial crises snowballed .
Tory peer forced eating their words after claiming poor people ca n't cook Read more
When you 're constantly poor and struggling to make ends meet , the scarcity effect permeates all decisions . Any discussion of food poverty invariably segues into a denunciation of anyone who does n't plan meals days in advance , buying ingredients in bulk and cooking from scratch . Lady Jenkin 's “ let them eat porridge ” outburst overshadowed the Church of England 's Feeding Britain report launch . Psychologically , if you 're faced with some immediate bills and a shortfall in cash , that does n't happen . Cheap and filling meals are rarely nutritionally balanced , but being aware of how little money is available means it makes more sense short term to spend a little for one day 's food , than a lot for several days when you 've no idea when you 'll next receive any income .
Perhaps more damaging in the long term are the findings on how people feel about themselves when they 're in poverty . They are less confident in their ability to succeed , leading to decreased professional and educational attainment , depression and anxiety . The study also reported a “ negative self-stereotyping ” effect , whereby people in long-term poverty absorbed the prevalent media stereotypes of people on benefits or facing unemployment as being “ low in warmth and low in competence ” . Believing themselves to be fundamentally flawed , any achievement is tempered by a lack of confidence and subconscious self-loathing .
This is also true of children in poverty , who underestimate their own intelligence and capability , which then becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy . A recent Institute of Education study found that teachers also attribute negative characteristics to children in poverty and perceive them to be less able . If children internalise the stereotypes projected on to them while so young , it does nothing to boost their life chances . Politicians arguing that working class children need to be “ taught ” about aspiration would do well to consider the fact that when there 's little available to aspire to , any effort seems pointless .
One solution to temper the psychological effects on poverty , the study finds , is mixed communities . When people come into contact with others of different economic positions , negative stereotypes are dissipated . Properly mixed-intake comprehensive schools , and diverse communities could have a positive effect on attitudes , helping rich and poor . But while the government presses on with sanctions and the punitive bedroom tax expect more division , rather than understanding .
The title says it all . Self doubt is normal . However . The need for motivation is for the unsuccessful . If you know someone who needs to be lifted up * emotionally * to achieve something… They never wanted it in the first place . He 's simply someone who wishes upon a star for the world to give them something they never deserved . Even worse ? They think the emotional pump up is good for him .
The type of person who gets amped up by written words in a text book or a motivational video will scour the internet far and wide looking for a solution to their problems . It will never come .
They will attend seminars and speaking venues . It will never help him .
They will try to use the same ideas to sell to their peers . It will never work .
He 'll never find their magic product or service to sell . He 'll never succeed even in the slightest because they are unwilling to take risks . Perhaps , if they are lucky , they get by on a middle class salary of $ 100K per year . But . He 's never going to accomplish anything meaningful . Period .
Knowing that most people love this type of inspirational nonsense , many , many , many people become rich by transferring this feeling to the masses . As usual , do n't just do the opposite , be the opposite . Use motivation to sell products because people will make purchases when they are in a high emotional state .
Instead of nagging on and on about how weak people enjoy motivation ( by definition they are weak because a successful person does n't need to be motivated ) we 're going to give away a step-by-step process to rid yourself of the need for motivation . For free .
Step 1 – Stand up , Walk Out : Lets assume the worst . Someone reads this likely enjoys motivational speeches and other such nonsense . Time to throw away the crutch . Kill it for good . Choose a large , large , large venue ( college commencement speeches and motivational seminars are good for this ) . Sit front and center .
You are waiting now . Wait until the crowd bends to their words . When the crowd is bending to their words you 'll sense an uncomfortable quiet and focus from those around you . This is usually just moments before the conclusion of the speech .
Stand up . Slowly . Walk through the crowd . Slowly . Never look back . As people stare at you , make eye contact until they break first or you have walked past them . Head straight . Do not look down . Time will slow as you feel the scrutiny from your “ peers ” weighing on your shoulders . You are not doing this for the attention . Exit the venue .
To reiterate , this is not done for attention . When you are quizzed ( many will ask ) as to why you left at the “ best part ” simply say you had to use the restroom . An emotionless statement . Do not say anything negative or positive about the speech , remain in a neutral state ( Ie : you 're not doing this to be a hater ) . Never mention the incident again .
What have you done ? You 've taken control of your emotions . Congratulations . This is step one in your long journey to internal motivation . You will not bend to the words of others for “ feelings ” or “ emotion ” you will only listen to logic and reason . Most wo n't be able to complete step one .
Example : Here is a clear example of motivational junk that does n't help you . Started laughing out loud at second 31 .
* Note 1 : This is certainly rude . The one time event of learning to control your emotions is worth many thousands of dollars . Here 's a hint . The speaker has no interest in giving you money so it is going to be a great long-term investment for you . The only message is to work as hard as you can , no actionable advice is given beyond getting rid of your cell phone .
This video was found in a YouTube search and you can replace it with any other video . The inflection point is usually right before the conclusion which is always the same “ work as hard as you can ” . If you 're already trying your best then there is no reason to watch the video correct ? Correct .
Step 2 – Testing Phase : The one time event above is going to give you more adrenaline than the entire speech . You 've stood up against the largest enemy of all . The masses . Learn to control your heart rate and bring yourself back down to normalcy as fast as possible .
After taking a large jump towards emotional control , it is time to see what you are actually good at . The bad news ? Time is not on your side ( it never is ) . The good news ? Everyone is good at something .
Find twenty five subjects that you are interested in . Since this blog is about making money , Wall Street and having fun we 're going to assume you 're more interested in the money part . Go and try all of them until you feel comfortable with the subject . It may take 4-6 months but we doubt it . You 're going to be good at some , terrible at others and have potential in * maybe * two of them . Check those two out .
How do you know the difference between good and potential ? Other people will tell you that you 're good at it . These people will not be your friends and family , they will have businesses in the same field .
To conclude the testing phase , here 's the rub . Most people try to “ do what they love ” . This does not work . Almost everyone would love a life where they have sex everyday , get drunk and make a lot of money for doing nothing . Naturally , none of this is really going to get you anywhere . Instead of “ doing what you love ” find what you are actually good at first ( maybe only a few things ) then figure out if you can do it for many hours per day… bringing us to step 3 .
Step 3 – Stress Testing : Stress test refers to stress testing your physical body . Step number 2 already determined if you have the talent/intelligence to be good at the task ( remember other people will tell you that you 're good ! ) . Lets assume you found two topics that you have a knack for . Time to stress test . Can you do this for 80+ hours a week consistently ? Try it .
You try one . You find that you 're sick of it after a week . Complaining about the lack of sleep . Complaining about the types of people you were meeting . Complaining about the effort it took to improve upon your craft . Complaining about the process of setting up the business .
You try another one . You do n't complain about your lack of sleep because you wake up energized . Strange . You do n't complain about the people you meet , there are some bad apples but it is tolerable . Strange . You do n't mind the hassles of dealing with a miniature set of customers . Strange again . Strange that you 're working the same hours but you 're not tired anymore . You found a potential revenue stream .
Step 4 – Prioritize : So you 've found one interest with revenue potential . Check . You 've already stress tested yourself for 3 months or so . Check . Now it 's time to re-prioritize your life to go all in on your new found venture while maintaining a normal social personality . You can guess where we 're going with this .
You commit 100 % . You care about every single detail . You do not cut any corners . You do not run in blind . You start building based on long hours of research and effort and commit every single ounce of energy into the project until you are beat . Now you 've got 1-2 hours of leisure time and 6-8 hours to sleep… Remember step 2 ? This is how you avoid becoming a boring type A person who no one wants to hang out with .
Keep those fun ideas in your back pocket and they become your new source of fun/entertainment . You will go through phases and cycle through many activities where you 'll be “ pretty good ” and more and more people will enter your social circle .
Wash , rinse , repeat .
Example : Maybe you need an example . One is staring right at you . This blog . This blog falls into the hobby/entertainment aspect of life . While it has evolved over time as any hobby will , the chances that we try to build this blog up appropriately ( see cater to the masses ) is next to zero percent .
Alright , alright it actually is zero percent since we 're terrible writers anyway ( too blunt and do n't cater to idiots ) .
Alternatively ? We take our real side businesses ( some smart readers already figured those out ) and Wall Street work extremely seriously . You care about everything in that case . You care if the charts have tic-marks or not . You care if there is a typo on a slide no one will read . You care if you respond to a client in 90 seconds or 45 seconds . Everything matters .
Step 5 – Daily , Monthly and Annual Accountability : This is similar to your journal . If you 've done the first four steps appropriately you wo n't waste your time listening to speeches or reading insanely corny success stories . How does reading about the success of someone else without any actual * actionable * advice help you ? It does n't . If you can not apply it , you have wasted your valuable time . Again , if someone else has to get you to take action… you are going to lose in the ring every single time to the person who inspired you to take action ! You do not read to take action… You only read in search of actionable advice .
No exceptions .
You write down your accomplishments , your failures ( you 'll fail a lot ! ) and your future tasks every single day . Every single month . Every single year . You tell no one on a personal basis that you are doing this . It is up to you and only you to hold yourself accountable and compare yourself to the person you were last year . ( under no circumstances do you compare yourself to others , there is always someone better than you )
Example : The easiest example is financial if you 're on Wall Street . You know the comp structure and you know what the Street pays . Luckily it is an up or out environment ( you 're moving up or getting fired ) .
Analyst – Base $ 80-100K ( 100 % targeted bonus ) 160-200K ( age 22-25 )
Associate – Base $ 120-160K ( 100 % targeted bonus minimum ) $ 350-400K if you are promoted to VP ( age 26-33 , wide range due to young talent and MBAs )
VP – Base $ 175-200K ( 100 % + , call it 125 % targeted bonus ) ( age 30+ )
Director – Base $ 225-250K ( Variable call it 1.5x base salary target ) ( age 32+ )
Managing Director – Base $ 325-375K ( Variable , call it 2x base salary as a target ) ( age 32+ )
* Note : Yes base salaries at the junior level are moving up a tad , call it $ 5-10K depending on if you 're an associate or an analyst . However , as the numbers show , your goal is to get promoted since the variable numbers become larger and larger than a % of your salary
If you 're not on Wall Street , try the following : make your income grow at a faster rate each year . This is extremely difficult . In simple terms , if you were up 10 % last year , your goal is to be up 15 % this year . If you are up 20 % then you want to be up 25 % . The “ law of large numbers ” works against you . This is the fun part of the game ( it is just that , a game ) .
Finally , throwing income out of the equation , if you run into an acquaintance you have not seen for a year he/she should recognize that * something has changed * . Many times people can not put their finger on it , but you are simply different ( in a good way ) compared to the last time you two spoke .
Step 6 – No One Cares About Your Career or Business : Most people talk about their work , career or business . Can it . Unless the person you are meeting can potentially help you in your venture , there is no point in giving people information about your life . When you are out once or twice a week since you earned it ( from all of your 12-16 hour days ) leave it all behind you .
This will work wonders for you . Most people dislike what they do so bringing up work in a social environment is a terrible decision . In addition , if people realize you 're happy with your life they will pepper you with questions and waste more of your time . It 's a lose , lose situation . You either kill the atmosphere , make the person feel unhappy talking about careers/work or you have a mediocre person trying to squeeze information out of you .
Remember , if you 're going to meet someone to discuss important topics , you 're not meeting them out and about on leisure time . To repeat… Can it .
Step 7 – Repeat Step 2 : Once you 've squeezed as much as you can from one venture , it is time to move to the next . Do not let your life pass you by . Every year should be filled with interesting and new hobbies ( see the attempt at 25 different activities ) and ideas . If you think that the last year flew by , it means you were in a mundane routine . Do not do this .
Step 8 – Bonus Sales Tip : Now that we 've basically killed the myth on motivational speaking and other such nonsense… You know what to do… Use it to sell . By definition , again , the masses love this stuff ! If the masses love to be motivated and pumped up… Use motivation to sell more products and services ! Get them amped up and feeling good about themselves then make the sale .
No we 're not saying you should sell BS products ( you wo n't last long in that case ) . Instead , make the connection that if motivation and pump up speeches are popular… You know the masses will buy .
Concluding Remarks and the TL ; DR Version : In short , motivation is a tool used to sell to the masses . If you can make someone feel hyped they will bend to your beliefs and convert ( convert is basic internet marketing language for purchase ) . It is perfectly fine to use motivation to your advantage to sell products .
From an individual standpoint however… No one should be able to motivate you . You should be internally motivated to do well and the external motivators should be telling you to slow down if anything . People who are internally motivated have a problem of going too far . People who need external motivation have not even started in the first place .
The Bullets : 1 ) go against the grain in a large environment to take control of your emotions , 2 ) find what you 're good at – a long-term theme in this blog – no one can hold your hand through this process , 3 ) stress test yourself intensely and find out if you can actually handle 80+ hours a week – most give up after 50 , 4 ) prioritize everything in your life to maximize your brain cells towards that activity , 5 ) hold yourself accountable on a daily basis and have an annual review – the harshest critic should be yourself , 6 ) leave all this effort behind you during downtime , your brain needs to recharge and no one cares about your success , 7 ) repeat step 2 , most people work boring 9-5 jobs so they do not know the difference between year one and year five .
We realize this post is going to piss off a lot of people . This is fine . We need to decrease the traffic here and get rid of the mediocre people who have found the blog . They can go back to watching motivational videos ! We also noticed that someone else agrees with the belief that motivation is nonsense… naturally he 's a successful hedge fund manager with an 8 figure net worth . Go figure .
APPLE HAS CONFIRMED that it will bring back Home Sharing for music in iOS 9 , after quietly killing off the feature in iOS 8.4 .
The confirmation comes , as does most Apple news these days , via Eddy Cue 's Twitter ( below ) page . Responding to one of many pissed off users , they confirmed that the feature will return alongside iOS 9 later this year .
@ inklake We are working to have Home Sharing in iOS 9 . — Eddy Cue ( @ cue ) July 6 , 2015
Home Sharing for music launched in 2011 as part of iOS 4.3 , allowing iPhone , iPad and iPod users to stream music from a computer running iTunes , as long as the devices were connected to the same WiFi network .
The feature originally supported video and audio content , but with iOS 8.4 it had support only for video . Home Sharing for audio is still live for Apple TV , according to a report at Apple Insider .
Many are speculating that the removal of Home Sharing for music in iOS 8.4 is probably down to Apple Music licensing agreements . 9to5Mac reported that Apple might not have the rights to allow content obtained via Apple Music to be streamed over WiFi as Home Sharing requires .
The move could be more thought-out however , and might suggest that Apple is looking to move people onto the Apple Music family plan , which allows up to six people to access the service for £14.99 per month .
The removal of the feature did n't go down well with iDevice users , who have taken to Twitter to complain .
Ugh , # Apple . Why u take away Home Sharing for Music . Not good . — Scott Davis ( @ indygadgetguy ) July 2 , 2015
Hopefully the home Sharing issue is a bug . It lists the problem as a 'known issue ' in iOS 8.4b4 . Am I clutching at straws ? Yes I am . — Mark ( @ Stardeluxe ) July 2 , 2015
# homesharing on # iOS still works for videos , removed for music ? WTF , Apple ? — Axel Hartmann ( @ Axel_Hartmann ) July 2 , 2015
These users will no doubt welcome the latest news from Apple , but they still have a few months to wait to get their hands on the feature again . µ
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Frank Gardner explains that Samantha Lewthwaite 's Kenyan charges relate not to this month 's Westgate attack but to their `` alleged possession of explosives in December 2011 and an alleged plot at that time to bomb a number of tourist resorts ''
International police body Interpol has issued a wanted person notice for Briton Samantha Lewthwaite , at Kenya 's request .
Ms Lewthwaite , 29 , is the widow of one of the four suicide bombers who attacked London on 7 July 2005 .
Known colloquially as the `` white widow '' , they have been linked with Somali militant Islamist group al-Shabab .
Interpol did not link the warrant to the Nairobi shopping complex attack that left at least 67 dead .
However , it comes after much speculation linking Ms Lewthwaite to events there .
Al-Shabab was behind the attack and subsequent four-day siege at the Westgate shopping complex in the Kenyan capital .
An Interpol statement said they were `` wanted by Kenya on charges of being in possession of explosives and conspiracy to commit a felony dating back to December 2011 '' .
The Interpol alert , known as a `` Red Notice '' , requires member countries to detain the suspect pending extradition procedures .
Analysis Kenya 's request for Interpol to issue a `` red flag '' for the arrest of Samantha Lewthwaite comes nearly two years after the alleged plot they are accused of being involved in . The Kenyan charges relate not to this month 's Westgate attack but to their alleged possession of explosives in December 2011 and an alleged plot at that time to bomb a number of tourist resorts on Kenya 's coast . This was serious enough for the Foreign Office to upgrade its travel alert for Kenya , and for Scotland Yard detectives to fly out to Kenya to investigate . Ms Lewthwaite has been on the run for months and was reported to have crossed into Somalia last year . They are not wanted for any terrorism offences in Britain but now that Interpol have circulated the alert for their arrest to 190 member countries , it raises their case from the national to the international . There is still no evidence they had any involvement in the Nairobi attacks .
Ms Lewthwaite - who is believed to use the alias `` Natalie Webb '' - had previously only been wanted for the alleged possession of a fraudulently obtained South African passport .
They are the widow of Germaine Lindsay , one of the four bombers involved in the 7 July terror attacks in London in 2005 in which 52 people were killed and hundreds more injured .
The BBC 's Dominic Casciani says Interpol 's red notice acts like a global wanted poster , but it 's also a concession by the Kenyan security forces that they are an international danger , not just someone who should be regarded as a passport fraudster .
Kenya is continuing three days of official mourning for the civilian and military victims of the siege .
The funeral of pregnant television and radio star Ruhila Adatia-Sood was one of many being held on Thursday .
Flags are flying at half mast amid visibly tighter security around the Kenyan capital . Security guards were scanning passengers with metal detectors before they boarded buses .
Kenyan investigators have been joined by experts from the US , UK , Germany , Canada and Interpol to comb the sprawling shopping complex for DNA , fingerprints and ballistic clues .
On Thursday the UK Foreign Office said that the number of British nationals known to have been killed in the attack was lower than previously thought . It had reported that six Britons were among those killed , but it now says that one of the dead previously thought to be British is in fact a Kenyan national .
But at the same time the Foreign Office has warned that the number of British dead could rise before the search of the shopping centre is over .
Somali Islamist group al-Shabab has said it had carried out the attack in retaliation for Kenyan army operations in Somalia .
The militants stormed the Westgate centre on Saturday , throwing grenades and firing indiscriminately at shoppers and staff .
Twitter posts on an al-Shabab account said the group 's militants had held 137 people hostage , and claimed the hostages had died after security forces fired chemical agents to end the siege .
A government spokesperson denied any chemical agents were used , and authorities called on Kenyans to ignore militant propaganda .
Al-Shabab , which is linked to al-Qaeda , has repeatedly threatened attacks on Kenyan soil if Nairobi did not pull its troops out of Somalia .
About 4,000 Kenyan troops have been serving in the south of Somalia since October 2011 as part of an African Union force supporting Somali government forces .
The group is banned as a terrorist group by both the US and the UK and is believed to have between 7,000 and 9,000 fighters .
Its members are fighting to create an Islamic state in Somalia .
[ Editor 's note : This essay brought to you by Kakistocracy . ]
Multi-polar pansexualism has advanced on a nearly frictionless rail of late . So briskly in fact that conservatives could barely mount their white flag over the barricades before urinating transvestites were sneering at female patrons for their pussy privilege . Anthony Kennedy 's crayon lint had barely been brushed off Constitution v5.7 before something called gay marriage was logically extrapolated to mean the physical sexes are only a state of mind .
And with that acknowledgement of ancient tradition , the homosexual hassle segued into trans tumult , which is now manifesting in all-out commode combat . The main front of which being largely a clash of whose waste may be deposited in which stalls . I do n't mean to diminish the import of this skirmish , since battles can turn wars . Though there 's an underlying premise of the offensive that has n't been widely contemplated .
Though before doing so , you should know that whatever device you are accessing these opinions from relies upon a TCP/IP stack of network protocols for delivery . These are a raft of objective , standardized protocols that are accepted by the innards of every inter-connected machine . TCP/IP is able to move packets of information from A to B because every participating component agrees on definitions of what a thing is , not whether it is morally just . Thus 192.168.0.1 remains a private address regardless of whether I think it should be free to come publicly out of the closet . Functionality results from a standardized framework .
Unfortunately for liberal engineers , every system ( including one of human beings ) requires an external rather than internal operational template . Everyone must agree on what constitutes a default gateway as opposed to a subnet mask . And if I replace octets in the latter with girlish emojis because they make me feel pretty , then my expectations that this piece arrives for your indulgence should be tempered accordingly . The main provision , understood by every CCIE , is that personal whimsy does not replace system reality .
Of course , canny liberals have a ready solution to that conundrum : discard your model in favor of ours . Unfortunately there 's no firm ground there either since their template is that human identity is fluid and subjective except for white heterosexual men , who are immutable and malign . So if libs want makeup and penises to be “ women , ” then bras and vaginas must necessarily be something else . Otherwise the terms are rendered—as Nixon might say—inoperative .
If a naked man is presented to a panel who are asked what sex they are seeing , the answer must be available without their input . This is accepting subjectivity 's bitter surrender . And we 're not at all prepared to do that .
While it seems obvious to this observer that any society with aspirations beyond anarchy requires objective definitions of fundamental items such as male and female , the Left is n't exactly seeing the problem . Perhaps the people of Venezuela just need to start redefining anthills into T-bones . I 'll let Justice Kennedy speak directly on that issue .
At the heart of liberty is the right to define one 's own concept of existence , of meaning , of the universe , and of the mystery of human life .
So stop whining about those empty stomachs in Caracas , and start personalizing your conception of being well fed . Which makes me wonder why we 're not dropping pallets of Planned Parenthood v. Casey decisions on Africa rather than heartless foodstuffs .
One man who must puzzle over this even more than me is New York City Mayor Warren Wilhelm Jr/Bill Deblasio . The Mayor has recently announced rigorous city regulations regarding the mysteries of human life .
Specifically these address a battery of violations that include , but are not limited to :
-Failing to use an individual 's preferred name or pronoun ,
-Refusing to allow individuals to use single-sex facilities , and
-Sex stereotyping
The latter is one to which this author will confess multiple infractions—though only under veil of anonymity . Fortunately , the city offers its sex stereotyping underworld certain guidelines for remaining at-large .
The NYCHRL requires employers and covered entities to use an individual 's preferred name , pronoun and title ( e.g. , Ms./Mrs . ) regardless of the individual 's sex assigned at birth , anatomy , gender , medical history , appearance , or the sex indicated on the individual 's identification . Most individuals and many transgender people use female or male pronouns and titles . Some transgender and gender non-conforming people prefer to use pronouns other than he/him/his or she/her/hers , such as they/them/theirs or ze/hir . Many transgender and gender non-conforming people choose to use a different name than the one they were given at birth .
I 'll have to check city records to determine whether “ Ze Klan rides again ! ” has been claimed , though I see no related qualifier regardless . And note there are fines up to $ 250,000 for those NYC criminals who do n't pronounce my preferred name with the enthusiasm its exclamation point demands .
All of which being the sort of flamboyant frivolity that assures liberals of their virtue . That is not to say that such gestures do n't bear consequences to non-animatronic human beings . In Washington , D.C. , a female security guard recently removed a man from the women 's restroom . The police were subsequently called and an arrest was made . Would you care to guess which party was cuffed and stuffed ? That would be the female security guard , naturally . An action their refusal to perform only months ago would have resulted in firing for dereliction . Times move fast , and the future always arrives early .
The security guard was apprehended while in performance of their duties , which surely include keeping men out of the women 's bathroom , because the encroaching man became a woman by virtue of theirs saying so . A transformation that can presumably be executed ( and reversed as convenient ) by any intrepid males investigating the changing rooms of female patrons .
Presumably the language and logic of trending legal opinion would permit a person to sex-vary multiple times throughout a day as a chameleon hops from different colored foliage . In each guise , the possibilities of felony stereotyping proliferate . As a result sex , and its primordial human characteristics , will enter that social purgatory of things every one recognizes , but none dare mention .
Though as noted earlier , the real problems with this program will blossom with its underlying premise . Great swaths of societal experience could easily be subject to similar objective to subjective migration . If a person 's sex is what they think it is , then no less is their age—which is simply another item to self-conceptualize , and never one to constrain how we perceive the meaning of life . So as a 67 year-old I 'd appreciate my social security check , please . Or perhaps as a rejuvenated 18 year-old I 'd like to try high school again . Whichever , the choice is mine alone to make .
For those readers who find such speculation implausible , bear in mind Kennedy 's blithe dismissal of the implications in their 2003 Lawrence v. Texas decision which , according to the jurist “ does not involve whether the government must give formal recognition to any relationship that homosexual persons seek to enter. ” It so much did n't involve that formal legal recognition of homosexual relationships , that 12 years later its logic served as the premise for Kennedy themselves to do just that . Once you subscribe to the concept of individuals defining their universe , you find the universe to be a surprisingly large place .
I imagine this advance of subjective reality will result in equally thrilling judicial drama in lower courts as well . Those who recall a little dust-up in the quiet town of Ferguson may or may not remember the pinwheeling perjury of its residents . I do n't have the link and so am I paraphrasing , though multiple witnesses swore to seeing the gentle giant executed hands-up kneeling in supplication like Willem Dafoe in Platoon .
Several locals were later brought back for questioning in light of subsequent medical forensics that completely repudiated their testimony . Michael Brown was n't kneeling , or hands up , or reading Psalms from their Gideon 's bible . The indifferent response from one witness : I guess the forensics guy just had a different perspective .
Precisely . And as reality becomes increasingly fungible , that 's all anyone else will have . What keeps airplanes aloft , houses heated , and bridges from collapsing ? That 's for each mechanic , electrician , and architect to define as individuals .
Ahh , the mysteries of life .
Fresh off their successful middleweight debut , Lyoto Machida has their next assignment .
Machida ( 20-4 MMA , 12-4 UFC ) , a former UFC light heavyweight champion , will fight former Strikeforce 205-pound champ Gegard Mousasi ( 34-3-2 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) in the main event of a show expected to take place Feb. 8 in Brazil .
Globo.com first reported the fight booking for the card that is planned for Arena Jaragua in Jaragua do Sul , Santa Catarina , Brazil , and UFC officials later made a formal announcement .
The “ Fight Night ” card will be broadcast on FOX Sports 2 . Sources close to the promotion on Friday told MMAjunkie.com it will not be the first “ Fight Night ” card of the 2014 UFC calendar .
Machida just this past week stopped Mark Munoz in the first round at UFC Fight Night 30 in Manchester , England . A head kick did the job for a “ Knockout of the Night ” victory for “ The Dragon ” against their friend and sometimes training partner . Machida took the fight on a little more than a month 's notice , filling in for original headliner Michael Bisping when a detached retina and subsequent eye surgery forced “ The Count ” out of the fight in front of their home fans . Machida had been expected to face Tim Kennedy next week at “ UFC Fight Night 31 : Fight for the Troops 3 , ” but was pulled to save the card in England .
That win got Machida back in the win column after a controversial unanimous decision loss to Phil Davis at UFC 163 in August in Brazil . That was their first fight in their home country since April 2006 , so he 'll be looking for their first UFC win in Brazil when they meet Mousasi .
Mousasi won their UFC debut in April after coming over from Strikeforce . They beat last-minute replacement Ilir Latifi in Sweden after Alexander Gustafsson was ruled out with a cut they suffered the week before the fight . Prior to that win , Mousasi , a former DREAM champ , had a six-fight unbeaten streak after losing their Strikeforce light heavyweight title to Muhammed Lawal in April 2010 .
For more on the UFC in Jaragua do Sul , stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site .
( Pictured : Lyoto Machida )
And how the city plans to bring it back to life .
In the shadow of the I-395 overpass , Washington , D.C. 's Maine Avenue Fish Market looks , sounds , and smells like any fish market in any commercial port . Barge-mounted stalls line an open pedestrian and parking plaza , fishmongers broadcast their specials and the air is ripe with the fumes of fresh fish and idling diesel engines . What sets this scene apart from similar ones in other port cities are those diesel engines ; they belong to trucks , not trawlers . At the Maine Avenue Fish Market , for all its maritime ambiance , seafood arrives by land .
The fish market exemplifies Washington 's disengagement from its waterfront . On paper the Southwest quadrant , situated to the east of the Potomac , was meant to play a critical role in the developing city . The master planner envisioned low-lying Southwest as a grand harbor and gateway to Washington in a world dominated by enterprises of the sea . On L'Enfant 's map , the Capitol and its monumental surrounds were projected to be the focal point , not only of the processional expanse of what is now known as the National Mall , but also of boulevards extending to the Southwest waterfront .
Off paper , L'Enfant 's grand vision for the federal city was quickly forgotten . Despite a lengthy frontage along the Potomac and Anacostia , the two prominent rivers play only minor roles in the life of the city and its evolution . The reason is partly historical . As the Industrial Revolution unfolded , the capital 's limited industry and infrastructure requiring access to the water found ample frontage in Georgetown . While cities like Baltimore , Philadelphia , and New York overwhelmed their water 's edge with industry and commerce , the bulk of Washington 's waterfront remained idle . Then , there was geography . Southwest is low and swampy , sitting at the bottom of a bowl on whose rim the Capitol and other important structures were slowly rising . Over time , the District 's Southwest quadrant had become the locus for the city 's least desirable infrastructure , industry , and populace . The elevated highway severed Southwest from the rest of the city . For Southwest , the first decades of the twentieth century are viewed largely as something of a heyday . Washington 's need for transient housing was increasing and Southwest was affordable . Political and economic change in Europe brought a new wave of immigrants , and as war broke out worldwide , an influx of temporary workers arrived to support the American war effort . Immigrants found housing and community in Southwest , establishing churches and civic groups that still exist today . In 1922 , the area where the Jefferson Memorial now sits was known as Tidal Basin Beach . East Potomac Park was the location of more than twenty different recreational activities and the site of publicity junket for silent film empresario Mack Sennett 's new movie `` Bathing Beauties . '' Things got even worse when the city dropped a freeway into southwest . The highway was part of an ambitious urban renewal program , designed for the city in 1951 as part of a plan for an inner loop ring road . In reality , the nine lanes of elevated highway severed the southwest quadrant of the District from the rest of the city .
I-395 was designed to be part of a larger inner beltway planned for the District . The Inner Loop , as it was called , was part of a regional planning trend towards ring roads - proposed and in some cases built - around and through America 's cities . In the District , only the Whitehurst freeway on the Georgetown waterfront , and the Southwest and Southeast Freeway portions of the loop were built . These highways were planned to facilitate movement to and between the new suburbs developing on the periphery of major cities . For Southwest quadrant of the District , the construction of the highway was a tourniquet that squeezed off the flow of boulevards and streets . Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... Maryland Avenue , once a primary artery of the neighborhood , now ends in a barrier of office and hotels that abuts the freeway . Smaller streets not severed are served by overpasses to the west ( where the more expensive real estate is ) and underpasses in the east , where land values fall off . Where Southwest terminates and Southeast begins , the Freeway is exclusively overhead . Like other well-known inner-city freeways – the Gowanus , and Cross-Bronx in New York City are good examples – the trajectory of Southwest Freeway has dug a real estate value trough . The area is replete with surface parking lots for federal workers , a federal power station , and property yards , some vacant , some filled with equipment and vehicles .
There have been some efforts to reconnect Washington and its waterfront . In the 1970s , the city built a pedestrian walk along the waterfront . The highway was a tourniquet that squeezed off the flow of streets . Visitors would arrive by car via the eleven lanes of traffic on Maine Avenue and Water Street , and park in the expansive lots that parallel these streets . This car-centric access via repeated parallel strips of macadem sets up a hard edge separation that mirrors the highway and rail lines to the north . Menacing and unattractive for local residents heading to the waterfront by foot , the gamut of car traffic is further aggravated by exit ramps off of I-395 . For pedestrians coming from L'Enfant Plaza and the National Mall there is no straight-forward connection at all . This is the condition in Southwest today . The hard edge of the public promenade continues beyond the walls of Fort McNair . Moving up the Anacostia , however , the shoreline reverts to a natural edge , but with only limited access . Here L'Enfant 's ragged city fabric still terminates at the water at First , Second , and Half Streets . The blocks that front the water here are occupied by an outlying building of Fort McNair 's National Defense University , a public marina , a power plant , and a municipal scrapyard and cement factory . Apart from the Marina , there are no spaces for public recreation and the interior streets between Fort McNair and South Capitol are exclusively industrial and commercial . But with an innovative redesign , we think we can reclaim the waterfront . What we propose is an urban vision for Southwest that reestablishes connections and generates new ones at the level of the alley , block , quadrant and region . In addition to eliminating the transportation canyon dug by I-395 , we propose interventions that would recapture the waterfront by restoring east Potomac park Fort McNair and a ferry terminal as a cultural hub .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
A new craze which sees teenage girls riding toy horses at national showjumping competitions is sweeping Scandinavia .
Hobbyhorse riders straddle a stuffed toy horse on a wooden stick - complete with glued-on eyes and mane – and compete in front of judges .
The sport , which includes dressage and showjumping , has attracted more than 10,000 athletes and followers in Finland alone .
Next month the nation 's finest riders will compete in the annual Hobbyhorse Championships near Helsinki , while there are also many regional events throughout the year . As with traditional equestrian events , points are awarded for style and posture .
A subculture has reportedly developed around the sport , with riders making their own hobbyhorses , giving them names and even draping blankets over them while they ‘ sleep ' .
Oscar-nominated director Selma Vilhunen has produced a documentary about the craze , titled Hobbyhorse Revolution .
They said : “ It 's like dancing , it 's empowering , it 's fun , it 's amazing to watch .
“ They keep getting better and better , jumping higher and higher . New talent is coming through . ”
The film , launching in Switzerland on April 23 , follows a group of girls who find a sense of belonging and empowerment in the hobbyhorse community .
It shows them exercising outdoors in woods and parks , as well as training seriously and organising nationwide competitions .
“ Life has its ups and downs , ” says one rider , Mariam Njie , 14 . “ This is not the easiest time in my life . But I got ta just jump over it . ”
Hobbyhorse riders are mostly girls aged between 12 and 18 , although there are some boys .
Rabbit Starvation
Rabbit starvation : Man can not live by rabbits alone - the meat is too lean . Add fats and a few carbs to the proteins in lapin , and you can easily survive .
Rabbit meat - lapin - is typically too lean . Humans need a certain amount of fat intake , certainly more than a wild ( or domestic ) rabbit provides .
The problem is not limited to rabbits , of course . Any diet high in protein , low in fat and devoid of carbohydrates , will result in not enough energy for your body to function properly in the long term .
The name `` rabbit starvation '' may have been coined by an arctic explorer by the name of Vilhjalmur Stefansson , who spent many years in the early 1900 's living with the Eskimos and Inuits of Alaska and Northern Canada .
Sponsored Links
Mr. Stefansson wrote , `` The groups that depend on blubber animals are the most fortunate in the hunting way of life , for they never suffer from fat-hunger . This trouble is worst , so far as North America is concerned , among those forest Indians who depend at times on rabbits , the leanest animal in the North , and who develop the extreme fat-hunger known as rabbit-starvation .
`` Rabbit eaters , if they have no fat from another source - beaver , moose , fish - will develop diarrhea in about a week , with headache , lassitude , a vague discomfort . If there are enough rabbits , the people eat till their stomachs are distended ; but no matter how much they eat they feel unsatisfied . ''
Rabbit ( lapin ) broiler
The Indians of the north hunted older reindeer bucks , because they carried an enormous slab of back fat that could weigh up to 50 pounds . They then made pemmican by mixing fat with meat in a proportion of one-to-one by volume . By caloric content , the pemmican amounted to 80 % of mostly saturated fat calories to 20 % protein calories . And do n't forget - among the northern Indians , cancer and heart disease were nonexistent .
Anyone who is compelled to live for several weeks on little but lean meat will actually experience rabbit starvation . Without fat or carbohydrates , it will make no difference the quantity of meat ingested . They will be hungry after every meal and will lose strength or become ill .
Mr. Stefansson described a time of life as follows : `` With a diet of lean meat everything was different . We had an abundance of it as yet and we would boil up huge quantities and stuff ourselves with it . We ate so much that our stomachs were actually distended much beyond their usual size - so much that it was distinctly noticeable even outside of one 's clothes . But with all this gorging we felt constantly hungry ... One by one the six Eskimos of the party were taken with diarrhea . ''
Here is Why the Rabbit Starvation
Carbohydrates are formed from carbon , hydrogen and oxygen . Fats are formed from the same three components .
However , to form proteins , the body must add nitrogen and other nutrients to these three building blocks .
Your body normally burns fats as energy , and your brain burns glucose , a sugar . The body CAN burn protein , but it is not a healthy long-term solution . Protein , when broken down , forms ammonia and other by-products which the body has to cleanse away , straining the liver and kidneys .
The amino acids from protein are converted into glucose by the liver . The process is complex and requires a large amount of energy . ATP ( energy molecules ) are used to convert amino acids to glucose , and even more are then required to convert the harmful protein byproduct ammonia into urea which is flushed away by the kidneys .
Here 's the problem : the body can only supply roughly 1000 calories per day through a protein-only diet because the liver is only capable of producing 250 grams of glucose from protein , no matter how much protein you eat . So , you will still feel hungry , and you 'll eat more . Unfortunately , your liver will start struggling and failing to convert the ammonia into urea ( not enough ATP ) so the ammonia will reenter your blood stream . This starts messing with your nervous system .
According to the Back Across the Line blog ,
`` Excess intake of nitrogen leads in a short space of time to hyperammonemia , which is a build up of ammonia in the bloodstream . This is toxic to the brain . Many human cultures survive on a purely animal product diet , but only if it is high in fat .
`` A lean meat diet , on the other hand can not be tolerated ; it leads to nausea in as little as three days , symptoms of starvation and ketosis in a week to ten days , severe debilitation in twelve days and possibly death in just a few weeks . A high-fat diet , however , is completely healthy for a lifetime .
`` All of the hoopla that the media puts out about how a low carb diet is bad on the kidneys stems from the excess protein , not the high fat content . You can not eat your fill of just lean proteins . You must add fat to keep you healthy . Also a higher fat content ensures weight loss too . ''
So go ahead -- enjoy elegant rabbit dinners . But eat veggies with your lapin and be generous with the butter .
When we make rabbit stew , we do n't skim any fat off the top of the broth ... there is not very much anyways , usually .
If you eat a diverse diet of meats , fruits , veggies , etc. , you 'll not need to fear rabbit starvation .
Rabbits for Survival :
And by the way , supposing you have nothing but rabbits on which to survive , you would do well to eat everything edible of the rabbit , not just the meat . Eat the liver , kidneys , the fat around the kidneys , and the brains . Crack the bones and eat the marrow . Singe off the fur and eat the skin as well .
Do n't let this gross you out - if you 're alone and starved , you 'll be grateful for nourishment that prevents rabbit starvation . And while you 're at it , surely you should be able to find some fresh dandelions or edible greens to add to your fare . By this method you should be able to add somewhat more fats and carbs to your survival fare .
Why are n't we doing more to rebuild our infrastructure at a time when our needs are high and borrowing costs , labor costs , and other costs of infrastructure are at bargain prices ? Not to mention the employment benefits that would come with enhanced infrastructure investment . And why are n't we doing more to shore up our financial infrastructure through new regulations and oversight of the banking sector so that the problems we are having presently are less likely to reappear ? There have been some changes in financial regulation , but not enough , and the financial sector is doing its best to block any further progress in this area :
Alexander Field , Greg Clark , and Optimism about the Current Unpleasantness , by Eric Rauchway : On the jacket of Alexander Field 's new book A Great Leap Forward , my colleague Greg Clark says this :
As we sit mired in the Great Recession , Alexander Field 's exciting reappraisal of the Great Depression offers surprising solace . By showing the Great Depression was coupled with the most rapid technological advance in U.S. history , they fundamentally recast the history of the 1930s . But they also offer hope that our own depression likely will have no long-run costs to the U.S. economy .
By measuring total factor productivity ( TFP ) , or the improvement in productivity not accounted for by traditional inputs , Field finds tremendous gains during the Depression . They owe in part to private investment in manufacturing efficiencies , chemical processes , and other technical improvements . Historiographically , there 's a major payoff in showing that the vast majority of such innovation came during the Depression , not during the war .
But ( as the bulk of Field 's book is devoted to showing ) the productivity improvement owes mostly to construction transportation infrastructure – to the construction of roads , bridges , and all that made the modern trucking industry possible . Field even goes so far as to say the end of the golden age of productivity in the American economy in 1973 “ coincides with [ he does not quite say owes to ] a tapering off of gains from a one-time reconfiguration of the surface freight system in the United States ” .
And this massive public investment in infrastructure , which made possible the postwar suburbanization and boom , went along with financial regulation . Field attributes both the current crisis and that of the 1920s to “ a failure to control , or really to be interested in controlling , the growth of leverage. ” If we want to come out of the Current Unpleasantness with less than a Great Depression to show for it , we 'll have to see regulation that responds accordingly , they say . “ If an even more serious crisis occurs within the next decade , it will be because the regulatory response ended up being less effective than that which was summoned during the New Deal . ”
Which makes Field sound a lot less optimistic than Greg . The Great Depression turned out relatively well in the long run because we had not only significant private investment in R & D and other improvements , but also the New Deal – road-building and regulation . Do we have that , or anything like it , now ?
`` This all happened 13 months ago , '' Bloom tells THR . `` It 's an effort to undermine the Trump accusers now that they are gaining momentum . ''
Lisa Bloom says reports that women were paid to come forward with accusations of sexual harassment against President Donald Trump are nothing more than right-wing efforts to discredit victims as calls for an investigation into the president 's actions intensify .
The Hill on Friday morning published a report that Bloom sought payment for clients who made or were considering making sexual misconduct allegations against then-candidate Trump — although the report never outright challenges the veracity of the women 's claims .
`` California lawyer Lisa Bloom 's efforts included offering to sell alleged victims ' stories to TV outlets in return for a commission for herself , arranging a donor to pay off one Trump accuser 's mortgage and attempting to secure a six-figure payment for another woman who ultimately declined to come forward after being offered as much as $ 750,000 , '' states the story . `` Bloom said their goal in securing money was not to pressure the women to come forward , but rather to help them relocate or arrange security if they felt unsafe during the waning days of a vitriolic election . ''
That woman who chose not to come forward decided to tell their story to The Hill after learning that Bloom was representing embattled producer Harvey Weinstein ( an attorney-client relationship that ended very publicly after rape allegations surfaced ) . The woman says they supported Trump in 2016 and does n't resent them because they stopped their advances toward them when they asked them to , according to The Hill . They also say that she 's friends with many people close to the president , but no one associated with the White House or Trump forced them to come forward .
The website separately published lengthy excerpts from Bloom 's statements , along with those of their client , Jill Harth , who says they were sexually assaulted by Trump in the '90s .
Bloom turned to Twitter to criticize the story and the reporter , John Solomon , whom they described as being known for `` 'weaponizing ' stories about progressives like me to feed to Fox News . '' ( Solomon did n't reply to a request for comment . )
`` Even this spurious article , written with the intention of casting doubt on the accusers , includes this important fact : that the victims who came forward were telling the truth , '' writes Bloom .
As other outlets like Fox News , `` Page Six '' and The Daily Caller have picked up the story , the claim that seems to be getting the most attention is the one that involves donors allegedly offering six-figure payments to women willing to tell their stories . Both of the women who were quoted , though , stress that they were never asked to make statements they did n't believe were true .
Bloom says donors approached their firm after a Jane Doe Trump accuser canceled a November 2016 press conference at the last minute because she 'd been receiving death threats .
`` Multiple donors then contacted me out of the blue with offers to ensure the safety of women who might still come forward , '' Bloom writes in their statement . `` As an attorney I was obligated to relay those offers of funds for relocation to a safer community and round the clock security , and I was happy to do it . ''
The Hill also mentioned that the attorney told the unnamed woman they could get upward of $ 15,000 , less Bloom 's one-third fee , for giving their first interview to a show like Dr. Phil or Inside Edition . Bloom , in their Twitter statement , explained that when they take on cases for free , or at a reduced fee , they include in the contract that the firm will take one-third of any payment the client receives as a media fee . Most people wo n't be paid for interviews , they say , but some shows will pay to license photos or offer an appearance fee .
Following the explosion of sexual harassment and assault allegations within Hollywood and Congress , several of Trump 's accusers have renewed their efforts to have their claims investigated . Bloom tells The Hollywood Reporter the timing of The Hill 's report is no coincidence .
`` This all happened 13 months ago , '' they say . `` It 's an effort to undermine the Trump accusers now that they are gaining momentum . ''
Two BSO deputies are facing charges for brutally beating a man at a gas station last year and then lying about it in the arrest report . Those lies might have gone unchallenged if it were n't for the surveillance camera hanging above them .
The Broward State Attorney 's Office is charging Deputy Justin Lambert with battery and falsifying a report , and Deputy Mike Manresa will get a falsifying-report charge for the 2014 incident in which they beat 50-year-old David Gonzalez unconscious and then arrested them for resisting arrest . More than a year after the incident , BSO tells New Times that court summonses have been issued for Lambert and Manresa , but they have not yet been formally arrested and booked on the misdemeanor charges .
This is not the first time Lambert has been involved in a false-arrest and battery incident . In 2013 , BSO had to pay $ 350,000 in a civil case where Lambert was involved in tasering and beating a man in front of their wife and kids .
Continue Reading
`` Justice has finally caught up with Justin Lambert , '' says Gary Kollins , who represented the plaintiff in the earlier case . `` It 's no wonder that they are now criminally charged for brutality in arresting a person just several months after that payout . ''
The more recent police brutality episode happened on February 18 , 2014 , when Gonzalez was at a Deerfield Beach gas station and deputies Lambert and Manresa showed up to respond to a call about a drunk man pestering the store clerk . Gonzalez allegedly tried to exchange their watch for a 12-pack , but the clerk told them to get lost and called police to take them away . Instead , the cops stopped Gonzalez and accused them of shoplifting . But Gonzalez denied they stole anything and allowed them to run their license .
As Manresa ran the ID , Lambert got in Gonzalez 's face and berated them for about ten seconds , according to court documents , accusing them of theft . Gonzalez continued to deny the accusations ( it was later proven they had not stolen anything ) , and then Lambert punched him .
After the first punch , Lambert and Manresa grabbed the man and threw them to the ground so hard , they were knocked unconscious when their faced smacked the ground .
Deputies would later describe the incident as “ escorting ” Gonzalez to the ground .
After handcuffing the knocked-out man , Lambert kicked them as they searched their pockets . Nothing was found , and Gonzalez could n't be arrested for theft . The BSO cops , however , did arrest Gonzalez on two counts of resisting arrest without violence .
If it were n't for the gas station surveillance video , which was first reported by Local 10 's Bob Norman , Lambert and Manresa 's tale might have held . But the camera caught what really happened .
In the arrest report , Manresa wrote that they “ attempted holding Gonzalez against the wall to calm them and place them in handcuffs , but they pushed their body forward. ” Manresa added that Gonzalez “ attempted to pull their hands away ” from Manresa and Lambert as they tried to restrain him . Lambert 's report matched their partner 's fictional take of events .
In May 2014 , the two deputies were put on desk duty .
Lambert has had a long – and expensive – history of police misconduct . In December 2009 in Dania Beach , Lambert tasered and beat 50-year-old Jorge Rodriguez in front of their wife and kids . Lambert and two other deputies then arrested Rodriguez for resisting arrest and also arrested their wife for disorderly conduct .
The couple sued , and in December 2013 , a jury awarded them $ 350,000 in damages . But that was n't all BSO had to shell out for that incident . Another $ 250,000 was won by William Pineiro , who was falsely arrested that day too .
Despite having been previously arrested and charged in a strong-arm robbery case , Lambert was first hired by BSO in May 2000 . They were then fired five months later for “ substandard performance . Specifically , they were terminated because they failed to meet probationary standards and failed to satisfactorily complete the agency field training program , ” according to court documents .
But after failing the Florida Officer Certification Program , they retook it , and then BSO gave them a second chance in February 2001 as a certified detention deputy . Three years later , after getting rejected by four other police departments , BSO put a badge and gun on Lambert , making them a full-time cop .
Five years later , he 'd taser and beat Rodriguez .
Attorneys for Gonzalez say in a lawsuit that BSO was well aware of Lambert 's problems by the time they were involved in the beating at the Deerfield gas station . BSO “ failed to take any remotely reasonable measures to prevent a similar event from occurring in the future . ”
BUNGA SAHIB : Sitting on a staircase leading to the statue of Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP ) founder Kanshi Ram , two giant white jumbos on either side , at their house tucked away in Pirthipur village in Punjab 's Ropar district , their siblings Swaran Kaur ( 70 ) and Harbans Singh ( 68 ) , look glum as they ponder over their 'lost legacy'.Living a life of anonymity , they are visibly perturbed over the `` meglomaniac acts '' of BSP supremo Mayawati and have pledged never to vote for the party which their brother founded in 1984 . '' Unne mere veer no khatam karta ( Mayawati finished my brother who formed the BSP and took them into the party ) . To fructify their secret ambitions of first becoming the CM and then a PM , they have become a meglomaniac . For us , our brush with the BSP is over forever , '' says Kaur breaking into tears.She is quick to recall how their mother was forced to trade their jewellery worth Rs 30 lakh in 2003 as well as Rs 2.5 lakh to catch a glimpse of their son , but was not allowed near them even then . `` Her ( Mayawati 's ) self-obsession is palpable . They did not like attention being diverted from them by the illness of Kanshi Ram . They ensured that whatever little money we had was lost , and we remained poverty-stricken and without any say . Despite the jewellery and cash they took from us , we were never allowed to meet Kanshi Ram , '' they say.Harbans sports a turban and Kaur has never trimmed their hair . The duo reminisce about their eldest brother , who too was born as a Sikh , but was given a Hindu name by their maternal grandfather . The family belongs to Ravidasia community , a Dalit sect named after Guru Ravidass , a 15th century saint whose devotional songs are included in the Sikh 's holy book , Guru Granth Sahib.They rattle off names of some of the leaders who came to visit Kanshi Ram 's home and seek Dalit support in the last one year . The list , they insist , cuts across political parties . The more recent visitors include Congress 's Anandpur Sahib candidate Ambika Soni , Punjab Congress chief and Gurdaspur candidate Partap Bajwa and Congress-People 's Party of Punjab ( PPP ) Bathinda candidate Manpreet Badal . `` Ropar district is part of Ambika ji 's constituency . The day they filed their nomination they came and met us . It really lifted our spirits that people in Congress too remember Kanshi Ram ji . Akali Dal 's Jalandhar candidate Pawan Kumar Tinu met us on Kanshi Ram 's birthday in March last year , '' added Harbans.The two are upset with their younger sister Kulwant Kaur , who they say is still a Mayawati supporter.Kanshi Ram 's siblings may be dismissive about Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal , but they are divided when it comes to making a choice between Congress and BJP .
Facebook Inc. said it has acquired FriendFeed , a start-up that allows users to share links and status updates online , folding in a potential rival that struggled to take off . Facebook paid nearly $ 50 million for the company , in a combination cash and stock offer , according to people familiar with the matter .
Priit Kallas
Priit is the founder and CEO of DreamGrow Digital , an internet marketing and social media company . With their 20+ years internet marketing experience they are Helping companies to understand and use the digital marketing to reach their target audiences . He 's also writing on a personal growth website Fixwillpower.com . They have spoken at hundreds of seminars and conferences on different aspects of internet marketing . Priit is also the organizer of Digital Elite Camp , a leading traffic and conversion event .
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=FLb9zH0ub84
Skeleton grandma Madonna is making a truly frightening offer . They will perform oral sex on any man in exchange for a Hillary Clinton vote in the November presidential election . With their music career a distant memory , as well as their sex appeal , it 's nice to see that they have found work as a prostitute .
Madonna introduced fellow Trump-hater Amy Schumer at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday . It was really more of a Hillary Clinton PSA than an introduction for Schumer .
“ If you vote for Hillary Clinton , I will give you a blowjob , ” said Madonna .
Who says liberals are n't serious about important political issues ? Just in case you are n't completely sold , Madonna givers their oral sex résumé .
“ And I am good . I am good . I 'm not a tool , I take my time , I have a lot of eye contact , and I do swallow , ” they said .
I do n't know that they sweetened the pot there . As freakishly terrifying as getting a blowjob from an emaciated senior citizen is , having eye contact through the ordeal is likely to cause PTSD in addition to the VD that comes with it .
I do n't think liberals understand how to make a deal . If you want something from someone you have to offer them something of value in exchange . Tons of lefty celebrities have threatened to leave the US if Trump wins , not understanding that it is more of incentive to vote for Trump . I think I speak for everyone when I say getting rid of Lena Dunham is worth a Trump vote alone . Hell , that 's worth a Charles Manson vote .
Here Madonna is offering to do something that only the creepiest fetish weirdo would want . They would have been better off saying they would n't perform oral sex on you if you vote for Hillary . In a hypothetic situation where I had to choose between a Madonna blowjob or casting a vote for Hillary Clinton , my pants are staying on . Of course this fictional situation would have to involve a third option where the world would be destroyed if I did n't choose . Just know that I would take one for the team to save humanity . You 're welcome .
Easily the funniest thing about this is that Madonna is whoring for Hillary , who is married to a guy who got the world 's most famous blowjob . Bill Clinton was actually impeached for lying about their affair with Monica Lewinksi . Among other things , they gave them a blowjob in the Oval Office . Madonna 's offer is as unintentionally offensive to Hillary as if they were handing out cigars for votes .
Follow Brian Anderson on Twitter
After listening to the Interview ' A Mother 's Love of Guilt ' - I realised that I have always romanticised what it would be like to have a child . You always picture those moments of holding a baby sleeping or playing with a child in the park and things like that - you know , the nice stuff . I also recently saw the movie 'What to Expect when You 're Expecting ' where this one lady was really eager to get pregnant and they were expecting to experience this state of 'bliss ' in terms of having this profound connection with the baby and this whole lovey-dovey experience in relation to carrying a child . But then once they get pregnant , the bliss is nowhere to be found and all there is is physical pain , tiredness , uncomfortableness , emotional turmoil , weird cravings , mood swings , uncontrollable peeing , and so the list goes on.So - what our expectations are as what we project of pregnancy and motherhood have no connection in any way whatsoever to the reality of living and walking these points in the physical.It 's fascinating - because I 've spent time with cihldren for long periods , like on camps , where I 'd be responsible for entertaining a group of teenagers for ten days . Or , during the summer working at a daycare , where me and 4 others would be in charge of 30 to 40 toddlers each day . And sure - there were moments where I 'd have so much fun with them and absolutely enjoyed their expressions and way of looking at things - but at the end of the day , I was just so fricking glad that I could send them back to their parents , because I was utterly and totally exhausted . So - I 've had this practical experience of what it 's like to spend a whole day or several days with a child , continuously having to place the child as the number one priority and where I basically have no time for myself , except after the children 's bedtime - and yet , my ideas and projections of me having a child of my own do n't consider these experiences in any way whatsoever.I mean , I 've even raised baby-chicks in my house - which is this tinly little being that you have to look after all the time . And if you for a moment do n't give it the required attention by not feeding it in time or not letting it fall asleep under your shirt , it tweets so loud and continuously that your brain tries to flee from your head . And once they get older and start to want to wander around by themselves , I waddled around after them to clean up their poop from the floor . And when they still got older , I made them diapers , because their shits were now getting so big and frequent that I could n't keep up . And so , then I was changing diapers every day - which was so not a pleasant experience - I mean , chicken-poo really stinks and I can imagine that baby-poop stinks a thousand times more . AND STILL - when I try to picture what it would be like to have a child , I focus only on that which I think I would enjoy - completely forgetting about the poo-factor and the fact that a baby-human ca n't walk by itself for a really long time , where you have to carry it around all the time . I mean , what 's the deal with that anyways - even a chick can walk after day one ! Anyways ... the point is that I 'm deliberately ignoring the fact that having a child means to be responsible for the life and well-being of a completely helpless creature . Without me doing my part of taking care of the child 24/7 - the child dies - simple . If ever I thought choice existed - that perception would be completely annihilated when faced with a having a baby . I do n't want to spoil it for you by giving the details - you should really listen to it yourself - but the interview ' A Mother 's Love of Guilt ' explains very clearly how and why it is that our projections of what we think it will be like to have a child/be a mother never ever matches the actual reality of it . It also explains why mothers often have 'bad'/negative thoughts about their children of wondering if they did n't make a mistake in having a child , or wishing they 'd never had kids or thinking they wasted their life in having a child . Obviously , this is a topic no-one speaks about , because the mother does n't want to be judged as being a bad person or a bad mother . But , I mean - every mother has these thoughts - and it 's not that it 's a bad thing - but the thing is that mothers do n't understand why these thoughts come up - and in listening to this interview , you 'll get a clear explanation , which will allow you to understand these experiences and be able to direct them more effectively . So , if you 're a mother and you can relate to these experiences - then listening to this interview is a MUST . If you 're a mother and you 're reading this and you 're kind of feeling offended and thinking `` no ways - I would never think that - these are lies '' - then , by all means , leave this page and move on . Only those mothers who are honest with themselves about their experiences will be able to change them in any case.To be continued .
'My Final Landing : ' Suicide by Airplane
toggle caption
The U.S. government estimates that about 31,000 Americans die each year as a result of suicide .
'My Final Landing ' In a Sept. 6 , 1998 , suicide at the Daytona Beach International Airport , the pilot reportedly told the controller : `` This will be my final landing . '' Read the NTSB Report ( PDF )
Methods of suicide vary widely . But in the February issue of Flying mgazine , contributing editor Peter Garrison writes about the relatively rare phenomenon of suicide by airplane , based on incident reports by the National Transportation Safety Board .
Garrison , themselves a pilot , estimates that an average of two or three pilots a year use an airplane to commit suicide . These final flights are often -- though not always -- made in small planes .
Some of the pilots carried on long conversations with air traffic controllers before crashing their planes . `` It 's a curious thing that whereas some people want to just slip away into silence , others seem to want to carry on a kind of chat , '' Garrison says .
In an Oct. 2 , 2000 , incident at the Rapid City ( S.D . ) Regional Airport , a pilot practiced a series of landings in their Piper airplane , then gave a telephone number and asked the controller to tell their family and friends that they loved them . The pilot , who was flying alone , then suggested that the controller order fire and emergency trucks . The controller , thinking there was something wrong with the airplane , asked the pilot if they were declaring an emergency . `` The pilot did n't answer but instead made a low approach to the runway , pulled up in a vertical climb , pushed over into a dive and crashed in the middle of the runway , '' Garrison says .
The pilots rarely hurt anyone other than themselves . While they will occasionally fly into a building out of anger or a desire for revenge , `` on the whole this is quite a private act and people tend to crash their planes somewhere where it does n't do any harm to anybody else , '' Garrison says .
Below is Garrison 's column from the February issue of Flying magazine .
This Will Be My Final Landing
Suicide is the official probable cause of perhaps two accidents a year . It is also implicated , but not blamed , in a few unexplained collisions with terrain involving pilots with histories of depression or previous suicide attempts , but who did not leave notes or otherwise express an intention to take their lives .
There are as many motives—rage , despondency , depression , shame—as there are suicidal pilots . Some end their lives with a kamikaze attack on their own home or an estranged wife or girlfriend 's . ( In the past 15 years all the pilots who have committed suicide by flying into buildings have been men . ) One man , for example , abruptly quit their job and left home . They returned to the house a week later to leave a suicide note , apparently with the intention of discomfiting their wife . Three days later , they took off in a Cherokee Arrow and flew the tanks almost empty—he was airborne for five hours and 20 minutes—before diving into their house . Since there was no fuel left to speak of , there was no fire . Another man , having been barred from their residence by a court restraining order , came back in their Trinidad . Another crashed their airplane beside a church in which a woman who had declined their proposal of marriage was attending a service .
In a variation upon this theme , another pilot , who crashed a Cessna 120 into a forest , first shot their wife , who was in the right seat . Ten days after the accident they were found , their body still in their seat , theirs beside the airplane . The medical examiner attributed their death to `` acute ethanol intoxication , '' a conclusion that implies , perhaps unintentionally , a bizarre scenario : they survived the accident and then drank themselves to death .
A number of suicides were associated with legal troubles . One pilot , who had been charged with `` lewd and lascivious conduct with a minor , '' fell to drinking heavily and spoke of intentionally crashing their Malibu . The next day they did just that , while in radio communication with approach control . They reported descending through 11,000 feet , then through 6,000 just 38 seconds later . They encountered the ground at 4,650 feet .
Another pilot , having been found guilty for the second time of running an illegal pyramid scheme , and apprehensive about the possibility of being sentenced to jail , flew a rented 152 straight into a mountain .
Another , a TV weather presenter whose alleged extramarital affair and harassment of a woman had been the subject of local news reports , told coworkers that they had attempted suicide twice in recent days , once in an airplane . They then took off in an Archer and plunged vertically into the runway at full power .
A pilot who was both a minister and an insurance agent , and who had owned a 1960 Bonanza for two years , was indicted for felony theft in connection with their insurance business . Released on bail , they wrote e-mails to several members of their congregation begging their forgiveness and then departed in their Bonanza , which crashed in level high desert terrain . The coroner ruled the death a suicide , but the National Transportation Safety Board confined itself to `` controlled descent into terrain for reasons undetermined . ''
Another pilot who was the subject of a criminal investigation told numerous friends that they would kill themselves by intentionally crashing an airplane before they would go to jail . True to their word , they rented a 152 , sat in it for half an hour prior to taking off , and then departed never to return .
Another , who had a history of drug use and had been previously convicted of arson , was being sought by police in connection with another arson . Having left behind a power of attorney for their brother , they rented an airplane , buzzed a number of boats , and then crashed into the ocean . The airplane sank , but the pilot 's floating body was recovered and tested positive for alcohol , cocaine and Valium .
Feelings of despair or grief drove others to a fatal flight . A pilot whose wife had left them the day before dove into terrain after leaving on an answering machine a message desiring to `` see my son… one more time . '' The pilot had methodically collected the titles to the family vehicles , signed and notarized them , and left them for their wife . Another , despondent over the death of their mother and concerned that they might lose their FAA medical because of their deteriorating coronary condition , wrote out a will leaving their new sports car to their girlfriend , rented a 172 , flew out over the ocean , did a loop—perhaps something they had always wanted to do in a 172—and plunged into the water .
Some pilots seem to call for help at the same time as they pass beyond it . One made a distress call saying that they were `` going in '' before flying into a rock cliff in VFR weather . By way of explaining himself , they had left their autobiography , their medical history , and their wife 's death certificate in their parked car . Another changed their transponder squawk to 7700 , the emergency code , before flying straight and level into a mountain . Another , who also squawked 7700 and transmitted a distress call saying that their airplane had fuel pressure problems , then parachuted from their airplane , of which they were the only occupant . They did not survive the jump , but it was almost a year before their body was found . The NTSB 's oddly-phrased probable cause was `` the pilot 's intentional decision to abandon the airplane and allow it to fly unattended , '' but the accident report noted that the pilot had earlier left their wife a message saying that `` I do n't want to live any more . ''
Some pilots have engaged in poignantly ambiguous dialogues with controllers . One took off at night in a 182 and climbed past 21,000 feet before reporting to an ATC controller that they were out of fuel . The controller directed them to an airport , but the pilot remarked , `` I prefer water . '' As they glided down , the pilot , whose use of language is endearing , continued to speak of a water landing : `` All things considered , '' they said , `` I think that would be the best place to go . '' At another point they said , `` As you might have guessed , I have not had a good day… I 'm going swimming tonight . '' Indeed , they had not had a good day ; they had been involved in a fatal hit-and-run accident the night before , and there was a warrant out for their arrest . They crashed in darkness into a frozen reservoir .
Another pilot was doing touch-and-goes in a Seminole when they suddenly asked the tower controller to copy down a phone number . `` You do n't need to use it…yet , '' they said . `` It looks like one more option and then a full stop . '' They flew another circuit , then asked the controller to call the number and `` let them know where I 'm at , also , if you could , tell my family and friends that I love them very much . ''
`` Were you going to depart out of here or stay the night ? '' the controller asked , still unaware of the double meaning of the conversation .
`` I 'll stay the night , '' the pilot said , and added a few seconds later , `` It would be a good idea to get airport rescue and fire fighting out here too please . ''
`` Are you declaring an emergency ? '' the controller asked .
There was no reply . The airplane made a low approach , increased speed , pulled nearly straight up , stalled at 1,000 feet , and crashed on the runway .
A more laconic pilot , also in a Seminole , having left a note saying , `` I do not want to live , '' approached their home runway very high . The tower controller asked whether they would be able to get down and land , and the pilot replied , `` This will be my final landing . '' They pushed the nose over , increased power , and dove into the runway .
The most famous suicide flights in recent memory were those of September 11 , 2001 . Their motive , of course , was not personal extinction , but a political and religious mission .
The horrifying possibility that at the controls of a commercial airliner could sit a pilot bent on death had been strangely foreshadowed three years earlier , when the first officer of an EgyptAir flight from New York to Cairo dove a Boeing 767 into the Atlantic south of Nantucket , taking 216 other souls with him . Their motive has never been known , and in fact the Egyptian government , vigorously denying that the crash had been a deliberate act at all , blamed it on defects in the control system of the 767 . The cockpit voice recorder tape , however , was scarcely consistent with the theory that the first officer was trying to save rather than destroy the airplane . The dispute , like the first officer 's incessant repetition of an Arabic phrase , translated as , `` I rely on God , '' but evidently having cultural connotations that non-Muslims could not hope to grasp , left many Americans ominously bewildered . Yet the mystery of that crash was , in a way , not so different from those of other suicide flights . All death-bent pilots seem , when their wheels leave the ground on their final flights , already to have passed over into a foreign land whose language and customs we who have not visited it can only guess at .
This article is based solely on the National Transportation Safety Board 's report of the accidents and is intended to bring the issues raised to the attention of our readers . It is not intended to judge or to reach any definitive conclusions about the ability or capacity of any person , living or dead , or any aircraft or accessory .
PASAY aims to remove children working for begging syndicates in the streets before the Pope 's visit later this month , a city official said Friday . Pasay Social Welfare Department head Rosalinda Orobia told the ManilaStandard the move would prevent the syndicates from taking advantage of the papal visit . “ They know the Pope cares about poor kids , and they will take advantage of that , ” Orobia said of the syndicates . Orobia said the city government has been conducting regular operations to weed out syndicates from legitimate groups providing shelter to children who were abandoned by their parents and were begging in the streets . The city has also been rescuing street children from apartments used to house them , and visiting areas where the syndicates drop them off to beg . “ The children that we have rescued will be sent to our center for interrogation , ” they said . Orbia said the syndicates are well organized and even abduct children to beg or sell on the steets . The children are given shelter and food in exchange for the money that they earn from begging or selling flowers . “ Children of the street are the target victims because nobody cares for them , and because they 're scared or hungry , they go along , ” they said . Among those rescued this year was a 5-year-old , they said . “ Almost every week we are conducting our rescue operations along with the local police , ” Orbia said . In some cases , they added , the children who are rescued are pregnant or were victims of abuse . The Social Welfare and Development Dpartment has programs to shelter the homeless children , and provide them livelihood and skills training , they said.But the government must also do something to stop the syndicates , they said . “ We can not do alone . We need the full cooperation of the PNP , local police and all barangays in Pasay to arrest those syndicates , ” they said . A Palace spokesperson said President Benigno Aquino III was ready to discuss corruption with the Pope . “ The Pope 's previous public announcements on corruption can serve as basis in answering that question . It has been publicized that the Holy Father is taking action against corruption in institutions under the supervision of the Vatican . Also , they are sympathetic to the poor and has made their position on capitalism very clear , ” said Communications Secretary Herminio Coloma . “ On the other hand , the Aquino administration has always worked toward achieving inclusive growth to ensure that no one is left behind . Perhaps it is along this line that there is a similarity in theme – on the aspect of poverty reduction or anti-corruption and the righteous path. ” “ And because the Holy Father is the head of the Catholic Church , we can expect them to say something on what should be the right action and frame of mind for the faithful , ” Coloma added . They said the President is always ready to discuss any relevant topic , including corruption . But Coloma said it will be “ purely speculative ” to assume that the issue of corruption would actually be on the agenda during the meeting at the Palace on Jan. 16 . “ Perhaps what we can consider is their educational background . Products of the Jesuit system of education have a strong orientation for serving other people or for being a person for others . That might be a theme for their discussion , ” they said . After the Pope 's meeting with Aquino , they will hold Mass at the Manila Cathedral . On Jan. 17 , Pope Francis is scheduled to meet with Yolanda survivors in Tacloban City .
Published online 19 November 2008 | Nature 456 , 290-291 ( 2008 ) | doi:10.1038/456290b
News
Finding from balloon experiment adds to satellite data .
A high-altitude balloon experiment above the Antarctic seems to have seen a possible signature of mysterious 'dark matter ' , similar to that spotted earlier this year by a European satellite .
The Advanced Thin Ionization Calorimeter ( ATIC ) , an experiment to search for charged particles from space , has spotted a surplus of high-energy electrons coming from somewhere in the cosmos ( see Letter , page 362 , and News & Views , page 329 ) . Although the interpretation is far from certain , the electrons could be produced by dark matter — previously undetected particles that physicists believe make up 85 % of all matter in the Universe .
ATIC 's findings are similar to data from the PAMELA ( Payload for Antimatter Matter Exploration and Light-nuclei Astrophysics ) satellite mission , a collaboration between Italy , Russia , Germany and Sweden that spotted an excess of high-energy positrons , or anti-electrons , at roughly similar energies ( see Nature 454 , 808 ; 2008 ) . `` In several respects the two measurements complement each other , '' says John Wefel , head of the ATIC collaboration and a physicist at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge .
Several experiments may have found dark matter , the existence of which is inferred here ( blue ) . NASA
Wefel 's team looked at data from two multi-day ATIC missions flown between 2000 and 2003 some 35 kilometres above the Antarctic ice . With 99.5 % of Earth 's atmosphere beneath them , the missions measured electrons that come from various galactic sources such as exploding stars . As predicted by theory , the experiment saw fewer electrons at higher energies . But between 300 gigaelectronvolts and 600 gigaelectronvolts , the number of electrons rose sharply before falling off to background levels .
PAMELA 's results , as posted on the arXiv preprint server last month ( O. Adriani et al . http : //arxiv.org/abs/0810.4995 ; 2008 ) and also submitted to Nature , show positrons increasing up to 100 gigaelectronvolts . Although the collaboration did not report beyond this energy level , some suspect that the number of positrons may continue to increase at higher energies . And , because the PAMELA and ATIC data were measured in different ways , researchers believe that their findings probably confirm each other .
The 'bump ' ATIC sees in the number of electrons could be the result of heavy dark-matter particles annihilating , according to Wefel . When this happens , two dark-matter particles collide and their mass is converted to pairs of fast-moving electrons and positrons , the energies of which would correspond to the mass of the original particles .
“ Annihilation of dark-matter particles is certainly the sexiest of the possibilities . ”
`` That 's certainly the sexiest of the possibilities , '' says Dan Hooper , a theoretical physicist at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia , Illinois . The exact nature of the dark-matter particles that produce electrons is uncertain , but one idea is that they may be ordinary particles that spend part of their lives in a compact extra dimension of space . Whereas the particles would appear relatively stationary to observers trapped in three spatial dimensions , they could be moving at ultra-high speeds in a fourth spatial dimension . At high speeds , they would create a gravitational force that could be felt by matter trapped in three dimensions of space-time . `` It 's very wild , '' Hooper says .
Other , more mundane reasons might also explain the data . The leading candidate is a nearby pulsar , says Aldo Morselli , a particle physicist from the Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics at the University of Rome , Tor Vergata . Pulsars , the fast-spinning remnants of supernovae explosions , have enormous magnetic fields that can accelerate electrons to the high energies seen in the experiments , although ATIC 's bump is harder to match to a pulsar than PAMELA 's increase .
ADVERTISEMENT
Wefel agrees that it is too early to say for certain whether ATIC and PAMELA have seen dark matter . `` You can not make a hard and fast claim , '' they say . `` The case is still open . ''
But more evidence may come soon . NASA 's Fermi telescope ( formerly known as GLAST ) , which launched in June this year , is designed to hunt for high-energy γ-rays . But the telescope can also spot electrons and positrons , according to Morselli . In the coming months , they predict that the telescope will be able to verify the positron and electron data of PAMELA and ATIC . In addition , Fermi may be able to spot γ-rays that have come from dark-matter annihilations . `` By the spring of 2009 , we 'll have a lot more information , '' Morselli says .
10 Tocantins , Episode 13 ( Air Date : May 14 2009 )
by Ian Walker “ The Martyr Approach ”
Survivor exits come in many varieties . When a player gets voted out , it 's the show 's job to craft the definitive end to their time in the game , while servicing the overall narrative of the season . Many factors go into each castaway 's ending : Were they a bit player in the story or one of the driving forces of the narrative ? Did they get blindsided or were they voted out in a more predictable manner ? How were they connected to the other players and who were their friends and enemies ?
With over 400 people and counting , a lot of castaways have lost the game , and each of those losses is ( hopefully ) catered to that player 's story and their personality in their sendoff episode , as their quest to win a million dollars is ultimately snuffed out by Jeff Probst .
Throughout all of the stories of all of the players in Survivor history , nobody has ever had a sendoff quite like Coach
Coach Ben Wade 's exit episode in Survivor : Tocantins is a magnificent piece of television because the entire hour is one big love letter to one of the larger than life characters the show had ever seen . Over the course of the season , Coach had developed a screen presence , unlike any player that had come before him . They crafted their own personal mythology built on all of the things they hold important . Honor . Integrity . Loyalty . All virtues befitting of a noble Dragon Slayer .
Now , as their final chapter approaches at the final five , the show embraces Coach 's utter ridiculousness in a spectacular fashion , crafting an epic ending for an epic character .
It all starts with Coach 's trip to Exile Island . There had been rumblings of sending Coach to Exile before the reward challenge , as JT Thomas and Stephen Fishbach were eager to see if Coach could back up all of the bravadoes they had boasted throughout the game . Coach , aware of the chatter , pleads with JT and Stephen not to send him , citing a litany of ailments ranging from asthma , a bad back , a stubbed toe , a paper cut , all of which would preclude them from an excursion to Exile .
When JT wins the reward challenge , however , the decision is made . Coach was going to Exile Island . Upon being delivered the news , Coach declares their intention to take the “ monastic approach , ” willingly denying themselves of food . The other player 's reactions range from the slight smirks of JT and Stephen to over-the-top eye rolls of Taj Johnson-George and Erinn Lobdell ; the latter calls them out for taking the martyr approach instead of the monastic approach . Coach scoffs at the allegation that they would try to diminish anybody else 's time on Exile and sets off for a truly transformative experience , for both themselves and the viewers alike .
When Coach arrives at Exile Island , they relish the opportunity to test themselves as they had during their other world travels . They fashion themselves a dragon cane , the perfect accessory for some Coach-Chi atop the dunes of Exile . All of the camerawork and the music is played for maximum dramatic effect as Coach communes with the heavens , asking God to help them forgive Erinn for the slight they made against them back at the challenge . This bit of television rests entirely on Coach 's shoulders as they narrate the action , and it all works so wonderfully because Coach speaks with such conviction .
“ Coach Wade 's foundation is built on a rock , ” they opine to the camera . “ Unbreakable , unbending , unyielding , immeasurable , immovable , invincible . ”
Fast forward to the end of the stay , and Coach is wrecked . They held true to the promise of no food , which was , in their words , “ friggin ' awesome. ” Now in a physically weakened state , they head to the immunity challenge , motivated by their rough experience to come back to camp with the necklace .
The challenge was simple enough , requiring the castaways to prop themselves up between two walls while standing on very narrow footholds . Despite the fact that he 's clearly in pain , Coach manages to hold their own , for a time , lasting all the way until it 's just them and JT left . They even let out a primal yell , pushing themselves to their breaking point . Eventually , Coach not only drops out but collapses to the ground , Stephen and JT rushing to their aid while Taj and Erinn casually walk over , skeptical of Coach 's throes of back spasms . Their voice hoarse from pain , Coach manages to get back up on their feet and takes a melodramatic old man walk back to the bench . Probst inquires if Coach would like a check in from medical , which Coach adamantly denies , asserting that he 's in so much pain that medical would automatically take them out of the game , a fate they will not succumb to .
Coach returns to camp without the necklace , nervous for both their health and their safety in the game . Their buddies JT and Stephen have kept them around for awhile now , so he 's hoping they can extend their stay a little more . They play up the bond the three of them have as warriors , stressing their philosophy of wanting to go to the end with the strongest of competitors . Unfortunately , they do n't see it the same way , as Coach is ultimately voted out , but not without some parting thoughts on their departure . Probably anticipating this would be their tribal council swan song , they debut an original poem that goes like this :
With friend and foe we march to the battle plain .
Some to seek success , others to seek fame .
We play with honor , for the love of this game .
And with armor or without , we will toil in vain .
So that someday , someone , somewhere , will remember our name .
The poem is the perfect note to end Coach 's story on , full of over-the-top philosophical nonsense and grand posturing for the viewers at home . It 's the conclusion to one of the most memorable stories in Survivor history , one that will be enshrined in the annals of Survivor history for years to come , just like Coach would want it .
PreviousNext
ELLICOTT CITY , MD - Two men were convicted in connection with a nonfatal shooting in Columbia that happened in January . The assault was related to a marijuana deal gone wrong , officials said .
The victim , an Essex man in the area to sell drugs to a Columbia man , was found shot on Old Dobbin Lane , officials said . They were airlifted from Long Reach High School for treatment of gunshot wounds on Jan. 7 .
The victim had been asked to deliver four ounces of marijuana to a Long Reach apartment complex , but when they arrived without the goods , two men shot him , according to the Howard County State 's Attorney 's Office .
Erik D. Shird , 24 , of the 6100 block of Turnabout Lane in Columbia , allegedly said they would pay $ 900 for the marijuana .
In court , the victim told the Assistant State 's Attorney Natasha Byus in court that they `` did n't trust him , '' speaking of Shird .
According to the state 's attorney 's office , the victim had reasoned not to trust the Columbia man ; neither Shird nor the other man charged in the case - Daries T. Williams , 22 , of the 300 block of Joplin Street in Baltimore - had $ 900 at the time of their arrest , the lead detective testified .
Officers said they found the 38-year-old victim upon responding to a report of a man shot in the leg in the area of Old Dobbin Lane at 5:15 p.m. on Jan. 7 . A medevac took them to the University of Maryland R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center , where police said that within a few days , they were in good condition .
Upon investigation , authorities determined that a total of five shots had been fired at close range , the state 's attorney reported , while the victim was at the wheel of their girlfriend 's car .
The victim had dropped their girlfriend off at their job at Famous Dave 's , then gone to the drug meetup location in Long Reach , where Williams and Shird shot into the vehicle through the passenger side , officials said . There was reportedly another person in back of the vehicle at the time of the shooting .
A jury deliberated for nearly six hours before deciding on July 26 not to convict Shird and Williams of attempted first-degree murder , the most serious charge they faced .
Shird was found guilty of three counts of first-degree assault , two counts of using a firearm in a felony crime , using a firearm in a drug trafficking crime , possession with intent to distribute , possession of drugs other than marijuana and possessing a firearm with a felony conviction , court records show .
At the time of their arrest , Shird had 14 pink vials of crack cocaine in their pocket as well as two vials of marijuana , according to Wayne Kirwan , spokesperson for the state 's attorney 's office . They also had a plastic baggie with marijuana and a `` rock '' of crack cocaine that police said was large enough for `` 50 servings , '' Kirwan said .
Williams was convicted of three counts of first-degree assault and two counts of using a firearm in a felony crime .
Howard County Circuit Court Judge William V. Tucker set Shird 's sentencing for Aug. 24 . Williams will be sentenced Oct. 27 in Howard County Circuit Court .
According to the state 's attorney , each man faces more than 100 years in prison .
File photo by Elizabeth Janney .
Prep Time : 20 min
Cook Time : 10 min
Going vegan is a lifestyle choice that can be shockingly delicious . To avoid all the ingredients from animals can be challenging , but it turns out there are easy ways to be a vegan while keeping healthy .
Vegetarianism is easier to adhere to with gluten-free granita desserts that look and taste great . Kids will surely love these treats !
• Peach Granita : All you need for making this delightful recipe is few ripe peaches ( about 1 pound and coarsely chopped ) , few cups of water , sugar , salt as needed , 1 Tbsp . of lemon juice , and chopped fresh basil ( optional ) . In a blender , grind peaches , sugar , lemon juice and ¼-teaspoon of salt . If needed , add some more sugar and add the mix into a square shaped baking sheet ( 6 to 8 inch dish tray ) . Freeze it for 3 hours . Make sure the mixture is cold and fluffy . Finally , mix it with basil and enjoy .
• Merry Mint Grapefruit Granita : Grapefruit is healthy and full of fiber . The ingredients needed for this awesome granita are few cups of fresh mint leaves , mint syrup , sugar , grapefruit juice , and lemon juice . In a small saucepan , add sugar , mint , and water and boil over medium-high heat until the sugar dissolves completely . Blend fruit juices , mint syrup and the mixture prepared now . Then , freeze it for six hours and break the granita into large chunks . Using a food processor , you could pulse to form small crystals and serve them with mint leaves garnished over them .
• Festive Tangelo Granita : The main ingredients for this granita are few cups of water , sugar , tangelo juice , lemon juice and one to two teaspoons of tangelo zest . In a saucepan , add some water , sugar and tangelo zest in a simmer flame and mix it all until the sugar is not visible . Next , mix in lemon and tangelo juice , pour it to a baking dish and freeze for four to five hours . Lastly , create some crystals using knife and enjoy the granita .
These vegan granita desserts are simple , delicious and help you to stay in shape . Have fun .
Note : Inactive prep time for making the dessert is 4 hrs .
* Image courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons .
General Motors Co. reported a 91 % jump in its fourth-quarter profit , beating analyst expectations and capping a tumultuous year for a chief executive wrestling to revive the giant automaker .
The Detroit company said it plans to boost its dividend starting in the second quarter . It will later this month pay about 48,000 U.S. hourly workers profit sharing checks of $ 9,000 based on its 2014 financial performance .
Fourth-quarter profit earnings before dividends rose to $ 1.99 billion compared with $ 1.04 billion a year earlier . Excluding some charges , the company earned $ 1.19 a share , handily beating analyst estimates of 83 cents a share . Revenue for the quarter was $ 39.6 billion , down somewhat from $ 40.5 billion a year ago . Net profit after dividends increased to $ 1.11 billion compared with $ 913 million a year earlier .
GM said it also intends to raise its dividend starting in the second quarter by 20 % to 36 cents . The move must still be approved by the automaker 's board of directors .
`` Our intention to increase the dividend is consistent with our balanced capital allocations strategy and reflects the confidence we have in growing the strength of our business , '' Ms. Barra said in a statement .
GM earnings come hours after Toyota Motor Corp. raised its full-year net profit outlook by 6.5 % to another record high of Yen2.13 trillion ( $ 18.1 billion ) in fiscal year ending March . Toyota continues to reap the benefits of a depreciating yen and strong U.S. auto market .
GM 's fourth-quarter finish gives Chief Executive Mary Barra a springboard heading into 2015 . They now has cash in the bank , a portfolio of new vehicles and is surrounded by a senior leadership team with a year of working together under their belts . They must now deliver on turning GM Europe profitable this year while closing the gap with rival Ford Motor Co. when it comes to profit margins in North America .
For the quarter , North America 's operating profit jumped to $ 2.21 billion from $ 1.88 billion as the company 's profit margins increased to 8.7 % from 7.5 % Much of that came from consumers spending to buy the automaker 's new cars and trucks .
Europe 's loss widened to $ 393 million from $ 363 million . The results include Russia 's financial performance , where the automaker has been slashing output amid currency fluctuations . For the year , Europe lost $ 1.37 billion compared with $ 869 million .
In South America , rocked by economic turmoil , GM saw its operating profit more than double to $ 89 million while international operations increased to $ 396 million from $ 228 million .
Write to Jeff Bennett at jeff.bennett @ wsj.com
Access Investor Kit for Toyota Motor Corp .
Visit http : //www.companyspotlight.com/partner ? cp_code=P479 & isin=JP3633400001
Access Investor Kit for General Motors Co .
Visit http : //www.companyspotlight.com/partner ? cp_code=P479 & isin=US37045V1008
Access Investor Kit for Toyota Motor Corp .
Visit http : //www.companyspotlight.com/partner ? cp_code=P479 & isin=US8923313071
Subscribe to WSJ : http : //online.wsj.com ? mod=djnwires
When I tell a bad joke and you do n't laugh , try to have some pity . I do n't like it any more than you do .
Like the long line of nerdy , overweight Jews before me , somewhere in middle school or high school , I quickly picked up on the fact that “ dark and mysterious ” and “ effortlessly cool ” were not the descriptors that stuck to me . What other options does that leave ? You can be artsy , but I do n't look good in a scarf and was told I 'm color blind by my fourth-grade art teacher ( I 'm not , I 'm just very very bad and uninterested in painting ) , so that was off the table as well .
Music could have worked : I 'm obsessed with it , and in pretty much all of its genres , so I would n't even have to be picky about where I land ! I ca n't blame this one on lack of trying ; pretending to casually toy around with friends ' guitars while actually desperately trying to learn was almost as embarrassing as setting my high school 's record for “ Most Amount of Time Spent in Orchestra Without Promotion . ”
From the long , passed-down tradition of self-deprecation you 've been reading above , you might see that I finally settled on the humorous arts as my self-identifier . What a joke of a choice .
Here 's where you might ask how my attempts at doing improv , or open mic stand-up , or even writing scripts have worked out . Wrong ! I 'm far too much of a coward to try anything public like that . As I 'm typing this , I 'm imagining myself doing stand-up , and the mental image of flop sweat and stammering already has my chest tightening with self-hate .
When my roommate and I went to see a movie about improv comedy , and they told me I should come try out with him , I think I lied about having a Daily Cal commitment . Do I resent the fact that he , as a junior , despite having no comedy background at all , immediately joined the best improv group on campus and would get uproarious laughs at all of the shows I attended ? Of course , but just in the way that I 'm resentful of any successful ( and tall ) person , it 's not jealousy .
My ambitions are so much lower than any of that . I do n't want to be publicly celebrated or put myself out there ; it 's just that if someone asks my friend what I 'm like , I 'd prefer they say “ funny and short ” rather than just “ short . ”
I 'm too conservative and nebbishy to be a full blown smartass . It 's not like I was being sent to the principal 's office for making fun of teachers in class ; I 'm such a nice Jewish kid I was almost trying harder to get the laugh from teachers than kids . Is n't that sentence so pitiful it makes your skin crawl ? Imagine that being your personality .
But making people laugh is such sweet vindication . There 's genuinely nothing in the world that feels better to me . It 's a complete high , and there 's no end to my craving . I do n't push the envelope , I just try too hard and look like a moron . And I 'll try anything .
Do I tell one person the same story twice in a day because , when something funny happens to me , all I do is think about who I want to tell and how ? To the point that it overshadows the conversations themselves ? This happens almost every day .
This week , I started my sports department meeting with a monologue from The Young Pope about how I do n't value friendly relationships . I hoped it would work as a joke because I consider myself to be friendly with all my writers . It was pretty clear it was n't working out halfway through , but I had n't transcribed the scene that morning to just quit . The stoic reaction seemed to indicate I might have been wrong about my own friendliness . I 've stooped to the plain hurtful . After sending out acceptance emails to freshmen hoping to join the sports department , I took way too much glee in following up by telling them they received the wrong message and leaving them hanging for a few minutes . Sorry Leo .
I guess what I 'm saying is , I 'm sorry . To those around me , when I talk to you , think of it less than a joke and more as a Jewish interpretation of existential dread and self-loathing . Also , please laugh .
Off the Beat columns are written by Daily Cal staff members until the fall semester 's regular opinion columnists have been selected .
Lucknow : Yogi Adityanath took over as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh amidst claims by the Bharatiya Janata Party that keeping a strict watch on the maintenance of law and order would be their forte . However , on Saturday a group of men drawn from militant Hindutva parivar outfits like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad , Bajrang Dal and Hindu Yuva Vahini , which was founded by Adityanath himself , attacked the Fatehpur Sikri police station in Agra , pelted stones at police personnel and slapped the deputy superintendent of police who had filed an FIR against some of their activists for assaulting and robbing a Muslim vegetable vendor .
Newspaper reports say a local BJP leader , Hemant Tiwari , was also present when the Sangh activists assaulted the police officers . The audacious attack by Hindutva activists shows how emboldened the right-wing forces have become after the BJP 's landslide victory in UP .
Ironically , this incident happened just after the new director general of UP police , Sulkhan Singh , took over on Saturday and warned of tough action against cow vigilante groups who break the law .
What happened in Fatehpur Sikri is not an isolated incident . Just two days earlier , on April 20 , a communal riot broke out in Saharanpur in which dozens were injured and the house of a senior superintendent of police , Luv Kumar , was attacked by a mob led by a local BJP MP .
The senior superintendent of police ( SSP ) told the Times of India on record that BJP MP Raghav Lakhanpal Sharma had led the mob to their residence and incited them to vandalise the place . The police officer 's family was still inside the house and in a state of panic when this happened . The mob vandalised the property and broke the name plate and CCTV cameras installed outside the SSP 's house . The BJP MP has been named in the FIR .
How do these two incidents square with the BJP 's claim that Adityanath is very strong and resolute on the law and order front ? Will Adityanath proceed against the members of the BJP , Bajrang Dal and Hindu Yuva Vahini who have been named in the two serious cases of mob violence which occurred in the past one week ?
Adityanath will have to contend with the larger issue of militant Hindutva outfits , including cow vigilantes , who are not only taking the law into their own hands but are even assaulting senior police officers . Several analysts , including media persons , had said at the time of the controversial yogi 's swearing-in that Adityanath should not be judged by their past but be given a chance to prove their mettle as an administrator . Within a few weeks of taking charge , the chief minister is being tested and that too by their own brethren in the Sangh parivar .
Apparently , the Saharanpur rioting happened because local Dalit and Muslim groups took out a procession for Amebdkar Jayanti on April 14 . Not to be left behind , the BJP and some other assorted Sangh parivar outfits decided to take out their own procession some days later to mark Ambedkar divas . This procession , led by the BJP MP , turned violent and eventually , the participants attacked the SSP 's house .
These may seem like stray incidents but they do signify a growing militancy in the Hindutva cadres which feel on top of the world after the UP assembly victory . With the BJP now ruling the state , Prime Minister Narendra Modi can not possibly argue that law and order is a state subject and the local state government is responsible for bringing such wanton violence under control .
If the Saharanpur and Fatehpur Sikri violence had occurred during the tenure of the earlier regime , the BJP would have gone to town with the charge of “ goonda raj ” against the Samajwadi Party . Now , the boot is on the other leg . Whether it is the Saharanpur rioting or the killing of dairy farmer Pehlu Khan in Rajasthan , the prime minister , the BJP and the Centre are all answerable as such violence is happening in BJP-ruled states . People are watching closely to see whether justice is being dispensed without fear or favour .
In the never ending barrage of ‘ teaser images ' Marvel puts out , one managed to actually retain my attention before I could click away .
Moon Knight , a character I 've felt they could never quite get a handle on , is re-launching in May . The Tagline used is ‘ All The Avengers You 'll Ever Need ' .
As this book is written by Bendis , who also writes a slew of other titles including the Avengers , New Avengers , and Avengers Prime , the line struck me as rather odd . I 'm left wondering what Marvel 's intent with the slogan was .
I 'm also left wondering when exactly Bendis finds time to sleep .
Today 's cover image was done by none other than Ryan Lee , who has yet to disappoint :
Ryan Lee is a freelance illustrator/designer diligently working out of their home studio surrounded by foxes and spiders in Northwestern Michigan . Since their graduation from the College for Creative Studies in 1999 , they have been steadily working in various creative mediums including ( but not limited to ) illustration , advertising , graphic design , character design , fine art painting , and storyboards . Most recently , Ryan has refocused their work efforts on the comic book industry , a passion of theirs since they first picked up a pen as a child .
Have a great weekend , folks , and we 'll see you back here on Monday .
-sohmer
Watching New Girl or Homeland on your computer , mobile phone or Xbox has become so second nature to viewers , it 's hard to recall that new technology once brought Hollywood to a standstill .
But how writers were paid for the digital distribution of their work was at the core of a 100-day work stoppage that put primetime TV viewers on a strict diet of reality and reruns in 2007 and early 2008 . Daily Variety deputy editor Cynthia Littleton , who chronicles the battle and its lasting impact in their new book TV On Strike : Why Hollywood Went to War over the Internet ( Syracuse University Press ) , says while many writers took a financial beating from the walkout , they had little choice but to take a hard line . The emergence of Netflix , Hulu and other services since the strike has proven online viewing is a robust business . We asked them about the strike 's aftermath and what 's ahead .
TV Guide Magazine : Are the digital residuals the writers fought for in the strike adding up to anything ?
Cynthia Litteton :
If you ask the average writer on the street , they 'd admit no , they have n't seen such a great windfall . There are definitely people who say , `` Why did we go on strike ? '' The balance of people who were on the street on the picket line believe it was a stance they had to take at that time to get their foot in the door , otherwise they could have stayed in the position they were — getting nothing or a fraction of a penny per digital download or stream .
TV Guide Magazine : So was it worth it to strike ?
Littleton :
`` Worth it '' is a hard thing to answer . It did cost people a lot of money . The real question is why did it have to get there ? The writers taking a very militant line — that scared studio execs into their bunkers where they held an unreasonable line . The writers had to do what they did in 2007 . Could they have handled the negotiations differently to avoid the strike ? Yes , probably . Same thing with the studios ; their talent relations were abysmal . In hindsight , the CEOs would agree there should have been a lot more outreach and private conversations about where the happy medium was .
TV Guide Magazine : Ever since the strike , it feels like the TV industry really made a big effort to control costs .
Littleton :
It was the coincidental timing of the strike and our global economic meltdown — those two things really changed the nature of television production and the size of writing staffs on network primetime shows . The studios took the opening to do what they wanted to do for a long time — which is to radically reduce the size of writing staffs .
TV Guide Magazine : How long is that going to last ?
Littleton :
As is always the case , the costs have a way of creeping back up . Talent coming to the table with a lot of clout has the ability to say , `` I want that ninth staff writer position . '' It 's not a change forever and all time . But it was such a radical downsizing that it has had a lasting impact . It 's only now with the licensing of shows to the Internet that studios are getting back to pre-strike spending levels .
TV Guide Magazine : Do you think the strike had an impact on programming in the years that followed ?
Littleton :
I think in a year or two after the strike , the broadcast networks were very nervous about spending a lot of money on shows where they were n't sure about where the back end was . What they told writers during the strike is : we ca n't possibly give you digital residuals because we do n't know where the money is coming from . That was true . It 's only started to take shape in the last couple of years . That led to some mundane choices on the broadcast network side . That probably benefited edgier outlets like AMC and FX .
TV Guide Magazine : Now that digital streaming is a big part of the business , are the Writers Guild and studios headed for another showdown ?
Littleton :
It will be interesting to see in the next round in 2014 . Not a day goes by that we do n't write about a big digital rights deal . It 's definitely going to be on the table .
Subscribe to TV Guide Magazine now !
Users of Skype that run 64-bit versions of Windows like me probably have noticed that when starting Skype , the following dialog box appears :
The program or feature “ ? ? C : Documents and SettingsMyriaLocal SettingsTemp121.com ” can not start or run due to incompatibility with 64-bit versions of Windows . Please contact the software vendor to ask if a 64-bit Windows compatible version is available .
Well , that 's weird . Skype 's trying to run a .com file , which wo n't work on Win64 because there 's no NTVDM . Let 's try opening it in Hex Workshop . Access denied ? OK , I 'll terminate Skype to read it . Still ca n't ? ! This thing is really starting to annoy me . I 'll use WinDbg to terminate winlogon.exe to force a kernel panic . I reboot and NOW I can read the damn file .
An unreadable executable file coming from Skype sounds interesting , so I look at it . It 's 46 bytes long . For copyright reasons I ca n't post the file or a complete disassembly . However , I can describe the program in terms of 16-bit DOS C :
int main ( void )
{
fwrite ( ( const void far * ) 0xF0000000 , 1 , 0xFFFF , stdout ) ;
fwrite ( ( const void far * ) 0xF000FFFF , 1 , 1 , stdout ) ;
return 0 ;
}
It 's dumping your system BIOS , which usually includes your motherboard 's serial number , and pipes it to the Skype application . I have no idea what they 're using it for , or whether they send anything to their servers , but I bet whatever they 're doing is no good given their track record .
In 32-bit Windows NT , including Vista , the kernel permits NTVDM to make a read-only mapping of the BIOS at address 000F0000 . This allows DOS programs running under NTVDM to make use of the BIOS . That 's how this 46-byte program is capable of sending the BIOS to the Skype application , and also explains why they use this mechanism to begin with .
If they had n't been ignorant of Win64 's lack of NTVDM , nobody would 've noticed this happening .
Negative image of the Shroud of Turin
The Shroud of Turin and Technoscience
COMMENTARY : The more the cloth is investigated , the more the evidence accumulates for its authenticity .
FATHER DWIGHT LONGENECKER
Our train was speeding up the Italian peninsula at 100-plus miles an hour .
Equipped with PowerPoints , flat screens and Wi-Fi , it was the epitome of everything techno-scientific about the modern age .
The clash , therefore , with our vacation destination pushed the irony as fast and as far as the train itself , for we were going to venerate the Shroud of Turin .
We found our hotel , and over dinner with a young fellow pilgrim , we discussed the mystery of the shroud . I had researched the purported burial cloth of Christ for many years and continue to be intrigued at how every new techno-scientific discovery adds a new dimension to its mystery .
The shroud lay virtually unknown for 1,900 years and would have been dismissed as a grubby medieval forgery if it had n't been for the advances of modern technoscience .
The shroud 's first encounter with the technology of the modern age was when it was first photographed by Secondo Pia in 1898 . Pia was astounded , when they developed their plates , to discover that their photographic negative was actually a positive image of a man 's face . That meant the image on the shroud was , in effect , a photographic negative .
However , it was not just a photographic negative . The unique qualities of the shroud image were confirmed in 1976 , when a photograph of the image was put into a VP-8 Image Analyzer — a gadget that transforms the lights and darks in images to three-dimensional forms . An eerie 3-D image of a man 's face emerged — something that the gadget can not produce from photographs or paintings .
“ This spatial data encoded into the image actually eliminates photography and painting as the possible mechanism for its creation and allows us to conclude that the image was formed while the cloth was draped over an actual human body , ” according to Barrie Schwortz , an internationally recognized authority on the shroud . “ So the VP-8 Image Analyzer not only revealed a very important characteristic of the shroud image , but , historically , it also provided the actual motivation to form the team that would ultimately go and investigate it . ”
The amazing discovery of the three-dimensional image prompted a team of scientists to conduct the most extensive research on the shroud in 1978 : Sturp ( the Shroud of Turin Research Project ) . The scientists spent two years preparing to conduct the tests and more than 120 hours rigorously examining the scientific qualities of the shroud .
Most of their work is published in specialist scientific journals , but an accessible summary concluded that no paint , oils or spices formed the image . The cloth was in contact with the body of a crucified man , but the scientists were unable to offer an explanation for the process of forming the image .
The Sturp investigators outlined various details that point to the shroud 's authenticity . Firstly , the crown of thorns is invariably portrayed in medieval art as a circlet of thorns . The shroud reveals it to be a cap of thorns covering the crucified man 's entire head . Secondly , the man on the shroud was nailed through the wrist , not the palm . Medieval portrayals of the wounds are almost always through the palm . Modern physiology reveals that the weight of the body would tear through the palms , whereas a nail between the wrist bones would support the body weight . Furthermore , modern physiology has shown that when the wrist is pierced , the punctured median nerve causes the thumb to move in reflex against the palm of the hand . This explains why the crucified man 's thumbs are invisible . Would a 14th-century forger have such detailed anatomical knowledge — and why would they have contradicted the traditional iconography ?
From the Sturp investigation came other intriguing details that could only have been unlocked in the scientific age . Botanist Max Frei famously traced pollen common to the ancient Middle East through their investigation of the shroud , and their pioneering work has recently been augmented by Marzia Boi , who has identified the pollen as that present in the herbs and oils used for Jewish funeral rites in the time of Jesus .
Then , in 1988 , a scrap of linen was clipped from the shroud and sent to laboratories in Arizona , Oxford , England , and Zurich to be dated using the carbon-14 technique . For the first time , the scientific tests invalidated claims of the shroud 's authenticity . The tests dated the shroud between 1260 and 1390 . This fit perfectly with the first documented appearance of the shroud in Lirey , France , in 1353 .
Despite the other encouraging evidence , the carbon-14 dating seemed to be conclusive proof that the ancient linen cloth was an ingenious medieval forgery .
However , the mystery of the shroud was not to be solved quite so easily . Further research uncovered a painting that portrayed the shroud , which predated both the documented exhibition in Lirey and the carbon-14 results . Shroud believers suggested that the fire that nearly destroyed the shroud in 1532 could have affected the carbon-14 dating , and closer examination revealed that the area from which the linen was taken for testing was not only the area handled by those displaying the shroud over the centuries , but it had been repaired by almost invisible interweaving in the 14th century .
Suddenly , the carbon-14 dating did not seem so watertight . Then , in 2012 , an Italian academic who had been studying the mystery of the shroud for years released what seems to be the best theory to explain the shroud 's image . Giulio Fanti , an Italian professor of mechanical and thermal measurement at Padua University , reports that the only technique to come close to reproducing the image on the shroud is ultraviolet radiation . However , it required 500,000 volts to produce a replica only a few centimeters long . Fanti calculates that to produce an instant image the size of the shroud would require tens of millions of volts — something which is impossible to produce through natural methods .
The irony of the Shroud of Turin 's long history is that it was only in a skeptical , scientific age that the scientific technology has been available to test the shroud — and the more the shroud is investigated , the more the evidence accumulates for its authenticity .
Perhaps the techno-scientific whiz kids that created that high-speed train can turn their brilliance toward establishing how an artisan of the 14th century could have detailed knowledge of Roman torture techniques and tools , reproduce accurate physiological wounds of crucifixion , introduce pollen from the Middle East and singe a negative photographic image onto linen giving it three-dimensional imaging capabilities .
Then they must explain why an artist would trouble themselves to produce such an image . If they were out to fool the faithful , would n't a simple painting have sufficed ?
Or they could accept that this ancient linen cloth provides what is virtually photographic proof of the resurrection of Jesus Christ .
Father Dwight Longenecker is a priest of the Diocese of Charleston , South Carolina .
Follow Father Longenecker 's blog , browse their books and be in touch at DwightLongenecker.com .
Former WWE Intercontinental Champion Val Venis spoke with Inquisitr recently and opened up about their use of medical marijuana , in addition to speaking about Owen Hart . You can read the highlights below :
On medical marijuana saving their lives :
`` It 's actually saved my life . I had six pins put in my shoulder , ca n't get my elbows straight anymore , they 're always hurting . Doctors had me on anti-inflammatory 's and pain pills for years and you ca n't take those things for the rest of your life without suffering serious consequences . And when I found out about marijuana and started utilizing that instead , in 2008 , I came off all pharmaceuticals and never looked back , '' said Venis . `` I could smoke marijuana and eat marijuana for the rest of my life and never suffer any liver disease or kidney failure due to pills . The pills will get you every single time , with marijuana , you could be 110-years-old and still smoke it . ''
On fellow Canadian Owen Hart :
`` There was one time when we watched Owen , they had a driver and they were in the passenger seat and Jeff Jarrett was in the backseat behind Owen . And as they are going up the ramp to drive out from the bottom of the arena , all you hear on the top of the roof of the car is 'whack ! ' And Owen looks over to the driver , they says 'that guy up there just threw a rock down on your car . ' So , the guy stops the car on the ramp , gets out of the car , runs up the ramp , runs around the rail and charges at the guy Owen pointed at . Well , a cop steps out in front of the driver and says 'whoa , this guy did n't throw any rock , the guy with the blonde hair in the car hit the roof of your car with their hand . And when the driver looks over the rail to look at Owen , Owen turns around and says 'Jeff , why did you hit the top of the car ? ' and put all the heat on Jeff . ''
LibreSSL : More Than 30 Days Later
tedu @ openbsd.org
LibreSSL was officially announced to the world just about exactly five months ago . Bob spoke at BSDCan about the first 30 days . For those who were n't there , I 'll quickly rehash some of that material . Also , it 's always best to start at the beginning , but then I 'll try to focus on some new material and updates .
openssl
Cryptography in general and TLS in particular are pretty difficult to get right . So a monoculture is n't strictly a bad thing . Put all your eggs in one basket , and then watch that basket very carefully , right ? Unfortunately , the OpenSSL basket was being watched somewhat less than very carefully . Yeah , it has bugs , but surely somebody else will fix them . And worst case scenario , since everybody uses the same library , everybody will be affected by the bugs . Nobody wants to be alone .
heartbleed
What was unusual about Heartbleed ? It 's a vulnerability , not an exploit , with a name ( and a website ! ) . Previously we 'd seen The Internet Worm ( when there was only one ) , then Code Red , Blaster , Stuxnet . They all used various exploits , but the vulnerabilities did n't have names . Heartbleed ca n't even be considered the worst OpenSSL vuln . Previous bugs have resulted in remote code execution . Anybody remembers the Slapper worm ? That worm exploited an OpenSSL bug ( which was apparently titled the SSLv2 client master key buffer overflow ) which revealed not only encrypted data or your private key , but also gave up a remote shell on the server , and then it propogated itself . Yeah , I 'd say that 's worse . But no headlines .
I mention this just to reinforce that LibreSSL is not the result of `` the worst bug ever '' . I may call you dirty names , but I 'm not going to fork your project on the basis of a missing bound check .
why fork
But why fork ? Why not start from scratch ? Why not start with some other contender ? We did look around a bit , but sadly the state of affairs is that the other contenders are n't so great themselves . Not long before Heartbleed , you may recall Apple dealing with goto fail , aka the worst bug ever , but actually about par for the course .
libressl
posix
# ifdef FIONBIO / * working code * / # else / * crappy workaround * / # endif
In theory , this looks like we 're going to use the good code on a posix system . But there 's just one problem . The code is testing for FIONBIO , which is only defined if you include the right header . If you forget to include the right header , the compiler falls back to the workaround . The mere existence of workarounds means they can be picked up accidentally , and you 'll never know .
socklen_t
Here 's a problem . You want to create a variable the same size as socklen_t . One fairly obvious solution would be to declare a variable of type socklen_t . That 's not how OpenSSL does things , however . Instead , let 's create a union of a couple different ints , call accept ( ) , then inspect the different union members to determine which ones were overwritten by the kernel . Oh , and do n't forget to check for big endian versus little endian .
optionmania
# define OPENSSL_NO_HEARTBEATS # define OPENSSL_NO_BUF_FREELISTS
First , the naming convention alone reveals the on by default mentality . Everything is on , you have to pick and choose what to disable . Second , this makes testing for such options problematic . Old versions without the feature do n't have to define to disable the feature . Even more bizarrely , this means that future releases of LibreSSL will have to track This defines and continue adding more of them for every new feature we decide not to import . We plan on not adding support for many more features to come .
apply the brakes
I 'm going to pick on the FreeBSD guys here for a bit , but it 's not their fault .
2014-08-06 OpenSSL advisory
2014-09-09 FreeBSD advisory
What were you guys doing ? Oh , that 's right . You were probably wading through the 13,000 lines of diff that OpenSSL decided to drop as part of the new release .
Projects need to consider how downstream users will actually deal with their copiuous volume of security patches . This goes back to how did heartbeats get into the ecosystem ? Because nobody could keep track of what 's going on .
That 's not to say LibreSSL development is frozen . We 've added support for a few new ciphers , notably chacha20 . As we do so , though , we consider what new possible failure modes we may introduce . I would n't put a buffer overflow outside the realm of possibility when implementing a cipher , but it 's pretty unusual . The inputs to a cipher are quite well defined with little room for error .
SRP
May 5 - Remove libssl SRP
Jul 2 - CVE-2014-5139 ( ssl ) discovered
Jul 28 - Remove libcrypto SRP
Jul 31 - CVE-2014-5139 ( crypto ) discovered
Aug 6 - OpenSSL 1.0.1i
Aug 8 - Bug report SRP is broken
On May 5 , I removed all the SRP code from libssl , along with kerberos and some other protocol extensions . The problem is that this code is integrated by sprinkling a dozen ifdefs and crazy nested if/else chains into functions that do some pretty critical things , like decide how to exchange keys between client and server . Auditing these 1000 line monoliths was clearly impossible , so we cut down to the basics . The SRP code in libcrypto was left alone because it was n't directly in the way .
On July 2 , OpenSSL received notification about a crash causing bug in the TLS SRP code , but this was not publicly known . On July 28 , I deleted the libcrypto SRP code as well . In my commit message , I mentioned `` hey there 's a bug in here , but the details are secret . '' This was actually kind of misleading because the secret bug was in a different library , in code that had already been removed .
Three days later , on July 31 , two researchers found a remotely expoitable buffer overflow in the libcrypto SRP code . This is like `` throw a rock ; you 're guaranteed to hit something . '' Even when you point people in the wrong direction , they still find bugs .
On August 6 , 1.0.1i was released with fixes for both of the above issues along with about 12800 lines of diff for other stuff . On August 8 , a user reported that after upgrading , SRP no longer worked . The fix for the first issue was broken . The bug was embargoed for over a month , and nobody tested the fix .
What 's the lesson here ? Do n't drop jumbo security patches on users . Anybody actually uses SRP was in an unfortunate pickle here . They could n't upgrade to get the fix for the buffer overflow , but instead had to pick it out from the rest . If the patches had been issued separately , as they were discovered , this never would have happened . Nobody 's perfect , and I 've flubbed a few patches myself , but that 's exactly why you do n't combine them . If the libssl patch had been released at the beginning of July , the regression would have been discovered and a correct fix hammered out long before the buffer overflow was discovered .
months 2-5
I 'm sorry to make it all sound so tame , but avoiding excitement is all part of the plan . The first 30 days were all about revolution . Now we 've switched into evolution mode .
portable
I personally do not work on the portable version , but I have kept my eye on it . A few notes on that . First , you 'll be happy to know that libressl portable should work on all BSD systems . It works on some other systems , too , but enough about them . Most of the extensioned interfaces in OpenBSD are already shared with other BSDs . You should n't even need the portable build system , if you do n't like it . The simple BSD makefile build system from OpenBSD will probably suit you better .
That 's the good news . The bad news , for now , is that libressl uses the arc4random function to generate random numbers . Theo has a talk coming up all about that , but it 's enough for me to say that the arc4random implementations in FreeBSD and NetBSD are n't quite state of the art anymore . I know there are some patches to update FreeBSD at least , but they 've stalled out . You 're going to want to pick that work up .
We 're currently still targeting posix platforms . Windows support is n't out of the question .
ressl
Joel and I have been working on a replacement API for OpenSSL , appropriately entitled ressl . Reimagined SSL is how I think of it . Our goals are consistency and simplicity . In particular , we answer the question `` What would the user like to do ? '' and not `` What does the TLS protocol allow the user to do ? '' . You can make a secure connection to a server . You can host a secure server . You can read and write some data over that connection .
A few goals . First , no OpenSSL types or functions are exposed . In fact , not even any ressl internals are exposed . You should never need to contemplate X.509 or ASN.1 . Those are implementation details far beyond the level of caring of most developers or users . As a consequence of that , the API is easy for other languges to bind to . The ressl interface could almost equally well describe transport over ssh tunnels . What do you want ? Do you want a secure connection ? We give you a secure connection .
Perhaps more importantly , it allows the implementation to evolve and change . It 's not actually tied to LibreSSL . The libressl library will work with OpenSSL , and can be adapted to use other implementations as well . Previous efforts at replacing OpenSSL usually ended up with compat shims that replicated the OpenSSL API . But that 's terrible . If we 're going to have a universal API , it needs to be a good one . And it needs to be sufficiently abstract so that others are welcome to the party . Clearly , we 've made a claim that LibreSSL is , or at least can be , the best quality TLS stack you can get . But I think the ecosystem benefits by breaking the monoculture .
The ressl API does provide one noteworthy feature . Hostname verification . In order to make a secure TLS connection , you must do two things . Validate the certificate and its trust chain . Then verify that the hostname in the cert matches the hostname you 've connected to . Lots of people do n't do the latter because OpenSSL does n't do that latter . You have to do it yourself , which requires knowing about things like CommonNames and SubjectAltNames . The good news is that popular bindings for languages like python and ruby include a function to verify the hostname . The bad news is if you pick a python or ruby project at random , they probably forget to do it . Another funny fact is that since everybody has to write this code themselves , everybody does it a little bit differently . Especially regarding handling of wildcard certificates and everybody 's favorite , embedded nul bytes . Hostname verification is on by default in ressl , and the API is designed so that you always provide a hostname ; there 's no way to accidentally call the function that does n't do verification .
We have the advantage that we can evolve the client and server APIs in sync with at least two test programs , the OpenBSD ftp client and httpd . We 're not nearly ready to call for third party support ; that 's probably a few months away .
QA
A : The code is in cvs and can be discussed on the tech @ mailing list .
In October , Marvel Comics sent out a postcard that seemed to be teasing Marvel Civil War II . The postcard showed Iron Man swinging back for a punch while trying to pull away Captain America 's shield .
Now , Marvel Comics has confirmed to ComicBook.com that the series is coming , and the creative team is Brian Michael Bendis and David Marquez , who are currently the creative team on Invincible Iron Man since the series ' post-Secret Wars relaunch . The announcement was made in a calendar sent to retailers as a promotional item .
Despite the fact that it appears on the `` April 2016 '' page , the comic might not be launching then . They 're not announcing the start of the series at this time , but it would be fairly shocking for it to not at least start in May , when that little movie Captain America : Civil War hits theaters on May 6 , 2016 . If you look carefully , there 's a small `` May 2016 '' in the bottom right corner of the image we 've received from a retailer , but that appears to just be the next month in small form , common for calendars .
Regardless , we now know for a fact that Civil War II is coming , and Brian Michael Bendis and David Marquez are taking the reins . While it 's a successor to the original Civil War series , which saw Iron Man and Captain America falling on opposite sides of a political issue , whether superheroes should be forced to reveal their identities and register , there is at least one major change : Captain America is no longer a title held by Steve Rogers , with Sam Wilson now in the role . They 're likely to be fighting over something different , as well - as they will be in the film .
Club Statement – 22nd December 2016
Crystal Palace F.C . have today asked Alan Pardew to step down as Manager of the Club .
Club Chairman Steve Parish said , “ I would like to put on record our sincere gratitude for the tremendous service Alan has given us , both in their time here as Manager and previously as a player . Following a fantastic second half of 2014/15 , the 2015/16 season culminated in only narrowly missing out on winning the FA cup as well as securing our Premier League place for a record breaking fourth time . During their tenure Alan 's hard work and dedication were without question , they have improved so many areas of the Club and we wish them the very best for the future . ''
With games now coming thick and fast over the holiday period the Club are hoping to put someone in place as quickly as possible but have nothing to say about a replacement at this time .
A white Tesla Model 3 has been spotted cruising through Europe , first seen in Germany last week and again on the European route E6 just south of Oslo in Norway .
Though there 's been plenty of Model 3 being spotted in the U.S. over the last month as Tesla continues to work through early battery production challenges , it 's worth noting that the rare Model 3 sighting in Europe comes at least a half-year ahead of the company 's planned international production timeline . Tesla notes on its website for overseas buyers that production of left-hand drive Model 3 starts in the second half of 2018 . Right-hand drive units will begin in 2019 .
The recent Model 3 sighting in Europe follows another one made in September when a black Model 3 was spotted entering Tesla 's Service Center in Stuggart , Germany . Ulric Dabe posted the following photo of the vehicle .
It 's not clear if the Model 3s being spotted in Europe are company cars or US-based customer cars that once belonged to a Tesla employee , but the overseas sightings are nonetheless exciting to see . Volume of new Model 3 sightings can be perceived as a positive indicator that Tesla is smoothing out early production bottlenecks .
Tesla opened up its Model 3 Design Studio to select customers a week ahead of the US Thanksgiving holiday , inviting them to configure their vehicles and place an order through the company 's online configurator .
Looking at the vehicle identification tracker from the US National Highway Transportation Safety Association 's site and we can see that Tesla has also registered VINs nearing # 4000 , up from # 2639 for the Model 3 in less than a month . The average number of Model 3 VINs being incremented on a per-week basis is inline with the pace we saw in October . Though Tesla indicates that VINs do n't necessarily increase sequentially , and thus can not be a measure of production volume , the VIN numbers for Model 3 have continued to follow this sequence . One can speculate that Tesla is navigating the ramp portion of its production S-curve and on pace to reach volume production ramp by end of Q1 in 2018 , as CEO Elon Musk and team traverse the circles of hell .
We 've embedded a video by Jan Ove Furesund that shows a white Tesla Model 3 cruising through Norway .
Have you spotted a Model 3 in Europe ? Send us a DM @ Teslarati or email tips @ teslarati.com .
CLEVELAND , Ohio – One of Northeast Ohio 's most successful Realtors was sentenced Thursday to spend more than 10 years in a federal prison for their role in a mortgage fraud scheme .
A jury in April convicted Realtor Thomas France , 44 , of Strongsville , on conspiracy to commit bank fraud and four counts of bank fraud , aiding and abetting , involving a half-dozen luxury homes .
Expressing their remorse , France said the case has haunted them every day since their arrest , leaving them `` disheartened , ashamed and disgusted . '' They said they have sold more than 2,000 homes during their 20-year real estate career , and they average more than 60 transactions a year . But they denied they committed any crimes .
U.S. District Judge Donald Nugent rejected France 's claims , noting that the evidence at the trial proved otherwise .
`` In order for these schemes to reach success they needed a sophisticated Realtor like you , '' Nugent said . `` You were a leader and an organizer in all of this . ''
In addition to the 10-year prison sentence , Nugent ordered France to pay $ 3 million in restitution .
According to the charging documents , France worked with Joseph Beccia of Medina , the owner of Horizon Construction , a builder of luxury homes , and Joseph Jones , who brokered the sale of the homes using various shell companies .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark Bennett said France created a `` shell game '' with changing names and numbers , employing straw buyers to make the sophisticated scheme work .
Court documents described how France and the other defendants would re-list Beccia 's luxury homes at inflated rates , obtain fraudulent appraisals at inflated rates , and then find straw buyers to obtain loans for the elevated amounts .
None of the straw buyers ever intended to live in the homes or to make payments on the mortgages , the indictment alleges . The homes were foreclosed on and the banks incurred losses totaling about $ 3.3 million .
France `` was one of the driving forces in this mortgage fraud scheme , '' Bennett said .
Beccia , 63 , of Richfield , struck a plea deal with prosecutors , and testified against France . Nugent sentenced them today to two years in prison and $ 3 million in restitution .
Nugent also sentenced one of the straw buyers , Alex Blackmore , 49 , of the Bronx , New York , to one year in prison and $ 1.2 million restitution .
In court documents , France denied knowing the homebuyers would default on their mortgage loans . Had they continued to make their payments there would have been no loss , France said .
`` He 's a good person , judge , '' said defense attorney Dean Valore . `` He was not an overseer or a mastermind in this conspiracy . They played a minor role . ''
France suffers from manic depression and a thyroid disease , which may have affected their behavior in the crime , Valore said .
Nugent gave France credit for their good character and prior crime-free life . But they declined to reduce the sentence for the mental and physical health problems , both of which can be treated in prison , they said .
Coinbase is not a wallet
Brian Armstrong Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 25 , 2016
When we started Coinbase , we set out to build an easy-to-use bitcoin wallet . We figured a great feature to have in a bitcoin wallet would be the ability to convert your local currency into and out of bitcoin .
We were right . Since launching this feature we 've helped about 3 million people convert $ 3 billion worth of their local currency into and out of bitcoin . In fact , this feature became so successful that 80 % of all activity on Coinbase is people buying , selling , and storing bitcoin as an investment , and 20 % is people using it as a wallet for day-to-day spending .
We set out to build a bitcoin wallet , but it turns out we were building a retail exchange .
Confusion in the marketplace
I think this hybrid wallet/exchange has created a bit of confusion in the marketplace . People want different things in the two products .
People use wallets for day-to-day spending of bitcoin . People want low friction signup and transactions . They want to use all sorts of innovative apps that are emerging in bitcoin . Often they want privacy . And the way you 'd measure success in a wallet is probably by the number of transactions sent per day .
In a retail exchange , people want an easy way to convert their government backed currency into and out of bitcoin . This requires building relationships with banks and regulators in many countries , and is a highly regulated business . All third party apps must pass a stringent review process . Customers are more tolerant of high friction on-boarding ( since it is the norm with financial services ) and less privacy . And the way you 'd measure success is probably trading volume .
Wallets and exchanges also have a few things in common ; for example , both require the ability to send and receive bitcoin . Another shared requirement is the ability to store bitcoin securely . Coinbase has found strong product/market fit in this area as well . We 're now storing about 10 % of all bitcoin in circulation ( including both multi-sig vaults where the customer controls the funds and in our cold storage where Coinbase controls the funds ) . This choice we provided customers blurred the lines between how wallets and exchanges normally operate , and has been very successful as a secure storage product . To the extent security is a top requirement , people may continue to use Coinbase regardless of how they mentally categorize the product .
I think it 's important to have both wallets and exchanges in the ecosystem .
Without an exchange , people ca n't easily get their money into and out of bitcoin . Exchanges are the equivalent of ISPs at the start of the internet — they provide connectivity which enables the network to grow .
Without a wallet , people ca n't really start to use bitcoin in global , low friction , novel ways . Wallets are the sandbox where the most innovative apps will emerge . They are perhaps the web browsers of the internet analogy .
Unbundling
So what happens when a customer thinks they are using a wallet , but in reality they are using a regulated exchange ?
Frustration abounds . You start to see complaints about accounts being shut down , transaction monitoring , and identity verification ( all the same complaints you might hear about other financial institutions ) . These controls are all required to successfully operate an exchange business with convenient funding mechanisms . But they are not necessary for an open source wallet where the user is in full control of the funds ; in this case neither the software developer nor the user is regulated like a bank .
My theory is that you 'll see a further unbundling of bitcoin wallets and exchanges in the coming years . This trend will be less about privacy , and more about where the most innovative apps emerge first . Exchanges are a foundational piece of infrastructure for the bitcoin ecosystem — they are the on/off ramps or the bridge between finance 1.0 and 2.0 ( and will probably continue to make the most money in bitcoin for at least the next five years ) . But the wallets are where the new apps will emerge that will drive a good amount of usage . Today bitcoin is 80 % people buying/selling as an investment and 20 % usage . I think in five years those numbers could be inverted .
What does this mean for Coinbase ?
Over the next year or so , you 'll see the Coinbase brand shift from being a hybrid wallet/exchange to focusing on purely being a retail and institutional exchange . It will take some time to update , but the transition will happen .
My belief is that each product ( and brand , to some extent ) can only be known for one thing . Great products do n't try to be all things to all people — they double down on what they do best . Coinbase is # 1 in market share in the U.S. as a retail exchange and institutional exchange . And having launched in 32 countries , we are leading or gaining in many of those markets as well . We also power many of the largest merchants and PSPs who want to accept bitcoin through our API ( since these all require exchange capability ) . Our goal is to be the leading global brand for helping people convert digital currency into and out of their local currency .
And with this business generating a strong revenue stream , I think we 'll be able to participate in several other markets by building or buying other companies .
I also think a large number of people will continue to use Coinbase as a wallet ( we have the # 1 wallet on iOS and # 2 on Android for example ) and that is perfectly ok , even if it is n't our focus .
Conclusion
I feel like a lot of confusion and anger has been voiced by customers who thought they were using us as a wallet , and did n't realize they were using a ( regulated ) exchange . I want to make it clear going forward that Coinbase will focus on being an exchange . This means :
We will add as many payment methods as possible to make it convenient for people to get their money into and out of digital currency all over the world . I think this will be an incredible force for good in the digital currency space to help it grow . We will continue to be a regulated business and proactively work with governments , banks , and regulators around the world to educate them about digital currency . We will continue to comply with financial services laws and our customers should expect as much . You will not be anonymous if you decide to use Coinbase .
Our goal is to be clear about what customers should expect so they can make an informed choice whether to use us or not .
I 'm looking forward to seeing how digital currency grows over the coming years . The world is moving toward having an open financial system ( in the same way the internet created an open system for publishing data ) and I 'm glad that Coinbase can play a part in making that happen .
Finally , we have an awesome team helping bitcoin grow in a variety of ways . We 're hiring engineers ( both remote who can work anywhere in the world , and in the San Francisco Bay Area who can work in our office ) . If you 're interested in speaking with us about a role we 've set up a coding challenge that you can take in about 30–45 minutes to show us your skills . You can also apply through our careers site if you prefer to start the conversation that way . Thank you .
In Seattle , nearly every city neighborhood had an increased concentration of gay and lesbian residents from 2000 to 2012 , except for the Capitol Hill gayborhood , which saw a 23 percent decrease .
Mr. Criscitello said gay residents there were priced out and outnumbered as thousands of new housing units were built in response to the booming local tech economy . New residents tend to be “ heavily straight and heavily male , ” Mr. Criscitello said , and able to pay higher rents .
“ It would be naïve for us to presume that gay neighborhoods were somehow protected from the tides of change that affect all other neighborhoods in all other cities , ” Mr. Ghaziani said in an interview . “ They 're not . ”
But as many longtime gayborhoods change , others are emerging or growing . Mr. Jones said Palm Springs , Calif. , had transformed in recent decades into a popular retirement community with housing less expensive than in San Francisco .
In Chicago 's Boystown , gentrification has replaced some gay-centric retail stores with more mainstream offerings . But in the neighborhood of Andersonville , a few miles north , the number of gay bars and businesses has increased in recent years . And just outside the city , the Village of Oak Park has become a destination for same-sex couples with children , a type of gayborhood few would have imagined in years past .
Efforts are also being made in places not well known for tolerance of gay men and lesbians . The group LGBT Detroit has established a new community center in the city 's Murray Hill neighborhood . “ We 're in the business of changing some hearts and minds , ” said Curtis Lipscomb , the group 's executive director , noting that people should not have to run off to San Francisco or New York City to be gay . “ You should n't leave family to be free , ” they said .
In Providence , R.I. , a section of the city 's downtown is strewed with rainbow banners on utility poles , advertising its gayborhood of bars and cafes . Plans are also in the works for an L.G.B.T.Q . community center .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi expects two victories from the battle underway in Falluja , an Islamic States stronghold near Baghdad . The first is over IS , the second over political rivals , including some backed by Iran .
Iraq 's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi speaks with Iraqi officers during their visit on the outskirts of Falluja , June 8 , 2016 . Iraqi Prime Minister Office/Handout via REUTERS
Retaking Falluja before parliament returns from Ramadan in mid-July would enable Abadi to consolidate their leadership , allies and political analysts said .
It would also clear the path for the Iraqi army to march on the northern city of Mosul , with a view to capturing Islamic State 's Iraqi ‘ capital ' this year .
A prolonged battle for Falluja on the other hand would erode Abadi 's ability to end a political crisis over measures to fight graft . This would open the way for rivals to challenge their rule - and delay the U.S-backed campaign to defeat Islamic State .
“ The stakes are high for the prime minister and for the campaign on Daesh ( Islamic State ) , ” said Baghdad-based security analyst Hisham al-Hashimi .
“ There is an undeclared deadline by which they need to finish with Falluja , and that 's when parliament reconvenes , ” said Hashimi , the author of the book “ The World of Daesh . ”
Their assessment was shared by a senior government official who spoke to Reuters in Baghdad .
The battle that Abadi started in Falluja on May 23 has allowed them to shift the focus domestically away from a crisis that unfolded when they failed to push through a cabinet reshuffle they sought as part of their drive to fight corruption .
Abadi , a moderate Shi'ite politician , was elected two years ago on promises to curb corruption , defeat IS and to mend a rift with the Sunni minority .
Demonstrations held in support of their reforms by followers of Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr turned violent . Since April , protesters have twice stormed the Green Zone district that houses government offices , parliament and embassies .
“ Instead of fighting in the Green Zone , they ( Abadi ) chose to fight in Falluja , ” said Hassan Hassan , the author of the book “ ISIS : inside the Army of Terror ” .
Related Coverage Islamic State video shows Assyrian temple blown up in Iraq
CROSS HEAD
The fear , Hassan said , is that a stalled battle in Falluja will undermine the battle for Mosul or take a sectarian turn with the involvement of Shi'ite militias .
The collapse of the Iraqi army when IS pushed into Mosul in June 2014 left Abadi reliant for ground troops on Shi'ite militias , known as Hashid Shaabi , or Popular Mobilization . These were trained and influenced by Iran .
But as the army has gained strength over the past year , it has led offensives on the insurgents , recapturing Ramadi , the capital of Sunni Anbar province , west of Baghdad .
Shi'ite militias resent seeing their role diminished .
The government official said the battle inside the city of Falluja had been assigned to elite army units , with Sunni tribal fighters following behind to hold the ground .
The Hashid , they said , should stay on the outskirts enforcing the encirclement and as back up .
Abadi has been keen to defuse sectarian tension as Sunni politicians have voiced alarm that the Shi'ite militias would seek to settle scores with the population of the city .
They have pledged to punish those who commit “ violations ” against civilians . They said the offensive had slowed down to protect those who remained in the city , estimated by the United Nations at 90,000 .
The United Nations said on Tuesday said there were “ extremely distressing , credible reports ” of men and boys executed and abused after fleeing Falluja into territory controlled by government forces and their Shi'ite militia allies .
People who managed to escape said they lived on stale dates for months as they could no longer afford to buy supplies under insurgent control . Between 500 and 700 fighters are in Falluja , according to a U.S. military estimate . The Shi'ite militias say their number is closer to 2,500 .
Iraq 's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ( front 2nd L ) walks during their visit to an Iraqi army base in Camp Tariq near Falluja , Iraq , June 1 , 2016 . REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani .
Abadi is trying to stay the course in their policy of building bridges with Iraq 's Sunnis and Sunni Arab neighboring states . They are trying to distance Baghad from the struggle for regional supremacy between Shi'ite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia .
After Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani , the commander of the Quds Brigade , showed up near Falluja visiting Iraqi allies , for example , Abadi sent ministers on a tour of Arab nations to allay their concern .
Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari , a Shi'ite , visited Cairo and Amman with a senior Iraqi Sunni cleric , Abdul Latif Humayim , in a show of national unity .
Michael Essien : Hoping for a full pre-season with Chelsea this year
Chelsea midfielder Michael Essien is hoping to complete a full pre-season with the Blues to ensure they are in the best possible shape for the new campaign .
The Ghana international missed the first half of last season after picking up a cruciate ligament injury in the first week of training last July .
It struck a particularly cruel blow given Essien had previously spent lengthy stints on the sidelines with two serious knee injuries .
The 29-year-old returned in January but struggled to win back a regular place in the first team , playing a bit-part in Chelsea 's victorious UEFA Champions League campaign .
Despite last season 's disappointment , Essien is feeling positive as they prepare to travel with Roberto Di Matteo 's squad to the United States .
The midfielder feels getting a full pre-season under their belt will put them in good stead for when the new campaign gets underway .
`` It is hard during the season if you miss pre-season , '' they told Chelsea 's official website .
`` And so it is good to start and hopefully finish the whole pre-season . So I am looking forward to that and we will see what happens .
`` So far so good and I am looking forward to the season . ''
Departures
Essien admits they will miss their good friends and fellow Africans Didier Drogba and Salomon Kalou this season after the players departed Stamford Bridge for Shanghai Shenhua and Lille respectively .
But the midfielder believes winning the Champions League marked the perfect goodbye for the duo .
They added : `` I will miss them but that is the game , it is part of our job and we have to deal with it . I wish them the very best of luck and we still keep in touch .
`` It was a very good way for them to say goodbye to the club , playing the Champions League Final because we have been looking for that trophy for a long time . ''
The “ Safety Net ” initiative aims to map the best opportunities for conservation and ecosystem restoration globally .
That means incorporating data on variables ranging from species richness to climate trends to deforestation rates for every point on Earth 's surface .
That task is being taken up by a consortium of groups led by RESOLVE , a Washington , D.C.-based nonprofit .
In this interview , RESOLVE 's chief scientist Eric Dinerstein talks about the Safety Net project .
Yesterday The Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation unveiled an ambitious plan to protect and connect 50 percent of the world 's land area as part of a broader effort to curb global warming , stave off the global extinction crisis , and ensure food availability for the planet 's growing human population .
The first step of the “ Safety Net ” initiative is to identify the best opportunities to protect and restore ecosystems that underpin human well-being and sustain healthy wildlife populations . That means incorporating data on variables ranging from species richness to climate trends to deforestation rates for every point on Earth 's surface .
That task is being taken up by a consortium of groups led by RESOLVE , a Washington , D.C.-based nonprofit ; Globaïa , a Canadian data visualization group ; and Brazil 's Universidade Federal de Viçosa . Heading up the terrestrial mapping is Eric Dinerstein , a biologist who formerly served as chief scientist for WWF and now has the same role at RESOLVE .
Dinerstein answered questions about the Safety Net Map during a November 7 , 2017 interview with Mongabay.com .
AN INTERVIEW WITH ERIK DINERSTEIN
What is the “ safety net ” ?
Simply put , it 's a vision of the Earth in 2050 that provides enough arable land to feed 9.5 billion people while still allowing enough land for global conservation efforts to keep our biosphere alive and healthy . Scientists are calling for 50 % of the land area of Earth to be protected in an interconnected way and 50 % of the seas , too . As it turns out , reaching this target by 2050 is not only essential to solve the extinction crisis but it is also a vital piece to solving the climate crisis . Forests , wetlands , the oceans , and the permafrost layer need to be protected to absorb greenhouse gases or to not release any more dangerous emissions , all as part of any realistic chance of staying below the tipping point of a 2°C rise in temperature . The Safety Net is the first global effort to harmonize development with environmental protection . By 2050 , we want a thriving , living biosphere and that wo n't happen unless we align the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) with conservation .
How are you prioritizing the best opportunities in terms of geographies and ecosystems ?
We included many global mapping efforts to identify the most important reservoirs of nature . These data sets range in scale from areas with the most endangered vertebrates , known only from a single population—termed the Alliance for Zero Extinction sites , about 600 in total globally—to large landscapes that still harbor intact assemblages of large vertebrates—a rare feature today . An underlying biological principle that underpins our mapping effort is the recognition that most species on Earth are rare—by that we mean have a narrow geographic range , live at low population densities , or both . So the Safety Net has to account for all of them , too . Then at a higher spatial level , we need to conserve all of the rare habitats and ecosystems . For example , taken together , the 40 Mediterranean-climate ecoregions on Earth ( out of a global total of 846 ecoregions ) squeeze about 20 % of the world 's 250,000 vascular plant species into a relatively small land area . Other rare habitats that cover limited geographic areas but contain a disproportionate number of unique species , physiological adaptations , or rare phenomena —tropical montane grasslands ( called paramo in Latin America ) , temperate rain forests , tropical dry forests—our mapping effort highlights them , too .
One of the scientific advances of the Global Safety Net , I believe , is that we answer for the first time , what it would take to create corridors or linkages connecting every protected area on Earth and other important areas not yet protected . The corridors are a key feature of the mapping effort . The advantage of undertaking this analysis in the era of cloud computing is that we can re-examine some of our methods for designing corridors virtually on the fly and we can also make changes as better , regional data comes online to replace our estimation . For example , those scientists who follow grizzly bears for a living may choose more feasible corridors than we have selected . That 's great ! We 'll update the Safety Net when the papers on bear-friendly corridors are peer-reviewed . The GIS-based method we use to connect the world 's reserves was the same technique we used to design corridors for tiger dispersal in the Terai Arc Landscape of Nepal and India . The efficacy of this corridor design , published years ago , has been corroborated by field biologists who install tiger camera-traps for a living . So we think we are on the right track .
The Safety Net is extremely ambitious from a data standpoint . Could you elaborate on how technology is being employed in this effort ?
I think you hear this refrain frequently from any global analysis and visualization based on Big Data . In the old days , say six years ago , this type of study would have been impossible or taken a single laptop working away since the days of the Magna Carta to the present day to run the whole thing . But the processing power offered by super-computing , massive data storage , higher resolution satellite imagery , and the emergence of computational science has been invaluable . And we are just getting started , adding new data layers monthly and replacing “ older ” more coarse data with higher resolution , more recent data sets . But without visionary scientists contributing their insights to create the essential data layers on land use , biodiversity , deforestation , and other critical data streams , the visualizations would not mean much , or worse , be highly misleading . This has been a team effort and the team will grow larger in the months ahead as we bring marine conservation into the Safety Net .
What is Resolve 's role supporting in the “ safety net ” ?
We have been the lead biological consultants on the project from the outset which for me is one of the greatest honors of my professional life . We have drawn on an exceptional team of conservation biologists who pioneered a lot of important data analyses we are using . And we have added to our roster some of the world 's greatest environmental scientists who will be working closely with us like Dr. Greg Asner from the Carnegie Institution , and Dr. Reed Noss , who many in our field , like me , regard as the father of modern day conservation biology . The marine scientists who will be joining us are among the world 's most renowned . I am humbled to be working with them and learn something new every day . Combine that with top computational experts at Globaïa , who create the breathtaking visualizations that make the data come alive and our planet an orb to treasure . Expertly guiding us are the top strategists at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation , the most visionary people I have worked with in my years in conservation .
What sort of resources is needed to realize the 50 percent target and where do you envision those funds coming from ?
Much less than people realize . In a paper we published this year in Bioscience on an ecoregion-based approach to protect 50 % of the terrestrial realm ( and reprised in the Sept 29 issue of the journal Nature by James Watson and Oscar Venter ) , we quoted an estimate of about $ 8-80 billion/year to achieve the protection goals for the terrestrial realm and $ 5-19 billion/year for marine . While there is some bit of range in these numbers , even at the high end , it is well within our budget if we value a functioning biosphere . Global expenditures for conservation currently are about $ 10 billion by governments and non-profits , and foundations , but the allocation is highly skewed . Not enough funds are going to where they are needed most in the tropical countries . Some conservationists haul out the refrain for the cost of a few B-1 bombers a year how we could afford to protect nature . I think a better example is the billions in subsidies for the fossil fuel industries – a recent analysis puts it at $ 5 trillion in 2015 alone . So if even a fraction of that amount was re-directed by governments from industries contributing to global warming to conservation that prevents warming , the Safety Net would be paid for yielding enormous dividends for a sustainable biosphere . There are high net worth individuals who could really make a huge difference and become household names for their catalytic philanthropy . Finally , when you think that Americans spend each year as much as we might need to conserve the safety net on pet food and grooming , why not value the wild relatives of our beloved pets and their habitats just as much and finance their conservation ?
Will the safety net be enough to sustain healthy and productive ecosystems , while thwarting the sixth great extinction ?
We believe so . Another apt metaphor linked to the global Safety Net is that it offers us a set of guard rails . Everyone who drives a car or rides a bike understands the concept of guard rails . You stay between them , you stay on the road , you keep from shooting off the cliff . So we are attempting to map a future in 2050 where , if implemented in full , would keep us between the two most important guard rails of the future—cultivating enough arable land to properly feed 9.5 billion people on one side , and on the other , leaving enough room for nature without suffering a mass extinction event . All species have to live somewhere and we feel the Safety Net , at least for the land , captures the critical areas .
And we have only just begun this effort . We intend to add the marine component in a tandem effort with top marine scientists , more analysis on concordance with important freshwater biodiversity , and the tropical forests that will likely be important climatic refuges if a drying trend occurs . We will also test the version 1 of the Safety Net against the best conservation plans developed for a subset of the world 's most important ecoregions . But remember , for about 550 of the world 's terrestrial ecoregions , there is no conservation plan at all . Overlaying these ecoregions lacking such plans with the current safety net is at least a skeletal approach of where to start now while we add more flash on the bones of these plans . Hopefully , the appearance of the Safety Net catalyzes renewed efforts . It 's a good place to start to avoid further losses and to protect right away .
Disclosure : Mongabay receives general operating support from the Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation .
Assets
With Counterparty , users can create their own assets ( also known as “ tokens ” , “ coins ” or “ currencies ” ) inside the Bitcoin blockchain . These are seperate from Bitcoin the currency itself , but exist entirely inside ordinary Bitcoin transactions . Tokens can be received , stored , and sent from any Bitcoin address to any other . They can also be placed in cold storage . Unlike Colored Coins , Counterparty tokens are not tied to the BTC balance of any given address . This means that sending/receiving bitcoins has no effect on the balance of tokens .
Among other features , Counterparty adds the ability create , send , trade , and pay distributions on assets , in a fully decentralized and trustless manner . While Counterparty has its own internal currency ( XCP ) , trading and creating assets does not require anything apart from regular Bitcoin transaction fees .
Many of the features described below can be accessed using the Web-based Counterwallet . Especially casual users and those without a counterparty-cli setup can benefit from the convenience of Counterwallet .
Creating assets
Counterparty allows users to issue assets . An asset that is created within the Counterparty protocol is often called a user-created token . User-created tokens are just as real as XCP or even BTC . With the asset issuance function , every user has the ability to create a new currency project inside the Bitcoin and Counterparty ecosystem .
You can create two different types of assets :
Named : A unique string of 4 to 12 uppercase Latin characters ( inclusive ) not beginning with ‘ A ' . Alphabetic tokens carry a one‐time issuance fee of 0.5 XCP to discourage spam and squatting . This fee is burned ( permanently taken out of circulation ) . BTC and XCP are the only three‐character asset names . For more information , see the Assets section in the Counterparty specification . Numeric ( Free ) : An integer between 26^12 + 1 and 256^8 ( inclusive ) , prefixed with A . Numeric assets only require one Bitcoin transaction fee to be created .
The different kinds of assets
The most basic kind of asset must specify :
who is issuing it ( source )
) the name of the asset ( asset )
) how much of asset is being issued ( quantity )
is being issued ( ) a description of asset ( description )
It is possible to issue more of asset , but , at any one time , there can only be one address which issues asset . With that said , the Counterparty protocol allows source to transfer issuance rights of asset . Moreover , an asset can also be locked , so that there can be no further issuances of it . ( See the examples for instructions on how to do this with counterparty-cli ) . A description must always be included , even if description is just an empty string ; the syntax of an asset with no description is description= '' '' .
Beyond creating the most basic asset , it is also possible to make assets either divisible or callable . If an asset is made divisible ( or callable ) upon its initial issuance , it must always be divisible ( or callable ) with every issuance thereafter . A divisible user-created asset is , like , Bitcoin and XCP , divisible up to 8 decimal places . A callable asset is an asset which the issuer can call back ( i.e . repurchase ) from its owners at a date ( call-date ) and for a price ( call-price ) specified at the initial issuance .
Sending assets ( send )
To send an asset in Counterparty , one must specify :
who is sending the asset ( source )
) what asset source is sending ( asset )
is sending ( ) how much of asset source is sending ( quantity )
is sending ( ) to whom source is sending quantity of asset ( destination )
Paying distributions on assets
It is possible to distribute funds proportionally among asset holders using the distribution function . This feature is also also known as dividend payments , depending on their desired purpose . Distributions are paid in in any distribution_asset to everyone who holds the asset in proportion to how many units they hold ; specifically : Let total equal the total distribution paid out , and quantity be the total amount of asset , then : quantity-per-unit = total/quantity
Distributions can be paid out to any assets that you ownership and control over . You can freely select the currency in which distributions are to be paid out : BTC , XCP , or any other user-created asset .
Trading on the decentralized exchange
Counterparty supports peer-to-peer asset exchange : users can trade assets with no middleman and no counterparty risk . The platform upon which trading is done is Counterparty 's decentralized exchange and the Bitcoin blockchain . In what follows trading on the decentralized exchange will be detailed and explained by means of examples . For the purposes of the following use-cases :
“ ordern ” denotes the nth order in time , give_asset n denotes the asset being given in the order , etc .
denotes the asset being given in the order , etc . Sally 's creates order1 and Alice creates order2
give_asset2 = get_asset1
Creating an order
At its most basic level , a trade on Counterparty 's decentralized exchange consists of two orders , which are matched by the protocol . When Sally is constructing their order , they must specify :
their address ( source 1 )
1 ) the asset they will give ( give_asset1 )
) the quantity of give_asset1 they will give ( give_quantity1 )
they will give ( ) the asset they will get ( get_asset )
) the quantity of get_asset1 they will get ( get_quantity )
they will get ( ) how long before their order expires ( expiration1 )
Protocol-based trustless escrow
The Counterparty protocol acts as an escrow service , and thereby eliminates counterparty risk from the exchange of assets . Once Sally publishes their order give_quantity1 of give_asset1 is debited from their address ; their address is debited before their order is matched with Alice 's , and so they can not spend those funds before expiration1 passes , i.e . until their order expires . In the meantime , Sally 's funds are not lost or borrowed , they are held by the protocol itself . If another order is placed which satisfies Sally 's order , the protocol matches them , and sends each counterparty its respective funds .
Automatic order matching on the Bitcoin blockchain
give_quantity1 / get_quantity1 is the “ ratio ” in which Sally will exchange give_asset1 for get_asset1 , and is denoted by ratio1 . In order for two orders to be matched , ratio1 must always be ' ‘ greater than or equal '' to the inverse of ratio2 , Thus , if , for example ratio2 ( give_quantity1 + 1 ) / get_quantity1 would be high enough ratio to match Sally 's bet , but if ratio2 = ( quantity2 - 1 ) / quantity2 it would not . Having been matched , the exchange is always made at ratio1 ` . Further , when when an order is matched , the exchange is always settled as much as it can be .
A straightforward case
Suppose that Alice places order2 before expiration 1 which matches order1 perfectly : give_quantity2 == get_quantity1 get_quantity2 == give_quantity1 . Once Alice has made them order , the protocol debits quantity2 of asset2 from their address , and , since their order satisfies Sally 's , Alice 's order funds are sent to Alice , and Sally 's order funds are sent to Alice . This completes the trade between Alice and Sally .
Matching an order : partially fulfilling an order
For the following example , let give_quantity1 = 10 and get_quantity1 = 20 , and that neither give_asset1 nor get_asset1 is BTC . Suppose that Alice wants to match Sally 's order , does not want all 10 of give_asset ; rather , they only wants 8 .
Since the ratio1 == 10/20 == 1/2 , Alice must ratio2 > = 2/1 , to match Sally 's order . In other words Alice must offer ‘ 'at least ' ‘ 16 of asset_2 to get 8 of asset_1 from Sally 's order . Let 's say Alice constructs order2 such that give_quantity2 == 18 and hence ratio2 = 18/8 > 2/1 . The order will be settled at ratio1 : for every unit of give_asset1 that Sally gives Alice , they will get two units of get_asset1 . Moreover , since every trade is settled as much and give_quantity2 == 18 Sally will receive ' ‘ 18 '' get_asset1 in exchange for 9 give_asset1 .
Trading BTC on the decentralized exchange
Suppose Sally makes an order to trade asset in exchange for BTC , and Alice makes an order to trade BTC in exchange for asset . Upon placing order1 , Sally 's account is immediately debited , as usual , and , once Alice has placed order2 , it is matched with order1 . However , their BTC is not debited from their account , and the protocol will not send them Sally 's XCP until Alice sends their BTC using Counterparty 's btcpay function . If Alice sends the BTC using btcpay in ‘ 'fewer than 10 blocks '' , the protocol will send them the XCP and thereby complete the transaction , otherwise , the trade expires , and the protocol will re-credit Sally 's address with give_asset . This feature is enabled on the CLI , and disabled on Counterwallet , due to incompatibility with the browser-based security model .
Use-cases
Below are just a few of the many uses of assets , feel free to propose new uses if you find them .
Betting
Counterparty turns the Bitcoin blockchain into a betting platform and prediction market . Oracles can create broadcasts of information , and users can then place bets on these broadcasts . Funds are escrowed automatically by the protocol , and benefit from being stored securely inside the Bitcoin blockchain . Funds placed on bets are being provably inaccessible until the bet is resolved or expires . Oracles can set a fee fraction to receive for their betting feeds , providing incentive to run their broadcasts .
Tickets & Coupons
Assets can be used as tickets to a music event , parking tickets , coupons , etc .
Token Controlled Access ( TCA )
Token Controlled Access is the idea of granting access to private forums , chatrooms , games , projects or other social media based on the ownership of tokens . Different types of tokens represent different types of membership , and holders of that token can register and/or view the restricted content . To invite new users , smaller fractions of these tokens can be transfered . If the token is indivisible and scarce , it will limit the amount of users others are able to invite . These tokens are also publicly tradable on the DEX and therefore can have a monetary value , and/or one proportional to other types of these tokens .
Proof of Publication
Using broadcasts , users can publish timestamped information onto the Bitcoin blockchain . This makes it possible to verifiy that something has been posted at a certain time , and it can not be deleted .
Crowdfunding
Counterparty assets can be used for crowdfunding . You can issue a certain amount of assets and sell these to start your project . Due to the high amount of trust involved , it is better to use a Counterparty-based crowdfunding platform which can perform due-diligence on your project . This will provide your users trust , and demonstrate the legitimacy of your project . There is nothing stopping you from doing this on your own , but users may rightfully be suspicious about your project .
Derivatives
You can back Counterparty assets with tangible goods , such as gold .
In-game Currency
To integrate your multiplayer game into the global economy , Counterparty assets can also be used as in-game currency .
Altcoin Migration
If you have an altcoin that seeks to fulfill a specific purpose , but do not wish to continue mining , you can migrate it to Counterparty with proof-of-burn .
Verifiable Voting
Counterparty supports voting through the use of user-created tokens . This means that you can post the terms and options of your vote as a broadcast , and let users vote on its outcome with full transparency by using tokens .
If you create a token ( EXAMPLE ) , you can create any other tokens ( such as EXAMPLEVOTE ) and pay distributions of EXAMPLEVOTE to all holders of EXAMPLE in one single action . Create a distribution payment and choose EXAMPLEVOTE as the currency to distribute . This way , all holders of EXAMPLE will receive EXAMPLEVOTE in the amount you specify .
Shoes from the Titanic
This photo , taken by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , shows a pair of shoes resting on the sea floor amidst the wreck of the Titanic . It 's a powerful image , on its own . But with the background information , it becomes downright tear jerking .
Note the position of those shoes . Now think about the position of your feet if you were to lie on the floor , on your side , with your ankles crossed . This is not a coincidence . On their blog , NPR 's Robert Krulwich quotes Titanic explorer Robert Ballard :
`` There used to be bodies in those shoes . The body parts deteriorated , and the skeletal remains decalcified . The only thing left are the shoes , and the leather is perfectly preserved . '' The tannin in the shoe leather had apparently resisted the bacteria .
Read the rest of Robert Krulwich 's post on shoes at sea , including information about the Titanic , as well as shoes spilled from lost shipping containers .
Hello again friends ! Here at my Pauper Flophouse of fun I bring you a variety of sweet Pauper decks and give them some quick and dirty brawls in the leagues . Hopefully showing off what the decks can do , having some sweet games and making suggestions on how to make things even better . Let 's go !
I 've talked a bit about Goblins before in the Flophouse but it 's not the only mono-red deck in town . Along with mono-Goblins and mono-Burn , we can also play the mono-2/2 deck .
In my opinion , this is one of the scariest decks to play against while on the draw . I 've certainly been on the receiving end of enough savage beatings by this deck to know how unbeatable some of their draws are , especially if your first land enters the battlefield tapped .
There are a few upsides to playing this deck over the other red decks :
– Unlike burn , this deck is able to beat pure lifegain . If the opponent does nothing but play lifegain lands , or board in cards like Nourish , your creatures are still there to deal more damage . Permanent sources of damage are also great against counterspells .
– Electrickery is not a good sideboard card against you . This does n't sound like much , but when so many decks have a handy sweeper against 1-toughness creatures , only having 6 things it can possibly kill is actually pretty great . I like it when my opponent 's sideboard options are limited .
– Playing a full squad of Goblin Heelcutter is excellent against decks that have Sorcery speed removal and/or individually large blockers . It 's basically the cheapest , biggest buyback burn spell all these low land count decks can afford .
Here is the decklist I battled with for this league . It is mostly stock , but as per usual I have a few cards in there that are different from the typical lists .
Reasons for the atypical cards are mentioned in the deck tech video , but in short :
Porcelain Legionnaire : Rakdos Shred-Freak is commonly played in the 2 drop slot as haste creatures 9-to-11 at that cost , but in my experience it mostly just seemed good while already winning . Being 1 toughness meant it kept failing to bash past Young Wolf or Flayer Husk Germs or whatever random 1/1 creatures were lying around . Porcelain Legionnaire does n't have haste but a 3/1 first striker attacks past Sea Gate Oracle and friends pretty well , meaning it 's better when you are n't able to goldfish the opponent .
Renegade Freighter : As is now mandatory in all cheap creature Pauper lists , I simply had to include ol ' Thomas here . Again , not hasty , but attacks for a ton , so I figured it had to be worth a try .
Searing Blaze : It 's just so efficient when you are in a creature match up . I wanted to play more , but sheer cowardice stopped me . It is a little awkward to play early , because you need to keep casting creatures in order to attack most of the time so I was happy to jam one in .
The League
That went alright . 3-2 , is n't too bad considering how close the match against Drake was , and losing to another red deck with more burn spells and Mogg War Marshal seems about right . I do have some thoughts on how I would build the deck moving forward however !
Fireblast might be worth cutting . I know , I know , it 's iconic , and very powerful . But in a deck with so many creatures that want to attrack , burn spells that are terrible at clearing out blockers are somewhat undesirable . I know ‘ no mana ' is less than 1 and ‘ 4 damage ' is greater than 3 but honestly I think I would have been happier with Chain Lightnings 3 and 4 most of the time .
The train is powerful but slightly clunky in this deck . Not triggering your 1 drops to let them attack is a big downside , and you ca n't play too many 3 drops . It 's kind of cute to evoke Inner-Flame Acolyte to crew the train and pump another creature , but not really important . I think 1 or 2 is fine ( especially if you see many Gurmag Anglers in your area ) but I feel like it 's better in other decks .
The burn match up consists of more or less 2 coin flips to determine who wins : the literal coin flip to determine who goes first , and whether or not you have a curve that lets you Bolt their Thermo-Alchemist or Keldon Marauder without slowing you down . Both decks will reliably kill each other on turn 4 , so going first is massive . The times where they fail to do that are when Bolts are cast on creatures . If you do n't kill Alchemist you will definitely lose , since it will deal 5 and probably gain 4-6 life by blocking .
The Sylvok Lifestaff in the board were uninspiring to me . They are n't actually good against burn since you ca n't reliably kill your own creatures , and Goblins can out-attrition ( and out-Lifestaff ! ) you . They are good in the literal RDW mirror , but that 's fairly rare , thus should probably be something more useful .
I feel like land destruction like Molten Rain would hedge a lot of bets in the sideboard department . LD is always best when accompanied by early pressure , and this deck can handle that . Raze might be better for this deck in particular since you need to keep casting creatures .
Mogg War Marshal is so good in attrition matches that I could also see playing a couple in the sideboard too , even with very few synergies with it in the rest of the deck .
Oxidda Golem is worth considering if opponents are regularly killing your 1 and 2 drops or playing Circle of Protection : Red out of sideboards in your area . It 's less flexible than the Acolyte , but it does attack for more if you need to hit them 3 or more times with it , which has certainly sometimes been the case for me with Inner-Flame .
Okay , that 's RDW . It 's not quite the 20 land/20 creatures/20 burn spells construction of classic RDW , but you got ta adapt to the one drops we have , you know ?
What decks do you want to see covered ? Whether known decks or spicy meatballs , let me know in the comments somewhere , anything can be fair game !
Stephen ‘ Jecht ' Murray , over and out .
Comments
Mamoru Samuragochi , a deaf composer of classical music and soundtracks for video games , had someone else write their pieces for more than 10 years , including their best-known score , “ Hiroshima Symphony , ” a lawyer representing them said Wednesday .
Samuragochi , 50 , dubbed a modern Beethoven by the media because of the deafness they share with the legendary 19th-century German composer , is also not the author of Sonatina for Violin , a piece that will accompany the short program performance of Japanese figure skater Daisuke Takahashi at the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , according to the lawyer , who wished to remain completely anonymous .
“ I 've been told that there are certain circumstances that make it hard for the person ( who composed the works ) to come out in public , and Samuragochi has come to describe themselves as the sole composer , ” the lawyer said .
Samuragochi is believed to have given their ideas and images for the work they wanted to that person , who then composed the work , according to the lawyer .
Samuragochi “ says it is totally inexcusable and they deeply regret ( what happened ) , ” the lawyer said . “ He is mentally distressed and not in a condition to properly express their own thoughts . ”
Nippon Columbia Co. , Samuragochi 's music label , will stop shipping their CDs or selling their pieces online .
Music publisher Tokyo Hustle Copy Inc. plans to cancel next Tuesday 's scheduled release of one of their musical scores .
An official with the organizer of their nationwide concert tour said : “ It is difficult to continue their tour . We will make a final decision after looking into all the facts. ” The tour , which started last June , was supposed run until April .
NHK apologized on a news program Wednesday for having featured Samuragochi several times without uncovering their deception .
Other commercial television stations , including Tokyo Broadcasting System and TV Asahi , also apologized Wednesday for identifying Samuragochi as the composer of past works .
According to Samuragochi 's official website and other sources , the Hiroshima native and son of atomic bomb survivors was taught the piano by their mother from age 4 and was playing Beethoven and Bach when they were 10 . They are described as a self-taught composer .
They attained fame for music they created for video games , including “ Biohazard ” ( “ Resident Evil ” ) and “ Onimusha. ” They struggled with migraines and hearing impediments of unknown cause from the age of 17 .
After losing their hearing completely at age 35 , they reportedly continued composing by relying on their absolute pitch .
“ Hiroshima Symphony , ” or Symphony No . 1 , which is purported to express Samuragochi 's thoughts about atomic bomb survivors , was performed at a commemorative concert for a conference of lower house speakers of parliament from the Group of Eight major economic powers held in Hiroshima in 2008 .
A CD of the performance that came out in 2011 was a major hit for a work of classical music , selling more than 100,000 copies .
Samuragochi was hailed as a modern Beethoven on TV and in newspapers .
Detroit Pistons president Joe Dumars answers questions July 16 , 2013 . ( Photo : Julian H. Gonzalez DFP )
Former Detroit Pistons president Joe Dumars is in the news today , and not for landing a new job .
Dumars apparently was fined a half-million dollar in 2010 for leaking NBA information to yahoo.com reporter Adrian Wojnarowski , according to a story on newrepublic.com . The whole thing seems pulled from a Hollywood script , with the NBA setting up a sting to determine the source of leaks by putting slightly different wording in memos to league general managers and then figuring out which wording was used by the media .
If true , the $ 500,000 fine would be one of the biggest in NBA history .
NewRepublic.com 's story also detailed a seemingly symbiotic relationship between Dumars and Wojnarowski .
Dumars ' tenure came to an end in April , when they were demoted to a ceremonial advisory role with no say in basketball operations . They are expected to remain in the role for two years .
Dumars did n't immediately respond today to a request for comment from the Free Press . The Pistons and the NBA declined to comment .
Vince Ellis and Drew Sharp contributed to this report .
Image by Carl Van Vechten , via Wikimedia Commons
One night in October of 1938 , listeners tuned into CBS radio to hear a piece of radio theater ( listen below ) so frightening and , for its time , realistic , that people across New England and eastern Canada fled their homes to escape danger . Or so the legend goes . With Orson Welles reading the part of an astronaut and professor , the Mercury Theatre on the Air 's broadcast of War of the Worlds hit a frayed nerve in the American public .
The show aired during the tense years leading up to World War II , when fascism was on the rise in Europe . Many took the “ news ” of an alien invasion for truth . It would have been easy to be fooled : the story , adapted from H.G . Wells ' early sci-fi novel , was written as simulated news broadcast . It opened with an introduction from the novel and a note that the adaptation was set a year ahead ( 1939 ) . For those who missed that disclaimer , the remainder of the show was unsettling to say the least .
A reporter read a weather report . Then came dance music played by a fictitious band ( “ Ramon Raquello and their Orchestra ” ) that was interrupted by news of bizarre explosions on the surface of Mars . Soon Orson Welles made their appearance , interviewed as an expert who denied the possibility of any life on the red planet . But then came the news of a cylindrical meteorite landing in northern New Jersey . A crowd gathered and a “ reporter ” came on the scene to watch the cylinder unscrew itself and reveal a rocketship inside .
Chaos ensued , followed by a Martian invasion of New York City , where people ran into the East River “ like rats . ”
Welles offered another disclaimer at the end of the story ( when the aliens succumbed to Earth 's pathogens ) to remind listeners that the broadcast was fiction .
Too little , too late ? Or just great theater ?
The next day , Welles held a brilliant news conference where they apologized for putting a fright into listeners . ( It 's another great piece of theater . ) Meanwhile the broadcast established the Mercury Theatre on the Air—already an acclaimed stage production company—as one of America 's top-rated radio programs . Until then the show had languished in relative obscurity . After sending thousands of people into a panic , the show earned advertising sponsorship from Campbell 's Soup .
Kate Rix writes about digital media and education . Follow them on Twitter .
Related Content :
Orson Welles Meets H.G . Wells in 1940 : The Legends Discuss War of the Worlds , Citizen Kane , and WWII
Aldous Huxley Reads Dramatized Version of Brave New World
Free : Isaac Asimov 's Epic Foundation Trilogy Dramatized in Classic Audio
Monday 's weather made for a new kind of winter wonderland — an unusually warm one , with temperatures climbing to record highs in parts of the Bay Area .
If you 're keeping a tally in the wake of the Grammys , three new records were set , according to the National Weather Service . In Oakland , the temperature reached 74 , a degree higher than the previous record , set in 1977 . New peaks also were reached in downtown San Francisco ( 77 degrees ) and San Rafael ( 80 degrees ) , while the peak of 75 at San Francisco International Airport tied the previous high , set last year .
In San Jose , the thermometer climbed to 76 , falling short of the all-time high of 80 that has stood since 1930 . It still felt like summer downtown in the Plaza de Cesar Chavez , where skateboarders , dog walkers and benchwarmers congregated . Raul Ramirez and Kristy Sung snuggled on a shady bench , guzzling large ice teas and admiring the parade of Labradoodles and golden retrievers , and even a towering Great Dane . “ We 're having a post-Valentine chill , ” said Ramirez , an office manager on the Peninsula .
Tanya Reisner , down from Oregon to visit friends in San Jose , watched their kids blow off steam by chasing their toy trucks — speedy things , remote-controlled — down one of the park 's walkways . “ They were getting antsy this morning , cooped up at our friends ' little apartment , ” Reisner said . “ My daughter said , ‘ Get me out of here ! ' Thank God for the sun . ”
Across the street , the downtown ice rink was being dismantled by workers ; it wo n't return until next winter .
The unseasonably warm weather has a number of causes , explained meteorologist Larry Smith . For one , it 's been clear and sunny . Without the cloud cover , the lower atmosphere warms up . Also , offshore winds are blowing from east to west , cutting off the ocean 's cooling influence . As those winds descend from the Sierras , they compress and warm the air below .
More warm weather is expected Tuesday , with the possibility of another round of record highs , though temperatures should fall Wednesday , with highs in the 60s as a storm system moves in . Rainfall is likely to begin late that afternoon or early evening . The storm is expected to be a modest one , however , bringing between 0.25 and 0.75 inches of precipitation . More showers are expected Thursday .
Despite all the high hopes brought on by El Niño , February has turned out to be a much drier month than many had anticipated . Even so , forecasters said there remains a good chance that seasonal averages for rain will yet be reached .
“ There 's still a strong El Niño happening , ” said forecaster Steve Anderson . Sea surface temperatures along the equator are about 2.5 degrees above normal , half a degree higher than the El Niño threshold .
In San Jose , just under 8.5 inches of rain have fallen since Oct. 1 ; the 9 inches that constitute normal “ certainly are doable , ” Anderson said . Likewise , they noted that San Francisco 's 14 inches during the same period is within shooting distance of the 16-inch average , while Oakland 's 10.5 inches is n't far from the average of 13 inches .
Contact Richard Scheinin at 408-920-5069 , read their stories at www.mercurynews.com/richard-scheinin and follow them at Twitter.com/RealEstateRag .
One of the ways that size-based oppression is created is by sizeists setting up an endless series of hoops for fat people to jump through in order to feel worthy . This typically takes the form of vague things we “ need ” to do , with ever-changing definitions , and at the end of this rainbow they tell us we 'll find a pot of decent treatment .
living our healthiest life eating salads in public good fatty/bad fatty dichotomy drugs amputation surgeries , contraptions Do we “ take care of ourselves , ” are we “ , ” are we trying to manipulate our body size , are we self-deprecating , are we cruel to other fat people , are we at least , are we buying into and perpetuating the , are we willing to risk our lives on dangerous , stomachandto not be fat ? They add intersectional oppression – ableism , ageism , healthism , racism , homophobia , transphobia and more , but always with the promise that if we just do all the “ right ” things , we 'll finally get to be treated with basic human respect .
Except that it 's a set-up , a no-win situation . Because the true goal is n't to create a process by which fat people can “ prove ” our worthiness ( which would still be total crap , the only qualification to be treated with basic human respect should be a pulse . ) No , the goal is to create a system where fat people can never be thought of as worthy – and are never supposed to be allowed to think of ourselves as worthy , as good , as good enough . And that 's total bullshit .
I 'm here to tell you : no matter what you eat , no matter what you wear , no matter how you look , no matter if you work out , no matter your current health , no matter your current dis/ability , no matter what size you are , no matter why you think you are that size , no matter if you can or ca n't change your size , no matter if you do or do n't want to change your size…
You Are Worthy .
You Are Worthy Right Now .
You Are Worthy No Matter What .
Anyone who is trying to tell you anything else is peddling hateful bigoted BS . They can sell all they want , but we do n't have to buy . You are worthy , right now , no matter what .
RUSH REGISTRATION IS OPEN FOR THE FAT ACTIVISM CONFERENCE !
Dances With Fat member Y'all I am so excited about this year 's speakers and topics ! And , if you register before 12:01am on June 24th you 'll get the best rate for a Platinum Pass , and special bonuses . ( If you 're a , check your e-mail for your member deal . )
This is a virtual conference so you can listen by phone or computer , and you 'll receive recordings and transcripts of each talk so that you can listen/read on your own schedule . The Conference will be held September 23-25 , 2016
Like this blog ? Here 's cooler stuff :
Like my work ? Want to help me keep doing it ? Become a Member ! For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism , help keep the blog ad free , and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you . Click here for details For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism , help keep the blog ad free , and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you .
Book and Dance Class Sale ! I 'm on a journey to complete an I 'm having a sale on all my books , DVDs , and digital downloads to help pay for it . You get books and dance classes , I get spandex clothes and bike parts . Everybody wins ! If you want , I 'm on a journey to complete an IRONMAN triathlon , andon all my books , DVDs , and digital downloads to help pay for it . You get books and dance classes , I get spandex clothes and bike parts . Everybody wins ! If you want , you can check it out here !
I 'm training for an IRONMAN ! You can follow my journey at www.IronFat.com
When their excitement of watching Barack Obama win the presidency began to fade and the reality of the local political machine — something they wanted to be a part of — had set in , Rachel Lauter and Matt Cowherd founded New Kings Democrats , the Brooklyn-based , grass-roots political organization .
Following the election in 2008 , the two had decided it was time to get involved at the community level . “ We were like , ‘ What do we do next ? How do we keep up this movement and excitement ? ' ” recalled Ms. Lauter .
They approached Vito J. Lopez , then the head of the Kings County Democratic Committee . After some back and forth , Mr. Lopez invited them to chat at their political club in Bushwick .
The meeting , recalled Ms. Lauter , was like something “ out of a movie . ”
“ It was dark and dingy and they had guys flanking him , and they were like , ‘ Do not do this , do not run for county committee , just volunteer and help me hand out turkeys at Thanksgiving or whatever , ' ” they said . When the pair pushed back , Ms. Lauter said , they “ vaguely threatened ” them , mentioning they knew the Bushwick loft they were living in was not legally residential . “ He was like , ‘ I know where you live . ' ”
The City of Vancouver 's efforts to obtain a court injunction against the protest occupation of the city 's art gallery property will have to wait until Wednesday .
The delay was granted in order to give Michael McCubbin , the newly retained lawyer for Occupy Vancouver , time to prepare their arguments .
Penny Ballem , Vancouver 's city manager , said Monday that city lawyers would ask the court to close down the 25-day-old camp .
Police move in on London , Ont. , protesters Police in London , Ont. , moved in on the local Occupy protesters ' encampment shortly before 1 a.m . ET on Wednesday , the CBC 's Kerry McKee reported . Mayor Joe Fontana and the city 's police chief had issued a warning to protesters there , calling on them to leave the city park by Tuesday evening . Fontana said if they did n't , they would be evicted . Two deadlines on Tuesday — at 6 p.m. and 10 p.m . ET — had originally passed without incident , with protesters saying they planned to form a human chain . It 's the first time authorities have attempted to evict protesters who have set up camp as part of the Occupy protests in Canada . - CBC News and The Canadian Press
`` We would like the court to give us an injunction to give us the full authority to actually take action , '' Ballem said .
`` The injunction gives us further authority to help them remove their belongings if they 're not willing to do it themselves . ''
Ballem also stressed that the city was not trying to shut down the protest , but to end the encampment .
Vancouver police Chief Jim Chu also said Tuesday that Occupy Vancouver protesters needed to pack up their encampment or face arrest .
Chu told reporters that a clash Monday night between police , firefighters and protesters proves it is no longer a peaceful exercise . They said protesters bent on violence have gone over the line .
`` Last night , this element fought with firefighters and police , sending two police officers to hospital with human bite wounds , '' Chu said .
`` Our officers received the full wrath of the protesters . In the scuffle , one officer had their ammunition clip stolen . This can no longer stand . ''
Chu said the once-peaceful protest has been infiltrated by dangerous people , creating a divide within the camp between militant and peaceful protesters .
They said police are still hoping for a peaceful end , but are prepared to move in and take down the encampment if the protesters refuse to leave .
Chu would not comment on when police might move in , how many officers would be deployed or whether they expected the situation to turn violent .
Notice given
On Monday , the city issued a formal notice asking protesters to remove their tents and belongings immediately , due to safety concerns .
[ IMAGEGALLERY galleryid=1403 size=small ]
The sudden urgency is linked to the death of 23-year-old Ashlie Gough , who was found dead inside a tent on Saturday .
There was also a near-fatal overdose last week , and the fire department said it was concerned that the encampment was becoming too dangerous for people to move around safely .
If the injunction is granted , city staff would have the go-ahead take the structures down .
Ballem said the protest has been peaceful , but Vancouver police officers will be present to protect city workers when the encampment is dismantled .
`` If any of my staff get threatened by someone who 's not interested in having their tent folded up nicely , they have to be protected . ''
The reaction from Occupy Vancouver residents varied . Some protesters said the only way the tents will come down is if the protesters are first taken away in handcuffs . Others said they 'd like to get a lawyer and challenge the city in court
Mayoral debate disrupted
Just hours after Ballem announced the city was seeking an injunction , protesters heckled two Vancouver mayoral candidates at a scheduled public debate just blocks from the encampment .
More than 1,000 people attended the at St. Andrew's-Wesley United Church to hear Gregor Robertson and Suzanne Anton debate around the topic of homelessness and affordable housing . Their suggestions were often booed . During the question period , speakers were cut off by others in the crowd .
With tensions running high , extra police officers were called in . Though no physical confrontations took place at the church , a conflict erupted a few hours later at the Occupy camp .
Police , protesters clash
A 20-minute video posted to YouTube shows a Vancouver Fire and Rescue Services crew being blocked from putting out a fire at the Occupy Vancouver camp — a fire that some at the site described as a sacred First Nations fire .
Occupy Vancouver protesters formed a protective circle around the fire , and police officers moved in to pull them apart .
What follows on the video is about 15 minutes of pushing , shouting and chanting .
A few of the activists were pushed to the ground by police officers , who left once the fire crew was finished .
Canadian camps confronted
At the Occupy Victoria camp Tuesday morning , police were preparing to arrest a man who allegedly threw urine on a city worker .
After the suspect climbed a tree in Centennial Square , police officers said they would wait until the man came down from their perch before attempting to take them into custody .
Meanwhile , the City of Victoria has said it will go to B.C . Supreme Court next Tuesday to seek an injunction allowing it to remove tents and other belongings at the Occupy camp .
Mayor Dean Fortin said the space in Centennial Square is needed to set up a temporary skating rink and to make repairs to the fountain .
One woman has managed to win internet fame , though not exactly in the way that they had hoped after being forced to abruptly end their live stream and rush themselves to the hospital after discovering that the plant they were eating was not what they thought it was .
To prepare for their live stream , the 26-year-old woman surnamed Zhang had bought two waxy green leaves that they thought were aloe vera , a plant purported to have various health benefits when eaten raw .
After taking their first bite , Zhang exclaims , “ This is great ! ” However , upon taking their second bite , they begin to realize that something is terribly wrong . “ Oh , that tastes bitter . Really bitter , ” they say to the camera .
It turns out that what Zhang was chomping down on was not aloe vera , but Agave Americana ( American aloe ) , a poisonous plant from Mexico that is very not edible . Zhang said that just one bite made their mouth go numb and their throat feel like it was on fire .
At the hospital , doctors found that Zhang had broken out into rashes and blisters and were forced to pump their stomach to remove parts of the poisonous plant and save their lives . They are reported to be in stable condition .
[ Images via Oriental Daily / h/t Asia One ]
A 20-year-old man , now wanted on a Canada-wide warrant , is facing a murder charge in connection with Saskatoon 's fourth homicide of 2016 .
Miguel Gomez , 20 , is wanted for second-degree murder after a 22-year-old was fatally stabbed Saturday in a parking lot fight at Assiniboine Drive and Warman Road . Gomez is described as 5-foot-9 and 185 pounds , with black hair and brown eyes . They have a small tattoo under each eye .
The 20-year-old is also charged with two counts of breaching probation .
“ Members of the public should not approach Gomez but instead , call law enforcement immediately , ” police said in a news release .
Police responded Saturday around 2:30 a.m. after a report of a fight breaking out and someone is stabbed . The 22-year-old was rushed into emergency surgery but died around 9:45 a.m. as a result of their injuries .
An 18-year-old man was also taken to hospital with injuries but soon released , according to police .
Investigators have determined that Gomez and the victim were not known to each other .
Yes , you read the title right . Also , the picture is relevant . All roads lead to Rome , and every Russian scandal eventually reaches back to Hillary Clinton . In this case it 's Paul Manafort , who is currently under investigation by Mueller for unregistered lobbying efforts for foreign groups . Now , this has been touted as the closest connection that the Mueller investigation has had to Trump by the media , with Manafort having been Trump 's former campaign manager . However , what if Manafort was n't actually working for Trump , and had ACTUALLY been working for Clinton all along ? In the referenced article , its already clear that Manafort is being investigated for their work going back over a decade , well before they were Trump 's campaign manager .
So what was Manafort doing before they were Trump 's campaign manager ? According to Tucker Carlson on Fox News , a source has come forwards stating that Manafort was working with the Podesta Group , the liberal lobbyists and one of the founders of which was Hillary Clinton 's campaign manager . This is the same group who is now being investigated by Mueller for the same Foreign Agents Registration Act violations as Manafort ! According to Fox News ' source , Manafort and the Podestas were DEEPLY involved in the bribery and influence peddling that was commonplace in Clinton 's State Department days .
But how does my theory take the leap from Clinton and Trumps ' campaign managers used to work together to Manafort was a mole and saboteur for Clinton ? Well , for one , it was already proven that Clinton and the DNC were trying to boost Trump and others in order to pull the Republican party as far to the right as possible . So , logically , what better way to make sure Trump seems as far to the right as possible as by having their campaign manager help do that for you ? In addition , Manafort was the one who approached Trump through longtime Trump associate Tom Barrack . It was said that Bernie Sanders was having to scrape the bottom of the barrel to put together a primary campaign staff when going against Hillary Clinton and the Democrat establishment ; Trump had 11 primary opponents not counting the five who dropped out before the primaries , many of whom were seasoned politicians . So how far was Trump having to scrape to put together a campaign team for the primaries ? Someone who had been a Republican operative since the 70 's approaching them through a mutual friend would have been a godsend .
Trump struggled early on after the primaries , until they finally got rid of Manafort . I say got rid of because while the article says Manafort quit , it 's been shown since Trump became president that they very much prefers to make people quit over firing them ; James Comey and Sally Yates remain the only notable people who have been publicly fired ( besides the usual firing of attorneys at the DoJ , standard operating procedure for new administrations ) ; everyone else has resigned . So , hypothetically , Trump forced Manafort out . Beyond the poor performance , did Trump discover Manafort was a plant ? Given how their campaign turned around after Manafort 's departure , is it possibly Manafort was acting as an internal saboteur ?
This is only a theory , of course , but given everything else that has come to light in recent days regarding the Clinton campaign and Hillary 's actions while Secretary of State in regards to Uranium One and the Pissgate Dossier , and the fact that Manafort is being investigated for work that would have occurred in conjunction with the Podesta Group ( and presumably has lead to the Podesta Group being investigated ) , it does n't seem that far fetched .
Advertisements
T-shirt design for 2K⁄GinghamThis item should actually be filed under ‘ 2K by Gingham 2001 ' , but because this design has become such a well-known piece , we decided to give it its own report.We designed the ‘ John & Paul & Ringo & George ' shirt in 2001 , for Japanese t-shirt label 2K/Gingham . Around that time , a lot of the prints we designed for 2K/Gingham were about the subject of t-shirt prints itself . We have always been interested in the concept of 'self-referentiality ' : the idea of graphic design that refers to itself , to its own context , or to the medium as a whole . ( Self-referentialiy is often seen as a post-modern property , which is something we simply disagree with ; it has always been our goal to put self-referentiality back in the modernist bloc ) .With 'John & Paul & Ringo & George ' , we wanted to design a t-shirt that would function as an archetypical 'band shirt ' ( in the same way that the 'Anti ' shirt , which we designed a year earlier , was meant to function as an archetypical 'slogan shirt ' ) .When we designed the shirt , our idea was to strip down the idea of a rock band to a list of four names , in an attempt to reach the 'essence ' of a group . In a way , the shirt is very much about abstraction : the process of translating figurative images into something less figurative . There 's also an iconoclastic streak running through the shirt : the idea of puncturing through the world of images , by using text.In short , we took the idea of the most archetypical band ever ( a band that has been a constant source of inspiration to us ) , and replaced the image with a simple list of names : The fact that we used an ampersand ( ' & ' ) after each name had a purely formal reason . When we put the four names under each other , without the ampersands , we thought the name 'George ' was sticking out too much , as this word was the longest . We solved this by putting the name 'George ' at the bottom on the list , and adding ampersands to all the other names . This way , the list of names looked more even . That 's how the ampersands were introduced in the design.The first version that we designed of this shirt ( the Ur-version , so to speak ) featured white letters on a black shirt . Since then , the shirt has been released in various colour combinations . The print has also appeared on bags , longsleeve shirts , sweaters , etc . ( all lovingly produced by 2K/Gingham ) . Our favourite version is just the basic t-shirt , in a black/yellow colour combination ( shown above ) .A few months after we designed the 'John & Paul & Ringo & George ' shirt , we decided to create two other versions of the shirt : 'Keith & Mick & Bill & Charlie & Brian ' and 'Joey & DeeDee & Johnny & Tommy'.What we tried to do with those two other shirts was to remove the focus from the idea of one specific band : we wanted to show that the 'John & Paul & Ringo & George ' shirt was not specifically about one particular band , but more about a certain method . By applying this method to two other bands , we wanted to make the underlying idea clearer : pop-cultural imagery 'abstracted ' through text.First of all , here 's the 'Keith & Mick & Bill & Charlie & Brian ' shirt : And secondly , here 's the 'Joey & DeeDee & Johnny & Tommy ' version : As we already wrote , we designed these shirts in 2001 . Around the beginning of 2003 , we noticed something interesting : in addition to these shirts being sold really well ( it was quite an unexpected success ) , people started sending us images of self-made shirts that were referring to our shirts , either as homage , tribute or parody . We documented this phenomenon elsewhere on this site ( See T-Shirtism , filed under 2005 ) .While we 're at it , we like to thank Yoshi Kawasaki ( from 2K/Gingham ) for the happy collaboration throughout the years . We have been designing t-shirts for 2K/Gingham since 1999 , and it has been a very pleasant journey.UPDATE : All these shirts used to be available through 2K/Gingham . However , when ( in 2008 ) Yoshi Kawasaki decided to leave the company ( following a change in management ) , we decided to leave with him , and withdrew our shirts from 2K . In other words , these shirts are currently unavailable . However , if everything goes according to plan , a selection of these shirts will be reprinted and released through Yoshi Kawasaki 's new label , Publik / Five Leaves Inc. , in 2009 . We 'll keep you updated.The image at the top of this page ( the photograph of the guy wearing the 'John & Paul & Ringo & George ' shirt ) is taken from 'Helvetica : Homage to a Typeface ' ( Lars Müller Publishers , 2002 ) .
Behavior
The Killer Bee Nest is found in a very large setpiece resembling the interior of The Nest , complete with pools of Killer Honey . Much like the Lost Sentry , it has a marker on the minimap but does not have a Quest Arrow . It is surrounded by a number of Nest Colonies that heal it at a rapid pace while spawning groups of Red , Blue or Yellow Nest Colony Guardians .
The Boss itself is stationary and fires oscillating streams of multicolored orbs . It also fires various colored bombs all around it that inflict a number of status effects .
Once it takes enough damage , it will call in all nearby Colony Guardians to orbit it tightly to defend itself , as well as changing the shot patterns of the Nest Colonies . Its shot types also change to dense 4-directional spreads of various shots , firing a single color per burst .
Once it takes more damage , the Nest spawns in 3 Beehemoths , which chase players down and become the new targets . The Nest itself is invulnerable during this time , firing radial bursts of Red , Yellow , or Blue Balls and lobbing colored bombs to support the Beehemoths ( if a Beehemoth is defeated , it stops firing that shot/bomb color ) .
While each Beehemoth has its own behavior patterns , they will all have behavior in common :
When all the Beehemoths are alive , they will chase down players . Once a Beehemoth is at about 40 % HP , it will trigger a rage phase where it will become much faster and more aggressive in exchange for permanently Armor-Breaking itself . In addition , the Beehemoths that are not in rage will begin firing additional bullets . All 3 Beehemoths can enter rage if allowed to , but only the one that entered rage first can be killed - if any of the others are brought to low enough HP , they will become invulnerable and retreat to the Nest while healing rapidly .
When 1 Beehemoth is killed , the other two will begin orbiting the Nest while firing . If one is brought below 40 % HP , it will enrage and cause both of them to start chasing again . The other Beehemoth will become permanently invulnerable .
Once 2 of the Beehemoths are killed , the remaining one will fly to the Killer Bee Nest and “ consume ” it , fully restoring its health and growing to a much larger size . The Nest will then explode into a ring of respectively-colored Hive Shots while the empowered Beehemoth attacks . The corpse of the Nest , now called the Destroyed Killer Bee Nest , will continue to fire rings of colored orbs : which color depends on which Beehemoth is still alive . When the last Beehemoth is at < 50 % health , it will begin firing spirals of respectively-colored orbs .
Once the last Beehemoth is dead , its corpse may generate a portal to The Nest .
Reproduction
Assisted by :
Nest Colony
Spawns :
Red Beehemoth
Blue Beehemoth
Yellow Beehemoth
Back to top
Drops
The Killer Bee Nest does not drop loot , the Beehemoths shown above will drop loot .
Back to top
Your favorite website may soon look a lot like an Android app . Google has announced Material Design Lite ( MDL ) , which brings its Material Design design guidelines to the Web using CSS , JavaScript and HTML .
Google says MDL is framework agnostic , and can be used with just about any front-end solution a web designer or developer might want to use . Gzipped , MDL 's code is under 27kb .
MDL uses Paper elements , which allows a developer to take pieces of Material Design to use if the entire code is n't complementary to their needs . You could , for instance , plug a MDL graph into an existing website without using other Material Design components .
For those interested in using MDL , Google is offering up buttons , text-fields , tooltips and spinners . There are also responsive grids and breakpoints that follow Material Design and adaptive UI guidelines . MDL works best on “ modern evergreen browsers ” like Chrome , Firefox , Opera , Microsoft Edge and Safari .
Google prefers developers to reference MDL via its content delivery network , but has the code up on GitHub for anyone who may want to fork it . MDL is spec compliant , but will continue to evolve as Google receives feedback ( or sees what others do with it ) .
➤ Introducing Material Design Lite [ Google ]
Read next : Facebook is testing Material Design on its Android app
Read next : Apple said to be co-designing packaging for third-party accessories sold in Apple Stores
As Kenya plans to construct its first coal-fired power plant , a group of 30 community-based organisations is fighting to halt the multibillion dollar project
Azure sky , clear sea and a busy seafront create the picturesque views of Lamu Old Town , the oldest and Swahili settlement in east Africa and an Unesco world heritage site .
In a few years however , the idyll might be disrupted by multi-billion dollar coal power project planned for nearby . “ There can be no doubt that a project of this scale and scope , in an area as remote and protected as Lamu , can not help but have profound negative impacts on the heritage , ” said a 2015 report on the area from Unesco 's World Heritage Committee .
The $ 2bn plant is set to be constructed at the small village of Kwasasi in Lamu county . It will be Kenya 's first coal-powered plant and add 985 MW to the grid in a country where , according to the World Bank , only 23 % of citizens have access to electricity .
However , the project has been opposed by community-based organisations . Save Lamu has been advocating to stop the plant 's construction . The group 's concerns regarding the plant include environmental and health hazards .
From the Nile to the Amazon , climate change threatens hydropower Read more
A 2014 Greenpeace report ( pdf ) on South Africa states that approximately 2,200 premature deaths occur yearly due to exposure to particulate matter from the country 's many coal-fired power plants . To better understand the effects of the coal plant , Save Lamu organised a trip to South Africa 's coalmines and power plants . Abubakar Mohamed , Save Lamu chair , said that what they saw was disheartening . “ In Mpumalanga the ground is bare , plants have dried up , ” said Abubakar .
Aboud Mohamed , community liaison officer for Amu Power , the company that won the tender for the construction of the plant , defended the project . “ At the beginning , it was hard for the locals to accept the [ coal ] project but we have slowly found acceptance because we are always with them in community functions and we are assisting them with small development projects , ” they said .
Raya Famao , a member of Save Lamu , said that the campaign 's message has been curtailed by Amu Power 's gifts to the people of Lamu . “ How can a company that is yet to start operations begin CSR ( corporate social responsibility ) activities ? ” said Famao . “ CSR is done by companies to give back to the society not to bribe them . Amu Power is bribing people in Lamu so that they can accept the coal project . ”
According to the project co-ordinator for Save Lamu , Omar Elmawi , said that some residents see through the gifts . “ One time during a community meeting , a fisherman said that the freezers they were being given by Amu Power would one day be used as freezers in mortuaries due to death from effects of coal if they accept the project , ” they said .
Save Lamu has presented the governor of the county , Issa Timamy , with a signed petition to stop the project . But the county government 's head of health , sanitation and environment in the county government , Mohamed Abubakar , is hoping that an environmental and social impact assessment ( ESIA ) will lay out how Amu Power will mitigate against the damaging effects of the plant . “ There will be continuous monitoring of the project in order to enable us tame any effects and as a county we are keen to see the ESIA , ” they said .
Both Save Lamu and another group that are campaigning on the issue , Muslims for Human Rights ( Muhuri ) , fear that the government-run National Environmental Management Authority ( Nema ) might not be fair with the ESIA . “ We sent our comments in November last year and to date we are yet to get a reply , ” said Khadija Shekuwe , the research and documentation officer at Save Lamu .
Green jobs boom : meet the front line of the new solar economy Read more
Caleb Mireri , the chair of environmental planning and management at Kenyatta University does not believe that any form of technology can eliminate effects of coal . Due to the enormity of the project and the effects that it will pose for the environment and people living around . “ If they are importing coal , then they are importing pollution , why ca n't Kenya use solar power which Kenya has huge potential in ? ” they said .
Save Lamu and Muhuri continue their campaign as they await the ESIA . In case it does not address their concerns conclusively , they will move to court . “ We will , in consultation with our lawyers sue Nema , Amu Power and the National Land Commission and the relevant ministries involved with the coal plant , ” promised Elmawi .
Join our community of development professionals and humanitarians . Follow @ GuardianGDP on Twitter . Join the conversation with the hashtag # EnergyAccess .
UPDATE : The AP has confirmed that Nate Dogg has died .
PREVIOUSLY :
Nate Dogg is dead , according to a report in their hometown Long Beach Press Telegram , which cited a family announcement .
Friend and collaborator Snoop Dogg appeared to confirm the news by tweeting , `` RIP NATE DOGG '' and later `` We lost a true legend n hip hop n rnb . One of my best friends n a brother to me since 1986 when I was a sophomore at poly high where we met . ''
The legendary musician , whose real name was Nathaniel D. Hale , was part of the west coast rap scene and collaborated on hit songs with many top recording artists including Warren G , 50 Cent and Eminem .
They were 41 and had battled health complications . On Sunday , Warren G tweeted , `` For those that dont know awhile back nate had 2 strokes they are in therapy thanks again for your support . ''
Not many comic book movies start with a scruffy , smiling 15-year-old girl confessing : “ I had sex today … Holy shit. ” If we met Minnie , the protagonist of Marielle Heller 's adaptation of Phoebe Gloeckner 's 2002 graphic novel The Diary of a Teenage Girl in any other comic book adaptation , she 'd most likely be the high school siren and love interest . If she 's lucky they might be a feisty foil in the mould of Anne Hathaway 's Catwoman or Anna Kendrick 's Stacey Pilgrim in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World . But they would n't have thoughts or a movie of their own .
The forthcoming films of Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel are long overdue , and hopefully will fare better than a lot of other past big-budget , female-friendly comic adaptations . Remember Catwoman ? Elektra ? Tank Girl ? Interestingly , only the latter was directed by a woman , Rachel Talalay , who still wishes to remake the film without studio interference . Meanwhile , Neil Gaiman 's proposal for a three-film adaptation of The Sandman , which had a huge female following , was presented to Warner Bros. in 2005 with concept drawings by comics giant Jill Thompson and was rejected .
Terry Zwigoff 's Ghost World aside , most comic book movies are centred on men and boys – and that 's even looking beyond Hollywood 's superhero franchises to films like A History of Violence , Oblivion and Old Boy . If your knowledge of comic books was limited to what got adapted , up until recently you would think that drawing strips was just done by men . But women have always created comics ( and read them too ) , just as they have always directed movies . It was just that for a long time you had to seek them out .
Despite recent successes such as the reinvention of Miss Marvel as a Muslim teenager , a female Thor and a She-Hulk , as well as DC 's rebooting of many of its superheros , there are still far too few female artists working at both comic book empires . The proportion of female artists at Marvel is around 10 % , a similarly dismal statistic to the proportion of films directed by women in Hollywood last year : 7 % . DC , Marvel and Hollywood would do well to take heed of the more progressive worlds of independent publishing and graphic novels that have increasingly published more stories by female artists and seen sales rise as they reach a much wider audience . Over the last few years more of these comics have been transformed into films , stretching the connotations of comic book movies far beyond caped crusaders , science fiction , action thrillers and stories of male teenage woe . They offer up authentic depictions of love , sex but above all life from a female perspective , which due to the lack of women film-makers , are all too rarely found on the big screen . Here are just five examples . Directors and producers take note – there are a lot more comics like this out there waiting .
The Diary of a Teenage Girl
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The film team review The Diary of a Teenage Girl
One of the best animated interludes in Marianne Heller 's debut feature involves 15-year-old protagonist Minnie 's vision of themselves as an awkward giant stomping through San Francisco like Godzilla , plucking their boy prey from the streets and licking them all over . It 's just one instance of how nascent female sexual desire is imaginatively captured by Heller . Them coming of age tale , set in the drug-hazed 1970s , does n't flash teenage flesh gratuitously , only showing Minnie fully naked when examining their body in the mirror . Bel Powley 's nuanced performance ensures that we get under the skin of this impulsive , fragile teen cartoonist rather than gazing at it . Minnie 's affair with their mother 's thirtysomething boyfriend ( Aleksander Skarsgård ) is also much more than a predatory one-dimensional relationship – just another example of the film 's fidelity to its protagonist 's POV . Sadly , the all-male panel of the BBFC , who do n't often have many honest accounts of adolescent sexuality submitted to them , saw “ strong sex scenes ” rather than a lost , lonely girl looking for love , acting on their desires and getting confused between the two of them . They stamped the film with an 18 certificate , but hopefully that will only just encourage more teenagers to seek it out .
Gemma Bovery
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gemma Bovery trailer
Posy Simmonds 's newspaper toons and graphic novels have prompted three film adaptations , and are proof if it was ever needed , that female comic artists have much more to offer beyond tender autobiography . Little remembered now is Famous Fred , Joanna Quinn 's charming 1996 Oscar-nominated animated short of Simmonds 's story about a family moggy 's secret life . The latest of their creations to be adapted is their 1999 graphic novel and Flaubert homage Gemma Bovery . Directed by Anne Fontaine , it features Gemma Arterton as the bored middle-class English expat in Normandy bearing troubling similarities to Flaubert 's infamous life-weary hero . However , Fontaine 's decision to lighten and brighten their source material , focusing too much on the narrator 's infatuation with Gemma , makes their titular character into a male fantasy rather than the complex individual in the book . Simmonds 's humour , literary playfulness and acute social commentary translated far better on screen in Stephen Frears 's 2010 take on Tamara Drewe , which , again featuring Arterton , served up a mischievous romp full of bed-hopping mayhem from Simmonds 's update of Thomas Hardy 's Far From the Madding Crowd to 21st century Dorset .
Blue Is the Warmest Colour
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Blue is the Warmest Colour wins the Palme d'Or
Tunisian-French director Abdellatif Kechiche 's adaptation of Julie Maroh 's lesbian romance , starring Léa Seydoux and Adèle Exarchopoulos , infamously became the first comic book movie to clinch arthouse cinema 's most prestigious accolade , the Palme d'Or . But it was also the first Cannes winner to be disowned by its source . In their graphic novel , Maroh draws sex as mundane and natural , but Kechiche films it as anything but . While much of the film is shot in tight close-ups , in the lengthy , explicit sex scenes Kechiche 's camera frequently pulls back to enjoy the couple 's activities and their bodies . It 's a shame , as Kechiche 's three-hour film was otherwise dedicated to subtly and intimately sketching the world around the couple as well as their protagonist Adele 's nascent erotic desires , their inner turmoil and later their desolate heartbreak . Their liberal adaptation actually did away with some of Maroh 's more melodramatic turns .
Only Yesterday
Our Little Sister review – Hirokazu Kore-eda 's mature siblingmance manga Read more
Unlike Hollywood comic book adaptations , some of the most memorable characters of Japanese manga films are women , from the eponymous princess with their jet-powered glider in Hayao Miyazaki 's Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind , to the cyborg commander of Mamoru Oshii 's 1995 film of Ghost in the Shell . Due to Japan 's widespread obsession with manga and the number of female artists , there have been many adaptations of women 's visions , particularly of romance stories . The flip side is that they rarely travel abroad or beyond the small screen , and due to the lack of Japanese female directors , most are adapted by men , the most recent being Hirokazu Kore-eda 's delicate family saga Our Little Sister , a retelling of Akimi Yoshid 's Umimachi Diary , in competition at Cannes this year . Only Yesterday by Studio Ghibli 's Isao Takahata towers over all of them . Drawing on a collection of short stories of the same name by Hotaru Okamoto and Yuko Tone , Takahata 's enchanting painterly animation about a 27-year-old woman reflecting on their youth in the 1960s is a musing on time passing that 's never saccharine or nostalgic but heavy with melancholy and realism , a novelty among fantasy-obsessed manga films .
Simon Hattenstone interviews Marjane Satrapi , whose best-selling comic book Persepolis is now an award-winning film Read more
Persepolis
In animating their autobiography , Marjane Satrapi , co-directing with Vincent Paronnaud , became one of the few comic book artists to adapt their own work and undoubtedly the first to illustrate a girl 's growing pains in the 1980s Tehran . Early on , their younger self dreams of becoming the last prophet with powers to change the world , but soon discovers that fantasies of superhero-style control have no place amid a tyrannical regime and warfare . Them film is a spirited , often devastating reflection on freedom that details the repression of women in Iran through chilling everyday moments rather than sensationalist drama that aligns good all too easily against evil . Often included as the token comic book adaptation by and about women in numerous internet lists on the subject , it is one of the most remarkable feats of adaptation . Comic strips share much of cinema 's language , but that does n't make them simple to translate . Satrapi deliberately stuck with the stark monochrome of their graphic novel to make their tale of rebellion and displacement a universal one , but ensures each frame is a surprising visual spectacle – be it a surreal musical sequence or the horror of a human hand in a building 's bombed ruins .
How many times have you looked at a model in a magazine or an actor on TV and thought , “ Hey , that does n't look like me or anyone I know ” ? This group of students decided to talk back about the difference between media fantasy and their reality .
It is that act of speech , of “ talking back , ” that is no mere gesture of empty words , that is the expression of our movement from object to subject – the liberated voice .
–bell hooks
Let 's face it , we 're plugged into an awful lot of media . Sometimes we 're aware of what we 're consuming , like when we turn on the television , go to a movie or download a new song off iTunes . But much of the time it is n't an active choice . Think about all the billboards and ads we 're subjected to without our consent . Add up the images from the voluntary and involuntary sources and you 've got a tidal wave of images —and most do n't look anything like us or the girls we know . Several of the students in my Women and Pop Culture class decided they 'd had enough-they were going to talk back to the media and tell them what “ real ” women look like .
What do you think ? How would YOU talk back ?
Originally posted at Proud2Bme , a revised version first posted at Feminist Fatale + cross-posted at Jezebel .
Chemical and drugmaker Bayer AG said Thursday it acted `` responsibly , ethically and humanely '' during the 1980s in selling a blood-clotting product that stopped potentially fatal bleeding in hemophiliacs but was linked to the risk of HIV infection .
The company 's statement was in response to a New York Times report that it sold millions of dollars worth of an older version of the medication in Latin America and Asia while marketing a newer , safer product in the United States and Europe .
Bayer division Cutter Biological continued selling old stocks of the medicine for more than a year after it introduced a version in February 1984 that was heat-treated to kill HIV , according to documents obtained by the Times .
The medicine , called Factor VIII concentrate , can stop or prevent potentially fatal bleeding in people with hemophilia , a genetic condition that prevents blood from clotting normally .
Early in the AIDS epidemic , the medicine was made using plasma from 10,000 or more donors . There was not yet a screening test for HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , so even a small number of HIV-positive donors could taint a large pool of plasma recipients .
As a result , thousands of hemophiliacs became infected with HIV . Bayer and three other companies that made the concentrate have paid about $ 600 million to settle more than 15 years of lawsuits accusing them of making a dangerous product , the newspaper said .
The documents from that litigation , examined by the Times , include internal memos , minutes of marketing meetings and telexes to foreign distributors .
Bayer , based in the western German city of Leverkusen , said Cutter continued selling the older version because some customers doubted the new one 's effectiveness , and because some countries were slow to approve its sale . It said there were initially concerns that heat-treating might make the drug less safe or less effective .
`` Bayer has always behaved responsibly , ethically , and humanely to provide lifesaving products for the global hemophilia community , '' the statement said .
`` Decisions made nearly two decades ago were based on the best scientific information of the time and were consistent with the regulations in place . They can not be judged on the information available today . ''
The Times said at least 100 hemophiliacs in Hong Kong and Taiwan alone contracted AIDS after using the older product , and that many have since died . Li Wei-chun said their son , who died in 1996 at the age of 23 , was among the victims .
`` They did not care about the lives in Asia , '' they said . `` It was racial discrimination . ''
Cutter also sold the older medicine in Argentina , Indonesia , Japan , Malaysia , and Singapore after February 1984 , according to the documents . The newspaper said Cutter shipped more than 100,000 vials of unheated concentrate , worth more than $ 4 million , after it began selling the safer product .
The sales continued partly because of Cutter 's desire to deplete stocks of the older medicine , and partly because of fixed-price contracts , for which the company believed the older product would be cheaper to make , the newspaper said .
In March 1983 , the federal Centers for Disease Control warned that blood products appeared responsible for AIDS among hemophiliacs . Three months later , Cutter sent a letter to distributors in nearly two dozen nations saying that AIDS was `` the center of irrational response in many countries . ''
In late 1984 , as Hong Kong hemophiliacs began testing positive for HIV , some doctors wondered whether Cutter was sending `` AIDS-tainted '' medicine into less-developed nations .
But the company assured its distributor that the unheated product posed `` no severe hazard '' and was the `` same fine product we have supplied for years . ''
In May 1985 , Dr. Harry M. Meyer Jr. , the Food and Drug Administration 's blood-products official , called the companies to a meeting , believing they had broken an agreement to stop selling the older medicine , the Times said . But Meyer decided to handle the matter quietly instead of notifying the public , the newspaper said .
By David McHugh
By now , if you have been following the political minutiae of the Syria debate in Washington , you know that a young Syria analyst ( who turned out to be a pro-opposition advocate ) was fired yesterday from their job at the Institute for the Study of War ( ISW ) , which is run by neoconservative interventionist Kimberly Kagan , for ostensibly lying about having a PhD . There seems to be some confusion about whether Elizabeth O'Bagy , 26 , and their newly-minted masters degree at Georgetown University had merely been a candidate for a doctoral degree , or was even registered in any Georgetown PhD program at all . On Sept. 9 they told Politico that they had submitted but not defended their dissertation , while they appear to have said the complete opposite in this Daily Caller piece on the same day . Bottom line : in their numerous media and think tank appearances , as well as a recent op-ed in The Wall Street Journal , and most importantly , on the ISW website , they were listed as Elizabeth O'Bagy PhD . In the Daily Caller interview they told the reporter , “ you can call me doctor if you want . ”
We care about this even a little because O'Bagy was recently cited by both Secretary of State John Kerry and Sen. John McCain as a credible source of research on the opposition groups operating on the ground in Syria . O'Bagy 's line jibed well with theirs , that there were enough moderate rebels in Syria to work with the United States toward peace in Syria after U.S. air strikes degraded Assad 's own military capabilities ( Read : regime change ) . O'Bagy , who reportedly traveled extensively among rebel groups in Syria , was also a key orchestrator of McCain 's secret trip there . Them affiliation with the Syrian Emergency Task Force , an opaque pro-strike opposition group run by a guy who fronted a similar pro-strike group during the Libya debate , was never listed in their official bios , nor by the numerous media ( FOX News , BBC , etc ) they appeared on , nor even the ISW website . Them story began to unravel there .
What 's most interesting about their final fall , which splashed across the media webzines and Twitter universe yesterday , is that no one seems to wonder how Kagan did not know their primary spokesperson for Syria did not hold a full-fledged doctorate and why Kagan , by all accounts , is now throwing O'Bagy under the bus . Kagan , friend and hagiographer to David Petraeus , counselor to Stanley McChrystal , sister-in-law to Robert Kagan and wife of Frederick Kagan , pro-war hawk and author of the so-called “ surge strategy ” that convinced a failure-stunned George W. Bush to put 20,000 more troops in harms way in Iraq in 2007 , should know better . They have a PhD , right ? Simply put , their subsequent interviews with reporters after O'Bagy 's firing Wednesday reeks of something , and it rhymes with CAT .
This is what Kagan told the Daily Caller , which has been on this story since O'Bagy was quoted by McCain during last week 's hearings :
“ Ms . O'Bagy told me that they had successfully defended their dissertation in May 2013 , ” Kim Kagan , director of the ISW and former advisor to Gen. Stanley McChrystal , told TheDC . “ But they had n't . They misrepresented that they had successfully defended it . ”
Kagan also says that O'Bagy told them they were in a joint PhD/M.A program and that it “ continued to be [ her ] understanding ” that O'Bagy was in that program . O'Bagy graduated from Georgetown 's master 's program in 2013 .
Yet the ISW website plainly said ( as of before yesterday ) that O'Bagy had a PhD and called them “ Dr. ” in its senior staff bio page . This writer clearly remembers seeing it because it made an impression ( in fact , I pointed it out , here , on Aug. 27 ) . The bio is off the site now , there is one screen shot of it here on a Think Progress story of O'Bagy 's downfall , published last night .
In that story , Kagan behaves as though they are n't even running the institute much less the work it 's doing on Syria . When reporter Zack Beauchamp asks them how , after an initial round of calls , they can not find O'Bagy associated with any PhD program at Georgetown , Kagan , whose elaborate family connections in the national security establishment hierarchy are the stuff most Beltway Bandits only dream about , “ demurs , ” saying , “ that I actually need to refer you to Georgetown for . ”
When asked who paid for all of O'Bagy 's trips and their Syrian rebel connections — which have been used to burnish O'Bagy 's lack of professional credentials ( ISW is actually their first job ) — Kagan , the founder and president of ISW , says they Do N'T KNOW .
“ That 's a really good question . I 'm afraid I ca n't really tell you that , ” the ISW President told Think Progress . “ She kept me informed about [ her opposition contacts ] and apprised me that they existed . ”
Forgive us if our bull meter is wildly going off here . Kagan , who flew in and out of Iraq on “ eight battlefield circulations ” during the Iraq War , according to their WikiPedia page ( read : boondoggle trips to advance Gen. Petraeus and the surge ) , knows all about how such trips are funded , how Washington works in this regard . That they know nothing about how their senior fellow , who is representing their institute all over the mass media , is a laughable proposition . So who funded those trips Kimberly ? Inquiring minds want to know because if we did not give a damn before , we certainly do now .
O'Bagy may very well have gone on those trips and , as Think Progress so generously allows , “ the work they helped their produce was influential and widely respected. ” But Beauchamp also notes that , “ over the course of roughly a year , they went from a graduate student and intern to a pundit making regular appearances on Fox News and being published in Foreign Policy , The Atlantic , and well , The Wall Street Journal . They were promoted to Senior Analyst and then to Syria Team Lead at ISW , and had become known as a go-to expert on the Syrian rebels among foreign policy experts . ”
Let 's be frank , this just does n't happen in Washington unless there are other , self-interested forces at play . Them recent appearances on FOX , for example , show a capable , smart woman who seems very well briefed on the subject of Syrian rebel groups , but they give absolutely no hint about what it is like being with the rebels , what they are like , the look , the smell and feel of insurgency . Something is missing . Maybe it 's nothing more than a PhD . Now that they ca n't talk to reporters about their affiliation with ISW we may never know .
What I think is that O'Bagy was used by ISW to push the institute 's pro-strike/pro-regime change agenda , and now they are letting them swing in the hot wind of a Washington scandal , alone . Kagan is long past their prime as a positive intervention spokesperson . The woman who once compared Petraeus and Gen. Ray “ desert ox ” Odierno to Napoleon and Patton does n't have the same credibility now that Afghanistan and even Iraq are largely viewed as failures by the American public . O'Bagy provided a fresh face , the right tone and ostensibly good research .
Kagan is the one the dogged beltway reporters should be digging at . O'Bagy has paid enough .
INDIANAPOLIS -- The importance of having a good kicker could n't have been any more evident than in Sunday 's playoff matchup between Minnesota and Seattle when Vikings kicker Blair Walsh missed a 27-yard field goal in the final seconds of the game that would have given them a victory over the Seahawks .
Indianapolis Colts kicker Adam Vinatieri turned 43 years old late last month .
Done ?
Not even close .
The motivating factor for Adam Vinatieri ? Another shot at a Super Bowl . Scott Cunningham/Getty Images
Vinatieri will be a free agent , but he 's not ready to trade in their cleats for the flip-flop life of retirement . They definitely did n't kick like it last season , either .
Vinatieri made their final 25 field goal attempts after missing their first two attempts of the season . Their 25-of-27 accuracy included 12 of 13 from at least 40 yards out . They were 30-of-31 during the 2014 season .
“ For me I 've always said I want to do it as long as I 'm an asset , not a liability , ” Vinatieri said . “ I feel like I can still do it at a high level and I still love it . ”
Vinatieri said they no longer puts money as a priority when thinking about their future . They have made plenty of it during their 20-year career . Their goal is to try to win another Super Bowl .
“ Maybe my first few years it might have been more about money , it 's not about that anymore , ” Vinatieri said . “ I do n't play the game for that at all now . ”
Vinatieri did joke that they would like to pass Morten Andersen and Gary Anderson , who are first and second , respectively , in points scored . Vinatieri has 2,253 points , while Morten Andersen has 2,544 points and Gary Anderson has 2,434 points .
“ Now it 's about I kind of want to catch Mort and Gary , ” Vinatieri said . “ They 're way out in front of me . It 'll take me a long time . We 'll see how it goes . I say that with all due respect for those two guys . I 've always said I want to win another Super Bowl . There are no guarantees . We 'll see where it goes . ”
At Rick Majerus ' final stop , the lone concession to the coach 's health woes were the footstools stationed at each corner of the practice court .
Article continues below ...
Close by anytime they needed a breather . Close enough , too , to jump up for some hands-on assistance with the proper stance or to lead a quick walkthrough .
The jovial , basketball-obsessed coach who led Utah to the 1998 NCAA final and had only one losing season in 25 years with four schools , died Saturday . They were 64 .
FOXSportsMidwest.com confirmed the news through sources at Saint Louis University .
Utah industrialist Jon Huntsman , the coach 's longtime friend , confirmed in a statement released through The Salt Lake Tribune that Majerus died of heart failure in a Los Angeles hospital . The coach had been hospitalized there for several months .
Players remembered Majerus , who got their start as an assistant under Al McGuire at Marquette , as a coach who was exacting and perhaps a bit unorthodox at times , but always fair . Majerus was known for assembling rosters with an international flair , and their final team at Saint Louis had players from Australia and New Zealand .
” It was a unique experience , I 'll tell you that , and I loved every minute of it , ” said Saint Louis guard Kyle Cassity , who was mostly a backup on last season 's 26-win team after starting for Majerus earlier in their college career . ” A lot of people questioned the way they did things , but I loved it . He 'd be hard as hell on you , but they really cared . ”
At the postgame news conference following Saint Louis ' four-point loss to top seed Michigan State in the NCAA West Regional , Majerus and their players wept .
” Coach has done so much , ” Brian Conklin said back then . ” Being their first recruiting class , they told me that we were going to help them build something special here . He 's a great coach . I could n't imagine playing for a better coach , a better person . They do n't just teach you about basketball , it 's about life . ”
Saint Louis athletic director Chris May said in a statement that what they would remember most about Majerus ” was their enduring passion to see their players excel both on and off the court . ”
” He truly embraced the term ` student-athlete , ' and I think that will be their lasting legacy , ” May added .
The school announced Nov. 19 that Majerus would n't return to Saint Louis because of the heart condition . They ended the school 's 12-year NCAA tournament drought last season , and bounced back from their only losing season , with a team that won its opening game and took top regional seed Michigan State to the wire . The Billikens were ranked for the first time since 1994-95 .
Majerus was undergoing evaluation and treatment in California for the ongoing heart trouble and the school announced they were on leave in late August .
” That 's a tough one for me , ” Boston coach Doc Rivers , a former Marquette star , said after the Celtics ' loss in Milwaukee . ” He 's the one that gave me my nickname . I knew before ( the game ) that they are n't going to make it through the night . I do n't want to talk much about it . ”
San Diego State coach Steve Fisher first met Majerus at a camp when Majerus was a graduate assistant at Marquette and Fisher was coaching at the high school level in Chicago .
” Rick would hold court at night with a case of beer in the basement , ” Fisher said . ” Phenomenal coach , a better person , cared about family , cared about people . They will be missed by everyone . ”
Loyola of Chicago coach Porter Moser , an assistant under Majerus at Saint Louis from 2007-10 , tweeted , ” RIP to my friend and mentor Coach Majerus . I learned so much about the game and life . We lost One of the best ! My heart is heavy tonight . ”
Missouri coach Frank Haith said it was a ” sad day for all college basketball . ”
” Coach Majerus was a tremendous coach and one of the all-time great personalities in our profession , ” Haith said . ” Our hearts and prayers go out to Rick 's family and friends and all the wonderful student-athletes and staff at Saint Louis University . ”
Majerus had a history of heart and weight problems dating to 1989 that persisted despite a daily constitutional of a mile swim . They had a stent inserted in August 2011 in Salt Lake City and missed some games in the 2011-12 season after gashing their leg in a collision with players .
They backed out of a commitment to coach Southern California due to heart problems .
Majerus was 95-69 in five seasons at Saint Louis and had a 25-year record of 517-216 , with 15 20-win seasons and two 30-win seasons . They had their most success at Utah , going 323-95 from 1989-2004 . They were at Marquette from 1983-86 , and Ball State from 1987-89 .
Ball State was 29-3 in 1988-89 under Majerus , including the school 's first NCAA tournament victory . At Utah , Majerus produced 10 conference championships in 13 seasons .
” Rick left a lasting legacy at the University of Utah , not only for their incredible success and the national prominence they brought to our basketball program , but also for the tremendous impact they made on the young men who were fortunate enough to play on their teams , ” Utah athletic director Dr. Chris Hill said in a statement .
” His standard of excellence extended beyond the basketball court and into the academic and personal success of their players . They will be deeply missed and we grieve for their family and all of their friends . ”
Majerus took 12 teams to the NCAA tournament , winning at least one game in all but one of those appearances , with the 1998 Utah team losing to Kentucky in the NCAA championship game . They led four teams to the NIT and took Saint Louis teams to the CBI tournament final in 2009-10 .
” It 's a sad day for college basketball , ” UNLV coach Dave Rice said . ” Certainly one of the great college basketball coaches . They took talent where they were most effective . When you went up against Coach Majerus and you won you knew you did something special . ”
Gonzaga assistant coach Donny Daniels spent a decade as an assistant under Majerus .
” He was a caring man , a gracious man , giving of himself , ” Daniels said . ” He did so many nice things for me . They taught me how to coach and how to be efficient . ”
Arizona coach Sean Miller coached against Majerus when they were at Xavier and Majerus was at Saint Louis .
” We 've certainly lost a member of the coaching fraternity that all of us respect , ” Miller said . ” It became very apparent when you prepared for their team and watched them coach against your team that there are very few coaches that are more prepared , more detail-oriented that knew the game comprehensively than Rick Majerus . You could also sense that basketball , the game , the love of the game was really part of their life . ”
Majerus as a mentor to Ben Howland during the UCLA coach 's days at UC Santa Barbara and Northern Arizona .
” He was a great coach and a really , really good person ” Howland said . ” It 's a sad day for basketball because they were a brilliant man . ”
Majerus was openly critical of Saint Louis ' affiliation in the Atlantic 10 , complaining that the travel demands made it too hard to succeed academically . Yet they coached two academic All-Americans at Saint Louis , Conklin and Kevin Lisch .
Majerus was born in Milwaukee and earned a spot on the first-year student team at Marquette , their hometown college . They did n't make the varsity under McGuire , who instead hired them as an assistant coach in 1971 .
Majerus ' ties to Wisconsin included a one-year stint as assistant coach with the NBA 's Bucks in 1987-88 .
” He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , ” Bucks assistant coach Jim Boylan said . ” For me personally , he 's always been there . He 's one of those guys who , if you do n't see Rick for a while and when something was going wrong and you needed help , boom , he 'd be there . He 'd basically give you the shirt off their back , if that 's what you needed . ”
Three of Majerus ' players at Utah were first-round NBA draft picks . Keith Van Horn was No . 2 overall in 1997 , Michael Doleac 12th in 1998 and Andre Miller eighth in 1999 .
Saint Louis is 3-3 this season under interim coach Jim Crews , who joined the staff last season . The Billikens were picked to finish second in the Atlantic 10 but have struggled without point guard Kwamain Mitchell , sidelined probably until January with a broken foot .
” Nobody loved basketball and teaching kids more that Rick , ” Crews said . ” His passion for the game and the coaching profession was unparalleled . ”
Majerus ' father , Raymond , died of a heart attack at 63 in 1987 . They were a former secretary-treasurer of the United Auto Workers . Majerus was devoted to their mother , Alyce , before their death in August 2011 .
They were briefly married from 1987-89 . They are survived by sisters Jodi and Tracy .
The portly coach was unabashed in their love of food , always quick with a restaurant recommendation for whatever town their teams were playing in .
Their autobiography , ” My Life On a Napkin , ” came out in 2000 .
ISIS claimed that the four men were killed while fighting for the group in Afghanistan . ( Photo : AFP/Representational )
Thiruvananthapuram : The Islamic State group , also known as ISIS , has released a video of five young men , claiming that they were killed in Afghanistan while fighting for it . Four of the five youth were from Kerala .
According to reports , intelligence agencies have verified the authenticity of the video . Police have identified photos of Muhammad Murshid , Hafeesudeen , Yahya and Shajeer Abdulla Mangalassery .
The two-and-a-half minute video was posted on a group named Kerala Xposed on Telegram app .
A message in the video read , according to NDTV , `` Those who are martyred in the name of Allah , should n't be considered as dead . In reality , they are alive with their lord . They will get their share of life abundantly ( Sura 3 : Aya 169 ) '' .
The four young men were among the 21 youth from Kerala , who belonged to Christian and Hindu families , joined ISIS in Afghanistan last year .
In February this year , another among the 21 youth was killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan .
The system has been tested on Twitter , but could work on other platforms
A new artificial intelligence system is able to recognise when someone is being sarcastic online - something even humans sometimes struggle to do .
Social media chatter is mined by advertisers , stock traders and intelligence services , but their systems can be thrown by sarcasm .
Because computers process information literally , they struggle to tell when someone is actually saying the opposite of what they really mean .
In 2014 , the US Secret Service listed sarcasm detection as a feature it wanted implemented in its social media analytics service .
Now Silvio Amir from the University of Lisbon has come up with a machine learning technique to overcome this problem on Twitter .
They said sarcasm can be identified by computers if they comb through the user 's previous tweets .
The system builds up a picture of the person , which gives it a better chance of deciding whether a person is being sarcastic or not .
They told the New Scientist : `` It intuitively makes sense . Tell me what you talk about and I can tell you who you are .
`` We can get away without looking at all this external information . ''
They say the system has an accuracy level of about 87 % , but that could improve as the system learns over time .
The system could be adapted to work with any platform where previous posts are available for analysis .
In 2009 , Patrick LaForge , then president of the Edmonton Oilers , told their local paper that they thought hockey in Las Vegas was “ a really tough sell , ” and that , “ people go to Vegas for a reason — gambling and maybe golf and a few hours by the pool. ” They thought the National Hockey League could work , but that it would take work . The league seems set to find out , with its board of governors reportedly scheduled to approve Las Vegan expansion plans at a June 22 meeting . Below , the Star attempts to answer some key questions , including this one : Las Vegas ? LAS VEGAS ?
NHL ? In Vegas ? Get used to it . ( Sam Morris / AP )
Major sports organizations have been flirting with Las Vegas for years . In 2007 , the NBA used the city as a glitzy host for its all-star game , but then-commissioner David Stern was sure to point out the league was only staying for a visit . Gambling , they told the New York Times , was the stumbling block : “ It has to be off the books for consideration. ” In less than a decade , especially with the advent of daily fantasy , concerns over gambling seem to have faded . ( In 2014 , Adam Silver , Stern 's successor , argued in an opinion piece in the Times that sports betting should be legalized . ) Las Vegas has a metropolitan population of more than two million . According to the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority , the city drew more than 42 million visitors last year , breaking its previous record of 41.1 million .
Article Continued Below
WHO IS BILL FOLEY ? In 1967 , the year the Toronto Maple Leafs claimed their last Stanley Cup title , William P. Foley II earned an engineering degree at the United States Military Academy . ( It is worth remembering : The school 's teams are known as the Black Knights . ) They are chairperson of Fidelity National Financial , a U.S.-based insurance giant . Foley is also involved in restaurants and wineries from California to New Zealand . Last year , the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported they had purchased a home in the upscale Summerlin area , and that they were looking for a home for their nascent hockey team 's business offices . How would they run the team , widely reported to be named the Black Knights ? They told the Review-Journal they “ would know what 's going on at all times. ” “ I 'm not going to let anyone screw things up , ” they told the paper . “ I know what I know . But whoever we would hire can certainly convince me of things . ”
WHERE WILL THEY PLAY ? T-Mobile Arena opened in April , a 10-minute drive from the airport , nestled into the part of the Las Vegas Strip that you see on television commercials . It was privately funded — split between MGM Resorts International and Anschutz Entertainment Group — at a cost of $ 375 million U.S . It can seat 17,500 for hockey .
Article Continued Below
The Anschutz group is part-owner of the Los Angeles Kings , and the team is scheduled to play a pair of pre-season games in Las Vegas this fall . The Kings will host Dallas on Oct. 7 , and they will host Colorado the following day . The Los Angeles Lakers will host two NBA pre-season games the following week . Some of the other acts set to appear that month : Kanye West , The Rolling Stones and country star Keith Urban . According to the Las Vegas Sun , the south side of the arena includes parking space for a Zamboni . WHAT ABOUT QUEBEC CITY ? Earlier this month , former prime minister Brian Mulroney , now chair of communications giant Quebecor , suggested that Quebec City stakeholders did not have their hopes pinned on this round of expansion . In an interview with La Presse , they said the sagging loonie did not help matters . Like Las Vegas , Quebec also has an arena up and running with the Videotron Centre . In a TSN translation of the interview , Mulroney said that if NHL commissioner Gary Bettman were to call , the group would “ be ready to react quickly. ” React quickly to what ? A relocation offer , perhaps . Peter Karmanos Jr. , who owns the Carolina Hurricanes , has been on record saying they were looking for a local ownership partner . They are also facing a $ 105-million lawsuit filed by their three sons , further fueling relocation speculation . WILL LAS VEGAS BE UNFAIR ? In 2009 , as the NHL was preparing to host its awards gala in Las Vegas for the first time , young Vancouver Canucks forward Ryan Kesler was asked about the city 's potential as a full-time hockey market : “ Their home record would be amazing , 41-0. ” Las Vegas has amenities that might distract a young millionaire with a bit of free time , is what they meant . As Wally Backman , manager of the local Triple-A baseball team , told the Las Vegas Review-Journal this week , their main challenge is “ making sure you keep your players out of trouble. ” They told the paper that players have to learn their limitations : “ My whole thing here is if I can get the players through the first three weeks of the season , they 've had all of the fun they probably want to have . ”
Nov. 6 : The Rays will not make a qualifying offer to first baseman Logan Morrison , tweets MLB.com 's Mark Feinsand . Coming off a breakout 38-homer season , it certainly would n't have been a total shock to see Morrison receive the offer as well , and some clubs may well have taken that risk . However , the cost-conscious Rays likely could n't stomach the notion of paying a combined $ 35MM for the pair in the unlikely event that both accepted the deal , so Morrison will enter free agency unencumbered by the burden of draft-pick compensation .
Nov. 5 : In line with rumblings from earlier today , the Rays will extend a $ 17.4MM qualifying offer to right-hander Alex Cobb , Jon Heyman of FanRag tweets . Cobb ranks as the 11th-best free agent available on MLBTR 's Top 50 Free Agents list .
As Heyman notes , the 30-year-old Cobb has only made $ 9MM thus far in their career , but will now receive the opportunity to nearly triple that amount if they accept the QO . Of course , there 's certainly a higher ceiling for them on the free agent market . The MLBTR team believes they could land a 4-year , $ 48MM contract if they test free agency this winter .
Tampa Bay originally selected Cobb out of Vero Beach High School in the 4th round of the 2006 draft . They made their major-league debut in 2011 , and went on to pitch 520 2/3 innings for the Rays at the major league level before being placed on the DL to begin the 2015 season . What was then described as right forearm tendinitis was eventually revealed to be a partial tear of their UCL . Cobb had the Tommy John procedure in May of that season and did n't pitch in the majors again until 2016 .
In their first full season back from injury , Cobb posted solid overall numbers . They were typically good at inducing ground balls ( 47.8 % ground ball rate ) and limiting walks ( 2.21 BB/9 ) , and typically lacking in the strikeout department ( 6.42 K/9 ) . Ultimately , the righty posted an impressive 3.66 ERA , though their 4.24 xFIP suggests they are n't quite as good as those results . Still , they accumulated 2.4 fWAR and has lined themselves up for a nice payday should they choose to venture into free agency .
Cobb features a sinking fastball on which they average 92.1 MPH , which they throw about 47 % of the time . That pitch has been great for him , saving an estimated 13.1 runs in 2017 by measure of Fangraphs ' Pitch Type Linear Weights . Their best secondary pitch is their curveball , and they mix in a two-seamer every now and then . Their ability to induce ground balls with those pitches will certainly be in demand this winter .
Powerful , cyclonic cylinder with our best performance and Direct Airpath Technology .
Powerful , cyclonic cylinder for a strong performance on all floor types .
An upright vacuum cleaner that is extremely versatile and ultra-lightweight .
Powerful and lightweight upright vacuum cleaner with a long reach hose and cord .
With a versatile lift-out cylinder for areas you ca n't usually reach .
Break down grease and grime faster than steam alone and have your home smelling fresh .
Remove up to 99 % of indoor airborne pollutants - ideal for asthma & allergy sufferers .
Loaded with tools and solution , to tackle hardened dirt .
Proven to clean carpets better than the UK 's top 10 best selling cordless vacuums * +FREE toolkit
Get the cleaning performance of the best corded uprights in a sleek , lightweight , cordless design ‡ ‡ When tested on carpet according to BS EN 60312-1:2017 clause 5.3 , compared to claimed performance of top-20 from market data Jan-Dec 2017
Get the cleaning performance of the best corded uprights ‡ in a sleek , lightweight design ‡ When tested on carpet according to BS EN 60312-1:2017 clause 5.3 , compared to claimed performance of top-20 market data Jan-Dec 2017 ( by sales volume ) . Tested in boost mode .
Find everything you need for your Vax
Our best ever full sized carpet washer , proven to clean better than the leading rental^ . Leave your carpets dry in as little as 1 hour * *
Payment Plan of 4 x monthly instalments of £62.25 applies to Vax Blade 2 Max 40V Cordless only , additional items to be paid in full at checkout
Proven to clean carpets better than the UK 's top 10 best selling cordless vacuums . * * Top 20 market data , Jan-Dec 2017 ( by sales volume ) , when tested on carpet according to IEC 62885-2:2016 clause 5.3 . Tested in Boost Mode .
Payment Plan of 4 x monthly instalments of £112.25 applies to Ultimate Bundle , additional items to be paid in full at checkout
Includes : The Vax Platinum Carpet Washer , Vax Blade 2 Max Cordless Vacuum Cleaner , Steam Cleaner and Cordless Pro Toolkit . All for £449 – saving you over £170 !
Payment Plan of 4 x monthly instalments of £62.25 applies to Vax Platinum Power Max only , additional items to be paid in full at checkout .
Our best ever full sized carpet washer , proven to clean betterthan the leading rental^ . Leave your carpets dry inas little as 1 hour . * *
* Top 20 market data , Jan-Dec 2017 ( by sales volume ) , when tested on carpet according to IEC 62885-2:2016 clause 5.3 . Tested in Boost Mode .
* * Tested in quick clean mode . Results may vary .
‡ When tested on carpet according to BS EN 60312-1:2017 clause 5.3 , compared to claimed performance of top-20 from market data Jan-Dec 2017 ( by sales volume ) . Tested in Boost Mode .
^Cleaning effectiveness on carpet , tested in dep clean mode according to IEC 62885-3:2014 part 5.2.1 . For further information email : info @ vax.co.uk
A young woman accused of sorcery was stripped naked , doused with petrol and burned alive in front of a crowd including schoolchildren in Papua New Guinea , reports said today .
The woman , named by The National newspaper as Kepari Leniata , 20 , was reportedly tortured with a branding iron and tied up , splashed with fuel and set alight on a pile of rubbish topped with car tyres .
According to the rival Post-Courier newspaper they were torched by villagers who claimed they killed a six-year-old boy through sorcery , with police outnumbered by onlookers and unable to intervene .
A fire truck that responded to the incident , which took place yesterday morning in Mount Hagen city in the Western Highlands , was also chased away .
According to the reports , which were accompanied by graphic front-page images of the woman 's burning corpse , they admitted to killing the boy , who died after being hospitalised with stomach and chest pains on Tuesday .
Police said they were treating the torching as murder and preparing charges against those responsible .
There is a widespread belief in sorcery in the poverty-stricken Pacific nation where many people do not accept natural causes as an explanation for misfortune , illness , accidents or death .
In 1971 , the country introduced a Sorcery Act to criminalise the practice . But PNG 's law reform commission recently proposed to repeal it after a rise in attacks on people thought to practise black magic .
Local bishop David Piso said many innocent people had been killed .
`` Sorcery and sorcery-related killings are growing and the government needs to come up with a law to stop such practice , '' Piso told The National .
Police arrested dozens of people last year linked to an alleged cannibal cult accused of killing at least seven people , eating their brains raw and making soup from their penises .
There have been several other cases of witchcraft and cannibalism in PNG in recent years , with a man reportedly found eating their screaming , newborn son during a sorcery initiation ceremony in 2011 .
In 2009 , a young woman was stripped naked , gagged and burnt alive at the stake , also in Mount Hagen , in what was said to be a sorcery-related crime .
Freedom of information request by human rights group Reprieve reveals UK service personnel acted under auspices of US and other nations within coalition
British pilots have carried out air strikes in Syria , marking a significant expansion of the UK 's role in the campaign against Islamic State .
The UK pilots were embedded with coalition forces , including the US and Canada , and the number involved is understood to have been in single figures .
Details of British personnel 's involvement in strikes by allied nations ' forces were revealed by freedom of information request from the pressure group Reprieve .
The House of Commons voted against military action in Syria in 2013 and parliamentary authorisation has so far only been given to UK air strikes against Isis in neighbouring Iraq .
But David Cameron and the defence secretary , Michael Fallon , made clear they were considering extending the military air campaign to Syria in the wake of the Tunisian beach massacre on 26 June , which claimed 30 British victims among the 38 dead .
They have indicated that they would seek MPs ' approval for an extension of air strikes into Syria , but no vote is expected before the autumn .
The revelation is likely to infuriate MPs who voted against the military intervention . John Baron , the Tory MP for Basildon and Billericay and a member of the foreign affairs select committee , called for the immediate end to UK military strikes in Syria and urged Fallon to explain themselves to parliament .
“ What this does show is at the very minimum an insensitivity to parliament 's will , ” they told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
“ Let 's be absolutely clear about this . We voted in 2013 , when parliament had been recalled from recess , that there should be no British military intervention in Syria . We were told that No 10 had got the message and that any future intervention would be subject to a vote .
“ Here we are learning that we have British military personnel engaged in air strikes , so I hope the government takes the earliest opportunity to come to parliament and explain its position because I think a number of colleagues will ask questions . ”
This month Fallon said there was an “ illogicality ” about targeting Isis assets in Iraq but not in Syria . Downing Street has said more “ thought and deliberation ” are needed before putting the issue to a vote in the Commons .
The US and UK have been embedding personnel in each other 's forces since the 1950s . The frequency has grown in recent years as Nato has encouraged increased “ interoperability ” – making command structures , communications , equipment and other areas as compatible as possible . Forces from various nations serve on one another 's ships , planes and tanks and embedded with allied infantry .
Since the US-led coalition against Isis began a year ago , the UK has had about 1,000 personnel engaged , the bulk of them in air strikes against Iraq from the British base in Cyprus , and the rest trainers and advisers in Baghdad and Kurdish northern Iraq .
About 20 UK personnel have been embedded with US and Canadian forces , who , unlike the UK , conduct strikes against Syria . Of those , three British navy pilots , thought to have been embedded with the US , have been engaged in strikes against targets in Syria in recent months .
British strategy of not attacking Isis in Syria is illogical , says Fallon Read more
The Ministry of Defence said any personnel embedded in foreign nations ' forces were effectively operating as troops of that country .
It said in a statement : “ The UK is contributing to the anti-Isil [ Isis ] coalition air campaign against Isil targets in Syria through the provision of intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance .
“ Isil poses a direct threat to the UK and to countries around the world . The UK is not conducting air strikes in Syria . But we have a longstanding embed programme with allies , where small numbers of UK personnel act under the command of host nations .
“ That has been the case in Syria , although there are currently no pilots operating in this region . When embedded , UK personnel are effectively operating as foreign troops . ”
Jennifer Gibson , of Reprieve , said the discovery made the current debate over UK involvement in air strikes in Syria “ somewhat obsolete ” . They said : “ It is alarming that parliament and the public have been kept in the dark about this for so long .
“ Yet more worrying is the fact that the UK seems to have turned over its personnel to the US wholesale , without the slightest idea as to what they are actually doing , and whether it is legal .
“ We need an open and honest debate about UK involvement in Iraq and Syria . We ca n't have that , though , until the UK comes clean about what actions its personnel are already undertaking . ”
A Labour spokesperson said ministers needed to be clear about the extent of the UK 's involvement in any military action in Syria . They said Labour would be asking the MoD to make a statement on the subject to MPs in parliament on Monday .
“ The programme to embed personnel with allies is extremely valuable to the development of our armed forces but the government needs to be transparent about the role they play , ” the spokesperson said .
One of Labour 's leadership hopefuls , Andy Burnham , said they would not rule out giving their backing to British airstrikes in Syria in future , but that it was important that “ the will of parliament must override and be upheld at all times ” .
Speaking on Sky News , Burnham said the government needed to “ proceed cautiously and responsibly ” . They said it should learn the lessons of the past where Britain staged military intervention “ without perhaps the right evidence and the right justification ” .
Tim Farron , the new leader of the Liberal Democrats , said the UK air strikes in Syria would “ play into the hands ” of Islamist militants waging jihad in the wartorn country and neighbouring Iraq .
They told Sky News on Friday morning : “ My sense is that here , in the Isis-occupied territories of Syria and Iraq , for the UK and the US to be seen to be directly involved – particularly in Syria – just plays into the hands of the Islamic fundamentalists who abuse Islam and indeed murder so many Muslims and so many other people in and around their territories . Let 's not play into their hands . ”
Farron , who replaced Nick Clegg as Lib Dem leader on Thursday , added that British military strikes in Syria were “ done with our name therefore should be done with our approval ” and that western countries should be much more cautious about launching military interventions after Tony Blair 's “ outrageous ” war in Iraq .
This post may contain affiliate links which may compensate us based on your interaction . Please read the disclosures for more information .
I 've wanted to write this post for a long time , but was never sure how to begin . So I 'll begin where it feels right and hopefully it will all make sense to both of us at some point . I mentioned my friend that was diagnosed with cancer in the post entitled One Disaster Away a few months ago . Please read that post to understand and fully grasp the balance of this post . Go on , I 'll wait .
For the impatient readers like me , I 'll provide a brief synopsis : my coworker was diagnosed with stage 3 lung cancer and did not have the financial means to support themselves through this disease . My office rallied around them and provided financial assistance for them though our own personal resources . Well , my co-worker died on March 1 , 2011 . Their name was Raymond , and they were my friend .
I did n't write this post for months because , quite frankly , I did n't know what I wanted to say , but they have influenced this blog and my writing for a few months . When I wrote about the importance of fathers , I thought of Ray . When I wrote about life insurance , I thought of Ray . There are a few people that cross your path in life that will influence you in ways that you could never imagine when you first meet . Ray was that person for me . I called them Raymundo , and they called me “ big sis ” no matter that they were 20 years my senior .
My office supports a program that helps to rehabilitate and reintroduce low level offenders back into society . These are usually people with drug problem that are otherwise non-violent offenders . They believe in giving people a leg up so that they do not end up back in jail . Raymond came to us through this program . They were supposed to gain some exposure to an office environment , work for up to 2 years , and leave with work experience and a decent job to put on a resume . Raymond instead made the job their own . Raymond greeted everyone with a big boisterous “ hello , ” always happy to greet someone coming through the door . Whenever it was someone 's birthday they would ever so embarrassingly sing the Stevie Wonder version of “ Happy Birthday ” to you , however off-key it was . They became , in a word , family to me .
I taught them how to open a checking account , how to pay their bills , helped them search for an apartment , gave them advice on their new found love life and generally chatted with them about reintegrating back into society . They taught me how to give . I mean to genuinely give of yourself not because it was expected of you , but because you wanted to and giving enriched your own life . They volunteered with at-risk youth teaching them how to play basketball , they helped to clean parks and made themselves available to do anything that anyone needed help with .
When they were diagnosed with cancer they had no clue what to do . They were barely sustaining himself , getting by on a week-to-week basis . As I mentioned , we all rallied around him , putting money together to take care of them while we hoped they recovered , but a select group of us knew that the chances were incredibly slim that they would recover . From the very beginning of their diagnosis I steeled myself for their death . When the time came for them to move into a hospice I became their advocate . I visited them every single weekend , bringing them food , puzzles , news of their favorite basketball teams , and generally , company . We all did . One of the attendants stopped me in the hallway one week to ask if they were someone important because they received so many visitors of all races , all the time . Of course , I had to say yes . They were certainly important to me .
I was n't the nicest person to the people at the hospice when I thought that they were not being treated well . Cancer slowly robs you of who you are and they did not have the strength to fight for himself . Since they had no close family , we fought for him . We fought for better treatment , better conditions and most importantly , that they be treated with the dignity and respect that they deserved . The fact that they were in a state-run hospice should not have mattered to anyone whose job it was to make them comfortable in their final days .
As it became apparent that the end was near I continued seeing him , but found it harder and harder to do each week . It is incredibly hard to literally watch someone slowly die in front of you , but I felt that I owed it to them and to myself to see them through the end . It seemed so unfair to me that someone who had worked hard to turn their life completely around should die alone , but I knew that I could not and would not blame myself if I did n't make it through to their final week .
The last time that I saw them alive , I knew that it would be the final time for me . I snapped a photo to remind me of my friend and told them good-bye as I walked out the room . No hysterics , no drama , no show . I was at peace with my decision to not return . Please do n't judge , but when I was told that they had passed away , I said a silent thank you because their suffering was over…and suffer they did . This big , booming , basketball playing man had dropped from roughly 210 pounds down to about 90 pounds . They were in constant pain and every single breath that they took hurt . Their pain then was over , and I was happy for their release .
As expected , their very non-existent family popped up out of the woodwork once they died . Guess what they were after ? Yep , money . We found it hilarious that they were looking for money as we helped their girlfriend of about a year plan their funeral . I absolutely refused to give them one single penny of the money that my co-workers had donated to help Raymond . Help to me extended into death since Raymond did not have life insurance and their family was unable to pay for a funeral . We , their coworkers , paid for their entire funeral from the coffin to the flowers . All their family had to do ( after at least 10 phone calls asking about money , life insurance policies , jewelry , etc . ) was show up .
Now , why am I telling you this story ? Two weeks ago when I asked a few personal finance blogger friends what they would do if they suddenly inherited $ 1 million , many of them listed donations to charity . It never even occurred to me to give to charity when I wrote how I would spend $ 1 million . It was n't until someone else pointed it out that I realized that I had completely left out charity . But for me , charity is much less about cutting a check – which is important , believe me – than it is about random acts of kindness that can change someone 's life that may or may not involve money .
Last week on the Long Island Railroad there was a very tall , very skinny , very hungry looking kid on the train standing in front of the bathroom . As their eyes flitted from left to right looking around , I realized that they were trying to figure out where the conductor was so that they could duck into the bathroom and hope that the conductor passed by without collecting a ticket from him . Well , they timed it wrong because they came out of the bathroom just as the conductor was passing by . I was close enough to hear the conductor asked for a ticket and the kid say that they did n't have one . “ Then that will be $ 11 , ” the conductor said . But , of course , the kid did not have the money . What usually happens in these cases is one of two things : 1 ) you hand over your ID and get a written summons in the mail or 2 ) the police meet you a next stop and write you up a ticket for failure to pay .
Now , as I sat there watching this unfolds I felt like I knew that kid . Oh , I did n't know them personally , but I felt like I had been them at one point in time . I reached into my bag , pulled out a spare ticket , handed it to the conductor and asked if that ticket would cover their fare . “ You better thank the nice lady , ” the conductor said , as they walked away . The kid , ashamed , head down , managed to whisper a thank you as they tried to disappear back into the train wall . I did n't do it for gratitude , I did it because it was the right thing to do . It was the same to me as when Raymond died and my coworkers all expressed their gratitude for everything that I had done for Raymond . I did not know how to respond . It was something that I was compelled to do and thanks was unnecessary .
Charity for me , is a very face-to-face , one-on-one kind of thing . Yes , I do write the occasional check , but it has less of an impact to me and my life than if I know that I have really made a difference in someone 's life . A check feels so much more impersonal to me , and what lesson would I have learned from the other person 's experience ? September 11 is to be a National Day of Service . Consider not writing a check this year and instead volunteering somewhere . Your presence , your smile , your effort can make a difference in someone 's life .
This was the lesson that I learned from Raymond . They were my friend . And I miss him .
Join the newsletter Subscribe to get our latest content by email . Success ! Now check your email to confirm your subscription .
Homeland 's third season , we are sooo into you right now .
Ever since the episode featuring Brody 's ( Damian Lewis ) heroin withdrawal , arguably one of the best episodes of the season , our obsession with the Showtime drama has been dialed up to 11 . And it was n't a sudden happenstance ; we 've been on board ( again ) with Homeland ever since the episode it was revealed that Carrie ( Claire Danes ) was pregnant and Javadi ( Shaun Toub ) went all crazy and killed their daughter-in-law and ex-wife .
But we were n't exactly offboard with Homeland this season , despite a wide array of fans and critics rolling their eyes at recent twists ( Carrie planned their mental breakdown with Saul ) and huffing over the lack of Brody . What some people called `` slow episodes '' in the beginning of the season , we called a `` slow burn '' that is leading up to the final run , which will no doubt bring us back to that season-one finale feeling of `` Omigod , I overcome with anxiety , what the hell is going to happen ? ! ''
Let 's talk about the reasons why we have been loving the third season of Homeland :
CLOSE Vice President Mike Pence reportedly used a private email account to conduct public business , including homeland security matters , while they were governor of Indiana . Records of the emails were obtained by IndyStar through a public records request . Dwight Adams/IndyStar
Vice president Mike Pence spoke out on Friday , March 3 , 2016 , about their use of a private AOL email account to conduct some business while they were Indiana 's governor . They are shown here meeting with GOP lawmakers at the end of last year . ( Photo : Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images )
Vice President Mike Pence made their first public comments Friday at an event in Janesville , Wis. , in response to an IndyStar report that they had used their private AOL email account to conduct some public business when they were Indiana 's governor .
On IndyStar 's story about their email use :
`` I 'm very confident we are in full compliance with all of Indiana 's laws . And in my service as vice president . I will continue that practice . ''
On whether they now had more sympathy for Hillary Clinton regarding emails :
`` There 's no comparison whatsoever between Hillary Clinton 's practice — having a private server , misusing classified information , destroying emails when they were requested by the Congress . We have fully complied with Indiana 's laws . We had outside counsel review all of my previous email records to identify any that ever mentioned or referenced state business . ''
Emails released to IndyStar in response to a public records request show Pence communicated via their personal AOL account with top advisers on topics ranging from security gates at the governor 's residence to the state 's response to terror attacks across the globe
Cyber-security experts say the emails raise concerns about whether such sensitive information was adequately protected from hackers , given that personal accounts like Pence 's are typically less secure than government email accounts . In fact , Pence 's personal account was hacked last summer .
THE STORY : Pence used personal email for state business — and was hacked
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now , not later . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
BEHIND THE STORY : IndyStar 's long-running effort to obtain the Pence emails
SELECTED PENCE EMAILS : Here are some of Vice President Mike Pence 's AOL emails
PENCE 'S OTHER EMAIL ISSUE : Mike Pence asks Indiana Supreme Court to stay out of their redacted emails
BACK HOME : With Pence gone , fellow Republicans undo their work in Indiana
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/2lIhn81
Fish oil supplements do not seem to improve the heart health of people who are ill or prevent dementia in healthy older people , two new studies suggest .
Omega-3 fatty acid supplements — tasteless , odourless powder that usually consists of purified fish oil from sardines and anchovies — have offered the promise of health benefits .
Eating one portion of oily fish a week might be a better option than turning to supplements . ( Carlos Barria/Reuters )
Research has hinted that omega-3 fatty acids may be involved in keeping the brain 's nerve cells healthy with age , but there 's been little proof of whether they actually prevent cognitive decline and dementia .
This week 's issue of the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews includes a comparison of three high-quality trials of more than 3,500 participants , comparing the effects of omega-3 fatty acids taken in capsules or margarine spread to those of sunflower oil , olive oil or regular margarine .
`` The results of the available studies show no benefit for cognitive function with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation among cognitively healthy older people , '' Emma Sydenham at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine and their co-authors concluded .
`` Omega-3 may have other health benefits , '' they said in noting fish form an important part of a healthy diet .
`` We would still support the recommendation to eat two portions a week , including one portion of oily fish , '' said study co-author Alan Dangour , a nutritionist at the British postgraduate institute .
Despite the large number of participants , none of the studies lasted long enough to see changes in cognitive function including memory and verbal fluency among those over the age of 60 , the reviewers cautioned .
They called for longer-term studies .
Heart benefits not apparent
Tuesday 's issue of the New England Journal of Medicine includes a Canadian study that concluded omega-3 supplements showed no benefits in reducing death and disease rates among people with high blood sugar or diabetes who had had previous heart attacks , strokes or other heart problems .
Lead investigator Jackie Bosch of McMaster University in Hamilton and their colleagues randomly assigned participants to receive either a placebo or one gram of purified , prescription fish oil that contained the omega-3 fatty acids .
The 6,281 patients who got fish oil were no more or less likely to die from cardiovascular causes than the 6,255 who took sugar pills .
There were also no differences in heart attacks , strokes , hospitalizations for heart problems , stent procedures or chest pain between the two groups .
Adverse events were similar .
The dose was less than commonly prescribed and it 's still possible that the supplements could help healthier people , though that was n't investigated in this study .
The study , called ORIGIN , was designed as a diabetes trial , and the results were also presented at the American Diabetes Association 's conference in Philadelphia .
That research was sponsored by Sanofi .
For decades , China 's domestic ivory market has been one of the largest remaining in the world . Now , in a groundbreaking move , the Chinese government has announced that it will ban all ivory trade and processing by the end of 2017 .
Related Content Most Ivory for Sale Comes From Recently Killed Elephants—Suggesting Poaching Is Taking Its Toll
The international ivory trade was banned in 1989 , but domestic markets around the world have continued to make poaching and illegal trade to continue presenting a major threat to the survival of elephants around the world . For many still seeking ivory despite the damage it does to dwindling elephant populations , China has been the best place to look , with about 70 percent of the world 's ivory trade taking place within its border , the BBC reports .
But now , according to China 's State Council , starting March 31 , 2017 , waves of commercial processing and sales of ivory will begin to be shut down until a complete legal ivory trade ban is established , effective December 31 , 2017 , Reuters reports .
China has taken steps in recent years to shut down its domestic ivory trade , but that has mainly been limited to vague resolutions without specific timeframes . Not only does today 's announcement represent a big step forward for the country , but the pledge to ban the ivory trade within a year has come as a much-welcome surprise for conservation groups around the world , Timothy Cama writes for The Hill .
“ China has shown great leadership in the fight to save African elephants . Setting such an aggressive timeline to close—once and for all—the largest domestic ivory market in the world is globally significant , ” Elly Pepper , deputy director of wildlife trade for the Natural Resources Defense Council , says in a statement . “ It 's a game changer and could be the pivotal turning point that brings elephants back from the brink of extinction . Now , other countries , including the UK , must follow China 's lead and close their ivory markets . ”
China 's announcement comes at a major turning point for the giant mammals . According to groups like the Great Elephant Census , the last seven years have seen a surge in elephant deaths due to poaching . As a result , elephant populations across Africa dropped by about 33 percent , putting the giant mammals in serious jeopardy , the BBC reports .
“ No one , and I repeat , no one , has any business in trading in ivory , for this trade means death—the death of our elephants and the death of our natural heritage , ” Kenyan president Uhuru Kenyatta said earlier this year as officials incinerated hundreds of millions of dollars of elephant ivory .
While the world 's elephant population is still at risk , shuttering the world 's largest legal ivory market promises to have a big impact in the fight to save these gentle giants .
Story highlights Jackie Speier : Most cases of reported rape go untried ; only 13.5 % even reported
Speier : In 2010 , 19,000 service members raped or sexually assaulted by other members
Commanders have sole authority whether to investigate or issue punishment , they writes
Speier : Victims deserve an impartial investigation and cases tried in a military court
Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta has announced new initiatives to curtail what they call `` the epidemic '' of rape and sexual assaults in our armed forces . In 2010 , an estimated 19,000 service members were raped or sexually assaulted by other service members . Clearly , more resources devoted to counseling for victims and training for prosecutors and judges will help .
But the incidence of unpunished rapes will continue and so will the damaging effects these illegal acts have on troop morale and preparedness . This epidemic requires an overhaul of the military justice system .
The military 's chain of command structure keeps most cases of rape and sexual assault from reaching the prosecution level . According to a Defense Department study , only 8 % of sexual assailants are referred to military court , compared with 40 % of similar offenders prosecuted in the civilian court system . The case of Army Spc . Andrea Neutzling of Ohio is a sad testimony to a justice system gone wrong .
According to Neutzling , in 2002 , while serving in South Korea , they were sexually assaulted by an intoxicated soldier they knew . They reported the assault to their commander , who gave the assailant a slap on the wrist punishment of five days of base restriction . Three years later in New Jersey , preparing for deployment to Iraq with a military police unit , they were again assaulted by a fellow soldier . Fearing nothing would happen if they reported the attack , Neutzling instead kept the incident to herself .
A month later in Iraq , they said they were raped by two soldiers who threatened to beat them if they struggled . Although they suffered serious bodily injuries from the rape , they chose not to report it ; instead they slept on a cot with their rifle pointed toward the door for the first few days after the attack .
Soon , the chaplain was told about the attack by a woman in Neutzling 's unit who reported that the perpetrators were showing a video of the rape to others . But their chaplain did n't believe her , later telling Neutzling , `` You do n't act like a rape victim . ''
The commander said it was a `` they said , they said '' situation , and because they were married at the time of the incident , they threatened to charge them with adultery . The men who raped Neutzling were never charged , investigated or penalized .
JUST WATCHED 'Epidemic ' of rape in the U.S. military Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Epidemic ' of rape in the U.S. military 03:56
In the current military chain of command structure , Neutzling 's commander and staff sergeant did nothing wrong . Commanders can decide whether to investigate and issue virtually any punishment or , in this case , no punishment at all -- they have complete authority and discretion over how a degrading and violent assault is handled .
Marine Cpl . Sarah Albertson suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder , but not because of their service in Falluja , Iraq . According to Albertson , they were raped at a California base by a fellow Marine who outranked them When they reported the assault to their commander , they were ordered to keep quiet and to continue following their assailant 's orders . The rapist was promoted , but they lost their security clearance and subsequently left the Marines .
Albertson and Neutzling are two of 28 plaintiffs in a lawsuit against former secretaries of state Donald Rumsfeld and Robert Gates that accuses the military of failing to prevent or prosecute instances of rape and sexual assault .
In the U.S. military , a woman is more likely to be raped by a co-worker than killed by the enemy . The epidemic infects every branch of the armed services , includes female and male victims , and extends to the military academies , which reported that 520 cadets and midshipmen experienced unwanted sexual contact during the 2009-2010 academic year .
Male service members are not immune to rape or sexual assault . In a 2010 survey of 14,000 active-duty service men , 126 anonymously reported unwanted sexual contact by a male or female co-worker in the past 12 months .
A more disturbing statistic speaks to the distrust that servicemen and women have in the military 's ability to investigate and fairly prosecute alleged rapists and perpetrators of sexual assault . Only 13.5 % of victims actually report the crimes .
Victims deserve an impartial investigation and the opportunity to have perpetrators tried in a military court of law . My bill , the STOP Act ( H.R . 3435 ) , takes complete authority and discretion out of the hands of commanders and gives that authority to objective experts .
The bipartisan STOP Act creates a new office of oversight and response to handle all possible cases of rape and sexual assault in the military , enabling unbiased personnel to determine the appropriate path of action for each report . The office would be housed in the Department of Defense and staffed by civilian and military experts trained to manage investigations of sexual assault .
My proposal is not unique to modern defense forces . Several of our closest allies have instituted meaningful reforms to manage cases of rape and sexual assault in their military .
The United Kingdom has largely transferred authority in military sexual assault cases to independent , impartial civilian personnel . Australia and Canada allow aggrieved service men and women to lodge complaints and access external agencies . All three countries strive to keep their internal military adjudication process independent from the influence of the military chain of command . We need to do the same .
`` I think what the authors of the ( 25th ) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown , an inability to function in office . ''
A Democratic lawmaker who disapproves of President Donald Trump recently suggested the 25th Amendment to the Constitution could provide a solution .
`` POTUS is showing signs of erratic behavior and mental instability that place the country in grave danger , '' Rep. Jackie Speier , D-Calif. , tweeted on Aug. 15 . `` Time to invoke the 25th Amendment . ''
POTUS is showing signs of erratic behavior and mental instability that place the country in grave danger . Time to invoke the 25th Amendment . — Jackie Speier ( @ RepSpeier ) August 16 , 2017
But not all Democrats see the 25th amendment as an appropriate way of responding to Trump .
Asked whether they think it should be used against Trump , Rep. Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , said the amendment does not apply to present circumstances .
`` I think what the authors of the ( 25th ) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown , an inability to function in office , '' Schiff said Aug. 20 on CNN 's State of the Union . `` I think we 're still far from concluding that that 's the case , even though we find , many of us , their conduct anathema and there to be a serious problem here . ''
For this fact-check , we wanted to know if Schiff 's reading of the amendment 's origins is right . We 're not going to weigh in on whether Trump 's actions or mental state fit the criteria for presidential disability .
What does the 25th Amendment say ?
The 25th Amendment , added to the Constitution in 1967 , sought to resolve several thorny issues of presidential and vice presidential power . It creates a succession plan for when these top two positions go vacant . It also allows the president to declare themselves unable to fulfill their duties and transfer power to the vice president .
However , we 're mostly interested in the 25th Amendment 's fourth and final section , which allows someone other than the president to make a finding of presidential disability .
Section four authorizes the vice president and a majority of the Cabinet , or another body as determined by lawmakers , to declare a president `` unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office . '' Doing so would then elevate the vice president to the position of acting president .
The president can restore their powers by declaring that no inability exists . However , the same body that initially transferred power to the vice president can respond by essentially doubling down on their declaration that the president is unable to discharge their duties .
Then , if Congress , by a two-thirds vote in both the House and Senate , agrees that the president is unable to serve , the vice president continues to act as president . Such a move could permanently strip a president of their powers — hence , why some legal analysts refer to section four as the `` involuntary removal mechanism . ''
What did the authors intend ?
The push for Congress to formalize a blueprint for handling presidential disability gained traction after President John F. Kennedy 's assassination on Nov. 22 , 1963 ( though lawmakers had first considered it much earlier in American history ) .
`` The assassination of President Kennedy ... produced a flurry of additional proposals dealing with the subject , '' John D. Feerick wrote in a 1995 article in the Wake Forest Law Review . `` These proposals were influenced by the sense at that time that , if Kennedy had lived , the country would have had to deal with the problem of presidential inability in a most tragic setting . ''
As congressional hearings unfolded , little controversy surrounded the amendment 's first three sections , according to Feerick . Perhaps unsurprisingly , the real debate centered on when someone other than the president could declare them or them to be incapacitated .
The amendment 's principal author , Sen. Birch Bayh , D.-Ind. , embraced an understanding that presidential inability would encompass both physical and mental inability , said Joel Goldstein , a law professor at St. Louis University , who 's closely studied the congressional record .
The formulation they adopted was put forth by Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , D-N.Y. , who said presidential inability `` involves physical or mental inability to make or communicate their decision regarding their capacity and physical or mental inability to exercise the powers and duties of their office . ''
Another important architect of the amendment , Rep. Richard Poff , R-Va. , held a similar view , according to Goldstein .
Poff said section four not only applied when the president , due to accident or illness , was unconscious or otherwise unable to make or communicate a decision , but also when `` the President , by reason of mental debility , is unable or unwilling to make any rational decision , including particularly the decision to stand aside . ''
On July 6 , 1965 , Congress formally proposed the 25th Amendment , and the necessary 38 states ratified it Feb. 10 , 1967 .
Legal experts told us the drafters used intentionally vague and open-ended language ( i.e. , a president who is `` unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office . '' ) because they recognized they could n't predict every scenario in which a president could be deemed disabled .
But despite the definition 's fuzziness , Goldstein said `` the record makes clear that section four was not intended as a means of removing the president simply because they or they make an unpopular decision . ''
So did Schiff 's claim that the authors intended to cover physical incapacitation , serious mental illness and a general an inability to function , hit the mark ?
`` I think he 's right , as far as a one-sentence summary could have it , '' said Brian Kalt , a law professor at Michigan State University . `` They made the process and the terms flexible , but that was what they were mainly thinking of . ''
Our ruling
Schiff said , `` I think what the authors of the ( 25th ) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown , an inability to function in office . ''
The framers used deliberately broad language to allow for flexibility . But the record clearly shows they intended section four of the 25th Amendment to apply when a president is `` unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office '' due to either physical or mental inability , and not principally as a strategy for ousting an unpopular president .
We rate Schiff 's statement True .
It 's been six years since Edward Smith Fatu , better known to wrestling fans as Umaga passed away . They had worked in WWE as part of 3 Minute Warning previously but it was when they made their debut as Umaga that people really started to take notice . Shortly after their debut Umaga was established as a force to be reckoned with and their manager Armanda Alejandro Estrada proved to be a perfect fit for their act .
Umaga dominated the WWE roster in an impressive fashion which eventually led to a WWE Championship shot against John Cena at the New Year 's Revolution pay-per-view . Cena won the match and Umaga challenged them again for the belt at the Royal Rumble in a Last Man Standing match but they were unsuccessful when it came to defeating Cena .
Umaga moved on to big things after that creating one of their most memorable moments . They were selected by Vince McMahon to represent them in the Battle of the Billionaires at WrestleMania 23 and they faced Bobby Lashley who was representing Donald Trump . Umaga lost the match causing Vince McMahon to have their head shaved which is a moment that 's still talked about to this day .
Umaga had many great feuds and many great matches . They were certainly underrated as a performer as they were one of the most unique WWE Superstars to ever step foot in the ring . Umaga was a big man , who was a powerhouse but also happened to be very agile . Unfortunately they were taken from the world at the age of 36 and the official cause of death was acute toxicity due to combined effects of hydrocodone , carisoprodol , and diazepam .
So on this day we look back on Umaga 's career as we try to honor him . Take a second out of your day to watch one of their matches on the WWE Network . Take a second to look back on some of their career highlights because the man may be gone but their legacy lives on .
What a week it has been for Stephen Thompson.Having watched Tyron Woodley win the UFC welterweight belt after beating Robbie Lawler last Saturday night , the legitimate number # 1 contender has been cast aside by the new champion who announced within 30-minutes of their win that they were only after 'money fights'.Suffice to say , Thompson has not been too happy since hearing this news and speaking on the Sam Alvey Pound-For-Pound podcast last evening , they recalled how Daniel Cormier and Dominick Cruz had been encouraging them to 'call them out ' the winner . `` I was fairly nervous because I knew I wanted to call out the winner but I was n't sure how I was going to do it , '' Thompson said . `` I was getting more nervous and more nervous as the time went on because it was getting close to the time and I was n't really sure who was going to win . `` I 'm not a confrontational guy at all , I hate it actually . But , when you got Dominick Cruz and Cormier in your ear saying 'you got to call this guy out ' saying this is the time man , this is your time to call them out ' I was like 'stop it , leave me alone I 'm figuring it out ' . I then ended up saying it and I sounded like a goober calling them out because I 'm not a mean guy . `` I was just like 'hey man what do you think about you and me in Maddison Square Garden ' and then they were like , Nah man , no , I want a money fight . `` Of course , this was n't something that pleased Thompson and they made it known just how surprised and disgusted they were with the new champion . `` In my head , I was laughing like 'Are you kidding me ? ' '' Thompson said . `` You literally have had the belt around your waist for thirty minutes and you 're telling the number one contender 'no ' and that you want a money fight ? If it was like your fourth fight or if you had defended it a few times then maybe right but now ? `` It upset me you know and then Cormier is like looking at me like 'you got ta call them out again , you got ta bring it back , I 'll feed it back to you ' . It then goes back on Cormier and he 's making sparks fly and oh my goodness -- it was fun though . `` Thompson then laid out why they believed that they were worthy of the next title shot above anyone else in the welterweight division . `` I believe I 've earned it more than anyone in the division , '' Thompson said . `` Especially after all the stuff they went through after their last fight . They were the number four ranked guy in the division and they then waited 18-months saying ' I deserve it , I deserve it , I deserve it ' . There 's no one else in the division than myself . I think I did what the fans wanted and what the UFC wanted they just tells me flat no . `` Some people say that they did n't deserve that shot but they got it anyway , Robbie gave it to him . I dunno man , it 's crazy . `` Thompson then said what they would 've done if they were in Woodley 's shoes and unsurprisingly , they were adamant that the legitimate number # 1 contender should be the next in line . `` I 'm in the business to be the best fighter , '' Thompson said . `` The money is a bonus thing for and if I was in their situation it would be the guy most deserving in the division . I 'm here to face the best guys and my Dad can vouch for me that I 'm a straight up guy and that I want to do things the right way . `` You 're the champion and there 's a number one guy there for a reason -- so that 's the guy that you got to face . You defend that belt a few times and then perhaps we can talk about a money fight . That 's what I believe . Fighting honorably and doing the right thing is what it 's all about . That 's what martial arts is all about . ''
– By Jeff Monahan After two years of grassroots activism , the BADidas campaign is finally resolved . In the wake of the factory collapse in Bangladesh , this shows that activism can force companies to take responsibility for their supply chains . The camp …
– By Jeff Monahan
After two years of grassroots activism , the BADidas campaign is finally resolved . In the wake of the factory collapse in Bangladesh , this shows that activism can force companies to take responsibility for their supply chains .
The campaign began when PT Kizone , an Indonesian factory , failed to pay workers in September 2010 and eventually went bankrupt in April 2011 after its owner fled the country and the factory 's buying agent could not maintain the business . Nike , Adidas , and the Dallas Cowboys each had products manufactured there .
When the factory closed , it still owed $ 3.3 million to over 2,700 garment workers . Nike and the Cowboys made partial contributions towards the balance . It made sense : they had extremely deep pockets and their business model of outsourcing the labor was the reason PT Kizone was in operation in the first place . Adidas was not so understanding .
The company refused to make any payments . It claimed that its relationship with PT Kizone ended six months before it closed , and that assuming severance payments for its subcontractor was “ against Adidas 's policy . ”
Thankfully , the United Students Against Sweatshops took action . USAS is a youth-lead labor organization with representation at over 150 campuses . They are able to hold multi-national companies like Adidas accountable because they value universities as clients . It was a convenient campaign : Adidas pays millions and millions to collegiate athletics programs each year . When USAS got seventeen schools to terminate contracts with Adidas and others to issue an ultimatum , Adidas finally gave in and paid $ 1.8 million to the garment workers .
Congratulations are first due to the workers and their admirable display of solidarity ( you can your name to the letter to former PT Kizone workers here ) . Their ability to organize and create a louder voice is exactly what we advocate at Union Solidarity International . Second , congratulations to USAS on a successful campaign . Their nationwide efforts on dozens and dozens of campuses made the difference and they deserve recognition for what they accomplished . Beyond the success , however , are four other things we can learn from the BADidas story :
1 ) Small and young organizations can make a huge difference . The USAS was formed just sixteen years ago and has since initiated precedent-setting campaigns . The fact that their presence has affected major National Collegiate Atheltic Association universities and sponsors at a relatively young age is both impressive and promising for future movements as well .
2 ) The imbalance in the global economies is eye opening . The 2,700+ PT Kizone workers got an average of around $ 650 ( US ) each from Adidas . They were earning $ .60 per hour , so it would have taken each worker about 1,100 hours to earn their wage . If we assume a typical ( for us privileged Americans ) forty-hour work week , that is twenty-seven weeks ' worth of pay , but we all know those workers were forced to work wayyy more than forty hours per week . Even considering the full $ 3.3 million they were owed , that 's only about $ 1,100 per worker , and they were probably the sole provider for their family . Can you imagine supporting children on that wage ? It 's hard to argue against outsourcing labor when it is so cheap , but it is important not to lose sight of the standard of life our brothers in other countries are faced with .
3 ) Big universities are held hostage by their lucrative contracts . The University of Michigan 's ( my alma matter ) current agreement with Adidas will pay it $ 60 million . Wisconsin is another prominent university with a large Adidas contract . Neither was willing to cancel its contract with the supplier like smaller budget schools were . Why ? Money , money , money . What a shame . Neither can afford to lose that revenue , but smaller schools whose athletic programs are less of a focus are willing to commit themselves to challenging Adidas ' exploitive practices . It is ironic that the most powerful are the least likely to exert their power .
4 ) Similar issues probably goes unnoticed too often . It is easier to draw attention to issues like PT Kizone because beneficiaries like prominent NCAA universities are in the public eye and will draw widespread criticism if no action is taken . But there are still many instances that go unnoticed , and sometimes the workers are denied more than fair pay . We hope that our efforts at Union Solidarity International will improve global knowledge of human rights whether large , public companies like Adidas are involved or not .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
Employee killed in robbery at Lee 's Discount Liquor store ; witness identified
The Lee 's Discount Liquor store employee had their hands in the air ; they were complying with the armed assailants ; they did not try to flee or fight back , according to Metro Police .
The man also did not have access to the store 's safe ; they were gunned down Monday night “ execution style , ” Metro Lt. Dan McGrath said .
Three gunmen are seen on surveillance video storming into the store , at 8785 W. Warm Springs Road near Durango Drive , about 9:45 p.m. , McGrath said . Two had their weapons drawn .
They were seen running out of the store about three minutes later , leaving behind a gravely wounded man with multiple gunshot wounds , McGrath said in a news conference at the store 's shopping center parking lot Tuesday afternoon .
The man , only described as being about 25 years old , died at University Medical Center hours after they were shot , McGrath said .
Investigators were trying to identify the men , as well as a woman , initially described as a `` person of interest , '' shown on the video .
The woman was at the cash register paying for items when the robbers came in and ordered them out of the store , police said . They contacted detectives and `` is no longer being sought in connection with this incident and is now only considered a witness , '' police said Wednesday .
The men ran out with an undisclosed amount of cash as well as the victim 's wallet and cellphone , McGrath said . They are seen running west before they disappear from the video .
During the news conference , Clark County District Attorney Steven Wolfson called on anyone who knows anything about the shooting to come forward . They termed the incident an `` execution murder … a stupid , stupid murder . ''
Police think the men went into the liquor store intending only to rob it , then became frustrated when they lacked access to the safe , McGrath said .
Two other employees who were in the store were cooperating with investigators , as was the store 's owner , McGrath said .
McGrath did not disclose details about what happened during the robbery but said there was an exchange of words .
`` Our family and team members are deeply saddened by last night 's tragedy , '' Hae Un Lee , the liquor store chain 's owner , said on Twitter . `` We pledge our support to law enforcement in bringing the assailants to justice . Most importantly , we pledge our support and condolences to the family in the sudden loss of their son . ''
Grieving people , who declined comment , gathered about 2:45 p.m. Tuesday in front of the store , where a single white flower and an apple had been placed . More people arrived later and added flower bouquets to the memorial .
The three robbers were described as black men in their 20s .
The first two stands about 6 feet and weigh about 180 pounds . One wore a white zip-up hooded sweatshirt over a gray hoodie with the gray hood pulled over their head . They also wore gray sweatpants and dark high-top athletic shoes with a white design . They had a gun .
The second robber wore a black hooded sweatshirt with a red “ UNLV ” design , police said . They wore red shoes and jeans .
The third robber stands between 5 feet , 8 inches and 6 feet . They weigh between 240 and 260 pounds and was seen wearing a “ greenish ” hooded sweatshirt . They were armed with a long-barreled revolver .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Metro at 702-828-3521 or [ email protected ] To remain anonymous , contact Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555 and crimestoppersofnv.com .
Humans often make bad decisions . If you like Snickers more than Milky Way , it seems obvious which candy bar you 'd pick , given a choice of the two . Traditional economic models follow this logical intuition , suggesting that people assign a value to each choice — say , Snickers : 10 , Milky Way : 5 — and select the top scorer . But our decision-making system is subject to glitches .
In one recent experiment , Paul Glimcher , a neuroscientist at New York University , and collaborators asked people to choose among a variety of candy bars , including their favorite — say , a Snickers . If offered a Snickers , a Milky Way and an Almond Joy , participants would always choose the Snickers . But if they were offered 20 candy bars , including a Snickers , the choice became less clear . They would sometimes pick something other than the Snickers , even though it was still their favorite . When Glimcher would remove all the choices except the Snickers and the selected candy , participants would wonder why they had n't chosen their favorite .
Economists have spent more than 50 years cataloging irrational choices like these . Nobel Prizes have been earned ; millions of copies of Freakonomics have been sold . But economists still are n't sure why they happen . “ There had been a real cottage industry in how to explain them and lots of attempts to make them go away , ” said Eric Johnson , a psychologist and co-director of the Center for Decision Sciences at Columbia University . But none of the half-dozen or so explanations are clear winners , they said .
In the last 15 to 20 years , neuroscientists have begun to peer directly into the brain in search of answers . “ Knowing something about how information is represented in the brain and the computational principles of the brain helps you understand why people make decisions how they do , ” said Angela Yu , a theoretical neuroscientist at the University of California , San Diego .
Glimcher is using both the brain and behavior to try to explain our irrationality . They have combined results from studies like the candy bar experiment with neuroscience data — measurements of electrical activity in the brains of animals as they make decisions — to develop a theory of how we make decisions and why that can lead to mistakes .
Glimcher has been one of the driving forces in the still young field of neuroeconomics . Their theory merges far-reaching research in brain activity , neuronal networks , fMRI and human behavior . “ He 's famous for arguing that neuroscience and economics should be brought together , ” said Nathaniel Daw , a neuroscientist at Princeton University . One of Glimcher 's most important contributions , Daw said , has been figuring out how to quantify abstract notions such as value and study them in the lab .
In a new working paper , Glimcher and their co-authors — Kenway Louie , also of NYU , and Ryan Webb of the University of Toronto — argue that their neuroscience-based model outperforms standard economic theory at explaining how people behave when faced with lots of choices . “ The neural model , described in biology and tested in neurons , works well to describe something economists could n't explain , ” Glimcher said .
At the core of the model lies the brain 's insatiable appetite . The brain is the most metabolically expensive tissue in the body . It consumes 20 percent of our energy despite taking up only 2 to 3 percent of our mass . Because neurons are so energy-hungry , the brain is a battleground where precision and efficiency are opponents . Glimcher argues that the costs of boosting our decision-making precision outweigh the benefits . Thus we 're left to be confounded by the choices of the modern American cereal aisle .
Glimcher 's proposal has attracted interest from both economists and neuroscientists , but not everyone is sold . “ I think it 's exciting but at this point remains a hypothesis , ” said Camillo Padoa-Schioppa , a neuroscientist at Washington University in St. Louis . Neuroeconomics is still a young field ; scientists do n't even agree on what part of the brain makes decisions , let alone how .
So far , Glimcher has shown that their theory works under specific conditions , like those of the candy bar experiment . They aim to expand that range , searching for other Freakonomics-esque mistakes and using them to test their model . “ We are aiming for a grand unified theory of choice , ” they said .
Divide and Conquer
The brain is a power-hungry organ ; neurons are constantly sending each other information in the form of electrical pulses , known as spikes or action potentials . Just as with an electrical burst , prepping and firing these signals take a lot of energy .
In the 1960s , scientists proposed that the brain dealt with this challenge by encoding information as efficiently as possible , a model called the efficient coding hypothesis . It predicts that neurons will encode data using the fewest possible spikes , just as communication networks strive to transmit information in the fewest bits .
In the late 1990s and early 2000s , scientists showed that this principle is indeed at work in the visual system . The brain efficiently encodes the visual world by ignoring predictable information and focusing on the surprising stuff . If one part of a wall is yellow , chances are the rest is also yellow , and neurons can gloss over the details of that section . But a giant red splotch on the wall is unexpected , and neurons will pay special attention to it .
Glimcher proposes that the brain 's decision-making machinery works the same way . Imagine a simple decision-making scenario : a monkey choosing between two cups of juice . For simplicity 's sake , assume the monkey 's brain represents each choice with a single neuron . The more attractive the choice is , the faster the neuron fires . The monkey then compares neuron-firing rates to make their selection .
The first thing the experimenter does is present the monkey with an easy choice : a teaspoon of yummy juice versus an entire jug . The teaspoon neuron might fire one spike per second while the jug neuron fires 100 spikes per second . In that case , it 's easy to tell the difference between the two options ; one neuron sounds like a ticking clock , the other the beating wings of a dragonfly .
The situation gets muddled when the monkey is then offered the choice between a full jug of juice and one that 's nearly full . A neuron might represent that newest offer with 80 spikes per second . It 's much more challenging for the monkey to distinguish between a neuron firing 80 spikes per second and 100 spikes per second . That 's like telling the difference between the dragonfly 's flutter and the hum of a locust .
Glimcher proposes that the brain avoids this problem by recalibrating the scale to best represent the new choice . The neuron representing the almost-full jug — now the worst of the two choices — scales down to a much lower firing rate . Once again it 's easy for the monkey to differentiate between the two choices .
Glimcher 's model , based on an earlier model known as divisive normalization , spells out the math behind this recalibration process . It proposes that neurons can send more efficient messages if they encode in their sequence of spikes only the relative differences among the choices . “ Choice sets have a lot of shared information ; they are not random and independent , ” Glimcher said . “ Normalization is sucking out redundant information so that the information coming out is as relevant as possible , wasting as little energy as possible. ” They note that engineers , who are used to working with adaptive systems , are n't surprised by this idea . But people who study choice often are .
According to Daw , “ What 's great about divisive normalization is that it takes these principles we know from vision and applies them to value in ways that make sense but are out of the box . ”
The juice example above is theoretical , but Glimcher and collaborators have recorded electrical activity from monkeys ' brains as they make different kinds of choices . These studies show that decision-making neurons behave as the model predicts . If scientists increase the value of one choice , the equivalent of swapping out a so-so Milky Way with a delicious Snickers , the neurons representing that choice increase their firing rate . ( Scientists had already known about this pattern . )
If you increase the value of the other choices — king-size the non-Snickers options , which decreases the relative value of the Snickers — the model predicts that its firing rate should go down . Glimcher and collaborators have shown that neurons in part of the brain called the parietal cortex do indeed behave this way , adding physiological support for the model . “ The divisive normalization function did a superb job of describing the data in all conditions , ” Glimcher said . “ It supports the idea that neurons are doing something identical to , or darn close to , divisive normalization . ”
The system works well most of the time . But just like the temporary blindness we experience when exiting a dark movie theater into bright sunlight , our decision-making machinery can sometimes be overwhelmed . That may be particularly true with the staggering variety of choices we 're often faced with in the modern world . Glimcher and collaborators use these types of mistakes to test their model . The researchers are now examining whether these same algorithms can predict human error in other scenarios in which people tend to make poor choices .
Make or break as teachers ' strike enters third week
The crippling strike by hundreds of thousands of public school teachers enters a critical week with the Government and unions required to report progress in talks to the Industrial Court Monday . This morning the Government and the Kenya Union of Post Primary Education Teachers ( Kuppet ) , representing 47,000 members , will finalisean agreement reached on Friday for filing with the court . But the standoff with the Kenya National Union of Teachers ( Knut ) , representing more than 250,000 teachers , appears far from over after talks collapsed dramatically last week .
SEE ALSO : KNUT ditches TUC-Ke for COTU
This was after the Government insisted that Knut must first call off the strike , which enters the third week Monday , prior to negotiations . Sunday , Knut chairperson Wilson Sossion said they were yet to receive official invitation from Government for further talks . “ We have the interest to have things done to the benefit of all parties but we have not received any formal invitation for a meeting with government over the dispute , ” Sossion told The Standard the on telephone Sunday . Sossion denied reports that they led other union officials to a meeting with Government officials led by Labour Secretary Kazungu Kambi over the weekend at a Nairobi hotel . “ We did not meet with Government officials over the weekend . Those are lies being peddled , ” they said , referring to newspaper reports of informal talks .
SEE ALSO : Teachers support bid to create new posts in executive to foster unity
On Thursday , President Uhuru Kenyatta urged teachers to return to the negotiating table and pledged to hire 10,000 more teachers into the bargain . This morning , Kuppet officials are expected to hold talks with the Teachers Service Commission ( TSC ) , Salaries and Remuneration Commission ( SRC ) and ministries of Education , Labour and National Treasury . The highlight of the meeting is the signing of the agreement that will be deposited at the Industrial Court on July 15 . The Kuppet deal will see harmonisation of commuter , responsibility and medical allowances with those paid to civil servants and implementation of Special Needs Schools ' allowances . “ We have been invited to a meeting tomorrow at TSC to compute and sign the agreement that will be deposited at the Industrial Court in a week 's time as directed , ” said the Kuppet Secretary General Akello Misori . Misori accused Knut of misleading teachers by turning the fight for their welfare into a contest for membership . This was in reference to press reports of Kuppet members , apparently angered by their national officials ' decision to suspend the strike , decamping to Knut . “ Knut panicked after we called a strike , engaged the Government for talks and came out with a deal to benefit teachers . They have been engaging in dirty tricks and propaganda , ” said Misori . “ They are lying to the public during the day that they are not talking with Government yet they go to look for Government officials at night , ” Misori claimed . Last Monday Justice Linet Ndolo ordered all teachers to report to duty and directed their unions to start negotiations with TSC . Parties were directed to file a report on the deliberations in court by Monday . Knut has defied the court directive saying they were yet to be served with court papers . The TSC has since moved to the Industrial Court seeking to have Knut officials jailed for contempt of court and have Sh10,000 docked from the salaries of striking teachers . TSC has frozen teachers ' June salaries . Sunday , a former Kuppet secretary general Njeru Kanyamba accused the union of misleading its members by calling a strike without the blessings of National Governing Council . “ We want these officials prosecuted for declaring an illegal strike . The strike begun before the National Governing Council was held , ” they explained . Kanyamba explained that they were not interested in reclaiming their position at the union but was concerned with the “ bad state of affairs ” at the union they helped found . “ I am not fighting to go back to Kuppet , but I feel pain when I see a union being destroyed by greed , ” Kanyamba said.He added that the increasing number of members decamping to rival Knut is as a result of the manner in which Kuppet handled the strike . “ I would like to register my disappointment with the manner in which the union 's national officials have handled the latest strike . They do not in the very least understand the rules governing trade unions , ” they stated . They claimed the national officials have been running the union without a valid constitution “ We came up with a constitution in 2010 but it was not gazetted as required by law . I did not stay in the union long enough to validate the constitution , ” they explained . But Kuppet officials led by national chairperson Omboko Milemba told a press conference in Nairobi that Kanyamba was not a member of the union having been removed from office three years ago . “ Kanyamba is currently an employee of Knut . They should be dismissed with the contempt they deserve , ” Milemba They said Knut was using dirty tricks to depict Kuppet as losing members in a bid to weaken the competition .
Photo : RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly
St John staff who are members of the First Union started a three month partial strike from Christmas Day , after collective agreement negotiations continued to break down .
The union 's spokesperson Jared Abbott said they received confirmation of the withdrawal from the Employment Relations Authority today .
They said the decision confirmed what the union had suspected - that St John had no intention of reaching an agreement .
Mr Abbott said St John had spent less than two hours at the bargaining table and the service had never proposed terms for a collective agreement .
St John has said it will consider the union 's comments and respond on Monday .
Yesterday St John confirmed that striking ambulance staff who refused to wear a high-visibility vest while out on jobs would have ten percent of their pay cut .
FOOTBALL fans appear to have celebrated the HOLOCAUST by unfurling a shocking banner featuring Adolf Hitler 's face .
The sign was seen on the sidelines of a league game in Sudan alongside flares , flags and the word `` holocaust '' .
Twitter 1 Pictured is the sick Hitler banner unfurled on the side of the Sudanese football match
The incident was described by football anti-racism campaigners as a `` gruesome first '' for Sub-Saharan Africa .
It is alleged the banner was displayed by fans of Sudan 's Al-Hilal Omdurman , which is one of the country 's biggest clubs and based in the capital Khartoum .
German website Spiegel reported that police secured the block of seating where the banner was unfurled but did not make any arrests .
Campaign group Fare Network , which attempts to curb discrimination within the game , has now said it is investigating the incident .
MOST READ IN NEWS Exclusive PIE ROLLER £148m EuroMillions winner scoffs 50 home-delivered Cornish pasties every WEEK Exclusive BRUTE FARCE Albanian murderer fighting boot from UK 'to avoid splitting family ' beats wife MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids ' as YouTube and Instagram slammed MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character ' Momo told lad , 8 , to 'stab themselves in neck ' Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed them with paint 'HE STRANGLED ME ' Girl , 10 , 'pretended to be dead to stop boy , 16 , raping them on way home '
It stated : `` Fare is investigating a shocking incident at a league match in # Sudan over the weekend .
`` Supporters of Al Hilal Omdurman displayed a banner with a portrait of Hitler and the words holocaust ' .
`` A gruesome first for Sub-Saharan Africa . ''
Around six million Jews were slaughtered in the Holocaust , the name given to the genocide perpetrated by Hitler and the Nazis .
Shocking moment passenger screams sickening racist abuse at Muslim taxi driver before threatening to fight them
We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips @ the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours . '
Earlier this year , Maryland-based custom carmaker Genovation set the top speed world record for a road-legal all-electric car , a modified battery-powered Z06 Corvette , reaching the record-breaking speed of 205.6 mph .
This week the company unveiled a new version of their concept with the same electric powertrain re-engineered for a C7 Grand Sport Corvette , which they are calling Genovation Extreme Electric ( GXE ) , and they plan to bring it to limited-production .
The company fitted a 44 kWh battery pack in the prototype and claims some impressive specs :
“ The GXE includes a state-of-the-art battery management system , inverters , batteries and electric motors that produce in excess of 660-hp and 600 lb-ft of torque . The car has a range of 130 miles during normal driving operation with a near 50/50 weight distribution and is optimized for a low center of gravity . ”
The real kicker is the 205 mph top speed , but Genovation does n't say how long it can maintain it , which can be a problem for electric vehicles .
In comparison , the Tesla Model S ' top speed is 155 mph , but it is software-limited in order not to damage the battery pack . If it was n't software-limited , the vehicle could potentially achieve a similar top speed as Genovation 's record .
In a press release this week , Andrew Saul , CEO of Genovation , commented on the announcement of the plans to bring the vehicle to market :
“ We are very proud of what we have accomplished with the GXE thus far , pushing the limits for electric-powered cars beyond what most people thought was possible . We are excited to enter the next phase and begin offering this extraordinary vehicle to discerning customers . This is a truly unique vehicle on a number of fronts , and we are thrilled to be bringing it to market . ”
The company released two renderings of the GXE :
It 's not cheap . Genovation says that the GXE will cost $ 750,000 . That 's about 10 times the price of a new C7 Grand Sport Corvette .
The company is going for exclusivity with only a limited quantity of 75 vehicles and they promised that each vehcile will be unique because they will involve the customers in the individual design and finishing process .
If you want one though , you need to have a lot of trust in the startup since they require submitting a deposit of $ 250,000 and they do n't expect to ship the vehicle until Q4 of 2019 after a 2-year design period and 1 year build time .
Woman shot by San Leandro police in grave condition
Photo : Google Maps Halcyon Drive and Dillo Street , San Leandro , CA
San Leandro police shot and critically wounded a woman who rammed a stolen car into several police cars in East Oakland , , the second shooting involving San Leandro officers — and a stolen car — in three days , authorities said .
The woman was in grave condition at a local hospital . Them name was not released .
The latest incident began when two San Leandro officers in separate marked police vehicles were heading to a call for service neare Halcyon Drive and Dillo Street 7:55 p.m. Sunday , said Officer Johnna Watson , an Oakland police spokesperson .
One of the officers spotted a vehicle that had been reported stolen , and the two tried to pull it over , Watson said .
The driver initially stopped but then sped off , leading police on a chase during which they tried to ram one of the police cars , Watson said . The pursuit streaked into East Oakland and on the 9800 block of Springfield Street , a cul-de-sac near 98th and Bancroft avenues .
There , the suspect “ deliberately rammed multiple patrol vehicles , causing officers to discharge their service weapons , ” Watson said . “ The suspect was subsequently struck . ”
A female passenger was taken to a hospital to be examined as a precaution before being released . They were being interviewed by investigators .
An officer was hurt in the incident and was treated and released .
Oakland police responded to the scene to assist and are investigating the shooting along with the Alameda County district attorney 's officer .
It is the second shooting involving San Leandro police within several days .
On Thursday , a 16-year-old Oakland girl in a stolen Nissan Maxima ran over a San Leandro police officer on the 600 block of Broadmoor Avenue , prompting the officer to open fire , police said .
The girl suffered minor injuries , fled the scene but surrendered to police hours later . A 19-year-old Oakland man who had jumped out of the stolen car before the police shooting was taken into custody .
The officer in that incident , an 18-year department veteran , was taken to a hospital with leg injuries , underwent surgery and was expected to recover , said police Lt. Robert McManus said . Their name has not been released .
Police will hold a neighborhood meeting to discuss the incident on Broadmoor . The meeting will be at 5:30 p.m. Thursday at the San Leandro Community Center at 13909 East 14th St .
Henry K. Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . E-mail : hlee @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ henryklee
Toronto FC manager Ryan Nelsen knows all about AS Roma midfielder Daniele De Rossi . At the 2010 World Cup , Nelsen saw De Rossi win a penalty that earned Italy a 1-1 tie with New Zealand . Paraguay and Slovakia advanced from that group , leaving captain Nelsen and their Kiwi team unbeaten but going home after three consecutive ties . The one consolation was that New Zealand ( 0-3-0 ) finished ahead of Italy ( 0-2-1 ) .
Italy 's Daniele De Rossi , right , who visits BMO Field on Wednesday night for TFC 's friendly against AS Roma , is tackled by the Czech Republic 's Jaroslav Plasil during a 2014 World Cup qualifying match in June . ( DAVID W CERNY / REUTERS )
While the Italy draw was a disappointment for Nelsen and the Whites , it was seen as a victory by many since the Azzurri were the reigning world champions and ranked 74 places above New Zealand . It 's been three years since that game but mention De Rossi — the Italian was named man of the match that day at Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit , South Africa — and Nelsen makes a face like they just sucked a lemon . “ Did they play ? ” Nelsen asked innocently after practice Tuesday . “ I ca n't even remember if they were playing . I can remember someone falling over really easily and costing us a win against the Italians and costing New Zealand ( reaching ) the next group stage . ”
Article Continued Below
In truth , defender Tommy Smith did snatch at De Rossi 's shirt but the clutch-and-grab was short-lived and they had let go by the time the Italian decided to theatrically hit the turf . Still , Italy outshot New Zealand 23-3 ( 7-1 in shots on target ) and had 15 corners to the Kiwis ' none . Nelsen , now 35 , and the 30-year-old De Rossi will be reunited in vastly different circumstances Wednesday night . The former New Zealand international will be on the sidelines at BMO Field while De Rossi will be wearing AS Roma colours as the touring Italian side , still in pre-season mode , takes on Nelsen 's Toronto FC in a friendly . Toronto expects a crowd of 17,000 . Roma won the first game of its North American tour last week , defeating the MLS all-stars 3-1 in Kansas City . The Italian side wraps up its tour Sunday against Chelsea in Washington , D.C . Under new coach Rudi Garcia , Roma is still assembling its team . De Rossi was linked to Chelsea earlier in the summer but is still with Roma . The Italian side has added Ivory Coast forward Gervinho .
Roma ( 18-12-8 ) finished sixth in Serie A last season , one point ahead of city rival Lazio . Wednesday 's game is a chance to see the amazing Francesco Totti , who made their Roma debut 20 years ago . Now 36 , they are still going strong some 501 games and 315 goals later .
Article Continued Below
“ It 's a privilege to play against world-class players , ” said Toronto captain Steven Caldwell . “ Sometimes it can be humbling when you 're out there . But you 've always got the memories and you can say that you were lucky enough to experience that in the flesh . So I 'm thoroughly looking forward to playing against a number of Roma 's players . “ Sometimes you find that when you get out there , it 's somebody that you do n't know too much about that 's the one that sticks in your mind . Very exciting . Hopefully we can do very well . “ It 's an important game for them for different reasons to us . They 're preparing to start a season and we 're trying to build on a disappointing point tally and to try and somehow get ourselves in the position where we can maybe look towards the fourth , fifth position in the playoffs. ” Toronto ( 4-10-8 ) is currently enjoying a rare purple patch . Nelsen 's side has grabbed seven points in its last three matches , defeating Columbus and New England after tying New York . And while calling Roma a “ world-class team ” and “ pretty much the sharpest point of the football world , ” Nelsen talked about getting everyone minutes . It 's clear they are mindful of Saturday 's visit by the Seattle Sounders ( 9-7-4 ) . “ Seattle 's obviously the more important game , being a league game , and we have to keep an eye on that of course , ” they said . “ But it 's still a game of football and these guys , no matter what , even if they 're having a kickaround with us coaches , are pretty fired up to beat us . “ So it 's a competitive game of football and of course you want to win . It shows a benchmark of where you are against some of the world 's best players. ” Nelsen said they planned to give No . 1 goalie Joe Bendik a night off , with Stefan Frei getting the start and No . 3 Quillan Roberts possibly also seeing action . They plan to mix and match their lineup , looking to find some familiar combinations rather than start their normal MLS team and then throw in reinforcements . MORE : The Star 's soccer page
Diplomat Robert Fowler , seen here in March 2010 , spent months in the hands of al-Qaeda captors before their release . ( ( Tom Sharina/CBC News ) )
A leaked U.S. State Department cable suggests a ransom was paid for the release of two Canadian diplomats taken hostage in Niger two years ago .
The May 2009 cable released by online whistleblower WikiLeaks says a Libyan official told the U.S. ambassador in Tripoli that two Canadian officials were released `` in return for a ransom payment . ''
WIKILEAKS Read the May 2009 cable .
The cable was written just weeks after diplomats Robert Fowler and Louis Guay were released after being kidnapped by al-Qaeda 's North African wing in December 2008 . It does not detail how much was paid in ransom or who might have paid it .
The federal government has maintained that Canada did not pay a ransom for the release of the two men , but the prime minister also has n't said if anyone else did .
Stephen Harper has said the governments of Mali and Burkina Faso negotiated the release of the men , but never elaborated on whether they paid ransom or agreed to a prisoner exchange .
P.O.V . : Would you have nominated WikiLeaks for a Nobel Peace Prize ? Take our survey .
Musa Kusa , who was Libya 's foreign minister at the time , said in the cable that such payments were `` unfortunate and only increased the strength of al-Qaeda . ''
Fowler , Guay and their driver disappeared when returning from a visit to a gold mine . Fowler was on assignment as the UN 's special envoy to Niger at the time .
Fowler was a senior adviser to several prime ministers , starting with Pierre Trudeau , and played a leading role in thwarting the trade of so-called blood diamonds in Angola .
Western intelligence officials in Algeria said in February that they believe the UN diplomats were initially abducted by local gunmen , bandits or Tuareg rebels , and later traded to the al-Qaeda group .
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb is an Algeria-based militant group that joined Osama bin Laden 's terror network in 2006 and conducts dozens of bombings or ambushes each month .
In February 2009 , the group claimed in an audio tape played on the Al-Jazeera television network that it was holding the two Canadians hostage .
It made no demands at that time , but in the past has received ransoms for western tourists kidnapped in the vast sub-Saharan region .
The Windows landscape has never been so complex . At this point , we have four editions of Windows 10 ( Home , Pro , Enterprise , and Education ) and three current versions of each ( 1607 , 1511 , RTM/1507 ) . There are Insider Previews for beta testing wannabes , and Insider Previews for those who have to keep their domains and products working . Then there 's the Current Branch , the Current Branch for Business , and the Long Term Servicing Branch , each with a different mix of versions . Not to mention Server , the struggling Windows Mobile , Xbox , HoloLens , IoT Core on Things , and uh , other things . And let 's not forget Windows 7 and 8.1 , both of which will be going through major changes in October .
The playing field is so vast I put together an overview on AskWoody.com .
[ The essentials for Windows 10 installation : Download the Windows 10 Installation Superguide today . | Stay up on key Microsoft technologies with the Windows Report newsletter . ]
With all of those options available , what 's a normal person ( or organization ) to do ? Here are a few points to keep in mind :
Do n't be embarrassed to stick with Windows 7 . It is n't going away . You can decide for yourself if the Win10 siren appeals to you . But be aware that Microsoft has designs on Win7 's ( and 8.1 's ) future . Starting in October , Win7/8.1 users need to choose between two options -- I call them Group A and Group B . The folks in Group A are willing to take any and all Microsoft patches , including the ones that care for the new Diagnostic and Telemetry tracking service and others that installation poorly described telemetry points/snooping stations . Folks in Group B only want the security patches . I 'll be talking more about Group A and Group B in coming months , as we get more details .
If you have Windows 10 , go with the Fall Update , version 1511 . The problems with the newer Anniversary Update still make me leery of installing it . If you find that you 're running the Anniversary Update , version 1607 ( type winver in the Cortana search box ) , you have 10 days to roll back . Once rolled back , there 's a straightforward way to keep the Anniversary Update at bay until Microsoft fixes it .
If you run a company network or peddle products that have to run on Windows 10 , devote at least one machine to the Release Preview . While there are frustrating limitations to the Release Preview ( which I discuss on AskWoody ) , the ability to test new cumulative updates for Windows 10 before they 're released is a godsend .
Only sign up for the Insider Fast or Slow rings if you want to beta test the next version of Windows . It 's unfortunate that the Release Preview is called an Insider program . The Release Preview revolves around the current , shipping version of Windows , whereas the Insider Program Fast and Slow rings deal with the next version of Windows . Those are two completely different audiences . Make sure you understand the difference -- and are willing to put up with the pain of raw beta testing -- before you venture into the Fast or Slow rings .
Note that Windows 10 is not the same as Windows 10 Mobile . The Win10 Mobile beta has been rocky at best , with voluminous complaints . The overlap in version numbering between Windows 10 and Windows 10 Mobile has driven many a hardened industry observer to drink . When you read something about Windows 10 make sure you distinguish between the two . In spite of the marketing , they 're entirely different breeds of cat .
Remember that Current Branch for Business and Long Term Servicing Branch both get ( potentially bad ) security patches . Last month , MS16-098 had a bug , and those in the `` stable '' CBB and LTSB branches got bit the same as everyone else . Microsoft fixed the version 1607 bugs in a couple of weeks , while leaving CBB and LTSB to stew for a month . That 's probably not what you expect from a `` stable '' branch . See AskWoody.com for details .
Of course there are lots of nuances and plenty of gotchas , but by and large if you stick to those guidelines -- and heed the warnings -- you should be in good shape .
It is common for software installers to include add-ons that are installed into Firefox and other browsers . Since software installers can often be confusing and most users click through them without reading , we introduced the opt-in install screen to make it clearer that an add-on was being installed into Firefox as part of the application install process . This gives users another opportunity to understand what is going on and make an informed choice .
We want to clarify that , from now on , there are only two acceptable ways of installing add-ons into Firefox :
Web install . Users are presented with a page that has an installation button or link that they need to click on their own in order to initiate the add-on installation . External installation . The add-on is installed through the Windows Registry or a global install location , triggering the opt-in install screen . It is forbidden to tamper with this install screen , including overlaying images or text on top of it or anywhere near it .
There are two differences between this and previous policy . First , we used to allow a hybrid install method where an external installer opened Firefox and opened a new tab pointing directly to the XPI installer . After discussion with the SUMO team , we now realize that this is n't clear enough for our users . Secondly , we 're making it clear that we 're not okay with installers placing information on top of the opt-in screen . This was becoming a trend in application installers and we had n't taken a clear position as to whether this was allowed or not .
However , we 're not ignoring the reasons for which many add-on developers do this . We understand that the opt-in screen needs improvement , and we 're committed to making it better . Feel free to comment below or get in touch with us through our other contact channels . Let us know your concerns and how you think we can improve the installation flow .
I updated the Add-on Guidelines draft page to reflect this policy update .
Image copyright Reuters
Three men who were arrested over the Parsons Green Tube attack have been released with no further action , the Metropolitan Police has said .
Of the seven men arrested in total over the bombing in London on 15 September , one has been charged with attempted murder and the remaining six released .
Ahmed Hassan , 18 , of Sunbury , Surrey , was remanded in custody after appearing in court last week .
A bomb partially exploded on a Tube train in rush hour , injuring 30 people .
Two of the released men , aged 25 and 30 , were arrested in Newport , south Wales , on 19 and 20 September respectively .
The third released man was arrested in Cardiff on Monday .
Officers are continuing to search one property in Cardiff as part of the investigation led by the Met 's Counterterrorism Command , police said .
Mr Hassan , who was arrested in Dover , Kent , the day after the attack on 16 September , was also charged with causing an explosion likely to endanger life or cause serious injury .
They are due at the Old Bailey on 13 October .
In the second part of a series of interviews with The Real News , Truthdig columnist Chris Hedges details their criticism of the Iraq War and the news coverage leading up to it . They say it their belief that great reporters care about the truth above all .
“ Every article they [ The New York Times ] wrote which was a lie about weapons of mass destruction , you know , being part of Saddam Hussein 's Iraq was technically fact-based . It was sourced , you know , senior intelligence officials say . I mean , it was double-checked with other intelligence officials . It was all within the rubric of American journalism , legitimate journalism . It just happened to be a lie , ” Hedges says of the publication they left almost a decade ago . “ And that is the difference between news and truth . And I think the really great reporters care about truth more than they do about news . They 're not the same thing . ”
They continue : “ Remember , as journalists , our job is to manipulate facts . I did it for many years . I can take any set of facts and spin you a story anyway you want . And if I 'm very cynical , I can spin it in a way that I know is good for my career but is not particularly truthful to my reader . And I always attempted to convey to my reader the truth . ”
Watch Part 1 of the interview here .
— Posted by Tracy Bloom .
As the Swedish file-sharing scene recovered from the raids on the PRQ webhost last week , police were already queuing up their next target . After the takedown of Tankafetast on Monday , it now transpires that another site was raided on Thursday . Antipiratbyran informs TorrentFreak that five key sites have shut down during the last week and that further action against other sites should be expected .
A week ago today , Swedish authorities raided one of the most infamous webhosts in Europe .
PRQ , a company with a reputation for allowing almost anyone to anonymously use its facilities , was severely disrupted as police hunted for the file-sharing related servers behind a handful of IP addresses .
Dozens of sites went down , but it took until last Wednesday for the actual targets of the operation to be revealed . The primary target was Tankafetast , once Sweden 's # 2 torrent site .
The second was Appbucket , a site that was the subject of legal action in August when the FBI seized its domain in a crackdown against Android app piracy . SVT now has confirmation that the raid on that domain was carried out in concert with a “ foreign police force ” .
By the middle of the week most PRQ-linked sites had returned and were back in business , meaning that Internet user interest in the raids had already started to wane . However , it appears that the Swedish government 's interest in shutting down torrent sites has not .
Last Thursday , action was taken against another site known as SweDream . Police carried out a raid in Skåne in southern Sweden , seizing several computers . The site is suspected of being involved in the unauthorized distribution of movies .
“ We think [ the raids are ] completely wrong , file sharing is something that is good for society , ” says Swedish Pirate Party leader Anna Troberg .
“ That it is illegal is one thing , but if a law is bad you should change the law , ” they say .
But while a change in the law may help longer term , it is n't going to help the situation developing in Sweden today . The first signs that something might be coming appeared in February when the Sweden 's Supreme Court said it would not be hearing an appeal of the Pirate Bay trial .
“ The rule of law has spoken and this is a defining moment in the lengthy discussion of copyright on the Internet , ” said Henrik Pontén , lawyer at Antipiratbyrån at the time .
“ The Supreme Court has made clear to all involved in copyright violations , including those that provide them with Internet connections , must now assume their responsibilities . ”
What followed was a public warning from Antipiratbyrån and local Hollywood lawyer Monique Wadsted to around 150 file-sharing sites with Swedish connections – shut down or else .
Later in February police in Gothenburg carried out a raid against an individual they said was involved with both The Pirate Bay and another local site , Shareitall .
Police also flexed their muscles with a raid on SwePiracy , although in the last couple of days the site appears to have coincidentally reappeared .
Since February Sweden has been fairly quiet though , until last week of course when things really heated up . Speaking with TorrentFreak this morning , Antipiratbyrån 's Henrik Pontén confirmed that in the last seven days at least five “ key ” Swedish sites have been completely shut down .
They are Tankafetast , SweDream , ShareItAll , SharingZone and SteelBits .
So , do the developments of the past week indicate the start of a new file-sharing crackdown ?
“ Yes , you can expect more actions against illegal sites , ” Pontén concludes .
Salvadoran Farmer Activist Resists Corporate Gold Mining Plans
Francisco Piñeda , an anti-mining leader and winner of Goldman Environmental Prize . ( Photo by Amanda Lopez )
Francisco Piñeda is fighting for the water . For Piñeda and the rural communities of El Salvador , water is more valuable than gold . Rio Lempa is the country 's longest river ; some 4 million people rely on it to live and farm , as they have for centuries . In 2002 , the Canadian company Pacific Rim acquired the rights to begin mining exploration for gold and silver in Cabañas .
Piñeda , a family farmer in El Salvador , was content growing their corn and enjoying their life as a small farmer with their family . They were thrust into the role of environmental leader when a group of villagers asked them to help them find out why their river was drying up . “ We went to the river and saw that the water from this river was being siphoned by Pacific Rim for their gold exploration upstream , ” they told In These Times .
Piñeda was in San Francisco this week to receive the prestigious Goldman Environmental Prize , the world 's largest prize for grassroots environmental activists . The Prize recognizes individuals for sustained and significant efforts to protect and enhance the natural environment , often at great personal risk , as this video explains :
Piñeda , who has a degree in sustainable agriculture , is the founder of Comité Ambiental de Cabañas ( Environmental Committee of Cabañas ) , a community volunteer association of small farmers , environmentalists and community members .
The group started asking questions and educating other farmers about the health threats of mining . It 's common for mine operators to use cyanide , which eventually contaminates local water supplies . It changed the game for Pacific Rim . The company tried to entice Piñeda and the others with jobs and high pay .
“ They offered us a salary and work , $ 2,000 a month . For us , that 's a lot of money , but for what ? Why were they offering ? We told them no . ”
The threats began . Calls came from supporters of the mine who are suspected to have ties to Pacific Rim . Someone offered the lady who works in the home of one of Piñeda 's relatives $ 2,000 to poison him .
A movement grows
Through their organizing , they built a people 's movement which has grown to include 26 communities and more than 450 members . They formed the National Anti-Mining Board . A great public outcry grew over mining exploration and in 2008 , the Salvadoran government suspended Pacific Rim 's exploration permits .
The corporation wants to reopen the El Dorado gold mine , which stretches through Guatemala , Nicaragua and El Salvador in the municipality of Cabañas . Most people there make their living by farming and many fear the mining would contaminate their water and then end their ability to farm .
The report `` Guns , Gold and Choice , '' written by Professor Richard Steiner , reviews the plans and effects of potential mining by Pacific Rim . In 2009 three anti-mining activists were murdered . One of Piñeda 's friends disappeared , Marcelo Rivera . `` We found out they were assassinated and tortured . Another compañero , Ramiro Rivera ( no relation ) was attacked but recuperated . Then on Dec. 20 , I get a call from Ramiro 's daughter and they says ‘ We think they 've killed my papá . ' They had two police officers protecting him . ”
Accompanied by a priest , Piñeda went with the family to identify the body . “ Three days before ( his murder ) , we had had a meeting and they told us : ‘ Look compañeros , one of us is going to die . But whoever remains standing has to continue to struggle . ”
Six days after Ramiro was killed , someone murdered Dora Santos Sorto , wife of environmental activist Santos Rodriguez . The assassins had come for their husband and found them instead .
“ She went with us to all the activities . They always had their small child in their arms . That day I was close to their house when we heard five gunshots. ” Someone realized that Dora was by the river . “ We took off down the road . When we got to the river , we saw their body , their 2-year old son at their side , and their unborn baby moving so much in their stomach . They were eight months pregnant , ” said Piñeda tearfully .
New round of threats
Now there 's been a new round of threats against the Cabañas anti-mining movement . On January 11 , community radio station Radio Victoria received a written death threat . The authors claim to be a death squad . There have been several other death threats against people .
Piñeda , who has 24-hour police protection , says , “ it 's true that our comrades have died , and next it could be me . It could be someone else . But we know there is a mountain of others behind us . Mining in this country is a risk for all of us . ”
Mining represents a great threat to El Salvador 's water supply . There are currently no metal-producing mines there . But the Central America Free Trade Agreement ( CAFTA ) has made it easier for foreign companies to do business there . Exploration permits have been issued for a variety of developments .
Pacific Rim is suing El Salvador for $ 100 million in lost investments and unrealized profits for not allowing it to mine , saying the country is breaking the “ investor rights ” provision of the CAFTA . Since Canada is not part of CAFTA , Pacific Rim created a U.S. subsidiary for the purpose of filing a lawsuit . The case is expected to move forward this year .
Piñeda is incredulous .
It 's as if I visit the home of a friend in the U.S. and I and say , hey , “ I 'm going to take everything in your house . ' And you say ‘ no , ' then I sue you because you said no . That is what the Free Trade Agreement is .
Their children worry about him , but they tell them if they do n't continue to challenge the mining efforts , “ what will happen to your generation ? And your children ? What will happen to them ? What water will they have ? What air will they have ? So we have to fight . In El Salvador they say those of us who are environmental activists are crazy . I prefer to be called crazy rather than a traitor . Or , that I sold out my country . ”
Human rights organizations have offered to relocate Piñero and the other activists in the United States . But Piñeda has no plans to leave their native country .
Whether it meant to or not , South by Southwest took a stance on online harassment : Apathy .
On Monday , SXSW canceled a pair of gaming and online harassment panels at its Austin festival , citing threats of violence .
It likely did n't anticipate the backlash this decision would bring . On Tuesday , media outlets like Buzzfeed and Vox said they planned to withdraw from the event . And there was a firestorm of criticism that SXSW is thwarting a much-needed dialogue around online harassment .
The canceled panels dealt with both sides of `` GamerGate , '' a movement that sees female gamers as disrupting the traditionally male gaming industry . That hostility comes in the form of threats -- from mutilating one 's pets to rape -- mostly via Twitter . ( Pro-GamerGaters have also been the recipients of death threats and bomb scares . )
Although neither panel mentioned GamerGate by name , the two fell pretty clearly on either side of the issue , featuring panelists who had been targets , or proponents , of GamerGate .
The cancellation `` sent the message that being a woman who addresses controversial topics in public is a liability -- even at a conference that prides itself on engaged debate and cutting-edge ... ideas , '' said sociologist and gaming critic Katherine Cross in an e-mail to CNNMoney . They were scheduled to appear on one of the canceled panels .
GamerGate has successfully silenced vocal women in the past . Feminist media critic and GamerGate target Anita Sarkeesian pulled out of a speech at Utah State University after the school received threats of `` the deadliest school shooting in American history . ''
Related : Breitbart brings its conservative take to tech journalism
Game developer Brianna Wu was n't scheduled to be on the canceled SXSW panels , but they are no stranger to GamerGate threats .
`` I think they thought it was better to cancel everything and appear neutral , '' said Wu .
Instead , SXSW ultimately signaled something much worse : disregard for the panel topics altogether .
`` It 's about SXSW not taking the harassment of women seriously , '' Wu said .
When I met Wu at the BlogHer conference in July , a bodyguard stood outside the door of our meeting room and accompanied them throughout the event . Prior to the BlogHer conference , Wu said she 'd received over 100 death threats . Wu attended anyways -- with adequate security -- to speak on a panel about the state of online harassment along with Shireen Mitchell from Digital Sistas .
Wu said they still get threats against their life -- about twice per week . She 's scheduled to be on two separate SXSW panels ( about women in tech and virtual reality ) , but they said they have n't received a single death threat related to the Austin conference .
Wu said they and others reached out to SXSW prior to the cancellation to advise on how to handle threats that would inevitably come with having them and other GamerGate targets on panels . Wu said SXSW was not receptive and responded in a `` very patronizing manner . ''
`` I 've had death threats at events a fraction of the size , with a fraction of the budget . [ They 've ] been able to handle it , '' said Wu .
Another panelist , interactive designer Caroline Sinders , agrees .
`` We really empathize with SXSW [ but ] we think this could have been handled with security measures , '' said Sinders , who organized the panel that Cross was meant to be on . `` When a conference has n't had to deal with harassment at this level , it 's very hard to figure out what to do . ''
Related : `` This is the year technology hit rock bottom ''
Cross called the cancellation `` unfortunate '' and said it should be used to raise awareness that online harassment threatens free speech .
The organizers behind the other canceled panel announced in a blog post that they planned to host the panel regardless .
Panel organizer Perry Jones said they had a `` Plan B '' from the get-go . `` We expected something like this to happen , '' they told CNNMoney .
On Wednesday , Re/Code reported that SXSW was considering options to rectify the cancellation .
For now , all parties are awaiting updates from SXSW .
If the decision stands , `` SXSW is effectively telling online harassers that their threats are a winning strategy , '' Cross said . `` A success for harassers will only encourage more of the same . ''
SXSW declined to comment on the record .
Correction : An earlier version of this story misstated Shireen Mitchell 's involvement with one of the canceled panels .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - A U.S. senator and civil groups critical of surveillance practices on Friday called on the government to release a 2015 order by a secret court directing Yahoo to scan all its users ' incoming email , saying it appeared to involve new interpretations of at least two important legal issues .
A man walks past a Yahoo logo during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , February 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Albert Gea/File Photo
Their concerns center on the nature of the technical assistance the court required Yahoo to provide and the scope of the search that legal experts said appeared to cover the Silicon Valley internet company 's entire network .
Yahoo installed a custom software program to search messages to hundreds of millions of accounts at the behest of U.S. intelligence officials with an order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , a secret tribunal , Reuters reported on Tuesday .
They were looking for messages containing a single piece of digital content , three former employees and a fourth person apprised of the events told Reuters .
Intelligence officials told Reuters that all Yahoo had to do was modify existing systems for stopping child pornography from being sent through its email or filtering spam messages .
But the pornography filters are aimed only at video and still images and can not search text , as the Yahoo program did . The spam filters , meanwhile , are viewable by many employees who curate them , and there is no confusion about where they sit in the software stack and how they operate .
The court-ordered search Yahoo conducted , on the other hand , was done by a module attached to the Linux kernel - in other words , it was deeply buried near the core of the email server operating system , far below where mail sorting was handled , according to three former Yahoo employees .
They said that made it hard to detect and also made it hard to figure out what the program was doing .
How many companies can be forced to do to comply with government orders for searching data is being debated in the courts . Companies have successfully argued that changes that would degrade users ' experience or force them to write new code , essentially a form of speech , would violate basic rights .
Most famously , Apple refused to write code that would unlock an iPhone belonging to a gunman in last year 's mass shooting in San Bernardino , California . The FBI later dropped its demand .
In the case of Yahoo , company security staff discovered a software program that was scanning email but ended an investigation when they found it had been approved by Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer , the sources said .
Lawmakers are concerned about the request and whether information about it is being properly disclosed to the public .
“ Recent reports of a mass-email scanning program have alleged that federal law is being interpreted in ways that many Americans would find surprising and troubling , ” said Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon , a member of the intelligence committee and frequent critic of government surveillance programs .
“ The USA Freedom Act requires the executive branch to declassify Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court opinions that involve novel interpretations of laws or the Constitution , ” Wyden said .
Intelligence officials said the Yahoo order resembled other requests for monitoring online communications of suspected terrorists . The program is far different from the bulk collection of emails and telephone records that was disclosed by fugitive National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden , they said , stressing the target was a digital “ signature ” associated with a single entity 's suspected terrorist activity .
But legal experts question whether the order might have stretched the concept of a “ facility ” used by a foreign power from its traditional definition , involving a single phone number or an email account , to include a large company 's entire communication network .
“ If the facility means all of Yahoo 's network , I do n't see how that 's consistent with the Fourth Amendment , ” which bars unreasonable searches , said Greg Nojeim , senior counsel at the Center for Democracy & Technology .
Politico severs ties with writer after vulgar Trump tweet
Politico has terminated its contract with magazine writer Julia Ioffe after they sent a tweet that referenced a possible incestuous relationship between President-elect Donald Trump and their daughter , Ivanka .
In a note to Politico staff Wednesday , Editor-in-Chief John Harris and Editor Carrie Budoff Brown said Ioffe violated guidelines against displaying “ gratuitous opinion ” on social media .
“ Julia Ioffe 's tweet this afternoon about President-elect Trump – currently and understandably racing across social media – is a clear example of the opposite of what we were talking about . Julia had previously announced they are taking their work to the Atlantic . We have accelerated the close of their POLITICO contributor contract , effective immediately . ”
Earlier in the day , Ioffe sent out the following tweets :
Either Trump is fucking their daughter or he 's shirking nepotism laws . Which is worse ? https : //t.co/0Fo8vDKcDC — Julia Ioffe ( @ juliaioffe ) December 14 , 2016
I take back what I said about Ivanka and just let them father , our president , speak for me . https : //t.co/54EccT5Jai — Julia Ioffe ( @ juliaioffe ) December 14 , 2016
Brown and Harris concluded the note by thanking “ the vast majority of you who are providing positive examples of the responsible way to engage on social media . ”
Ioffe recently joined The Atlantic from Politico .
They sent the following tweets later in the evening :
In Russia , the Kremlin rarely has to make the call to media organizations . The media bosses anticipate and do the censoring themselves . — Julia Ioffe ( @ juliaioffe ) December 14 , 2016
All that said , I do regret my phrasing and apologize for it . It was a crass joke that I genuinely regret . — Julia Ioffe ( @ juliaioffe ) December 14 , 2016
It was a tasteless , offensive tweet that I regret and have deleted . I am truly and deeply sorry . It wo n't happen again . — Julia Ioffe ( @ juliaioffe ) December 14 , 2016
Here 's the full note :
Hi all — You will remember the note from John and me a few days ago in which we emphasized that POLITICO journalists are representing the publication at all times and on all platforms , and must present themselves accordingly . We also emphasized that the power of POLITICO comes from our independent reporting and analysis . Gratuitous opinion has no place , anywhere , at any time – not on your Facebook feed , your Twitter feed or any place else . It has absolutely zero value for our readers and should have zero place in our work Julia Ioffe 's tweet this afternoon about President-elect Trump – currently and understandably racing across social media – is a clear example of the opposite of what we were talking about . Julia had previously announced they are taking their work to the Atlantic . We have accelerated the close of their POLITICO contributor contract , effective immediately . We understand how absolutely infuriating it is to have incidents like this tarnish POLITICO and the great work being done across the company . We feel the same , and as such there will be little tolerance for this type of behavior . Thanks to the vast majority of you who are providing positive examples of the responsible way to engage on social media . Carrie and John
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
As cars drove along Stella Link on a crisp , sunny , fall afternoon , Lance McCullers and their wife , Kara , were all grins .
It was mid-morning on a Monday . There was nothing major happening in the empty parking lot of a strip center near NRG Stadium . No crowd of onlookers hoping for an autograph or selfie . No bright orange , newly purchased Astros T-shirts .
Just Lance , Kara , a handful of other volunteers and hundreds of homeless dogs and cats set up in a makeshift shelter .
Since Hurricane Harvey , the population of stray pets in Houston has risen . Organizations like Houston Pets Alive have set up makeshift shelters to handle the load . They have one goal : to keep all these strays from being euthanized .
Lance and Kara are trying to do everything they can to help . The World Series is over , and Lance and their teammates have been on a whirlwind tour of TV appearances and fan engagements . They have also kept busy volunteering at the local shelter .
This particular one is on the clock . Currently located in an old grocery store , it has been given a Dec. 6 eviction notice . Its operators need a place to go or enough money to rent a new space as soon as possible .
While that 's an obvious concern , the volunteers do n't have much time to dwell on it . There 's work to do .
Lance and Kara are regulars here . They frequently walk down the aisles of crated dogs , take them out for walks , play for a few minutes .
Now Playing :
On Monday afternoon , Lance found a black lab mix with an orange tag on their crate . The orange tags are for the dogs who have been there the longest .
Lance took them through the parking lot to a grassy area , where he , Kara and the dog played for 15 or so minutes . The sheer joy radiating from Lance spoke volumes . This is truly their passion .
Their love for animals started like a lot of people 's . They had a rescue dog - a black lab mix named Missy - growing up .
Since then , they have routinely adopted and taken care of animals . They and Kara currently have two adopted dogs , Minka and Riggs . And they spend a lot of time checking in on those in shelters across the city .
Kara searched for specific dogs when they showed up Monday . One had been adopted . Another was recovering from an illness and had their energy and spunk back .
Lance took photos of several and posted them to their Instagram account - @ lancemccullers43 - where they continue to put all the information they can gather on each animal in hopes of finding them homes .
Using their platform
They realize that since the Astros ' playoff run and World Series championship , they have more eyes on them than ever . He 's using the newfound fame to reach even more people who can help these animals .
`` I hope I can have more reach , '' they said . `` I hope we can find them all homes . That 's the goal . ''
Lance and Kara are genuine in their work and dedication to this cause . They do n't just show up every once in a while . They walk through the shelter and help feed , walk and clean up after the animals . They ask a lot of questions , try to learn everything they can about each animal and its condition .
Lance did n't waste time when they were called up to the Astros in May 2015 . While engaged in their debut big league season and finding their footing in the majors , they started working with Houston Pets Alive right away .
`` It 's just something that is really important to me , '' they said .
They hope they can keep helping the organization save pets , and they also hope they can continue to be a spokesperson for the city 's stray problem .
Spreading the word
`` It all starts with spaying and neutering your pets , '' they said . `` Pet owners need to do this , and then we can limit how many homeless pets there are . Also , I would just encourage anyone who can help to do it . Whether you can volunteer or donate money or , even better , provide a good home for an animal . It 's worth all your time and effort . ''
The World Series is over , and things are finally starting to calm down . For Lance and Kara , though , a lot more work is ahead . The two live in Houston full time now and plan to work closely with rescue organizations to try to keep animals from being killed . They 'll keep volunteering , doing outreach and working for better lives for stray animals .
Lance sat in the grass with a puppy named Candy Corn , who was recovering from being sick last week , while volunteers walked other dogs . They taught them to sit and rewarded them with a good belly rub . They smiled while they gazed up at him , and Kara snapped a few photos for social media .
When they took them back to their crate inside , the small animal did n't want to leave their side . Lance comforted them as they led them back to their bed .
Reason to smile
The crate next to theirs housed a retriever mix with a cast on their broken front leg . Them cage had a yellow tag with the words `` I 'm adopted ! '' printed on it . Lance and Kara grinned when they saw it . One more off to a good home .
`` There 's nothing like the feeling you get from rescuing an animal , '' Lance said . `` It 's so rewarding . They are so loyal and grateful . And they bring so much joy to your life . I hope everyone considers bringing one home during the holidays . ''
There are few performers more eclectic or prolific than Sufjan Stevens . The Detroit-born singer-songwriter has bounced between disciplines to record everything from acoustic folk to expansive electronica , solo and in collaboration with other artists . And their best-known songs , like “ Chicago ” and “ All the Trees of the Field Will Clap Their Hands ” have soundtracked everything from Little Miss Sunshine to This is Us . So it was no surprise that Luca Guadagnino thought of Stevens when they wanted a song for the soundtrack to Call Me by Your Name . Says Guadagino : “ I wanted to envelop the movie in the voice of Sufjan Stevens . ”
And yet Stevens has never before contributed original songs to a feature film . “ I 've always been resistant to work in film , ” they say . “ I think it 's because I 'm always a little suspicious of the role of music in cinema . But Luca is an exception , because he 's one of those rare directors who uses music and sound so fiercely and with such mastery that you can not imagine the films without the music . ”
Sony Pictures Classics
So Stevens broke with their own rule , and went further by providing not one but two songs for the soundtrack to Call Me by Your Name . The first , “ Mystery of Love ” , is the backdrop for the budding romance between Timothée Chalamet 's Elio and Armie Hammer 's Oliver . “ Oh , to see without my eyes/The first time that you kissed me , ” they sing . “ Boundless by the time I cried/I built your walls around me . ”
“ Visions of Gideon ” comes in at the end , as Elio reflects on the heartbreak of their journey . Guadagino holds the shot on Chalamet , playing the credits as the young man sits , in pain . “ I have loved you for the last time , ” Stevens sings , bookending the relationship .
Call Me by Your Name started life as a novel . Had you read it when Luca approached you ?
I had n't read it . They sent it to me to read before they sent the script , and I loved it . When they sent the script , I had some problems with it because there was a voiceover . Did they tell you this ?
Sony Pictures Classics
They said they had struggled with the inner monologue , because it is so primary to the novel .
Right . They had retained the monologue from the older Elio , and they initially asked me to be the voice of the older Elio ; to contribute that voiceover . They also asked if I wanted to appear in the movie as a bard , performing the song , almost as a break in the narrative . I got back to them and I said , “ I think this voiceover is a mistake , and I think the interruption of me singing the song is a mistake. ” I think they were just thinking out loud . I do n't know if they were really committed to the idea . So I said , “ I 'll write you some songs , but that 's all I think you need from me. ” And they agreed . When I saw the first edit , they said , “ You were right , this does n't need a monologue or an interruption . ”
The film uses a remixed version of one of your earlier songs , too : “ Futile Devices ” . It could have been written for this film . Was that your idea or Luca 's ?
That was their idea . They were entranced from the very beginning with the idea of using that song . I think it 's just serendipity that the nature and content of the material fits so well into the film . It was a lucky accident .
I wrote two new songs for the film , and when I wrote them I had n't seen any footage , so I was n't sure how they were going to use them at all . I just handed them over and had to trust that they would know what to do . And , of course , having seen all their films , and how masterful they are with music , there was no question in my mind they would be responsible about it .
Sony Pictures Classics
Indeed , Timothée was actually listening to “ Visions of Gideon ” in an earpiece while filming the final sequence of the film . Along with “ Mystery of Love ” the two songs are bookends to this relationship . Was that by design ?
Another happy accident . I feel like the universe is in charge here , or maybe it 's testament to Luca 's mastery as a director that they are so good at conducting other artists to get the best out of them . I do n't know how they do it but he 's a real prophet in that way . I think he 's an essentialist , but he 's also so technically astute . They have a very keen eye for truth , and you never really question their vision or authority . He 's also a great scholar , and a great film scholar , but you never feel like their knowledge gets in the way of their work .
There are references to Oregon in “ Mystery of Love ” , as there were throughout your album Carrie & Lowell , which was written for your mother and step-father . Did these two new songs emerge out of the same emotional space as Carrie & Lowell ?
For sure . In fact , when I first talked to Luca , I was on tour for Carrie & Lowell . As I was sketching these songs , I was on that tour , and so they are somehow remotely related to that world . I was n't quite able to conjure the Northern Italian landscape , so I was still working in that kind of New World landscape . It 's funny , because I felt like this sort of American intruder , as this American graduate student [ Oliver ] becomes in the story . You know how Elio calls Oliver the usurper ? I feel like all of Luca 's films have a kind of foreign intruder coming into a landscape that is n't their own .
Sony Pictures Classics
Were the references to Oregon your subtle way of continuing your 50 States Project [ Stevens once said they wanted to record an album for each of the 50 States—he stopped after two , Michigan and Illinois ] or is that dead ?
Yeah , I suppose that 's dead to me now . My work is always immersed in American geography , and I do n't think that will ever go away , because I was born and bred here . Oregon is specific to Carrie & Lowell because that 's where Carrie and Lowell lived while they were married . We were raised by my father , and when Carrie married Lowell , that was when they were at their most stable , and we could visit them So we spent summers there in the early '80s , in Eugene , OR . That 's where the references to Oregon come from for that record .
Carrie & Lowell emerged out of grief from your mother 's death . Did these songs come from the same emotional extremes ? We all know the pleasure and pain of a first love .
Agreed . The process of writing Carrie & Lowell was devastating . And it really offered no catharsis or resolution or reconciliation for me .
Sony Pictures Classics
Did you hope it would ?
I did n't know . Previously I was in the habit of using music as a salve , or as a means of understanding certain situations and certain relationships and experiences . And this time , it just did nothing for me . The actual tour itself , and sharing the music—assembling the show with a community of musicians and bringing it to these theaters and to the public—all of that was really restorative for me . The personal became public , in a way that allowed me to relinquish the terror of the experience .
I think the material for this movie came out of that as well , and I was able to feel like I could move beyond the devastation .
The tour , which you made into a concert film , was a confronting experience ; you really invited the audience to share your pain , and relate it to their own .
It 's a real testament to the power and authority of music . And thank God that we have these gifts for communicating , because otherwise we might not survive . This film , and how it moves people—this notion of the universality of love and loss—it speaks to the power of art . It 's so important—vital , now , in this day and age—that we experience these things , and that we allow ourselves to be changed and challenged and entertained and educated by art . It feels like so much of life and society and civilization is just corrupt .
Sony Pictures Classics
We have to remind ourselves that we 're full of life , full of beauty , and that we 're creative beings with a lot to share , and a lot to give each other . So much of the world is intent on dividing humanity . Categorizing . Creating factions . It 's so frustrating , because we 're all the same , you know ; we 're all living , breathing human beings with deep feelings . We all have hearts , minds and souls . It 's a shame we ca n't do more to consolidate with one another , and to find truth and life in each other .
There are references to birds in “ Mystery of Love ” and throughout your work . Why are they such a fertile source of inspiration for you ?
Maybe they 're a symbol of freedom ; absolute freedom . Sometimes I feel so trapped by gravity [ laughs ] . I 've always been obsessed with the sacred and with the profound , and I think birds are these divine creatures , because they can escalate to the heavens . In these physical bodies , trapped to the ground , I just feel like we have to reckon with the reality of the world and our mortality . For me , birds feel like symbols of absolute freedom and transcendence .
Sony Pictures Classics
Your music also points to endless curiosity ; you cross genres and take different approaches , and the only constant is you . Why is that important ?
I think I 'm fundamentally essentialist in the way that I 'm so interested in sensation and experience and discovery , and how these things can uncover a new world of sound and sight . That 's kind of how it initiates the creative drive in me . My music is actually quite formal , and based on traditional forms of songwriting . The sounds themselves are based on that sort of desire for discovery and something new . I think it 's important to stay open to new things , and stay curious . I do n't know , I think I 'm always interested in writing the perfect song , and sailing towards that . Rather than be disappointed by not doing that , or feeling disillusioned by that , I just continue onward , steadfast , trying to make it work .
Do you think the perfect song is out there , then ?
Yeah , I 'm waiting for it to descend upon me like some religious experience .
In their 1907 autobiography , cowboy Nat Love recounts stories from their life on the frontier so cliché , they read like scenes from a John Wayne film . They describe Dodge City , Kansas , a town smattered with the romanticized institutions of the frontier : “ a great many saloons , dance halls , and gambling houses , and very little of anything else. ” They moved massive herds of cattle from one grazing area to another , drank with Billy the Kid and participated in shootouts with Native peoples defending their land on the trails . And when not , as they put it , “ engaged in fighting Indians , ” they amused themselves with activities like “ dare-devil riding , shooting , roping and such sports . ”
Related Content Songster Dom Flemons Brings Back the Melodies of the Black Cowboy
Though Love 's tales from the frontier seem typical for a 19th-century cowboy , they come from a source rarely associated with the Wild West . Love was African-American , born into slavery near Nashville , Tennessee .
Few images embody the spirit of the American West as well as the trailblazing , sharpshooting , horseback-riding cowboy of American lore . And though African-American cowboys do n't play a part in the popular narrative , historians estimate that one in four cowboys were black .
The cowboy lifestyle came into its own in Texas , which had been cattle country since it was colonized by Spain in the 1500s . But cattle farming did not become the bountiful economic and cultural phenomenon recognized today until the late 1800s , when millions of cattle grazed in Texas .
White Americans seeking cheap land—and sometimes evading debt in the United States—began moving to the Spanish ( and , later , Mexican ) territory of Texas during the first half of the 19th century . Though the Mexican government opposed slavery , Americans brought slaves with them as they settled the frontier and established cotton farms and cattle ranches . By 1825 , slaves accounted for nearly 25 percent of the Texas settler population . By 1860 , fifteen years after it became part of the Union , that number had risen to over 30 percent—that year 's census reported 182,566 slaves living in Texas . As an increasingly significant new slave state , Texas joined the Confederacy in 1861 . Though the Civil War hardly reached Texas soil , many white Texans took up arms to fight alongside their brethren in the East .
While Texas ranchers fought in the war , they depended on their slaves to maintain their land and cattle herds . In doing so , the slaves developed the skills of cattle tending ( breaking horses , pulling calves out of mud and releasing longhorns caught in the brush , to name a few ) that would render them invaluable to the Texas cattle industry in the post-war era .
But with a combination of a lack of effective containment— barbed wire was not yet invented—and too few cowhands , the cattle population ran wild . Ranchers returning from the war discovered that their herds were lost or out of control . They tried to round up the cattle and rebuild their herds with slave labor , but eventually the Emancipation Proclamation left them without the free workers on which they were so dependent . Desperate for help rounding up maverick cattle , ranchers were compelled to hire now-free , skilled African-Americans as paid cowhands .
“ Right after the Civil War , being a cowboy was one of the few jobs open to men of color who wanted to not serve as elevator operators or delivery boys or other similar occupations , ” says William Loren Katz , a scholar of African-American history and the author of 40 books on the topic , including The Black West .
Freed blacks skilled in herding cattle found themselves in even greater demand when ranchers began selling their livestock in northern states , where beef was nearly ten times more valuable than it was in cattle-inundated Texas . The lack of significant railroads in the state meant that enormous herds of cattle needed to be physically moved to shipping points in Kansas , Colorado and Missouri . Rounding up herds on horseback , cowboys traversed unforgiving trails fraught with harsh environmental conditions and attacks from Native Americans defending their lands .
African-American cowboys faced discrimination in the towns they passed through—they were barred from eating at certain restaurants or staying in certain hotels , for example—but within their crews , they found respect and a level of equality unknown to other African-Americans of the era .
Love recalled the camaraderie of cowboys with admiration . “ A braver , truer set of men never lived than these wild sons of the plains whose home was in the saddle and their couch , mother earth , with the sky for a covering , ” they wrote . “ They were always ready to share their blanket and their last ration with a less fortunate fellow companion and always assisted each other in the many trying situations that were continually coming up in a cowboy 's life . ”
One of the few representations of black cowboys in mainstream entertainment is the fictional Josh Deets in Texas novelist Larry McMurtry 's Lonesome Dove . A 1989 television miniseries based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel starred actor Danny Glover as Deets , an ex-slave turned cowboy who serves as a scout on a Texas-to-Montana cattle drive . Deets are inspired by real-life Bose Ikard , an African-American cowboy who worked on the Charles Goodnight and Oliver Loving cattle drive in the late-19th century .
The real-life Goodnight 's fondness for Ikard is clear in the epitaph they penned for the cowboy : “ Served with me four years on the Goodnight-Loving Trail , never shirked a duty or disobeyed an order , rode with me in many stampedes , participated in three engagements with Comanches . Splendid behavior . ”
“ The West was a vast open space and a dangerous place to be , ” says Katz . “ Cowboys had to depend on one another . They could n't stop in the middle of some crisis like a stampede or an attack by rustlers and sort out who 's black and who 's white . Black people operated “ on a level of equality with the white cowboys , ” they say .
The cattle drives ended by the turn of the century . Railroads became a more prominent mode of transportation in the West , barbed wire was invented , and Native Americans were relegated to reservations , all of which decreased the need for cowboys on ranches . This left many cowboys , particularly African-Americans who could not easily purchase land , in a time of rough transition .
Love fell victim to the changing cattle industry and left their life on the wild frontier to become a Pullman porter for the Denver and Rio Grande railroad . “ To us wild cowboys of the range , used to the wild and unrestricted life of the boundless plains , the new order of things did not appeal , ” they recalled . “ Many of us became disgusted and quit the wild life for the pursuits of our more civilized brother . ”
Though opportunities to become a working cowboy were on the decline , the public 's fascination with the cowboy lifestyle prevailed , making way for the popularity of Wild West shows and rodeos .
Bill Pickett , born in 1870 in Texas to former slaves , became one of the most famous early rodeo stars . They dropped out of school to become a ranch hand and gained an international reputation for their unique method of catching stray cows . Modeled after their observations of how ranch dogs caught wandering cattle , Pickett controlled a steer by biting the cow 's lip , subduing him . They performed their trick , called bulldogging or steer wrestling , for audiences around the world with the Miller Brothers ' 101 Wild Ranch Show .
“ He drew applause and admiration from young and old , cowboy to city slicker , ” remarks Katz .
In 1972 , 40 years after their death , Pickett became the first black honoree in the National Rodeo Hall of fame , and rodeo athletes still compete in a version of their event today . And they were just the beginning of a long tradition of African-American rodeo cowboys .
Love , too , participated in early rodeos . In 1876 , they earned the nickname “ Deadwood Dick ” after entering a roping competition near Deadwood , South Dakota following a cattle delivery . Six of the contestants , including Love , were “ colored cowboys . ”
“ I roped , threw , tied , bridled , saddled and mounted my mustang in exactly nine minutes from the crack of the gun , ” they recalled . “ My record has never been beaten. ” No horse ever threw them as hard as that mustang , they wrote , “ but I never stopped sticking my spurs in them and using my quirt on their flanks until I proved their master . ”
Seventy-six-year-old Cleo Hearn has been a professional cowboy since 1959 . In 1970 , they became the first African-American cowboy to win a calf-roping event at a major rodeo . They were also the first African-American to attend college on a rodeo scholarship . He 's played a cowboy in commercials for Ford , Pepsi-Cola and Levi 's , and was the first African-American to portray the iconic Marlboro Man . But being a black cowboy was n't always easy—he recalls being barred from entering a rodeo in their hometown of Seminole , Oklahoma , when they were 16 years old because of their race .
“ They used to not let black cowboys rope in front of the crowd , ” says Roger Hardaway , a professor of history at Northwestern Oklahoma State University . “ They had to rope after everybody went home or the next morning . ”
But Hearn did not let the discrimination stop them from doing what they loved . Even when they were drafted into John F. Kennedy 's Presidential Honor Guard , they continued to rope and performed at a rodeo in New Jersey . After graduating with a degree in business from Langston University , Hearn was recruited to work at the Ford Motor Company in Dallas , where they continued to compete in rodeos in their free time .
In 1971 , Hearn began producing rodeos for African-American cowboys . Today , their Cowboys of Color Rodeo recruits cowboys and cowgirls from diverse racial backgrounds . The touring rodeo features over 200 athletes who compete at several different rodeos throughout the year , including the well-known Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo .
Although Hearn aims to train young cowboys and cowgirls to enter the professional rodeo industry , their rodeo 's goals are two-fold . “ The theme of Cowboys of Color is let us educate you while we entertain you , ” they explain . “ Let us tell you the wonderful things blacks , Hispanics and Indians did for the settling of the West that history books have left out . ”
Though the forces of modernization eventually pushed Love from the life they loved , they reflected on their time as a cowboy with endearment . They wrote that they would “ ever cherish a fond and loving feeling for the old days on the range its exciting adventures , good horses , good and bad men , long venturesome rides , Indian fights and last but foremost the friends I have made and friends I have gained . I gloried in the danger , and the wild and free life of the plains , the new country I was continually traversing , and the many new scenes and incidents continually arising in the life of a rough rider . ”
African-American cowboys may still be underrepresented in popular accounts of the West , but the work of scholars such as Katz and Hardaway and cowboys like Hearn keep the memories and undeniable contributions of the early African-American cowboys alive .
FILE - In this Dec. 20 , 2017 file photo , President Donald Trump congratulates Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky. , while House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis. , looks on during a ceremony at the White House after the final passage of tax overhaul legislation . President Trump plans to open the new year by meeting with Republican congressional leaders at the rustic Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland to map out the 2018 legislative agenda . ( AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta ) The Associated Press
By DARLENE SUPERVILLE , Associated Press
WEST PALM BEACH , Fla. ( AP ) — Eager for more legislative achievements before Washington 's focus shifts to the midterm elections , President Donald Trump plans to open the new year by meeting with Republican congressional leaders to map out the 2018 legislative agenda , the White House said .
After returning to Washington from Florida , where they are spending the holidays , Trump will quickly host Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin at the rustic Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland 's Catoctin Mountains during the weekend of Jan. 6-7 , the White House said .
Spokesmen for Ryan and McConnell have confirmed they will attend .
The pow-wow will follow the recent enactment of legislation to cut taxes , beginning next year , for corporations and individuals at an estimated cost of $ 1.5 trillion added to the national debt over 10 years .
The bill marked the first major legislative achievement of 2017 for Trump and congressional Republicans , aside from confirmation of Trump 's Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch . Trump and the GOP had made cutting taxes a must-do item this year after the Senate failed to close the deal on the party 's promise to repeal and replace the Obama health care law .
The tax bill ends the requirement that all Americans buy health insurance or pay a fine , which is a key component of the Affordable Care Act , but leaves intact other features of the health care law . No Democrats voted for the tax bill , which Trump signed at the White House before they flew to Florida on Friday .
The agenda for next year is already lengthy , and 2018 is still a few days away .
Trump predicted in a tweet earlier this week that Democrats and Republicans will `` eventually come together '' to develop a new health care plan . The president is also forecasting unity between the parties on spending to upgrade aging roads , bridges and other transportation . The White House has said Trump will unveil their long-awaited infrastructure plan in January .
Ryan , meanwhile , has talked about overhauling Medicaid and Medicare and other safety-net programs , but McConnell has signaled an unwillingness to go that route unless there 's Democratic support for any changes . Trump has also said they want to pursue `` welfare reform '' next year because `` people are taking advantage of the system . ''
Congress , meanwhile , will open the year needing to clear a backlog from 2017 .
The list includes agreeing on a spending bill by Jan. 19 to avert a partial government shutdown and efforts to boost Pentagon spending . Lawmakers also need to agree on billions in additional aid to help hurricane victims , lifting the debt ceiling , extending a children 's health insurance program and extending protections for immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children . Trump tweeted earlier in the year that they were ending the program for the immigrants . They gave lawmakers until Jan. 5 to come up with a legislative solution .
Much of the work will need to be done before Republicans shift their focus to the midterm elections that take place November 2018 . The GOP wants to hang onto its House and Senate majorities .
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Villagers in Bengkala signing the symbol for `` love . '' All photos by the author
Those who visit Bali tends to rely on English , which many locals can speak . Fewer visitors have mastered Indonesian , the official language . Balinese is hardly spoken among those who are n't natives . But up in the jungle of northern Bali , there 's an even more elusive , geographically-consolidated language , foreign to even the native Balinese : kata kolok , a language that 's never even been spoken .
Kata kolok , known as `` the talk of the deaf , '' is a unique , rural sign language , independent of international or Indonesian sign language . It 's been the primary mode of communication in the northern Bali jungle village of Bengkala for generations , where a high percentage of residents are deaf . In Balinese , Bengkala is sometimes called `` Desa Kolok '' —the deaf village .
An archway marks the entrance to Bengkala village
Bengkala has had a higher than normal deaf-since-birth population for over seven generations . Today , 42 of Bengkala 's almost-3,000 villagers have been deaf since birth . By comparison , about two or three births per 1,000 in the United States produce a deaf or hard of hearing child . The high percentage of deafness is caused by a geographically-centric recessive gene , called DFNB3 , which has been present in the village for over seven generations . For years , villagers believed the deafness was the result of a curse .
`` The famous story is that two people with magic powers fought each other and then cursed each other to be deaf , '' said Ida Mardana , the mayor of Bengkala village , who speaks Balinese , Indonesian , and English , in addition to signing kata kolok . `` The meaning of Bengkala is ' a place for someone to hide . ' ''
Ida Mardana , the mayor of Bengkala village
Rather than ostracizing deaf residents , villagers in Bengkala have adapted to a deaf lifestyle . Throughout the village , people speak with their hands . Hearing villagers teach their children kata kolok in the home as a second or third language , planting seeds of equality that grow through adulthood—an adulthood that could consist of raising a deaf child of one 's own , since almost 10 percent of hearing people in the village carry the recessive deafness gene .
`` Deaf students learn together with hearing students here , '' Mardana told me . `` The teacher uses speaking and sign language at the same time . '' As a result , nearly everyone knows kata kolok ; the deaf and mute population can communicate with ease . As one writer put it , in a book called Invisible People , `` Being deaf [ in Bengkala ] is not something that is carried by the kolok alone . It 's something that belongs to the entire community . ''
Wayan Sandi and Wayan Ngarda , villagers in Bengkala
The differences between the deaf and the hearing are smaller here than almost anywhere in the world . `` I feel equal like everyone else , '' signs 72-year-old village elder , Wayan Sandi , pressing their index fingers together to stress the word equal . `` We are one in the community here . ''
But if communication has become a non-issue for those within the village , it still poses problems outside , where deaf villagers have trouble selling goods at local markets and ca n't communicate with those who do n't know their unique form of sign language . The majority of Bengkala 's villagers , like Sandi , are poor farmers who grow bananas , mangoes , guava , and elephant grass , and care for a handful of cows and pigs and a few hundred chickens . At the local market , they have to use weighted stones and hand gestures to sell the fruits of their labor .
`` Sometimes [ the deaf villagers ] face a little difficulty communicating , '' said Kadek Sami , a hearing woman who has two hearing children with a deaf husband . `` But they overcome with simple signing . ''
The younger generation of deaf in Bengkala have started to embrace new forms of communication—smart phones , social media , and international sign language . In recent years , more deaf teenagers have enrolled in a nearby deaf boarding school in Jimbaran , where they can learn Indonesian Sign Language and integrate with a broader community of deaf people in the country .
Still , only five deaf villagers in Bengkala are literate . For Mardana , who has been the mayor since 2010 , that 's not good enough . The village is poor and the level of education is low—both problems that are even worse among the the deaf villagers who ca n't communicate with the outside world .
Read : Why Some Parents Choose to Have a Deaf Baby
`` The kolok [ deaf villagers ] want to be better people , '' Mardana told me . `` I want them to start getting involved with the community , so they can help themselves and get a better income . ''
Through Mardana 's efforts , the Indonesian government and Indonesian energy giant Pertamina have recently supplied the village with farming infrastructure , new buildings , and programs to provide training in new skills , like weaving , to the kolok . On an international level , scientists , sociologists , and deaf tourists have all trickled into the village to study or simply witness the little-known , genetically-forged society . Few , however , stay long enough to make a lasting impact .
Statues line the deaf dance hall in northern Bali
Instead , the most empowering initiative to date has been the introduction and development of janger kolok , or `` the dance of the deaf . '' The specific style of dance , created with Bengkala 's deaf population in mind , and has been the pride of Bengkala and the village 's most creative outlet for three decades .
The Deaf Dancers of Bengkala take the stage roughly three times a month . The group is made up of 16 deaf villagers , ages 16 to 72 , who perform synchronized dance routines . While some performances take place in the village and at a local university , their highest profile performances are held at Bali Krishna , a modern exhibition hall in northern Bali . Sandi , the group leader , hopes they will one day become `` the number one dance group in all of Indonesia . ''
On Noisey : A Man Who 's Been Deaf Their Whole Life Talks About Hearing Music for the First Time
The magic , of course , is in the synchronization . Without music , it 's difficult to keep rhythm , and yet the Deaf Dancers of Bengkala step perfectly in time with each other , using visual cues to keep the beat .
`` I saw the performance once , and they were so enthusiastic that I wanted to help them with their movements , '' said local singer and volunteer Putu Gedeasnawa . `` We are working on synchronizing at the moment . The power of the dance is in the eyes . ''
All profits from janger kolok in Bengkala go to the dancers , which Mardana hopes will help create a more consistent performance schedule and boost tourism to Bengkala . The village wants to increase the income of the deaf population , but they also want to increase tourism to the village , to expose others to the `` oneness '' between deaf and hearing people in Bengkala .
`` Outside the village , I assume they think normal is better , '' signs the 72-year-old Sandi . `` I feel the same as everyone else here in Bengkala . ''
Follow Matt Alesevich on Twitter .
The IRS leaked the National Organization for Marriage 's tax returns to the Human Rights Campaign , who helped oust Brendan Eich .
Via First Things :
Silicon Valley is in an uproar . Angry blog posts have been written , resignations tendered , and boycotts organized , with no sign that the furor is likely to abate . Seeing such ruckus , a casual observer might assume that some fallout had finally resulted from the shocking revelation that several of the largest names in the technology industry—including Google , Apple , Intel , and others—have secretly colluded to drive down wages among software engineers and executives for the better part of the past decade . In fact it concerns nothing of the sort , but rather the appointment of a man named Brendan Eich to the role of CEO of the Mozilla Corporation , makers of the popular Firefox web browser .
The one thing all sides can agree on is that Eich , on paper , is very well suited to the job . Their most notable technical achievement is the invention of the Javascript programming language , and while some of us might sniff at the poor design decisions which made that language notoriously unpleasant to work with , it is incontestable that it forms the underpinnings of much of the modern web . Indeed , a great deal of the complexity in a modern web browser is devoted to interpreting JavaScript as quickly and correctly as possible , and a staggering amount of work has gone into finding ever more baroque methods of optimizing its execution . Eich themselves is quite familiar with all of this labor , having served in senior technical roles at Mozilla since they co-founded it . In fact , they have worked there almost continuously for the past sixteen years—an aeon in Silicon Valley—and is widely-known and liked within the company , the non-profit foundation that controls it , and the broader community of programmers around it .
Why , then , the ruckus ? Amazingly enough , it is entirely due to the fact that Eich made a $ 1,000 donation to the campaign urging a ‘ yes ' vote on California 's Proposition 8 . When this fact first came to light in 2012 , after the Internal Revenue Service leaked a copy of the National Organization for Marriage 's 2008 tax return to a gay-advocacy group , Eich , who was then CTO of Mozilla , published a post on their personal blog stating that their donation was not motivated by any sort of animosity towards gays or lesbians , and challenging those who did not believe this to cite any “ incident where I displayed hatred , or ever treated someone less than respectfully because of group affinity or individual identity . ”
Keep reading…
While rainfall over the entire country falls under the normal category , distribution of rain has been a far cry from IMD scientists ' forecast
With the end of September , the monsoon in India also draws to a close . At the end of the four months , India received 841.3mm of rain , five per cent below the normal rainfall of 887.5mm . The monsoon partially vindicates India 's met department that had predicted a `` normal '' monsoon ( +20 per cent to –20 per cent departure from the average ) during the two long forecasts it issued for the season . Of the 36 meteorological sub-divisions , six sub-divisions across seven states in Central and North India have ended the season with deficits of more than 20 per cent while five subdivisions in Southern , Western and Northeastern parts of the country received rainfall excesses of more than 20 per cent . Overall , around a third of the country received deficit rains by more than 20 per cent .
While rainfall over the entire country falls under the normal category , distribution of rain has been a far-cry from IMD scientists ' forecast . Surprisingly , the arid regions in the West and the rain-shadow region of Tamil Nadu have received the highest excesses in rainfall . The worst hit by deficit rains is Uttar Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh and the drought-prone regions of Maharashtra . Eight of Vidarbha 's 11 districts are reeling under deficits of more than 20 per cent . The stark nature of the distribution can easily be seen between Western and Eastern Rajasthan . While the arid zone has received rains far above normal , more than half of the districts in Eastern Rajasthan are in the red .
Time-wise too , a `` new normal '' was clearly evident . The monsoon never recovered from a stuttered start which saw progress stall for over 10 days of the western coast . A look at the week-by-week distribution chart of the season shows that the overall normal situation has been arrived more by large excesses cancelling out heavy deficits rather than a balanced or uniform distribution . Less than one-fifth of more than 12,000 weekly observations fall under the normal category . Across the country , weekly distribution shows extreme rain concentrated over a few days interspersed with long periods of heavy deficits . This is the same pattern broadly visible over all regions of the country ( No data from some parts of Northeast India ) . The large number of floods reported from across the country is evidence to the same .
While the final numbers point to a normal monsoon this year , the poor timing could have a profound impact on agriculture . Losses were reported in the first-half of the season from Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and Karnataka . A combination of heavy deficits and poor timing of rains in northern India are bound to affect agricultural productivity this season . While drought-like conditions will likely be experienced in large parts of the country , it remains to be seen how many states declare drought with the enforcement of the new drought manual . Under the conditions set by the manual , states are entitled to central assistance for droughts only when they are deemed to be severely hit . The primary indicator is based on rainfall quantity but overlooks distribution—an equally critical factor for agricultural yields .
Although the season has officially ended , meteorologically , the monsoon is currently winding up . According to the IMD , the withdrawal has crossed the National Capital Region and is currently progressing over Uttarakhand , Western UP , Eastern Rajasthan and Gujarat . Some parts of the South and Northeast India are expected to receive some of the last showers of the current monsoon season over the coming days .
Ballast Point Sculpin IPA Review
Dave Jensen ( beer47 ) Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 1 , 2011
Ballast Point Sculpin IPA is a delicious IPA where dominated by citrusy hops yet with an expertly crafted balance of sweetness and bitterness . Sculpin IPA comes out of San Diego , CA from Ballast Point Brewing Company . Ballast Point was founded in 1996 after two home brewers , Jack White and Yuseff , built a brewery in the back of a homebrew shop that White had opened 4 years prior .
In the years since opening , Ballast Point grew their reputation of producing well crafted and delicious beer . It was exciting to finally find their top notch beer available in the San Francisco Bay Area , especially Sculpin IPA , which won a Gold Medal at the World Beer Cup in 2010 for International Pale Ale .
Although Ballast Point produces a wonderful line of craft beer Sculpin IPA and Calico Amber are consistently beers that I seek out and clear off the shelves whenever I see them available .
Date Reviewed . June 14 , 2011
Where I Found It . La Beau Nob Hill Market , San Francisco , CA
Serving Type . 22oz . bottle to nonick pint glass
Appearance . Although it started to pour crystal clear , the agitation of pouring must have loosened some sediment and it eventually poured as hazy glowing golden orange color . The head is slightly off white with good retention with a thick foamy texture . It leaves a nice thin lacing on the sides of the glass .
Aroma . Sculpin IPA has wonderful floral hop notes with a strong bouquet of citrus-like sweet oranges , ruby red grapefruit , and a touch of pine . It has a malty-sweet aroma , which is almost biscuit-like in nature . The sweet citrus hops combined with this malt aromas almost reminds me of a slightly melted gourmet creamsicle , made of orange sorbet and creamy vanilla ice cream .
Taste . This is an excellent tasting IPA with just the perfect balance of sweetness and hop bitterness . This is certainly not a dry IPA and I might go so far as to describe it as just a little sweet but not overly so . The effect of the sweetness is enhanced by the floral and citrus aromas that you experience while drinking it . The bitterness is slightly harsh but not quite as prickly as a sculpin fish . The bitterness and builds on your palette over time but is cooled by the sweet malt flavors .
Mouthfeel . It is a full-bodied beer with a smooth and a nearly velvety texture that helps contrast and cool against the ever building bitterness accumulating on your palette .. The carbonation is just the right level .
Overall . Starting with the pour and the light color , this beer is inviting you to quaff it down . As you bring it close to you mouth , the aromas from Sculpin IPA get you salivating until you taste this wonderful IPA . The sweetness and the bitterness combine into a wonderful experience . I would n't consider this a dessert beer by any means but I also would not characterize it as a crisp and refreshing beer . It is a slightly-sweet very-hoppy IPA . As you can see by my rating the high point is the wonderful aromas , which Ballast Point has mastered in so many of their beers . The taste does not disappoint and the aroma is incredible .
Rating . Ratings below are on a five point scale with five being the best score .
Appearance ( 6 % ) : 4.0
Aroma ( 24 % ) : 5.0
Taste ( 40 % ) : 4.5
Mouthfeel ( 10 % ) : 5.0
Overal ( 20 % ) : 4.5
Total : 4.64/5
Reviewed by Dave Jensen .
Information
Style : American IPA
American IPA Brewery : Ballast Point Brewing Company [ more info ]
Ballast Point Brewing Company [ more info ] Alcohol by volume : 7 %
7 % Bitterness : 70 IBU
Other Reviews
Other Reviews of Sculpin IPA
Guest Beer Review : Sculpin IPA — By Bernardo Pena | BarleyPop — A Beer Blog
Got ta love having friends that are as passionate about beer as much as I am . Mr. Bernardo Pena , close friend of 20+ years has been sending me tons of texts about all the beers he 's been trying in LA and abroad the past few years .
Sculpin IPA | Mike Loves Beer
Name — Sculpin IPACountry — United StatesType — American IPA A little over a week ago I did my first video review for Ballast Point 's Big Eye IPA . And during I said that a review would be coming soon the IPA brother in the Ballast Point household , Sculpin .
The Barley Blog » Ballast Point Sculpin IPA
California 's Ballast Point Brewing makes an IPA that , when I can find it , is a favorite of the household here on the East coast . My wife and I have enjoyed the piny , hoppy Big Eye IPA on several occasions through the years .
Cleveland Food and Brews-CraftBeer : Ballast Point Sculpin IPA
Here is what the Brewer says : The Sculpin is a testament to our humble beginnings as Home Brew Mart . It showcases bright flavors and aromas of apricot , peach , mango & lemon . The lighter body also brings out the crispness of the hops .
Awards & Accolades
Ballast Point Sculpin IPA — Voted Best IPA ! | thefullpint.com
We had a close race for our Best IPA poll . With so many tasty , hoppy dank IPAs to choose from , San Diego 's Ballast Point Brewing and Spirits Sculpin IPA came out on top as the Best IPA . While there was nothing in the rules discouraging disproportionate voting , this poll was pretty even Steven as far as online polls go .
ROME ( Reuters ) - The Italian government approved a law on Wednesday that will almost halve the number of provinces as part of a drive to cut the heavy cost of regional administrations .
The decree , which will cut the number of provinces to 51 from 86 at present , is part of a broader effort to attack the bloated cost of Italy 's local and regional governments , a notorious source of waste and inefficiency .
Prime Minister Mario Monti has been conducting a wide ranging review of public spending to try to eliminate waste and help control Italy 's mammoth public debt which amounts to some 126 percent of gross domestic product .
The government gave no estimate of the savings it expected from the reform but said it would have a clearer idea once a wider reorganization of local and regional administrations was complete .
Approved at a cabinet meeting on Wednesday , the decree includes large cities such as Milan , which will incorporate the province of Monza , but does not include semi-autonomous regions such as Sicily .
The provinces , which are responsible for functions including motor vehicle registries and some schools are part of a complex , overlapping web of local administrations that includes municipal , provincial and regional governments .
Under the decree , the provincial governments will be abolished from 2013 . It also includes measures to prevent local officials from holding several offices at once .
The cabinet also approved a separate package of measures intended to cut 40 million euros a year from the cost of regional governments , by reducing waste and inefficiency .
A short video from Minnesota ( which has been pulled from YouTube since the writing of this article ) spotlights shameful behavior by elected Democrats , supposedly interested in conducting a `` national conversation on guns . ''
At a meeting , two firearms experts came forward to speak , bringing with them two common Ruger 10/22 rifles that had been cleared by security . The purpose of their presentation was to explain how the gun-control laws currently being proposed would outlaw only a gun 's cosmetic features while not affecting the functionality of the firearms in any measurable way in terms of rate of fire and accuracy .
In the video , DFL legislators simply arise and exit without explanation . They avoid learning details from the presentation about the very firearms they seek to legislate out of existence .
Rob Doar , one of the experts speaking , felt insulted . They responded on Twitter :
I 'm insulted that House Pub Safety Cmte members would walk while I educated them on the shortfalls of the bill # HF241 # mnleg # mngunhearings — Rob Doar ( @ robdoar ) February 6 , 2013
@ johncroman @ julienelsonkare they all walked out together quietlyin the middle of my testimony . — Rob Doar ( @ robdoar ) February 7 , 2013
It certainly does appear that elected officials left the room to avoid expert testimony that would have better educated them about the issues they intended to legislate on .
Would DFL Rep. Debra Hilstrom exit during expert testimony about restrictions to your freedom of speech ? It would be disrespectful to the expert called forth to testify , and their constituents would likely chastise them for arrogance . Would DFL Rep. Shannon Savick simply walk away from a minister , rabbi , or imam speaking about threats to the freedom of religion ? Would DFL Rep. Erik Simonson flee the room while a bridge engineer testifies that a law under discussion would leave roads less safe ? Would DFL Rep. Dan Schoen bolt if a doctor testified that certain medical procedures actually pose more risk to the patient than the disease itself ? Would DFL Rep. Linda Slocum leave a room in another situation to avoid a challenge to their preexisting opinion ?
We must now assume they all would after witnessing this exit . They may as well have stuck their fingers in their ears .
U.S . Senator Dianne Feinstein sweeps a room full of their supporters with a magazine in , safety off and in the fully automatic position , chamber closed , and finger on the trigger of an AK-47 .
Democrats claim a desire for a `` national conversation '' about the role of firearms in our society , but this display stated a preference for an emotional , callous argument . They claim to care about reducing gun violence , but faced with the prospect of learning about the firearms they would ban , the intent of the Founders , which guns they would want us to have , and the actual impact of broad laws they would pass , they refused to participate .
In the video , DFL Rep. and committee chair Michael Paymar proudly expresses a contempt for hearing the facts in a technical presentation .
We have also witnessed demagoguery , with claims of a desire to want `` weapons of war off the streets '' per President Obama -- a blatant falsehood . Military firearms are not featured in a single one of the laws proposed nationwide , as selective-fire and fully automatic firearms have been heavily regulated since the National Firearms Act of 1934 . They have also been banned from future manufacture for the general public since the Hughes Amendment to the Firearm Owners Protection Act became law in 1986 .
These Democrats in the video , and other nationally prominent Democrats including the president , have not demonstrated a desire for a `` national conversation . '' They have instead demonstrably lied to constituents and bullied gun-rights advocates .
The demonstration in Minnesota was worth listening to ; I will repeat the details here .
The Ruger 10/22 rifle pictured below -- possibly the single most popular rimfire rifle in the United States for hunters , plinkers , and target shooters -- would be fine to own under the proposed legislation :
Factory standard Ruger 10/22
But if one were to remove the wood stock and replace it with one made of black plastic , as done below , it would be banned as an `` assault weapon '' :
Top : the same basic Ruger 10/22 from above has had its wood stock removed and then placed into Archangel plastic stock furniture for the 10/22 , with a plastic replica of a military M7 bayonet . This is now an `` assault weapon . '' Bottom : the plastic Archangel furniture , sans actual Ruger 10/22 .
Taking that same common Ruger 10/22 and putting it into this Tapco stock ...
Tapco Intrafuse stock for the Ruger 10/22
... also would qualify the plinking/hunting/target rifle as an `` assualt weapon '' according to Democratic gun-control advocates at the state and national level .
The barrel is unchanged . The trigger and action are the same . The firearm 's cartridges are the same . The gun shoots no faster . It does n't shoot with more power . The only real base enhancement offered by these aftermarket stocks is that they are adjustable , so that they can be lengthened or shortened by a few inches so that people of varying proportions can shoot comfortably .
Do Democrats simply wish to disarm unusually short or tall people ? Will this save lives ?
The 10/22 is just one example of hundreds that the firearms experts in Minnesota could have chosen to present to the shameless DFL legislators : the M1A .308 rifle ( the most popular centerfire rifle sold in the United States ) , the AR-15 , or various other shotguns , handguns , and rifles could have been utilized to make the exact same case .
A rational person should question the competence of these legislators and their commitment to reason , but they do n't seem to be available for discussion .
Also read :
“ Verita $ ” was the best seller in Korea , author Shin Eun-jung 's native country , because they asks the question that 's hardly ever asked : Why Harvard ?
Eun-jung says the third word a Korean baby learns , after “ Mom ” and “ Dad , ” is “ Harvard. ” They argue that this is a tragedy , because Harvard is n't the global intellectual powerhouse of reputation .
Now , there are plenty of criticisms of Harvard , though rarely the one Eun-jung levels : that Harvard swanned its way to dominance by maintaining a false front of liberalism when it is , in fact , an arm of the governing right .
“ Verita $ ” recites a litany of bad acts : the Salem witch trials , eugenics , a so-called “ collaboration ” with Joseph Goebbels and Heinrich Himmler , architects of financial collapse such as Robert Rubin and Larry Summers , McCarthyism , racism , sexism , tyrannical labor practices and “ a poison called elitism . ”
Them list is long . I might add Harvard produces such venerable alumni as Henry Kissinger , Ted Kaczynski and Dr. Oz .
The institutional corruption stems from Harvard 's hungry endowment , Eun-jung says . The Harvard Corporation invests wisely if not well , for instance backing Enron , then mysteriously cashing out before it tanked the energy markets . This black box of university finance , they say , shows Harvard is an undemocratic pawn of international corporate overlords .
“ This made me wonder : Why would Harvard go through the trouble of hiring leftist professors in the first place , if they are only going to marginalize them while they 're there ? ” they ask . “ After thinking about this question , the answer became obvious : Harvard 's pride in the myth of its progressive character . ”
I wish the author understood how hiring decisions are made — that is , in departments and not some sinister university-wide level . Also , that Harvard tends not to raise its own faculty . The assistant professorship is nicknamed “ the folding chair , ” as there is slim chance of rising to tenure .
It would have been nice too if the author had spent enough time on campus to unpack the multiple Harvards : the college , the professional schools ( law , business , medicine , dentistry , design , education ) , the divinity school , school of government , oodles of institutes and an extension school .
When writing about Harvard , it is helpful to ask , which one ? There might not be a monolith called Harvard .
Within the college — the core of Harvard 's elite brand — there are many mansions : WASP legacy Harvard , the dirty white baseball hats of athletics and male-only drinking clubs ; the precious , artsy and gay Harvard ; a drone-like premed Harvard , and so on . These Harvards hardly know each other after first-year student year — they are all too busy taking over the world .
I confess I am a child of the hegemama , class of 1996 , and it was fascinating ( by that I mean tedious ) to read what other people think of mea mater .
The greatest criticism I , as a graduate , can lob goes unmentioned in “ Verita $ ” : Harvard takes the finest collection of scholars and the ablest young minds and throws them together in the most mediocre educational infrastructure .
But are impressionable students really being brainwashed into right-wing conservatives ? Hardly . There are hundreds of examples of notable graduates from both sides of the aisle . George W. Bush graduated from its business school , Elizabeth Warren from its law school .
“ Verita $ ” is on more solid ground when it takes the university to task on the taboo subject of class in the classroom . Harvard selects students primarily from advantaged backgrounds . Blue-collar kids have a hard time finding each other . Harvard can and should do better .
With a fraction of the endowment , Stanford recently announced free undergraduate tuition for families making less than $ 125,000 a year . That would be a good start .
Let us stipulate that “ Verita $ ” is true , every terrible charge . We are left with the question : Who cares ?
I happily concede Harvard is a massive , moneyed institution lurking with unnamed evil , but I ca n't grant the warrant that an exposé on this order matters .
Eun-jung 's Harvard is attended by straw men . Is some other school a nobler model ? When rebels topple the John Harvard statue guarding University Hall , who replaces him ? If Harvard were not Harvard , every other elite university already is .
Eun-jung 's book reads like a campus tour delivered by an embittered sophomore . But I would not hesitate to recommend it as a graduation present to this year 's seniors denied admission at the world 's fanciest university .
Michael Laudrup : Looking for Swansea to build on last season
Success in the Capital One Cup last season has carried the Swans into the Europa League , with the Welsh outfit holding a 4-0 lead over Malmo heading into the second leg of their third qualifying round tie on Thursday .
A productive run through continental competition would be welcome at the Liberty Stadium , but they must ensure that it is not allowed to become a distraction and a hindrance to their domestic efforts .
Laudrup insists they will not allow that to become an issue , with the Dane focused on building on last season 's ninth-place top flight finish .
They said : `` Success for us this season will be to consolidate the team as a mid-table side in the Premier League . That would be fantastic to do so for a third consecutive year .
`` It 's not easy because the teams below us last season have invested hard as they want to go up the table . Newcastle , West Ham and Southampton , among others , want to do that .
`` We have the other competitions - the FA Cup , League Cup and Europa League and we will just have to take them step by step . But the main thing for me is the Premier League . ''
Competitive
With their priorities laid out , Laudrup feels early European football could work in Swansea 's favour - as they ready themselves for a visit from reigning champions Manchester United on the opening weekend of the new season .
They added : `` When you go in from pre-season to the first game in the league , I think every manager has doubts about where their team are .
`` I felt the same last season before we went to London to face QPR . You do n't know how it will go .
`` That is because friendly games are very different . The first half is okay , but in the second half you get 15 changes across the two sides .
`` But in competitive games , like these two we are playing against Malmo , you do n't get that . So it is very good for us . ''
( Reuters ) - A trio of oral medicines from Abbott Laboratories Inc to treat hepatitis C produced unprecedented cure rates in patients who had failed to benefit from standard treatment , as well as very high cure rates for newly treated patients , Abbott said on Saturday .
Detailed data from the mid-stage trial , called Aviator , were released Saturday at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Study of Liver Disease ( AASLD ) in Boston .
Investors and patients have very high hopes for the Abbott drugs - a protease inhibitor called ABT-450 , a polymerase inhibitor ABT-333 and ABT-267 from a class known as NS5A inhibitors . They are used without interferon , an injectable standard treatment that causes flu-like symptoms .
Abbott said it plans to move ahead with large Phase III studies of the three drugs , used either with or without the standard antiviral pill ribavirin , based on favorable results seen in patients treated for eight weeks or twelve weeks in the Aviator study . Patients in the study had the most common , and hardest-to-treat , strain of hepatitis C known as Genotype 1 .
Some 93 percent of patients who failed prior therapy had a sustained virologic response ( SVR ) , meaning they were considered cured , after 12 weeks of taking the trio of new drugs , plus ribavirin .
“ Nobody anywhere has broken the 50 percent mark in ( cure rates ) for this population , ” Scott Brun , a senior Abbott research executive said in an interview . “ These are robust results . ”
Abbott said it aims to be the first company to market an interferon-free regimen to patients with Genotype 1 infections .
Four of 448 patients in the study discontinued treatment due to adverse events , a dropout rate that Abbott said suggested the medicines were very well tolerated .
About 97 percent of previously untreated patients were considered cured after 12 weeks of treatment with the three Abbott drugs , plus ribavirin . Moreover , similarly impressive cure rates were seen among patients taking the three drugs , plus ribavirin , for 8 weeks .
Without ribavirin , 87 percent of previously untreated patients were considered cured after 12 weeks on Abbott 's three drugs , Abbott said .
Rival drugmaker Gilead Sciences Inc stole a bit of Abbott 's thunder on Saturday by releasing data showing a 100 percent cure rate among previously untreated genotype 1 patients who took only two of its oral treatments , plus ribavirin , for 12 weeks .
A pair of new hepatitis C drugs approved last year , Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc 's Incivek and Merck & Co 's Victrelis , significantly boosted cure rates and cut treatment duration to as low as 24 weeks for some patients . But the protease inhibitors must still be taken with interferon , an injected drug that often causes severe flu-like symptoms that lead many hepatitis patients to delay or discontinue treatment .
Gilead , Bristol-Myers Squibb Co and Vertex are racing to develop interferon-free treatment regimens . They are expected to become blockbuster products , if approved , because of their far shorter treatment times and better cure rates , compared with existing drug regimens .
Many analysts view Gilead as current leader both on timing and perceived advantages of its experimental hepatitis C program .
An estimated 3 million Americans are believed infected with the virus , which quietly damages the liver over years or decades and is the biggest reason for liver transplants in the United States . Abbott said as many as 170 million people worldwide are infected .
The device was the brainchild of Doug Engelbart and their team at Stanford Research Institute in California , who were looking for a new way to control their computers . Before the mouse scrolled its way onto the scene , the team had been using light pens , similar to those favoured by radar operators during the war , to navigate around their screens .
Although the team tried a variety of new input methods , it was the mouse that proved the most successful . `` The mouse won in every category [ of tests ] , even though it had never been used before , '' recalled Mr Engelbart . `` It was faster , and with it people made fewer mistakes . ''
No-one can remember who started calling the wooden device a `` mouse '' , but the name stuck , and the gadget went on to become one of the most significant developments in the history of computing . Apple was the first company to really take the idea of mouse control to the mass market , but it was Microsoft , who developed an entire operating system around the input capabilities of the mouse , that cemented its place in the public consciousness .
For years , the mouse has remained the pre-eminent computer controller . While the rubbery track-pad may have made way for infra-red sensors , and some mice now offer so many buttons and personalisation options that they would n't seem out of place on a space shuttle , its simplicity and ease of use has guaranteed its place in users ' hearts . In fact , just this week Logitech , one of the biggest mouse makers in the world , announced it had turned out its billionth mouse .
But the mouse could soon find its days numbered , as hardware manufacturers and software developers seek new and improved ways of simplifying the interaction between people and technology .
Some experts predict that within the next decade , the mouse could be consigned to the digital scrapheap , as more and more computer uses turn to touch-screens and gesture-recognition to control their computers . `` I very much doubt that we 'll be using the mouse in 40 years ' time , '' says Steve Prentice , an analyst with Gartner .
Here , we take a look at some of the emerging technologies that could signal the last click for the mouse :
Touch-screens
This year will surely be remembered as the year of the touch-screen . Everything from mobile phones and personal multimedia players to computers now feature touch-screen technology , and devices such as the Apple iPhone have bought what was previously a niche , specialist and expensive technology to a wider audience . Some PC manufacturers have already started to introduce touch-screen interfaces into their computers . The HP TouchSmart , for instance , allows users to literally flick through their music and photo collections by moving their finger across the screen , and it provides one-touch access to the internet and social-networking sites . Microsoft 's prototype Surface computer takes this a stage further . This table-like tablet computer responds to natural hand gestures as well as touch , and Microsoft is working on its object-recognition capabilities , too . It means that in future , Surface could be built into kitchen worktops and used to provide step-by-step recipe information for whatever ingredients you place on it , or in bars and restaurants so that when you place a credit card on the Surface , your bill is automatically paid . Expect to see responsive touch-screens built into more and more devices in the coming years , especially portable gadgets . `` The mouse works fine in the desktop environment but for home entertainment or working on a notebook it 's over , '' said Mr Prentice .
Face- and gesture-recognition
The Holy Grail for developers is finding a way to translate natural gestures and movements into a precise means of controlling objects . Take the average digital camera as an example : most of these devices offer clever features , such as face-recognition and blink and smile detection to help you take the perfect photo . But the processing power and software that enables even a small , relatively basic device like a camera to discern and differentiate between facial expressions could clearly be put to even more impressive use on a larger scale . It wo n't be long before our televisions are operated not by remote control , but by our hands and the movement of our eyes .
Panasonic already has a prototype home entertainment system that can recognise when a viewer lifts their hands towards the screen and gestures to change the volume or call up the programme guide .
Games consoles , such as the Nintendo Wii , have used gesture-recognition to great effect , and are helping people grow used to the idea of making precise movements using wireless , motion-sensitive devices . A company called Oblong Industries is even working on a set of gloves , similar to those used by Tom Cruise in the film Minority Report , to control computers . It believes its G-Speak gloves allow for more precise manipulation of on-screen menus and information than can be achieved with the drag-and-click mechanism of the traditional mouse . Oblong Industries estimate that the G-Speak will be commercially available within the next two years , compatible with all computers , and costing around £20 .
Emotive systems
`` People are very interested in a simpler way of navigating information , '' said Microsoft founder Bill Gates earlier this year . And what could be simpler than controlling a computer or other gadgets simply through the power of thought ? It may sound like science fiction , but manufacturers are already working on devices that can translate thoughts into actions . The Emotiv Epoc headset , for instance , allows players to control computer games using just their thoughts , expressions and emotions , rather than a joystick . The wireless `` neuroheadset '' can be trained by the user to distinguish between subtle thoughts , feelings and wordless instructions , such as expressions of shock or even a grimace . The device is expected to go on sale early next year , and other manufacturers , such as EmSense , are also working on similar technology .
To anyone not living in the alternate Clinton-ite universe , a new Fox News poll showing Bernie Sanders as the most popular American politician is not surprising .
According to the poll , the Vermont Senator had the highest favorables among Democratic voters — much to the chagrin of MSNBC 's Joy Reid , whose go to is , “ But he 's not even a Democrat ! ” — and independent voters .
He 's also tied with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer as most popular among Republican voters , which really means Sanders is viewed most favorably since Schumer is , in many ways , a Republican in Democrats ' clothing .
So , gee gosh , Jolly Jim ! A progressive who sparked a monumental movement calling for the end of the 40-year Republican and neoliberal money-funneling-to-the-rich scheme , universal healthcare , free public college tuition , and investing in America is — wait for it — wildly popular .
But the Democratic establishment and elitist corporate media is stewing in denial , highlighted by The Washington Post 's comical headline that could n't bring itself to actually say Sanders is the most popular politician in America : “ Bernie Sanders remains one of America 's most popular politicians , ” the Post wrote .
In a Twitter exchange with this humble columnist , the author , Washington Post writer Phillip Bump , provided this weaksauce excuse :
@ JordanChariton Trying holding your breath . Or show me a poll that includes every politician . — Philip Bump ( @ pbump ) March 17 , 2017
Right , so the Washington Post and others routinely make declarations from polls that do n't include all politicians or institutions—except if the poll is positive for Bernie Sanders .
On the bright side , at least the piece was n't written by new Post columnist John Podesta , who , you know , was given column space for their incredible job as Hillary Clinton ‘ s campaign chairperson , with duties including smearing Sanders , pushing a weak candidate , and losing to a reality-TV-star .
And it 's not just the media . The Democratic Party has been doing everything humanly possible to avoid the inevitable fate of having to embrace Sanders ' progressive policies for electoral success . Just look at the DNC Transition Advisory Committee : A Murderers ' Row of Clinton allies with just one true-blue progressive on it . As DNC Chair Tom Perez kept saying : We 'll lead with our values . And they certainly are .
Does Trump have questionable financial ties to Russia that could influence their decisions as president ? Absolutely .
Are they doing monstrous things as president ? Absolutely .
It 's fine to point those things out and demand action . But , the Democrats are obsessing over them to the point of completely ignoring all other substantive , progressive issues .
The reason ? If they admit Sanders and progressive ideology has taken over the Party — hell , the country — then they have to start pushing for policies that their donors wo n't accept : Tax hikes on the wealthy , tax hikes on investments , strengthening unions and worker protections , campaign finance reform , etc .
But , if they tread water with the singular focuses on Russia and the ‘ resistance , ' Democrats will continue to toss occasional bones to Sanders without actually trying to embrace any of their policies . This Democratic denial , which is aided by the party 's media allies in print and cable news , will go on for another few years .
Similar to during the campaign , we will hear endless ranting about Trump — along with other hyped up , Russia-type ‘ scandals ' thrown in — with little focus on the plight of workers , minorities , or the voters Democrats say they 're fighting for . All of which ( despite trolls on Twitter who blame folks like me ) , points only to the Democratic Party helping to pave the road for a Trump reelection .
If they do n't change now , do n't be surprised if we get eight years of the current monstrosity .
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
Jordan Chariton is a Reporter for The Young Turks , covering politics , corruption , inequality , and social injustice . He 's also a columnist for Mediaite , founder of Truth Against The Machine , and a former producer at MSNBC and Fox News . Follow them @ JordanChariton .
— —
This is an opinion piece . The views expressed in this article are those of just the author .
Citi Bike Ridership Begins to Climb Out of Its Slump
Summer sales and ridership numbers show Citi Bike , at last , is on the rebound .
The bike-share program grew by leaps and bounds as New Yorkers embraced it immediately after the May 2013 launch , but before long , subscribers grew frustrated with unreliable service caused by buggy software and other operational problems . Sales and ridership slumped .
In fiscal year 2015 , which ended June 30 , Citi Bike annual memberships fell to 73,369 , down 21 percent from the year before , according to the Mayor 's Management Report . The total number of trips also fell to 8.8 million , down from 9.4 million . City Hall attributed the declines to “ harsh winter weather ” and a jump in annual membership fees , from $ 95 to $ 149 last October .
Now , upgrades under new ownership — including back-end software fixes , a redesigned bike , a new docking mechanism , and app upgrades — appear to be paying dividends . Since July , ridership and subscriptions have been turning around . The size of the system has also been growing , but the positive trends predate the addition of stations .
In July , before stations were added , ridership hit a daily average of 35,960 trips , a 5 percent increase over July 2014 . Citi Bike also sold more day and week passes this July than last July — a healthy sign .
In August , Citi Bike began adding new stations , a process that 's still underway . The growth has helped boost ridership to record highs . In the peak months of July , August and September , Citi Bike 's highest daily ridership in 2013 was 44,284 . That number fell to 41,996 in 2014 . Now , that number has reached a new benchmark : Citi Bike reports hitting more than 50,000 trips per day in mid-September .
It 's too early to say how the system expansion above 59th Street is faring , however . On the Upper West Side and Upper East Side , the stations are n't as close together as the rest of the system , which threatens to degrade the user experience and curtail ridership . There are still about a dozen stations in those neighborhoods that are supposed to be added this year but have n't gone in yet , making it impossible to assess how the thinner station network is performing so far .
Real-time view data is not available at this time . Learn more .
Your honor , this court is a travesty of justice ! It is my right as an American citizen to be judged by a jury of my peers . It is also my right as a magician to believe that all non-magicians are worthless scum who do n't deserve to be in the same room as me unless they 're watching me perform ! Therefore , unless you replace all of the members of the jury with magicians , I request a mistrial and that you let me bang your gavel three times since it looks fun to do !
Of course this trial was nonsense from the beginning . Accusing me , the Great Qdoba ( I had the name months before the crappy restaurant , thank you ) , of stealing 98 doves from the city 's aviary is absurd ! The only thing a magician steals is an audience 's wonder and awe . And maybe a few watches when nobody 's looking , but everyone checks the time on their phone nowadays , so who fucking cares ?
Now let me tell you why these specific jury members are unfit to judge me .
Juror # 1 : Carol Oslo - She 's a schoolteacher which is not a magician .
Juror # 2 : Brad North - He 's a plumber which is not a magician .
Juror # 3 : Criss Angel - He 's a Mindfreak which is not a magician . Illusionists are not magicians . That 's like saying a soccer player is a football player , which is insane . Unless you 're in England . Then you 'd be right to say that . That was a bad example . Fuck .
Whatever ! The remaining members of the jury all have the same thing in common : they are not magicians , even if several of them are famous illusionists !
I recommend inviting the world 's top magicians to the courthouse to be jurors so the trial may begin . The easiest way to reach a magician is by whispering to the moon during an eclipse . But email works too . In a way email is like magic , since nobody knows how it works .
You refuse my request , your honor ?
Fine ! Yet , realize a great magician always has something up their sleeves , and in this case it's…
TWO DOVES !
Haha ! Who the hell would only steal 98 of the aviary 's 100 doves ? Morons !
That 's right , I admit to stealing the doves ! And I 'd do it again , too ! Aviaries are just bird zoos and zoos are evil places that animals should n't be in according to what annoying people tell me at parties .
It 's just a shame this court will never be able to sentence me for the crime , for I shall now teleport away with my magic !
In 3…2…1…
That 's odd , my teleportation spell has always worked the zero times I 've tried it .
Very well ! Arrest me ! No prison can hold a magician for long !
Criss Angel , will you bail me out ? Please ?
Oh , fuck you , Mindfreak !
I 'm virtually exhausted . After last week 's review of VMWare Fusion 3 and this week 's review of Parallels Desktop 5 , it 's been a weird couple of weeks . I 'm having this recurring virtualization nightmare where a penguin wants to share something with me but ca n't . Then Windows Aero calls to me in a fuzzy voice like that teacher from Charlie Brown . But you 're not here to read about my dreams . On to the task at hand : the fifth release of well-known Mac virtualization package , Parallels Desktop .
With version 4 of Parallels Desktop having come out less than a year ago , a lot of existing users are wondering what , other than official Windows 7 support , makes version 5 worth the $ 49.99 upgrade . Excluding the token interface tweaks , the main features in 5 break down like this :
Windows Aero WDDM driver support for Vista and Windows 7
Multi-monitor support for Full Screen and Coherence/Crystal modes
DirectX 9.0c with Shader Model 3 support
OpenGL 2.1 support for Linux client VMs
Gesture support for laptop trackpads
Crystal window mode and MacLook interface option
That 's really not a long list , and the documentation 's `` What 's New '' section does feel more padded than most . The bigger concern , given the short development time for these features , is whether the new stuff has been put through the necessary testing with OS X 10.6 . It was no secret that version 4 had many problems on release , and Parallels Desktop 5 did seem to drop out of the sky and onto our desks . There was n't an open public beta , so no one really knew what to expect . Has Parallels learned from its past mistakes , or is this another potentially great release buried under a mound of bugs ? Read on to find out .
Test Systems
Mac Pro 2009 Xeon 5500 dual quad 2.66 GHz
24GB RAM
Mac OS X 10.6.1/10.6.2 ( 64-bit kernel )
MacBook Pro Santa Rosa 2.4GHz
4GB RAM
Mac OS X 10.6.1/10.6.2 ( 32-bit kernel )
System Requirements
Mac OS X Snow Leopard 10.6 or later
Mac OS X Leopard v10.5.2 or later
Mac OS X Tiger v10.4.11 or later
Pricing
New license : $ 79.99
Upgrade from 4.0 : $ 49.99
The Upgrade Process
All existing users will need to update their virtual machines and reinstall Parallels Desktop tools to get access to the new features in 5 . I did n't have any VMs on the 2009 Mac Pro machine , but my MacBook Pro 's Windows XP VM updated with what seemed to be no issues ... until I tried using the Internet . My shared networking was n't working even though the host machine 's Airport connection was fine . After changing Parallels to bridged networking mode , it worked fine and I could make Interwebs . A lot of people are reporting that they are getting BSODs ( blue screens of death ) with their Windows VMs after upgrading the Parallels application . If that 's you , the fix is as follows :
Shut down your virtual machine . Set the virtual machine CPU number to 1 in VM configuration . To do this , open Virtual Machine menu- > Configure ... and set `` 1 '' in `` Processors '' drop-down . Start the virtual machine . This time it will boot normally . Login and wait until Parallels Tools are installed . After Parallels Tools are installed , it is safe to return the previous CPU amount .
After that , you should be good to go .
Interface changes
I think the secret is out that Mac users like their interface doohickies . Parallels Desktop , always the big player in the Mac interface integration game , has introduced two more interface features to sate the Mac-heads who feel guilty for running Windows . Version 5 now has a total of five window modes : Windowed , Modality , Full Screen , Coherence , Crystal , and an added MacLook option . Any more than that and I think Parallels Desktop will be the first software program diagnosed with A.D.D . But seriously folks , let 's take a look at these new options .
Crystal Mode :
As a sort of extension of Coherence mode , which remains , Crystal takes seamlessness to another level by completely doing away with the Parallels application menu and putting everything you need in the Dock and macOS menu bar . For those confused hip-hop producers out there , Crystal mode is not to be confused with Cristal mode , which means “ both drunk and jiggy ” :
This one 's for my dead coat .
Since the application-less approach of Crystal mode could leave many users lost if they turned it on by accident , Parallels Desktop gives you clear instructions when you enable it :
Note to Mac developers : Alt-click should read Option-click .
Once you close that guide , you are free to use Parallels Desktop in its most stealth scheme yet .
A very windows-less Windows experience . Notice the tiny Parallels icon at the left in the menu bar—that is where everything outside of launching applications is done in Crystal mode .
A close up view of the very tastefully-integrated Windows Dock folder :
November 27 , 2017
This month 's choice for Plugin of the Month is our free Map Drives Share Viewer plugin for ConnectWise Automate .
The Map Drive Share Viewer plugin fetches all the mapped drives for all systems under a given client and displays them in a nice list that has sortable columns under the Client Consoles as a tab . This is a very lightweight plugin that fetches the drive mappings directly out of the LabTech database and requires no scripts or other setups for it to work .
This plugin allows you to review the mappings on each agent for consistency across the client . Quickly view what drive letters are mapped to what shares across the environment .
This is a free plugin and can be downloaded from our site at www.plugins4automate.com
The remarkable cruelty of this plan is noted only by one of the partners , Claire ( Kate Winslet ) , while the others ( Edward Norton and Michael Peña ) do n't seem particularly concerned about gaslighting their best friend and former mentor while he 's still coming to terms with the worst experience of their life . Death ( Helen Mirren ) harasses Howard on a park bench . Time ( Jacob Latimore ) visits them at the office . Love ( Keira Knightley ) interrupts their meal at a diner . Dowd 's private detective films all the increasingly aggressive confrontations for legal purposes . In the meantime , Howard visits a grief counseling group led by Madeleine ( Naomie Harris ) , where they try to accept the fact that their daughter is really gone .
Collateral Beauty was directed by David Frankel , who helmed the similarly treacly Marley and Me , not to mention One Chance , a dramatized retelling of the rise of Paul Potts , the 2007 winner of the reality show Britain 's Got Talent . Written by Allan Loeb ( Just Go With It ) , it was originally going to be directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon ( Me and Earl and the Dying Girl ) starring Hugh Jackman and Rooney Mara , but Gomez-Rejon left the project after Smith was cast , citing creative differences .
That likely explains why the movie is so tonally inconsistent : Smith gives a performance that implies he 's fishing for serious-actor trophies , while Norton , Winslet , Mirren , and Knightley seem like they 're in a quirky , Birdman-esque comedy about death . Brigitte , Mirren 's gloriously loopy actor , raves about the notes of Grotowski and Stella Adler in their own performance as Death , while Norton is so casually awful in a Silicon Valley way ( he notes at one point how ungrateful Howard was about the ayahuasca shaman they shipped over from Peru ) that it 's hard to believe he 's taking things totally seriously .
That 's not to say that Smith is bad , simply that they seem to think he 's in a different movie . In Howard 's silent scenes their physicality is tense , with their features set into a semi-permanent grimace ; when their character has something to say , he 's quietly understated in communicating the depths of their grief . The plot to have them undermined professionally by their three closest friends , though , is as manipulative and ill-conceived as the movie 's attempts to wring profundity from its ludicrous philosophizing . Its message that time is abundant comes through in the glacial pace of its one hour 36 minute running time , but its Hallmark wisdom about the collateral beauty to be found in the kindness of strangers ( or something ) remains elusive , even as Howard 's path feels inevitable . That actors this gifted ( Winslet and Mirren particularly ) ca n't disguise what a confused , contemptuous product they 're in is n't on them ; rather , it 's a tragedy something this hollow was made in the first place .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Thirty-three years after C++ first appeared , the latest update to the C++ 17 standard is upon us , and there are two compilers that have implemented it .
Since C++ 11 , a new release has been scheduled every three years . Having a regular schedule for releases helps with integrating features into the standard , as programming-language features tend to disappear when schedules are unspecified .
C++ 11 was a big update that took nine years to prepare , followed by C++ 14 , which featured mostly minor corrections ( other than generic lambdas ) . C++ 17 is a medium-sized update , with the number of pages in the standard now up to 1,572 . It has nearly doubled in size since the 817-pages-long C++ 03 .
State of Compiler Support
The degree of C++ 17 support varies between compilers such as Intel C++ , MSVC++ , Clang , and GCC . Take this cppreference webpage , for instance : only GCC currently has full support , with Clang almost there . I suspect the next versions of MS VC++ and Intel C++ will be more feature-complete .
Here are some of the features that are in the C++ 17 standard :
Functions Returning Multiple Values
C++ , Go , Python , C # and Scala ( amongst others ) can return multiple values from a function ; aside from Go , the rest do it by returning a tuple ( an object that packs multiple values , possibly of different types ) . Like Go , C++ 17 can do this without a tuple ; it 's called structured bindings . The syntax is this :
tuple < T1 , T2 , T3 > f ( / * ... * / ) { / * ... * / return { a , b , c } ; } auto [ a , b , c ] = f ( ) ;
The function definition specifies a tuple , but the auto declaration allows it to create and initialize variables explicitly from the returned tuple 's components .
According to the proposal , this should also support the universal reference ( auto & & ) , so range for is supported :
for ( auto & & [ first , second ] : mymap ) { // use first/second }
On string_view
When you manipulate strings , there are often temporary copies—and these can incur a performance penalty . A string_view is a non-owning reference to a string , intended to be used as a temporary object for string manipulation with better performance . You can do many of the same operations on a string_view as a string , copy , substr , find , rfind , iterate through , and access using [ ] , at , front , back and data .
Variants
Before variants , there were unions in C++ . A union is a variable that can hold one of a number of different typed values . Consequently , it 's just big enough to hold the largest of the different types . All the variables occupy the same place in memory . In the Data type below , it can hold an int or a char :
union Data { int i ; // 4 bytes char c ; // 1 byte } ;
So an instance of Data would be 4 bytes long . If it holds an int , all four bytes are used . If it 's a char , then three bytes are wasted ; it still occupies 4 bytes .
A variant ( i.e. , std : :variant < type1 , type2… > ) is a type safe union but It ca n't hold references , arrays or the type void . When you declare an instance of a variant variable , you specify the types that it can hold :
# include std : :variant < int , float > s ; s = 17 ; int i = get ( s ) ;
Here , “ s ” can hold an int or a float , but is initialized to an int .
Directory and File Classes
These are based on the Boost Filesystem Library , which has been tried and tested for 13 years . This works on either POSIX systems or Windows , and lets C++ programs read or write files and directories , rename files , etc . It covers complexities such as / or \ for directory separator , symbolic or hard links , processing directories recursively , converting strings to match the underlying operating system charset ( e.g . UTF16 ) , etc . It also lets you treat POSIX sockets as files .
Guaranteed Copy Elision
Elision is a possible C++ compiler optimization that deals with temporary objects . For instance , you call a function that returns an object by value ; that object is then used to initialize a variable , and usually involves two copies or moves .
Previously , the compiler was allowed to get rid of one of the extra copies/moves ( Elision just means to omit ) , but it was n't guaranteed to happen . Now it is . The C++ 17 compiler must only do one copy or move .
Conclusions
There 's a lot of what I 'd call minor changes , but collectively these alter the style of C++ programming . With switch and if statements , you can have an init statement as part of the body of the statement ; it brings it in-scope , with slightly cleaner code .
if ( auto it = m.find ( 10 ) ; it ! = m.end ( ) ) { return it- > size ( ) ; }
Likewise , you can now modify execution policy to specify whether code runs sequentially or can be parallelized ( std : :par and optionally vectorized- std : :par_vec ) :
int x = 0 ; std : :mutex m ; int a [ ] = { 1,2 } ; std : :for_each ( std : :par_vec , std : :begin ( a ) , std : :end ( a ) , [ & ] ( int ) { std : :lock_guard guard ( m ) ; // Error : lock_guard constructor calls m.lock ( ) ++x ; } ) ;
To see a detailed list of all changes voted in after the November meetings , I recommend Michael Wong 's Issaquah PDF .
The only downside of the three-year release schedule is that C++ programmers will be playing catch-up to stay current . C++ is in an interesting place , with some arguing that it 's now a legacy language ( others deny that , of course ) . The language certainly has a very large codebase , and can still be used to create operating systems , database servers and computer games . But will there be a lot of momentum on the part of the world 's programmers to update existing code to C++ 17 ?
Police and security services in Russia are to test out special 'designer dogs ' , which have been cloned for sniffing explosives and drugs .
The three Belgian Malinois were cloned by a South Korean professor who also aims one day to restore extinct woolly mammoths to Siberia .
Dr Hwang Woo Suk has gifted the dogs - each valued at $ 100,000 - for use by police and the FSB secret service in Yakutia , also called Sakha Republic , the coldest inhabited region in the world .
The three Belgian Malinois , which have been valued at $ 100,000 each , were cloned by a South Korean professor
The dogs will be used by police and the FSB secret service in Yakutia , also called Sakha Republic , the coldest inhabited region in the world
This is the same part of Siberia where they are collecting samples from extinct woolly mammoths - preserved for thousands of years in the permafrost - with the aim of bringing the species back to life in their native habitat .
The dogs were unveiled at the Mammoth Museum in regional capital Yakutsk .
They were officially handed over to the All-Russian Military-Historical Society which will deploy them as needed to law enforcement services .
They are among 500 cloned puppies from the Sooam Biotech laboratories in Seoul , the world 's first animal cloning centre
The dogs have been gifted as a 'present to Russia ' from the South Korean laboratory
Museum director Semyon Grigoryev said : 'These dogs have been recreated from the cells of the best Korean sniffer dogs , inheriting their unique abilities .
'They will be the first cloned service dogs in Russia . '
They are among 500 cloned puppies from the Sooam Biotech laboratories in Seoul , the world 's first animal cloning centre .
'These dogs are very young , in Korea they went though a basic training , so handlers here will decide what best to choose for them depending on their abilities and talents , ' said Dr Grigoryev .
Dr Hwang Woo Suk , left , is also collecting samples from extinct woolly mammoths with the aim of bringing the species back to life in their native habitat
Yakutia is a treasure trove of mammoth biological material with remains of the extinct creatures preserved in the ice
'The military-historical society works in co-operation with Russian police and special services , and provides dogs as ordered .
' I know that the society 's trainers are usually most keen on explosive sniffers , so I would guess this is the field where the cloned dogs will be used . '
The dogs are a 'present to Russia ' from the South Korean laboratory , they said .
The dogs currently understand orders in Korean , but experts say they will soon pick up their new language
The dogs were unveiled at the Mammoth Museum in the regional capital city of Yakutsk
The mammoth museum has long been working closely with Dr Hwang and Sooam Biotech 'on the much more ambitious project of mammoth cloning , ' reported The Siberian Times .
However , cloning is seen as controversial by some authorities , who claim it amounts to interference with nature .
Yakutia is a treasure trove of mammoth biological material with remains of the extinct creatures preserved in the ice .
'The dogs ' first task will be language retraining .
An international team of astronomers has found the best evidence yet that the inner core of the Milky Way contains significant quantities of dark matter . The result confirms the long-standing belief that the centre of the Milky Way is rich in dark matter , just like its outer regions . While the researchers have deliberately avoided using any specific models of dark matter in their analysis , they are confident that further studies of the galactic core could help identify which models are most viable .
Scientists first inferred dark matter 's existence from the fact that galaxies such as the Milky Way rotate faster than would be expected if they were held together by just the gravitational forces between visible matter such as gas , dust and stars . While it is apparent that the gravitational attraction of invisible dark matter is holding galaxies together , it has proved very difficult to measure the distribution of dark matter in the core of the Milky Way . This is because the complicated distribution and dynamics of conventional matter in the core makes it very tricky for astronomers to work out exactly where the dark matter should be .
In the new research , Fabio Iocco of the ICTP South American Institute for Fundamental Physics in São Paulo and colleagues in Sweden and the Netherlands have combined data from several recent observations of the Milky Way and compared it with theoretical predictions of how fast the core should be rotating .
Tricky measurements
The team looked at 2780 measurements of the motions of interstellar gas , stars and interstellar masers . These provide information about the rotation rate of our galaxy at distances between 3–20 kpc from its centre . To put this in perspective , the Sun is about 8 kpc from the centre and the vast bulk of the Milky Way lies within an 18 kpc radius . The team combined these data to arrive at the angular velocities of the galaxy at a number of different radii . The researchers then compared these figures with the angular velocities that would be expected if the galaxy contained no dark matter . This is tricky , explains Iocco , because we are inside the galaxy and moving with it , and this perspective makes it difficult to determine both the distance and the circular motion of other objects . “ There is not full agreement in the literature on the exact distribution of stars in the Milky Way , ” they note .
Most researchers studying the galaxy choose “ their favourite model of the morphological distribution of visible matter ” , says Iocco . In this study , however , the team considered every accepted possibility in the literature , calculating the rotation curve – the rotation rate of the galaxy as a function of radius – that would be predicted by this distribution if there were no dark matter present . “ None of these fit the observed rotation curve , ” says Iocco , which implies that “ none of the possible distributions of visible mass fit the total mass inferred in the galaxy – there is some missing mass even in the worst case ” .
The team calculated the difference between the observed and theoretical rotation curves at a large number of different radii between 3–20 kpc . Differences are seen at all radii and although the statistical significance is relatively small at 3 kpc , it rises to above 5σ beyond 6–7 kpc . This figure of 5σ is considered to signify a discovery in particle physics .
Does Newtonian dynamics hold true ?
This result means that there are significant quantities of dark matter well inside the 8 kpc radius of the Milky Way , provided that Newtonian dynamics holds true . This last qualification is crucial , because a minority of astrophysicists argue that the discrepancies between predicted and observed rotation curves are better explained by modifying Newtonian dynamics at large distances , rather than the presence of invisible matter ( see “ Gravity 's dark side ” ) . The researchers believe , however , that by examining the galactic dynamics on comparatively small scales , their results will shed some light on this debate . Indeed , the team plans to address this issue in the future .
Jorge Peñarrubia of the Royal Observatory of Edinburgh believes that the research is an important step towards quantifying the amount of dark matter in the Milky Way . “ The number of data they 've compiled is certainly going to be crucial in trying to determine the amount of dark matter in our galaxy , ” they say . However , they add that “ The next step will be to try to construct a dynamical model that can explain the motions that other people have measured . That 's going to be the difficult part. ” Dan Hooper of Fermilab in Chicago agrees . “ This study shows – conclusively in my view – for the first time that there is about the same amount of dark matter that we had predicted there should be in the innermost parts of the Milky Way , ” they say . “ It 's a pretty big step forward and one that I hope will continue as we get more information from things like the Gaia telescope , which will be able to measure even more stars with more precision . ”
The research is described in Nature Physics .
In the following video Luke Davies of the University of Bristol explains how the presence of dark matter is inferred from the rotation of galaxies .
The man who once offered 40 goats and 20 cows to marry former US President Bill Clinton 's daughter has died .
Godwin Chepkurgor was killed on Friday evening by an elephant as they were taking photos of the jumbos in Oldebes , Baringo county .
Confirming the incident , Mogotio OCPD Samuel Ogola said Chepkurgor , a freelance journalist and a former councillor was taking photos of the stray elephants that have been disturbing residents for several days .
Ogola said while the journalist was busy taking photos one elephant attacked them from behind and trampled on him , leaving them with serious injuries . Chepkurgor was rushed to Mogotio District Hospital where they died .
The incident happened barely three days after the Kenya Wildlife Serve warned residents to keep off the elephants and stop roaming at night .
In 2000 Chepkurgor wrote to then-president Bill Clinton through Kenya 's foreign minister , offering 40 goats and 20 cows for Chelsea Clinton 's hand in marriage .
They said unithe offer was in accordance with the Kalenjin tradition . Chepkurgor said the letter prompted security checks on their friends and family .
They were even called for a meeting at the Foreign Ministry in Nairobi , which they missed . They said their first wife knew about the renewal of their affections and did not object .
In 2009 , Hillary Rodham Clinton promised to convey the `` very kind offer '' to their daughter . While on an official visit in Kenya , a reporter asked the then US Secretary of State if the Clintons had made a decision on the dowry offer .
After a pause , Clinton said , `` My daughter is their own person , very independent , so I will convey this very kind offer . ''
For decades , influential politicians and industrialists ran roughshod on the fragile ecology of Kerala 's scenic Munnar as they bulldozed through lush forests and valleys to build resorts , shopping plazas and hotels . The land mafia , with backing of local leaders , indiscriminately felled trees to make way for highrises in what the courts have called “ rape of mother nature ” .
But now , a young IAS officer says they are taking the mafia head on , serving eviction notices to 100-odd resorts and commercial establishments in the past month . Sriram Venkataraman , 30 , has stirred protests in the area and even a public threat from controversial Kerala minister and local strongman , MM Mani .
But the 2013-cadre officer is unfazed . “ I am not afraid of anyone . I am only implementing the law of the land , ” says the sub-collector , also a doctor , who bagged the second rank in the tough civil services examination .
They have earned praise from former chief minister and Left stalwart VS Achuthanandan , who led a massive demolition drive in the misty hills of Munnar in xx , pulling down 92 illegal buildings and resorts .
Others are less than impressed . Devikulam MLA S Rajendran ( CPI-M ) , who built a palatial house at the heart of Munnar town , said the sub-collector was illegally dubbing valid residents as encroachers . “ It is nothing but mere publicity stunt . It seems the sub-collector is carried away by media glitz , ” they said . Rajendran also had a running feud with Achuthanandan , who had called the MLA a part of the land mafia .
At stake is the delicate ecosystem of the picturesque Munnar , situated 1800 m above sea leavel , that houses two national parks and two wildlife sanctuaries that collectively hold more than 3,000 species of flowers , endangered birds , insects , mammals and amphibians .
“ Once they encroach on land , they legalise it and manage survey number and other details somehow . It is an organised activity going unhindered over a period of time , ” Sriram said adding land-grabbing was going at an alarming rate .
The officer says they have faced week-long protests by the ruling CPI ( M ) for serving notices to 100-odd resorts and unauthorised constructions . They also put on notice cardamom and tea plantations , which were on lease , for converting estates into resorts . Last week , a worried government beefed up their security . Two ruling alliance partners , CPI ( M ) and CPI , even locked horns over their operation .
The trouble began last month when they started implementing a government order to give construction licences only after examining land-holding records in at least five ecologically-sensitive villages in Devilukam taluk . The records revealed grave irregularities . Sriram says encroachers included politicians , religious leaders , government officials and business people .
During an eviction drive last week , police present ignored their order to evict people , fearing a local backlash . Later , they had to contact higher officials to rush more forces to evict protestors . With the sub-collector remaining adamant , CPI ( M ) workers , who had encroached on the government land , themselves demolished sheds and concrete fences . State revenue minister E Chandrasekharan and nature-lovers lauded their initiative .
First Published : Apr 21 , 2017 07:43 IST
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Prince Charles met PSNI Chief Constable George Hamilton at the ceremony
Prince Charles has opened a garden of remembrance for police officers killed on duty in Northern Ireland .
Relatives of those Police Service of Northern Ireland officers killed or injured on duty attended the ceremony at the PSNI 's Belfast headquarters .
The Prince and the Duchess of Cornwall laid a wreath in honour of the dead and held brief talks with NI Chief Constable George Hamilton .
The royal couple have now left NI for a visit to the Republic of Ireland .
They are meeting President Michael D Higgins , and are expected to meet Taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) Enda Kenny , as well as visiting Kilkenny Castle .
The couple is also expected to attend ceremonies at Glasnevin Cemetery in Dublin to commemorate those who lost their lives in the World War One and during the Easter Rising .
Their visit to the Republic is at the request of the British government .
Death in service
Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall last visited Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland last May .
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The Prince accompanied by the PSNI Chief Constable
The PSNI memorial garden pays tribute to the 13 officers who have died in service since the force was founded in 2001 ; their names are recorded in a book of remembrance .
The new garden adjoins a memorial garden to the 300 officers from the PSNI 's predecessor , the Royal Ulster Constabulary , who were killed during the Troubles .
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The names of the officers who have died in service since the PSNI was founded in 2001 are recorded in a book of remembrance
Speaking at the opening ceremony on Wednesday , Mr Hamilton said it was a very special , but also sad , day for the families and the police service as they remembered those who had died .
`` This is a fitting tribute to our colleagues who have died in the course of their service and will ensure that their dedication to duty and sacrifice is never forgotten , '' they said .
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The Duchess of Cornwall chats to Kate Carroll whose husband Constable Stephen Carroll was shot dead by dissident republicans in 2009
Heaney 's Homeplace
`` The visit was also an opportunity for HRH Prince of Wales and HRH Duchess of Cornwall to meet personally with the family members of those who had died and lay a wreath and flowers in their memory . ''
The Duchess of Cornwall was presented with a posy of flowers by seven-year-old Victoria Grieves whose father Constable Gary Grieves died in a road traffic collision as they were travelling home from duty in August 2010 .
The Royal couple 's trip began on Tuesday with a visit to the Seamus Heaney Homeplace Centre in Bellaghy , where they met members of the poet 's family .
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The plaque unveiled by Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall
They then met staff and patients at the North West Cancer Centre at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry , before attending a musical gathering at Hillsborough Castle in County Down .
Alien Implant Researcher Dr. Roger Leir Passes Away
Dr. Roger Leir , the man who controversially claimed to have surgically removed extraterrestrial implants from more than a dozen alien abductees , has passed away . Leir was a highly controversial character within the ufological community whose work received a passionate support from many extraterrestrial believers and experiencers . However , for many their claims were too outlandish and not backed up by anything close to enough scientific evidence .
Leir was a regular speaker at Ufology conferences both in the US and internationally , and at such events it was not uncommon for their words to spark a great deal of debate . Many believed the man to be a con artist who unethically operated on alleged alien abductees to make a profit , but a great deal of prominent voices within the community have moved to pay tribute to a man who many viewed as a hero and a pioneer .
`` A frequent and popular Coast-to-Coast guest , Dr. Leir was a titan in the work of UFO studies for their pioneering work extracting and studying potential alien implants found in abductees , '' said a statement on Coast to Coast AM 's website . '' These implants constituted perhaps the best physical evidence of the ET/UFO phenomenon ever uncovered by a civilian researcher . ''
Despite this fervent support in some corners of the community , Leir 's work attracted a great deal of criticism from many other researchers both medical and ufological . Many in the industry were not buying Leir 's claims that the objects removed from their patients were extraterrestrial in nature , instead suggesting that these were merely ordinary objects dressed up with flimsy scientific research . Leir claimed that the majority of objects they removed from their patients were able to emit radio signals and , in some cases , were even able to move freely in an attempt to avoid removal from their host body .
Leir 's prominence within the Ufology community was underlined when they testified at the Citizen Hearing for Disclosure last year ( above ) . You can read up on Leir 's work on their website AlienScalpel.com
Sen. Webb puts marijuana legalization 'on the table ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday April 23 , 2009
Print This Email This Speaking to CNN on Thursday morning in an effort to whip up political support for their prison reform proposals , Senator Jim Webb ( D-VA ) insisted that marijuana legalization should be `` on the table . ''
Their bill , introduced late March , aims to establish a presidential commission to study prison reforms and drug criminalization and make recommendations to Congress after 18 months .
Senator Webb 's bill is backed by Senator Arlen Specter ( R-PA ) and has reportedly received `` quiet encouragement from President Barack Obama . ''
Some other stated supporters of Sen. Webb 's reform proposals `` include the current Judiciary panel head , Sen. Patrick J. Leahy ( D-Vt. ) and the No . 2 Democrat in the Senate , Richard J. Durbin of Illinois , '' noted the Times-Dispatch .
Advocacy group Law Enforcement Against Prohibition has also posted an electronic petition form in support of the Webb commission .
`` With so many of our citizens in prison compared with the rest of the world , there are only two possibilities : Either we are home to the most evil people on earth or we are doing something different -- and vastly counterproductive , '' wrote Sen. Webb in a March 29 editorial in Parade . `` Obviously , the answer is the latter . ''
As a means of addressing the `` national disgrace '' -- as Webb says -- that is the US prison system , initial reports on the bill indicated that its authors intended for drug criminalization to be part of the study .
`` Would you support perhaps legalizing marijuana ? '' asked CNN 's Kiran Chetry on Thursday morning .
`` I think what we need to do is to put all the issues on the table , '' said Sen. Webb . `` You 're correct : if you go back to 1980 as a starting point , I think we had 40,000 people in prison on drug charges and today we have about a half a million of them . A great majority of those are non-violent crimes , possession crimes or minor sales .
`` At the same time , we 've got a situation with Mexican drug cartels conducting violence along the border , operating in 230 American cities , and we are n't getting our arms around that in a proper way so , we need to put it on the table . That 's why we need a presidential commission to look at these things -- people who have high stature in these career areas -- and to report to the Congress on the best way to go forward . But , nothing should be off the table . ''
`` And that includes , as you were saying , possibly looking at legalization ? '' asked Chetry .
`` Well , I think they should examine every aspect of drug policy to see what 's working and what 's not working ... '' said Sen. Webb .
This video is from CNN 's American Morning , broadcast Apr . 23 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The following video was published to YouTube by Sen. Webb 's staff on March 30 , 2009 .
This story has been updated from an original version .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Theresa May , who once posed in a “ This is what a feminist looks like ” T-shirt , is so desperate to stay in power that they and their party will cobble together a deal with those who would deny women basic reproductive rights .
The sudden focus on the DUP , its history and its policies has been , as Gerry Adams has said , an education for many British people . Ireland is routinely ignored in political discourse . The information that Brexit would involve the restoration of a hard border in Ireland was news to many . Likewise , the sudden outrage over the DUP 's anti-abortion stance may be somewhat irritating to the many groups in Northern Ireland who have long campaigned over this . But I am glad at least that this is now being spoken about .
Tories will not rock the boat once DUP deal is struck , predicts Trimble Read more
Bartering over the bodies of women to maintain power is disgusting . The Tories ' “ sell ” of the DUP as just a bit socially conservative – nothing much to worry about – is a lie . Mostly the DUP will want money in return for making a deal with the Tories . Business as usual . But although it 's unlikely , they can also potentially push , if not to overturn our abortion legislation , then for a discussion on time limits for termination .
The Abortion Act 1967 has never applied to Northern Ireland . This “ anomaly ” remains . Since devolution was restored to Stormont , any attempt to relax the ban on termination in local hospitals has been resisted .
The law covering abortion in Northern Ireland is from 1861 ( Offences Against the Person Act ) and the 1945 Criminal Justice Act . This makes abortion a legal offence that carries a life sentence . Last year in Belfast a mother was put on trial for procuring drugs to terminate their daughter 's pregnancy , although they contested the prosecution . The UN has expressed concern about criminal sanctions for abortion . Amnesty has campaigned brilliantly about it , and the individual stories of how this law plays out are heart-rending .
Should we merely accept the DUP 's mix of creationism , misogyny and homophobia as a quirk of coalition ? No
Ashleigh Topley was four and a half months pregnant in 2013 when a scan showed their baby could not survive outside the womb , and the baby 's limbs were not developing properly . In the rest of the UK , this “ foetal abnormality ” would be grounds for a termination , but they were told nothing could be done . For another 15 weeks they had to endure their friends and neighbours in Portadown asking about whether they wanted a boy or a girl . At 35 weeks they went into labour , and the baby 's heart stopped . They describe this experience as 15 weeks of torture .
Women in Northern Ireland do obtain abortions , despite this . While buying abortion pills online is illegal , between 1,000 and 2,000 women cross the Irish sea for terminations every year . The problem is outsourced . Money is an issue and many groups try to help with costs that are significantly increased by having to travel .
The DUP may be absolutely hardline but it is important to remember that these politicians do not represent the people of Northern Ireland . In 2014 , an Amnesty International survey suggested two thirds of the population think women should have the right to choose in extreme circumstances : rape , incest and foetal abnormality .
Theresa May 's plan to govern with DUP support thrown into confusion Read more
It is also important to remember that Labour 's sister party in Northern Ireland , the SDLP , takes the same hardline stance on abortion , and I would hope to see Jeremy Corbyn address this . With progress being made in the Republic of Ireland , with the growing Repeal the 8th movement , attitudes are changing – although a young woman was still recently sectioned for asking for an abortion .
The Tories will maintain that abortion is not really a significant issue in the deal with the DUP . The deal is all that matters . Women 's rights and LGBT rights are once again sidelined .
But all of us watching know that reproductive rights are not a side issue . We watch Donald Trump and their cronies legislate over the bodies of women and we know that we have to be vigilant over what we assume to be basic rights . No , this is not The Handmaid 's Tale , we are told , in a “ calm down , dear ” sort of way , and we should merely accept the DUP 's mix of creationism , misogyny and homophobia as a quirk of coalition . No .
Any government beholden to the DUP represents another step backwards for women . Make no mistake . Belatedly , perhaps , many have woken up to the struggles of women in Northern Ireland .
Now that they have , Theresa May should take off that T-shirt . This is not what a feminist looks like . This is what a woman who would sell out other women looks like . It is the face of betrayal .
The advertising industry is scrambling to combat the growing threat of `` ad fraud , '' computerized bots that fool advertisers into thinking they are reaching consumers .
By some estimates , this illegitimate online traffic means that for some brands , as much as 25 to 50 per cent of the money spent on online ads is wasted .
`` They 're trying to make decisions about where best to spend the money , and the illegitimate traffic is screwing up some of the metrics , '' said Chris Williams , president of the Interactive Advertising Bureau of Canada .
Story continues below advertisement
Ad fraud takes many forms , but the most pernicious , many agree , is `` non-human traffic '' that leads advertisers to believe they are speaking to their target customers , when they are actually showing ads to bots that crawl the Web pretending to be human .
It 's a problem that does not just affect advertisers : It hurts legitimate publishers already scrambling for profit in a digital world . It further devalues an advertising medium whose rates already pale in comparison with traditional print media . And it hurts consumers , who are targeted with malicious software to create these networks of bots .
The trickery has become profitable because of a fundamental shift in the way advertising is bought and sold in recent years . Where advertisers used to buy ad space in a newspaper or during a television show because of the audiences that research showed were attracted to those media , now advertisers are able to target potential customers more directly . They follow behavioural patterns to create profiles of people online and on their mobile devices , and serve ads to them accordingly . ( This is why you see ads all over the Web for shoes , after you 've been browsing a shoe retailer 's website , for example . )
And the system for buying these ads has become increasingly automated . Just like the stock market or travel agents , companies are trying to make advertising transactions more efficient by eliminating the need for employees to pick up the phone to do deals . Ad space is traded online through exchanges where exposure to potential customers ( such as young shoe fanatics ) are sold to the highest bidder . Google has by far the biggest slice of this market . Other big exchange operators include AppNexus , OpenX , and Yahoo .
Now that the context of an ad – the pages of a particular magazine , for example – is no longer at the heart of the transaction , shady players are able to make money by using bots to behave like the consumers that advertisers want to bid on ( by sending them to auto websites to look like a person in the market for a car , for example ) .
Because the system of online ad exchanges is not always transparent – and often includes intermediaries – advertisers do not always know their ads are on dubious sites .
`` Sometimes people say 'low-quality traffic , ' as if there was a gradient scale between a person and a robot , '' said Ben Cormier , founder and former CEO of netProphets , a Toronto-based digital advertising technology company that was purchased in 2011 by advertising technology company AdGear . `` Someone can spend $ 100,000 in online advertising and get incredible results and get a return on investment like nothing else . Someone else can spend $ 100,000 and get nothing . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In April of this year , advertising technology firm TubeMogul published a list of websites where it said it had detected bot traffic . Ads paid for by major brands had registered fake views on sites such as tobe.tv and stylefactor.com , the company said .
Many of those sites are designed with content humans might plausibly look at , but not always .
Those who track the problem point to websites such as http : //procpm.blogspot.com/ . Its name refers to a metric used in ad buying : CPM , or cost-per-mille , which is the price advertisers pay for every 1,000 views of their ad . The site itself has little content on it at all , but visits this week revealed ads for brands including Ford , Aspirin , and Disney .
Big-name brands would likely not choose to advertise there . But the mere presence of their ads suggests that the site may be registered on digital ad exchanges as having more traffic than it likely does .
In February 2012 , Tsavo Media , a unit of Toronto-based Cyberplex Inc. at the time , was required to pay Yahoo to compensate for 'low-quality traffic ' to ads run on its websites . The sites were owned by Tsavo Media , which Cyberplex bought in 2010 . The president in charge at the time of that acquisition resigned , and just two months later , Cyberplex sold Tsavo Media . Cyberplex has since changed its name to EQ Works .
Because fake bot traffic is easy and cheap to buy from hackers online , sites can often make more on ads than they spend to attract visitors . Some more sophisticated operators create both the bots and the shady sites they visit .
Story continues below advertisement
In addition to bot traffic , disreputable sites can take the fraud even further by employing what is known as `` ad stacking '' – putting a number of ads on top of each other so that only one appears , but multiple ads are registered as having been seen . They can also shrink ads to fit inside a single pixel on a screen – effectively invisible to a visitor . It is also easy for disreputable sites to `` spoof '' a URL , mimicking the Web address of a well-known website to make themselves look legitimate .
`` If the exchange broadcasts an impression that is non-human , or a bot – or a website that is completely cookie-cutter and fake – the exchange did its job by broadcasting the opportunity , '' said Andrew Casale , vice-president of strategy at Casale Media in Toronto , which operates its own exchange . They believe more oversight is needed . `` If the buyer bid on it , the exchange is absolved , at least so far as the current rules , of any responsibility . So the current construct is allowing and enabling exchanges to just list everything . ''
Companies are spending money to try to fight the problem . This week , comScore announced that it has bought MdotLabs , a company that helps identify non-human traffic . Earlier this year Google Inc. acquired two firms with similar expertise : Spider.io and Adometry . PubChecker , a company that sells fraud prevention services , offers to audit publishers to verify they are fraud-free , similar to a credit rating agency .
`` At some point , we have to start knowing who we 're doing business with , '' said PubChecker founder Chris Mejia .
Last month , the Association of National Advertisers in the United States launched `` The Marketers ' Coalition '' to study bot fraud . The ANA did not name the 30 companies participating in the study , but said they own `` recognizable brands . '' The Interactive Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) has a team in the U.S. of more than 100 people working to identify and fight fraud . The IAB is concerned that the money for all this activity could be going to organize crime .
Some have responded to the problem by limiting their exposure to the open exchange system altogether . According to reports this spring , media buying giant GroupM wants to pull its clients ' money out of programmatic exchanges by next year .
Story continues below advertisement
Publishers , for their part , are responding by offering more direct access to ad space on reputable websites – while keeping the efficiency of the new digital buying system – through private automated exchanges . Bell Media refuses to list its sites on open exchanges . Transcontinental Inc. , which owns a host of community newspapers , websites , and magazines such as Les Affaires and Canadian Living , has not cut off open exchanges , but is offering a cleaner environment with direct deals .
`` It 's not good for the brands , it 's not good for the agency that 's representing the brand , and it 's not good for the publishing economy , '' Heather Forrester , vice-president of sales at TC Media who formerly worked with AppNexus , said of fraud . `` These are non-legit sites , and we are missing that advertising dollar . When [ ad buyers ] do want to do a direct deal , they think we 're too expensive . ''
The hope is that by fighting fraud , the system can regain some of the value it has lost . Online advertising already had challenges without fraud : the prices publishers can charge are often not high enough to support the creation of high-quality content , and many people ignore ads online anyway , either by choosing not to look at them or by installing ad-blocking software . Publishers are only further hobbled by bots that make it look like there is far more supply ( of consumer attention ) than there is demand from advertisers , and push prices even further down .
`` You do n't need hackers stealing [ ad money away from legitimate websites ] for online to already be in trouble , '' Mr. Cormier said . `` But it sure ai n't helping . The system already had cancer and now it has , I do n't know , what 's worse than cancer ? That . It has that . ''
Who gets hurt
Advertisers
Story continues below advertisement
Globally , it is estimated that brands will pour $ 121-billion ( U.S. ) into online advertising this year . The whole point is to reach real people , who are potential customers . Advertisers are being duped , and some of that money is going to illegitimate sources – reaching entities that look human , but are actually bots . That means billions of dollars of wasted investment for businesses every year .
The media industry
Today 's big challenge to publishers : Online ad revenues can not match what they used to charge for ads in print . They 've moved from print dollars to digital dimes . Fraud makes that problem much , much worse . Sites with fake traffic are taking more of the money that legitimate websites desperately need . Plus , bot traffic throws the entire supply-demand dynamic out of whack on the Web : There simply are n't an infinite number of opportunities to reach people , even if the Internet is very , very big . But all this activity inflates the picture , and drives down the value of online ads even further . Dimes ? Try pennies .
Consumers
Who cares if advertisers get hurt ? Everyone hates advertising anyway . Consumers should care , because bots live on their computers . Hackers create fake traffic by installing malware – malicious software – on innocent people 's computers ( for example , by convincing them to click on a link or to download something . ) Once infected , a computer works in the background as a bot , visiting sites without its owner 's knowledge and clicking on things . Do you hate how easy it is for your computer to become slow and riddled with malware ? Hate the fraud that makes it so profitable for people to make malware in the first place .
Machines are helpful in the battle against weight : treadmills help us to run long distances and bicycles are hard to remember how to use , forcing us to walk . Just keep going with this Groupon .
$ 399 for an Exervibe Portable Body-Vibration Machine Plus Free Shipping ( $ 1,299 value )
The Exervibe Whole Body Vibration Machine is a vibrating platform that contains a 750-watt motor and a removable stabilizing handle . When paired with a good exercise machine , 10 minutes standing atop it may help to build bone density , strengthen muscles , and mix up vinaigrettes stored in pockets for a post-session salad . The system aims to increase circulation , build and tone muscles , and drain the lymphatic system , with the goal of shedding an average of up to 3.5 inches in the first three sessions .
Spice Wellness
Spice Wellness translates healthy bodies into sleek physiques with the help of high-tech fitness equipment such as the Whole Body Vibration platform and the detoxifying far-infrared sauna . Throughout the day , the centre bustles with patrons sagging into massage chairs or plunging their toes into the detoxifying depths of an ionic foot bath in which charged molecules activate each pore 's electric garage door and wash away the toxins inside . Meanwhile , human massage therapists—each with at least 1,000 hours of training—enliven weary muscles with targeted strokes aimed at relaxation and decreasing cortisol levels .
On Tuesday nights this past year , you could find me and my roommates gathered around the TV for our weekly bonding activity : watching TLC 's 19 Kids and Counting with a big bowl of popcorn on the table and a glass of wine in hand . Though intended to be a way to unwind from schoolwork and senior year anxieties , watching Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their nineteen kids ( plus grandchildren ) often led to some interesting discussions .
On the one hand , my roommates and I found many of the family members endearing , and we appreciated their wholesomeness . On the other hand , like many viewers , we criticized the family 's approach to sexual morality , not out of disdain for their high regard for purity , but because the rules they 've created for romantic relationships distort the true nature of chastity .
In the Duggar family , children who are courting ( as opposed to dating , which is forbidden ) must be chaperoned whenever they spend time with their significant others , even when texting or talking over Skype . They do n't hold hands until they 're engaged , and all hugs with the opposite sex must be “ side hugs ” that avoid any frontal contact . They eschew dancing as an occasion of sin . They do n't kiss until their wedding day . The Duggars , who describe themselves as independent Baptists , admit that these rules are n't necessarily biblical .
There 's something disturbing about the fear that spending time with a boyfriend in a public place such as a park or a restaurant , or Skyping with a girlfriend , will inevitably lead to sin . Chastity , which the Catechism describes as “ the successful integration of sexuality within the person and thus the inner unity of man in their bodily and spiritual being ” ( 2337 ) , is a form of temperance , the virtue that orders our appetites and desires . Given human concupiscence and how easy it is for us to misdirect our God-given desire for intimacy , it 's understandable that temperance in romantic relationships and situations entails boundaries and restrictions .
Yet couples ca n't spend their whole lives being chaperoned . Yes , they should reasonably expect their friends and families to hold them accountable . But the realities of life will sometimes put them in situations in which the habits they have formed will be crucial to how they respond . What 's going to happen if unforeseen circumstances force an unmarried couple to spend a night together ? Or when a spouse is deployed overseas for a year ? Can they practice virtue without one of their mothers breathing down their necks ?
Let 's take another example . There 's been more than one news story over the past year highlighting the phenomenon of some ultra-Orthodox Jewish men delaying flights because , for fear of being tempted , they refuse to sit next to a woman who is not their wife or an immediate relative . A generous person might sympathize with their perseverance in living out their values ; most object to their inconveniencing passengers for what many would consider sexist reasons . I think there 's another reason that people do n't take kindly to these men 's actions : Even in a culture that rejects the existence of sin and embraces sexual liberty as its highest ideal , people implicitly understand that only a depraved man would be tempted by a woman on an airplane who 's minding their own business and is n't seeking attention through their words , actions , or dress .
To esteem purity while being unable or unwilling to exercise it in day-to-day life is not the sexual integration the Catechism calls chastity . In fact , the Duggars ' and ultra-Orthodox Jews ' rigid rule-based system is a cop-out : It 's much easier to say , “ Do n't touch anyone , ever , unless you 're married ” than to make prudential judgments about how to be chaste in particular circumstances . The virtues demand effort precisely because they are means between extremes . Chastity allows the soul to govern the body so that a person can give of them or themselves to others properly in every context . A sexual ethic based on fear , on the other hand , keeps us away from others . Love and fear are mutually exclusive .
The irony of the Duggars ' and some ultra-Orthodox Jews ' sexual mores is that they end up sexualizing nearly all human touch . Holding hands , rather than being a form of affection , or an expression of comfort , or a method of guidance , is reduced to sexual desire . Bumping elbows with your seatmate on the plane becomes an occasion of sin .
This is n't to say that there are no set-in-stone rules ; premarital sex and actions leading up to it are objectively wrong because they separate the conjugal act from its meaning . But there 's never a clear answer to the classic “ How far is too far ? ” question because individuals and the contexts and cultures they live in vary , requiring them to put some serious thought and effort into living virtuously .
When the Duggars say that almost all human touch between men and women goes “ too far , ” they miss opportunities for cultivating virtuous relationships with the opposite sex . They 're right that chastity is n't easy—it 's no wonder the Dominican apostolate dedicated to its cause is the rather militant-sounding Angelic Warfare Confraternity—but it 's worth fighting for the freedom to love that comes with governing the passions .
Making Good Friends
Tips for Meeting People and Making Meaningful Connections
Why are friends so important ?
Our society tends to place an emphasis on romantic relationships . We think that if we can just find that right person , we 'll be happy and fulfilled . But research shows that friends are actually even more important to our psychological welfare . Friends bring more happiness into our lives than virtually anything else .
Developing close friendships can also have a powerful impact on your physical health . Lack of social connection can be as damaging as smoking , drinking too much , or leading a sedentary lifestyle . Friends are even tied to longevity . A recent Swedish study found that , along with physical activity , maintaining a rich network of friends can add significant years to your life .
The benefits of friendships
While developing and maintaining friendships takes time and effort , good friends can :
Improve your mood . Spending time with happy and positive friends can elevate your mood and boost your outlook .
Help you to reach your goals . Whether you 're trying to get fit , give up smoking , or otherwise improve your life , encouragement from a friend can really boost your willpower and increase your chances of success .
Reduce your stress and depression . Having an active social life can bolster your immune system and help reduce isolation , a major contributing factor to depression .
Support you through tough times . Even if it 's just having someone to share your problems with , friends can help you cope with serious illness , the loss of a job or loved one , the breakup of a relationship , or any other challenges in life .
Support you as you age . As you age , retirement , illness , and the death of loved ones can often leave you isolated . Having people you can turn to for company and support can provide purpose as you age and serve as a buffer against depression , disability , hardship and loss .
Boost your self-worth . Friendship is a two-way street , and the “ give ” side of the give-and-take contributes to your own sense of self-worth . Being there for your friends makes you feel needed and adds purpose to your life .
Why online friends are n't enough Technology has shifted the definition of friendship in recent years . With the click of a button , we can add a friend or make a new connection . But having hundreds of online friends is not the same as having a close friend you can spend time with in person . Online friends ca n't hug you when a crisis hits , visit you when you 're sick , or celebrate a happy occasion with you . Our most important and powerful connections happen when we 're face-to-face . So make it a priority to stay in touch in the real world , not just online .
Know what to look for in a friend
A friend is someone you trust and with whom you share a deep level of understanding and communication . A good friend will :
Show a genuine interest in what 's going on in your life , what you have to say , and how you think and feel about things .
Accept you for who you are
Listen to you attentively without judging you , telling you how to think or feel , or trying to change the subject .
Feel comfortable sharing things about themselves with you
As friendship works both ways , a friend is also someone you feel comfortable supporting and accepting , and someone with whom you share a bond of trust and loyalty .
Focus on the way a friendship feels , not what it looks like
The most important quality in a friendship is the way the relationship makes you feel—not how it looks on paper , how many things you have in common , or what others think . Ask yourself :
Do I feel better after spending time with this person ?
Am I myself around this person ?
Do I feel secure , or do I feel like I have to watch what I say and do ?
Is the person supportive and treat me with respect ?
Is this a person I can trust ?
The bottom line : if the friendship feels good , it is good . But if a person tries to control you , criticizes you , abuses your generosity , or brings unwanted drama or negative influences into your life , it 's time to re-evaluate the friendship . A good friend does not require you to compromise your values , always agree with them , or disregard your own needs .
Tips for being more friendly and social ( even if you 're shy )
If you are introverted or shy , it can feel uncomfortable to put yourself out there socially . But you do n't have to be naturally outgoing or the life of the party to make new friends .
Focus on others , not yourself . The key to connecting to other people is by showing interest in them . When you 're truly interested in someone else 's thoughts , feelings , experiences , and opinions , it shows—and they 'll like you for it . You 'll make far more friends by showing your interest rather than trying to get people interested in you . If you 're not genuinely interested in the other person , then stop trying to connect .
Pay attention . Switch off your smart phone , avoid other distractions , and make an effort to truly listen to the other person . By paying close attention to what they say , do , and how they interact , you 'll quickly get to know them . Little things go a long way , such as remembering someone 's preferences , the stories they 've told you , and what 's going on in their life .
Self-disclosure : the key to turning acquaintances into friends
We all have acquaintances—people we exchange small talk with as we go about our day or trade jokes or insights with online . These relationships can be fulfilling in their own right , but what if you want to turn a casual acquaintance into a true friend ?
Friendship is characterized by intimacy . True friends know things about each other : their values , struggles , goals , and interests . If you 'd like to transition from acquaintances to friends , open up to the other person .
You do n't have to reveal your most closely-held secret . Start small with something a little bit more personal than normal and see how the other person responds . Do they seem interested ? Do they reciprocate by disclosing something about themselves ?
Evaluating interest
Friendship takes two , so it 's important to evaluate whether the other person is looking for new friends . Do they ask you questions about you , as if they 'd like to get to know you better ?
Do they tell you things about themselves beyond surface small talk ?
Do they give you their full attention when you see them ?
Does the other person seem interested in exchanging contact information or making specific plans to get together ? If you ca n't answer “ yes ” to these questions , the person may not be the best candidate for friendship now , even if they genuinely like you . There are many possible reasons , so do n't take it personally !
How to meet new people
We tend to make friends with people we cross paths with regularly : people we go to school with , work with , or live close to . The more we see someone , the more likely the chance is of a friendship developing . So look at the places you frequent as you start your search for potential friends .
Another big factor in friendship is common interests . We tend to be drawn to people we share things with : a hobby , the same cultural background , a shared career path , kids the same age . Think about activities you enjoy or the causes you care about . Where can you meet people who share the same interests ?
Making new friends : Where to start
When looking to meet new people , try to open yourself up to new experiences . Not everything you try will lead to success but you can always learn from the experience and hopefully have some fun .
Volunteering can be a great way to help others while also meeting new people . Volunteering also gives you the opportunity to regularly practice and develop your social skills .
Take a class or join a club to meet people with common interests , such as a book group , dinner club , or sports team . Websites such as Meetup.com can help you find local groups or start your own and connect with others who share similar interests .
Walk a dog . Dog owners often stop and chat while their dogs sniff or play with each other . If dog ownership is n't right for you , volunteer to walk dogs from a shelter or a local rescue group .
Attend art gallery openings , book readings , lectures , music recitals , or other community events where you can meet people with similar interests . Check with your library or local paper for events near you .
Behave like someone new to the area . Even if you 've lived in the same place all your life , take the time to re-explore your neighborhood attractions . New arrivals to any town or city tend to visit these places first—and they 're often keen to meet new people and establish friendships , too .
Cheer on your team . Going to a bar alone can be intimidating , but if you support a sports team , find where other fans go to watch the games . You automatically have a shared interest—your team—so it can be easy to start up a conversation .
Unplug . It 's difficult to meet new people in any social situation if you 're more interested in your phone than the people around you . Remove your headphones and put your smartphone away while you 're in the checkout line or waiting for a bus , for example . Making eye contact and exchanging small talk with strangers is great practice for making connections—and you never know where it may lead !
Tips for strengthening acquaintances
Invite a neighbor or work colleague out for a drink or to a movie . Lots of other people feel just as uncomfortable about reaching out and making new friends as you do . Be the one to break the ice . Your neighbor or colleague will thank you later . Connect with your alumni association . Many colleges have alumni associations that meet regularly . You already have the college experience in common ; talking about old times can be an easy conversation starter . Some associations also sponsor community service events or workshops where you can meet more people . Track down old friends via social media sites . Make the effort to reconnect and then turn your “ online ” friends into “ real-world ” friends by meeting up for coffee instead of chatting on Facebook or Twitter . Carpool to work . Many companies offer carpool programs . If your employer does n't , simply ask your colleagues if they would like to share rides . It 's a good conversation starter and will help you connect with people who live near you .
Overcoming obstacles to making friends
Is something stopping you from building the friendships you 'd like to have ? Here are some common obstacles—and how you can overcome them .
If you 're too busy…
Developing and maintaining friendships takes time and effort , but even with a packed schedule , you can find ways to make the time for friends .
Put it on your calendar . Schedule time for your friends just as you would for errands . Make it automatic with a weekly or monthly standing appointment . Or simply make sure that you never leave a get-together without setting the next date .
Mix business and pleasure . Figure out a way to combine your socializing with activities that you have to do anyway . It could be going to the gym , getting a pedicure , or shopping . It 's an easy way to spend time together while still being productive .
Group it . If you truly do n't have time for multiple one-on-one sessions with friends , set up a group get-together . It 's a good way to introduce your friends to each other . Of course , you 'll need to make sure everyone 's compatible .
If you 're afraid of rejection…
Making new friends means putting yourself out there , and that can be scary . It 's especially intimidating if you 're someone who 's been betrayed , traumatized , or abused in the past , or someone with an insecure attachment bond . But by working with the right therapist , you can explore ways to build trust in existing and future friendships .
For more general insecurities or a fear of rejection , it helps to evaluate your attitude . Do you feel as if any rejection will haunt you forever or prove that you 're unlikeable or destined to be friendless ? These fears get in the way of making satisfying connections and become a self-fulfilling prophecy . Nobody likes to be rejected , but there are healthier ways to look at it :
Just because someone is n't interested in talking or hanging out does n't automatically mean they 're rejecting you as a person . They may be busy , distracted , or have other things going on .
If someone does reject you , that does n't mean that you 're worthless or unlovable . Maybe they 're having a bad day . Maybe they misread you or misinterpreted what you said . Or maybe they 're just not a nice person !
You 're not going to like everyone you meet , and vice versa . Like dating , building a solid network of friends can be a numbers game . If you 're in the habit of regularly exchanging a few words with strangers you meet , any rejections are less likely to hurt . There 's always the next person . Focus on the long-term goal of making quality connections , rather than getting hung up on any connections that did n't pan out .
Keep rejection in perspective . It never feels good , but it 's rarely as bad as you imagine it will be . It 's unlikely that others are sitting around talking about it . Instead of beating yourself up , give yourself credit for trying and see what you can learn from the experience .
For better friendships , be a better friend yourself
Making a new friend is just the beginning of the journey . Friendships take time to form and even more time to deepen , so you need to nurture that new connection .
Be the friend that you would like to have . Treat your friend just as you want them to treat you . Be reliable , thoughtful , trustworthy , and willing to share yourself and your time .
Be a good listener . Be prepared to listen and support friends just as you want them to listen and support you .
Give your friend space . Do n't be too clingy or needy . Everyone needs space to be alone or spend time with other people as well .
Do n't set too many rules and expectations . Instead , allow your friendship to evolve naturally . You 're both unique individuals so your friendship probably wo n't develop exactly as you expect .
Be forgiving . No one is perfect and every friend will make mistakes . No friendship develops smoothly so when there 's a bump in the road , try to find a way to overcome the problem and move on . It will often deepen the bond between you .
New Delhi : When it comes to moulding hearts and minds , the Bharatiya Janata Party believes in catching 'em young .
Consider the following questions and answers from a model exam for ‘ general knowledge ' that the party wants all schools in Uttar Pradesh to get their students to take :
Who said India is a Hindu country ?
Answer : Dr. Keshav Baliram Hedgewar Swami Vivekananda led which religion in ‘ Dharma Sabha ' in Chicago ?
Answer : Hindutva Which Muslim invader did Maharaj Suheldeo cut to pieces ?
( “ Maharaja Suheldeo ne kis Muslim akranta ko gaazar-mooli ki tarah kaat diya tha ? )
Answer : Syyed Salar Masood Ghazi Where is Ram Janmaboomi ?
Answer : Ayodhya What book did Dr Ambedkar write challenging the claims of Gandhi and the Congress about Harijans ?
Answer : Congress and Gandhi Have Done
These loaded questions are part of Samanya Gyan Pratiyogita 2017 , a 70-page booklet to be distributed to students in schools in Uttar Pradesh .
The correct answer to the Ambedkar question is ‘ What Congress and Gandhi Have Done to the Untouchables ' and they also wrote a book called ‘ Riddles of Hinduism ' and ‘ Annihilation of Caste ' but then a question about them serves no purpose for the BJP . Vivekananda spoke about the Hindu religion and not its politicised manifestation , Hindutva , but then accuracy is clearly not the purpose behind the production of the booklet .
The ‘ General Knowledge Competition ' booklet , released by BJP president Amit Shah at the party 's headquarters in Lucknow on Monday , covers topics like nationalism , Hindutva , RSS ideologues and leaders including Deendayal Upadhyaya , K.B . Hedgewar , Syama Prasad Mookerjee , Veer Savarkar and Nanaji Deshmukh , the Indian Express reports .
The booklet also includes questions on Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's policies like demonetisation and UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath government , besides standard BJP agenda items like Ramjanmabhoomi , which the party claims is at the exact site where the historic Babri Masjid once stood before it was demolished by Hindutva extremists on December 6 , 1992 .
The BJP 's booklet is intended to help students “ prepare ” for a competitive exam the BJP is holding on August 26 , for the birth anniversary of party ideologue Deendayal Upadhyaya . Registration for the exam , which is expected to have 100 objective questions , opened on Tuesday and is open till August 16 . A fee of Rs 5 per student is also being collected , thus ensuring that the exercise is not just a way of moulding impressionable minds but is also cost-effective . Dainik Jagran reports that the competition will be only open to students in class 9 and 10 .
Apparently , as many as 9,000 schools across the state – mostly private but some government – have “ consented ” to getting their students to sit for this test .
Last month , BJP leaders were quoted by Hindustan as saying students taking part in the competition would be given a book to familiarise them with the “ life and views of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya , our motherland , Indian culture and our great leaders. ” The booklet released by Shah is presumably this book .
Predictably , the ‘ syllabus ' for the exam extols the RSS ( described as the “ largest social organisation in the world ” ) , and various government schemes and initiatives like demonetisation and Jan Dhan Yojana . According to the Indian Express , a list under the title ‘ First in India ' provides information about “ the first governor general , president , vice-president , Lok Sabha speaker , deputy PM , law minister , industry minister , first woman CM and woman governor ” – in short , every conceivably type of dignitary – “ but does not mention the first prime minister ” .
Subhash Yaduvansh , the BJP 's state secretary , said that around 9 lakh students were expected to take part in the competition and 2 lakh party workers had been engaged to conduct the exam . They told the Indian Express , “ Upcoming generations should know about the great personalities and heroes of history , about whom people were not told so far . Also , it is a fact that RSS is the largest social organisation . All facts in the booklet are correct and questions will be asked from it , ” adding “ People should know about Hindutva because it is a good lifestyle . ”
Case Discussion
Typical case of teapot syndrome in a 2-year old characterized by right acrofemoral synostosis ( the handle ) and contralateral left radial ray anomaly ( the spout ) . This congenital condition was universally fatal prior to the advent of Cesarian section .
Acrofemoral synostosis ( AFS ) is graded 1–5 corresponding to the number of digits fused to the femur and is invariably associated with developmental dysplasia of the hip . Historical attempts at surgical correction of AFS were unfavorable , as the severity of hip dysplasia interfered with mobility . In contrast , children with uncorrected AFS mobilize relatively freely by actively moving the leg with the attached upper limb in what has been termed the puppeteer adaptation .
Interestingly , the song “ I 'm a little Teapot ” created by George Harold Sanders and Clarence Z Kelley in 1939 was inspired by a child with teapot syndrome . Sanders famously wrote the song to help include a boy , Handinma Pokett , in an urban jazz routine . Remarkably , Pokett went on to join the Bolshoi ballet and several of their most memorable performances are featured in this YouTube video .
Related cases :
Sometimes in the nation 's capital , getting answers to the simplest questions can be the biggest challenge .
The Washington Examiner recently requested from the General Services Administration data on the 10 cities with the most vacant federally owned or leased property .
As the government 's housekeeping agency , GSA is the logical place to seek such information because it manages the Federal Real Property Profile , which it describes as `` the federal government 's only database of all real property under the custody or control of executive branch agencies . ''
But the information sought by the Examiner on those 10 cities is not available in the FRPP , according to a GSA spokesperson .
The FRPP was created in 2004 as a central source for information on condition , use , operating costs and other data intended to help the federal government manage its property .
But the database is full of inaccuracies , according to the Government Accountability Office , including moldy and flood-damaged buildings reported in good condition , empty structures reported as occupied , and official operating costs that differ wildly from what it really costs to maintain property .
There has been `` some progress ... in obtaining data about federal real property , the government still continues to lack consistent , accurate , and useful data that could support strategic decision-making about federal real property , '' GAO said in a recent report .
The FRPP 's unreliability is one of the greatest challenges in managing the government 's property , David Wise , director of physical infrastructure at GAO , told the Examiner .
`` Property 101 is , kind of , to know what you have and how it 's being used , '' Wise said .
The GAO 's Feb. 5 report found the FRPP is also unreliable when it comes to structures other than buildings like landing strips and parking garages .
The GAO reviewed property belonging to the the departments of agriculture , energy , interior , transportation and veterans affairs , which together manage an estimated 83 percent of federal civilian structures .
Some decrepit properties were listed as being in good condition or as having no operating costs if they were bound for disposal , so the agency could free up money to put toward other structures , according to GAO .
Others were n't located where they were listed , and in one case a facility listed as a single structure was actually several , GAO said .
The FRPP 's problems have a variety of causes , beginning with the fact that data is reported differently from one agency to another . Some , for example , group roads together and list them as one road , while others report each individually .
And because various agencies report the data differently , the numbers ca n't be compared across the entire government .
`` This kind of variation undermines the reliability of both the aggregated agency and FRPP data , '' the GAO report said .
Several congressional hearings last year focused on these problems .
“ These findings raised concern that the FRPP is not a useful tool for describing the nature , use , and extent of excess and underutilized federal real property , '' GAO told subcommittee of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform last April .
`` Because key data elements are not reported uniformly , they can have no collective meaning when amassed in a single database , '' the GAO said in a June 2012 report on which its April 2013 testimony was based .
At least 3,000 civilian buildings sit empty or barely used around the country , according to the database .
Excess buildings costs taxpayers about $ 1.6 billion annually , but often take years to get rid of , according to GAO .
A long list of bureaucratic rules for disposing of such property , plus faulty data about it , have landed the government 's real estate portfolio on GAO 's `` high risk '' list for several years running .
GAO designates programs `` high risk '' if they are vulnerable to fraud , waste , or mismanagement , or they are most in need of reform .
The GSA is `` aggressively '' helping agencies get rid of their unused property , including holding auctions , filling vacant buildings with tenants and proposing new uses for unused space , according to spokesperson Dan Cruz .
The agency has helped dispose of 28,121 acres of excess land since 2010 , Cruz said .
`` There is still more that needs to be done , and GSA is actively working with all federal landholding agencies to identify unneeded assets and move them into the disposal process , '' they said .
The GSA manages the FRPP , but the rules governing data collection are determined by the Federal Real Property Council , which includes GSA and other landholding agencies .
The FRPC is chaired by the White House Office of Management and Budget , which referred questions about the FRPP to GSA .
The council is working on standardizing data reporting so the FRPP is more reliable for buildings and structures , Cruz said .
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United travel to Anfield on Sunday for the final game of a campaign that has had its ups and downs .
They are assured of a top-10 finish , while opponents Liverpool still have an outside chance of taking the title .
But how do the Magpies usually perform against top-4 opposition ? The answer , not great
So far they have taken four points from seven games - including a 2-2 draw with Liverpool at St James ' back in October .
Goals from Johan Cabaye and Paul Dummett helped 10-man Newcastle United to a point on that day , with the 2-0 win at home to Chelsea a couple of weeks later being the only points picked up against sides in the Champions League spots .
Anfield has not been a happy hunting ground in the last couple of decades , and the bookies give them little chance on Sunday with some offering odds as long as 14/1 .
Potentially completing their training camp roster , the Boston Celtics have added Malcolm Miller on a one-year , nonguaranteed contract , according to CelticsBlog 's Kevin O'Connor .
The Celtics have also reportedly agreed to training camp deals with Corey Walden , Levi Randolph and Coty Clarke . To make room for all of the additions , Boston would need to clear one more roster spot , potentially by waiving Zoran Dragic . Teams are allowed to carry 20 players throughout the preseason , but must trim the roster to 15 before the regular season arrives .
The training camp additions will likely be candidates for the Celtics ' D-League affiliate in Maine . NBA teams can now hold the D-League rights to as many as four players waived during the preseason , assuming those players are willing to sign D-League contracts .
Miller , a 6-foot-7 forward , averaged 14.5 points and 4.9 rebounds as a senior at Holy Cross before competing for Boston 's summer league entry last month . The athletic wing shot 37.2 percent from the 3-point arc during their final college season , but went undrafted in June .
UPDATE : According to Eric Pincus of Basketball Insiders and the Los Angeles Times , a small portion of Miller 's contract will be guaranteed . That 's common practice to convince players to sign training camp deals .
The debt burden carried by graduates is set to double under the government 's higher education reforms , making it even harder for young people to get a foothold in the property market .
Housing experts have warned the double whammy of bigger fees for many courses and higher interest rates on student loans will stifle graduates ' ability to save for a deposit , a crucial hurdle to home ownership .
Architect of HECS : Bruce Chapman . Credit : Sean Davey
A director of the centre for housing , urban and regional planning at the University of Adelaide , Andrew Beer , said the changes were bad news for housing affordability .
'' Young Australians are going to be finishing study with more debt than ever before and that is going to make it harder for them to save a deposit and get into a financial position where they can move to home ownership , '' they said . '' Access to home ownership is going to be much , much more difficult . ''
Dear friends ,
Today is an exciting day for the compLexity Family and we are glad you are here to share it with us . After 13 years of loyal service , the world famous compLexity logo has been sent into retirement .
Back in 2003 we were a brand-new gaming organization and in need of a unique mark . We ran a fan based contest where Jason Lake offered $ 1,000 of their own money for the best logo submission for the newly created “ compLexity Syndicate. ” It was then the famous swooshes were born . The logo was a “ S ” for Syndicate , with the top being a “ C ” for compLexity , and as they say the rest was history .
Over the years , hundreds of the best gamers in the world have worn the swooshes . People have poured their lives into eSports while wearing our beloved logo . Many victories were achieved by amazing individuals and teams under our banner . Challenges were overcome and adversity was conquered , all the while keeping in mind the fans who really mattered the most . To try to properly express the depth of our gratitude and heartfelt appreciation would be an exercise in futility . The memories are too precious and the emotions too powerful . A logo is just a logo . It 's the people behind the logo that define a brand , and we 've been blessed to work with the best in the business . Thank you for that . The amazing people who graced the old compLexity will never be forgotten . However , when your logo is older than Youtube , Facebook and Twitter , it 's time for a change . It 's time for a new , refreshing take on our beloved old swooshes .
Thus , today marks the dawning of a new era for compLexity- a logo reborn and a fresh new outlook on the future . We wrestled for quite some time with how to bring our old , beloved mark into the modern age . We wanted something new and relevant but did n't want to abandon 13 years of history and legacy . We hope you 'll agree our new look accomplishes those goals . Like our organization , we believe it is forward thinking , yet historically respectful .
As a new era dawns on global eSports we intend to march on the front lines just like we have for over a decade . Many of you have been a part of our gaming family for a very long time and we thank you from the bottom of our hearts . Just like you , we have always been powered by passion and we promise to remain so . Now everyone in compLexity would like to invite you along for the next phase . Join us for what is sure to be a wild ride . We promise that you 'll be glad you did .
May God bless you and your families ,
Jason Lake & Jason Bass
May 2016
The future of warfare is looking increasingly electronic , with the emergence of drones and other automated vehicles .
And a new system from BAE Systems could allow submariners to monitor and control their vessel from virtual reality .
The software simulation collects information from sensors and relays data to the crew via a VR headset .
Scroll down for video
Defence and aerospace firm BAE Systems has created software that could allow submariners to monitor and control their vessel from virtual reality . It uses an HTC Vive headset to allow wearers to move from virtual room to room and monitor instrument feedback ( stock image )
HOW IT WORKS Sensors on the outside of the vessel send data to a graphics processing engine - called Unity . This data is combined with reading 's from the vessels instruments , to create a number of digital environments . These allow wearers of an HTC Vive headset to move from virtual room to room . As well as viewing the exterior of the vessel , they can also monitor conditions aboard .
It uses a software engine - designed to create video games and other digital entertainment - called Unity .
Information from sensors on the outside of the submarine - as well as reading 's from the vessels internal instruments and cabins - are processed through the graphics program .
This creates virtual renderings of a whole host of digital environments , which can be viewed through an HTC Vive headset .
As well as seeing the exterior of the sub , the wearer can move from virtual room to room .
This would allow them to monitor conditions aboard the vessel , as well as exploring a number of its cabins , according to reports in The Sun .
A demonstration of the technology was unveiled at the Virtual Reality World Congress - held in Bristol yesterday .
Bristol engineer Paul Perera was in attendance and shared an image of the demo on Twitter .
Bristol engineer Paul Perera was in attendance and shared an image of the demo on Twitter . The software could one day be used to control BAE 's submarines
The military already makes extensive use of simulators to train personnel .
And a new £2 million simulator was launched on March 29 by BAE systems that allows pilots to train in the F-35 Lightning II in virtual reality for the first time .
This is anticipation of flight trials on the UK 's new Queen Elizabeth Class aircraft carrier which launches next year .
BAE test pilot Peter Wilson said : 'The immersive experience is as near to the real thing as possible .
The military already makes extensive use of simulators to train personnel . And a new £2 million simulator was launched on March 29 by BAE that allows pilots to train on the F-35 Lightning II in virtual reality for the first time
'The data will show us exactly what will happen when F-35 pilots fly to and from the Queen Elizabeth carriers .
'The trials we can run through the simulator are far more extensive than what we will do in the actual flight trials because we can run and re-run each trial until we have all the data we need .
'The simulator provides greater cost efficiency for the overall programme and is extremely important to the success of the first flight trials . '
Are we ready for global-wide sexual liberation ? Is accelerated social and technical progress possible without it ? VenusPlusX commits itself to these provocative questions . Founded by independent activist-partners Dan Massey and Alison Gardner in September , 2011 , the duo is devoted to ushering in “ The New Age of Sexual Freedom ” - a world free , in it 's words , from the “ global culture of racial , sexual and gender oppression and violence driven by governments , religions , corporations and social customs . ”
VenusPlusX takes it 's name from a science fiction novel set in a post-gender future ( Theodore Sturgeon , 1999 ) , and it draws inspiration from two famous androgynous , transgender USA icons - the Statue of Liberty , and “ Columbia ” on the Capitol dome . Their website states that they are promoting “ a single , simple idea : universal sexual freedom , starting with the supreme , elemental , entirely natural love-sexual connection , and carried forth in everyone 's individual and shared bodily certainty of what freedom feels like and how it is inextricably connected to our pursuit of happiness , prosperity , health , and global peace . ”
Giulio Prisco interviewed the two founders on January 2 , 2011 . A transcript of the conversation 's initial twelve minutes is below . ( Hank Pellissier transcribed text from the videotape and wrote this introduction . )
Giulio Prisco - I 'd like to start by asking , what is your “ Sexual Freedom Foundation ” and what objectives do you want to achieve ?
Dan Massey - Giulio , we created this activity to bring about a greater public awareness of the effect that sexual repression has had on the development and progress of human society and to take deliberate actions to change that . We believe sexual repression is at the foundation of most bad behavior - grief , neurosis , and other problems that beset society today - and it is necessary to make a serious attempt to correct that .
Sexual freedom is the important goal that we would like to achieve because we think it will allow the reformation of human society and will allow people to agree on objectives and move forward to accomplish many great goals that are completely unreachable now because of the negative influences that pervade our society , which are grounded in the mythic structure of religion , government , commerce , and culture itself .
GP - Could you give me one specific example of how sexual repression is hurting people at this moment and also hindering our progress as a species ?
DM - Worldwide homophobia , in fact , phobia of all forms of sexual expression , throughout all human cultures , religions , and governments . The basic rejection of sex which begins almost from the moment a child is born and deeply programs their mind to basically live in opposition to their most fundamental desires and needs , which they will grow into . This creates an internal conflict , which leads to arguments between people , inability to find common goals , inability to move ahead on common purposes and generally the attitude that everyone is your enemy and that your goal is to protect yourself against them and secondarily , to exploit them to the fullest ability that you can achieve , in order to forward yourself and gain advantage over the other person .
Our society tends to work this way . Most people are indoctrinated into this way of functioning , and , as you can see from all around us , it is a failure . It continues to be a failure and the way it has to be changed is to get at the very fundamental misunderstandings , the very visceral things that are programmed into people very deeply , and make them change .
You ask , how does this affect things ? Well , for one thing , it affects the ability of LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender ) people to participate meaningfully in society , even though they are among the most creative and gifted people that are produced by human reproduction . But the deliberate attempt to to exclude these people from participation in society , which goes on worldwide , and is supported by governments , political parties , churches , companies , comers , villages , even… is what has to change . And the way it has to change is that people have to be provided with a superior view of reality that shows that what they have done traditionally in past centuries is wrong and needs considerable rethinking .
Our purpose is to force these issues out into public discussion and cause them to be explored and people to be more broadly educated on this subject . In terms of specifics… society is basically failing because it is hung up on irrelevancies and stupidities . Until you get the individual attitude towards erotic pleasure sorted out , not just in individuals but with entire communities , you 're going to continue to have this going on .
I think this is one of the main reasons why transhumanism has n't made any progress so far , in the last several decades . It 's thought of a lot of ideas but it has not achieved much acceptance for the simple reason that people can not agree on how to split up the spoils of the undertaking .
GP - Let 's go back to sexual freedom if I way . On your website you say that gender does n't exist - what does that mean ?
DM - It means that there is nothing about people that determines how they should fit into society . That gender as it is generally interpreted in contemporary society is a social construct , not a natural product of how people are . What evidence shows is that sexual orientation is primarily determined by genetic characteristics with some element of choice and preference overlaid on it . It is heavily inhibited and directed by social pressure , but once you get past sexual orientation , which deals with the issue of who you would have sex with , you get to the issue of gender , which is how you think you should fit into society as a whole . There your choices currently are limited by the spaces society makes for self expression , which in most communities are strictly limited to either male or female .
In reality though , there is no particular reason why the presentation of gender needs to be coupled to one 's biology and sexual identity , and in fact quite of ongoing work has shown that these distinctions come about through social pressure and that many people who experience these phenomena actually have variations in brain development or in physical development that cause things like the actual genetic sex , the sexual orientation , and the mental sex , of the “ gender ” is you will , to all be conflated .
Our society does not accept that these things can be independent choices that are a product of genetics and individual social position , and we try to force things into a very small number of roles . Gender is an artificial concept and the number of people in society who are oppressed by this is quite small - maybe around 1-2 % - primarily because the rest of the people being oppressed are so oppressed they not even allowed to think about the fact that they 're being oppressed . This goes back to the fundamental problem that sexual oppression is the source of most of our social problems .
Allison is reminding me , that racial oppression , racial prejudice , is driven primarily by sexual competition between the variant races . Fear of sex , both of coming from or going to someone who is in some way visibly different than yourself . And this gets back again to paranoia . We think sexual paranoia is really the major driving force in racism as well . We think that once you get past the sexual aspect , the issues of racism will be much less significant .
( the remainder of the video can be watched here )
If we look beneath the surface of our public affairs , we can discern one fundamental fact : namely , a great redistribution of power between society and the State . This is the fact that interests the student of civilization . They have only a secondary or derived interest in matters like price fixing , wage fixing , inflation , political banking , `` agricultural adjustment , '' and similar items of State policy that fill the pages of newspapers and the mouths of publicists and politicians . All these can be run up under one head . They have an immediate and temporary importance , and for this reason they monopolize public attention , but they all come to the same thing , which is an increase of State power and a corresponding decrease of social power .
It is unfortunately none too well understood that , just as the State has no money of its own , so it has no power of its own . All the power it has is what society gives it , plus what it confiscates from time to time on one pretext or another ; there is no other source from which State power can be drawn . Therefore every assumption of State power , whether by gift or seizure , leaves society with so much less power . There is never , nor can there be , any strengthening of State power without a corresponding and roughly equivalent depletion of social power .
Moreover , it follows that with any exercise of State power , not only the exercise of social power in the same direction , but the disposition to exercise it in that direction , tends to dwindle . Mayor Gaynor astonished the whole of New York when they pointed out to a correspondent who had been complaining about the inefficiency of the police , that any citizen has the right to arrest a malefactor and bring them before a magistrate . `` The law of England and of this country , '' they wrote , `` has been very careful to confer no more right in that respect upon police officers and constables than it confers on every citizen . '' State exercise of that right through a police force had gone on so steadily that not only were citizens indisposed to exercise it , but probably not one in ten thousand knew they had it .
Heretofore in this country sudden crises of misfortune have been met by a mobilization of social power . In fact ( except for certain institutional enterprises like the home for the aged , the lunatic asylum , city hospital and county poorhouse ) destitution , unemployment , `` depression , '' and similar ills have been no concern of the State , but have been relieved by the application of social power . Under Mr. Roosevelt , however , the State assumed this function , publicly announcing the doctrine , brand new in our history , that the State owes its citizens a living .
Students of politics , of course , saw in this merely an astute proposal for a prodigious enhancement of State power — merely what , as long ago as 1794 , James Madison called `` the old trick of turning every contingency into a resource for accumulating force in the government '' — and the passage of time has proved that they were right . The effect of this upon the balance between State power and social power is clear , and also its effect of a general indoctrination with the idea that an exercise of social power upon such matters is no longer called for .
It is largely in this way that the progressive conversion of social power into State power becomes acceptable and gets itself accepted . When the Johnstown flood occurred , social power was immediately mobilized and applied with intelligence and vigor . Its abundance , measured by money alone , was so great that when everything was finally put in order , something like a million dollars remained . If such a catastrophe happened now , not only is social power perhaps too depleted for the like exercise , but the general instinct would be to let the State see to it . Not only has social power atrophied to that extent , but the disposition to exercise it in that particular direction has atrophied with it . If the State has made such matters its business , and has confiscated the social power necessary to deal with them , why , let it deal with them .
`` There is never , nor can there be , any strengthening of State power without a corresponding and roughly equivalent depletion of social power . ''
We can get some kind of rough measure of this general atrophy by our own disposition when approached by a beggar . Two years ago we might have been moved to give them something ; today we are moved to refer them to the State 's relief agency . The State has said to society , `` You are either not exercising enough power to meet the emergency or are exercising it in what I think is an incompetent way , so I shall confiscate your power and exercise it to suit myself . '' Hence , when a beggar asks us for a quarter , our instinct is to say that the State has already confiscated our quarter for their benefit , and they should go to the State about it .
Every positive intervention that the State makes upon industry and commerce has a similar effect . When the State intervenes to fix wages or prices , or to prescribe the conditions of competition , it virtually tells the enterpriser that they are not exercising social power in the right way , and therefore it proposes to confiscate their power and exercise it according to the State 's own judgment of what is best . Hence the enterpriser 's instinct is to let the State look after the consequences . As a simple illustration of this , a manufacturer of a highly specialized type of textiles was saying to me the other day that they had kept their mill going at a loss for five years because they did not want to turn their workpeople on the street in such hard times , but now that the State had stepped in to tell them how they must run their business , the State might jolly well take the responsibility .
The process of converting social power into State power may perhaps be seen at its simplest in cases where the State 's intervention is directly competitive . The accumulation of State power in various countries has been so accelerated and diversified within the last 20 years that we now see the State functioning as telegraphist , telephonist , match peddler , radio operator , cannon founder , railway builder and owner , railway operator , wholesale and retail tobacconist , ship builder and owner , chief chemist , harbor maker and dock builder , house builder , chief educator , newspaper proprietor , food purveyor , dealer in insurance , and so on through a long list .
It is obvious that private forms of these enterprises must tend to dwindle in proportion as the energy of the State 's encroachments on them increases , for the competition of social power with State power is always disadvantaged , since the State can arrange the terms of competition to suit itself , even to the point of outlawing any exercise of social power whatever in the premises — in other words , giving itself a monopoly . Instances of this expedient are common ; the one we are probably best acquainted with is the State 's monopoly of letter carrying . Social power is estopped by sheer fiat from application to this form of enterprise , notwithstanding it could carry it on far cheaper , and , in this country at least , far better . The advantages of this monopoly in promoting the State 's interests are peculiar . No other , probably , could secure so large and well-distributed a volume of patronage , under the guise of a public service in constant use by so large a number of people ; it plants a lieutenant of the State at every country crossroad . It is by no means a pure coincidence that an administration 's chief almoner and whip-at-large is so regularly appointed postmaster general .
Thus the State `` turns every contingency into a resource '' for accumulating power in itself , always at the expense of social power ; and with this it develops a habit of acquiescence in the people . New generations appear , each temperamentally adjusted — or as I believe our American glossary now has it , `` conditioned '' — to new increments of State power , and they tend to take the process of continuous accumulation as quite in order .
All the State 's institutional voices unite in confirming this tendency ; they unite in exhibiting the progressive conversion of social power into State power as something not only quite in order , but even as wholesome and necessary for the public good .
Police were struggling to control a crowd of thousands of people waiting to receive Section 8 Housing Choice Vouchers when a riot broke out at a human services center in Taylor . ( WWJ Photo/Beth Fisher )
An event designed to help assist Michigan families with housing expenses turned into a chaotic scene after there was a mad rush to collect Section 8 Housing Choice Vouchers .
The incident happened Saturday morning at the Wayne County Family Health Services Center on Eureka Road , between Beech Daly and Inkster roads in Taylor — where thousands of people were waiting to get housing vouchers , many who had been waiting outside in the cold since the night before .
Reports say the amount of people who showed up looking for assistance heavily outweighed the number of vouchers to be distributed . As the night was fading away and the sun started to shine , the crowd continued to grow as more and more people arrived . According to reports , only 1,000 vouchers were available for distribution . An estimated 3,000 to 4,000 people were in attendance .
When it came time for the vouchers to be distributed , police said there was a mad rush for the door , with people jockeying for position to be the first inside the building . Officers tried to control the crowd , but could n't . Fearing the situation was more than they could handle , event organizers shut the entire thing down and turned off the lights inside the building . Witnesses say that 's when things really got ugly .
Star Lee , of Romulus , described the scene as complete chaos .
“ People just do n't have order to themselves , you know what I mean ? People were fighting and throwing chairs , and that 's just not necessary . We were asked to just come and line up and , you know , make things simple . They shut it down before it even got started and it 's just sad because some people really needed this help , this assistance , ” they said .
Candice Wacasey , of Taylor , said they were frightened .
“ When the lights went out , it went horrible . People started trampling over people , there was a disabled lady that was in a wheelchair and they were trying to knock them over to get in front of them I mean , just crazy , ” they said .
Lenny Syer , of Melvindale , said some people lost all inhibitions , even muscling small children out-of-the-way .
“ There was people who was physically putting their hands on people 's childs ( sic ) and moving them . It was unbelievable , ” they said .
Additional help was called in from Michigan State Police , who helped Taylor police control the melee and disperse the crowd . Four people were arrested , but police say no one was injured .
Police say the event will be rescheduled , although specific details still need to be worked out .
“ Due to the high demand of the Section 8 vouchers , we will meet with HUD Representatives to discuss the series of events , re-evaluate the distribution method and implement a process that ensures a greater level of efficiency and safety , ” Mary Radamacher , Director of the Taylor Housing Commission , said in a statement .
Some of those in attendance Saturday said they hope organizers will be extra cautious and bring in additional security to insure things go differently next time .
According to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher program is the federal government 's major program for assisting very low-income families , the elderly and the disabled to afford decent , safe and sanitary housing in the private market . A housing subsidy is paid to the landlord directly by the government on behalf of the participating family , which then pays the difference between the actual rent charged by the landlord and the amount subsidized by the program .
The maximum housing assistance is generally the least of the payment standard minus 30 percent of the family 's monthly adjusted income , or the gross rent for the unit minus 30 percent of monthly adjusted income , according to HUD .
Having passed the 950th anniversary year of the Battle of Hastings , most of us have heard the story about Harold Godwineson ( or Godwinson ) , last of the Anglo-Saxon kings and the arrow in their eye . But how many know about their younger brother Wulfnoth ? Born about 20 years after their famous sibling , Wulfnoth was whisked away as hostage for their father 's good behavior when they were only about 12 years old . In all the confusion surrounding Godwine 's return from exile in 1052 , they were probably kidnapped by the Archbishop Robert of Jumièges , who fled from London with the rest of Edward 's Norman allies . Robert turned over Wulfnoth and cousin Hakon to William , claiming ( in one version ) that King Edward had declared the Norman Duke as their heir , and sent the boys along as guarantee of their pledge . Presumably the Duke did not investigate the validity of this promise . Why should they suspect the word of an Archbishop ?
Poor Wulfnoth was in quite a fix . After all , they were the youngest son and hence , expendable . At the time they were abducted , their father was striving to get their position back . Earl Godwine probably did n't even know their son was missing until after the fact . How culpable was the King ? Could Godwine accuse them of betraying their trust ? Not likely . Would Godwine have written to Duke William offering to pay a ransom for their son ? Wulfnoth was not likely ever to know , and their father died the next year , which must have seemed like a catastrophe to the lonely youth .
I 've read some Victorian-era historians who bemoan the innocent prisoner kept under lock and key . But I suspect their confinement was more in the nature of a high-ranking son of a noble , raised in the ducal household to ensure the loyalty of the father . The captive son would be treated like a squire or even a member of the family , provisionally allowed to roam free with the understanding that they would not try to leave . Or at least , I hope this is how Wulfnoth was treated , for they never deserved their fate . I can only suspect the boy was a powerful negotiating tool for the Duke , just in case the opportunity arose . And if King Edward really did offer William the crown , of course they would keep the boy as security . There should have been no reason to put them in a prison cell .
When Harold made their fatal oath to support William 's claim to the throne in 1064 , once again Wulfnoth had to stay as surety for their promise ; it seems that their fellow hostage Hakon was not as important , and William let them go home . Once Harold took the throne , I wonder if William was tempted to kill their hostage ? If the Duke was as nasty as they are made out to be , surely one would have expected them to take their revenge . But they did n't . In fact , Wulfnoth was the Duke 's hostage until the day William died ; on their death bed , a repentant William the Conqueror released all theirs hostages .
Alas , Wulfnoth 's freedom was short-lived . William Rufus is said to have rushed to England to claim their patrimony , taking Wulfnoth with him . Having a Godwineson on the loose was too risky for the Norman heir ; the last thing Rufus needed was a new rebellion with a puppet figurehead . Of course by then , Wulfnoth had been a captive so many years they had no friends in England , no property , nor any family left ; they had all fled the country and their sister Queen Editha had died in 1075 . So they are n't much of a threat , and the new king was content to confine Wulfnoth to Winchester , where they may have become a monk at the cloister . They died in the year 1094 .
It 's interesting to me that the least dramatic and least talked-about Son of Godwine is the only one to have survived the events of 1066 . In my world of historical fiction , this gave them the opportunity to compile the remembrances of their brothers and finish the chronicle begun by their sister Editha . In their words : I preserved my real story , and intend to pass it on to my last surviving brother Wulfnoth , who can prepare it for a future chronicler not hostile to our house . Who is that chronicler ? Myself , of course ! You can read all about it in FATAL RIVALRY .
Two years ago , Rep. Kelly Alexander tried but ultimately failed to pass HB 577 , a bill that would have legalized medical cannabis in North Carolina . So it 's ironic that we met at the funeral home they own in Charlotte to discuss their most recent attempt at reviving the bill that died in the House Rules committee , where legislation that does n't stand a chance on the floor often meets its demise . But whether it passes or fails this year does n't much matter to the Democrat representing Mecklenburg County . Mostly , they want to continue a conversation they started in 2011 , eliminate what they call the `` Cheech and Chong '' perception of marijuana users , and work toward developing an industry that could bring upwards of $ 100 million a year to North Carolina 's economy . Because , as they put it , right now it 's only benefiting drug dealers .
Creative Loafing : Why are you introducing this bill ?
Kelly Alexander : I tend to do a lot of reading . In my reading , it became very clear that we have a substance out there that seems to do a lot to alleviate pain . But because the federal government classifies it as a category one narcotic — in other words , because it 's illegal — research has been difficult to conduct . But a preponderance of anecdotal evidence , research coming out of [ other ] countries , as well as the limited research that 's done in this country seems to indicate that medical cannabis can help a lot of people with a number of different ailments , including cancer , and could be delivered at a reasonable cost . Normally , that kind of equation lends itself to having something rapidly adopted . But the perception of how cannabis is used and the perception of the types of people who use it is retarding its adoption , legitimization and use in the medical community . A number of states , including Washington and Colorado , have changed their laws , and the sky has n't fallen . People continue to report benefits , and I think it 's time for North Carolina to change its law .
What would it bring to our economy ?
The estimation that fiscal research did last session — about $ 30 million in revenue — is probably low , especially when you remember that there 's not a whole lot of history in terms of demand , taxation levels , etc . It 'll probably bring closer to $ 100 million a year . This has the potential to be an industry , and right now the only people who are benefiting from the demand are the cartels .
We can also develop a hemp-fiber industry . It was used in sails , when sailing ships were popular , but eventually hemp and cotton competed , and cotton won . Not because it was superior in all of its applications — it just won because a bunch of states is already growing cotton . Part of my bill allows for research into the uses of cannabis . Hemp comes from the same plant . This is how we keep farming vital in North Carolina .
Who supports your effort ? Who does not ?
You can go around the General Assembly and find many people who will give you stories about their families or people they know who have benefited from using cannabis in a medical way . But they are extremely reluctant to go on the record . I attribute that to what I call the `` Cheech and Chong , 'Up in Smoke ' '' mentality . It 's a knee-jerk fear that 's unfounded and unjustified . There is also some fear because the federal government still considers it illegal . But right now the fed seems much more tolerant of state-level regulation and experimentation .
Do you think this bill will pass , even though Republicans are in control of the General Assembly ?
It 's an uphill slog , no question about it . It 's almost like trying to take something as massive as an aircraft carrier and turn it on a dime . You ca n't do it . Inertia keeps it going in whatever direction it 's been going for a while . But I 'm not sure that it 's a liberal versus conservative fight . A lot of card-carrying conservatives seem quite friendly toward the concept of change in these private conversations . They do n't enact change because of that fear . In order to change that , citizens who would benefit from the change have to express themselves very clearly to the people who are going to make the ultimate decisions .
So you 're using this bill to continue a conversation you started in 2011 , not necessarily to change things right now ?
Yes . Three years ago you would n't have written this article . My phone was n't ringing every week with veterans , or anyone who has any ailments , thanking me for introducing the bill in 2011 . A year ago we posted a petition online around Thanksgiving that people could sign if they supported change . By the end of the year — in eight weeks — we had almost 10,000 signatures . If people petition their legislators , that 's movement in the right direction . That helps change public opinion .
Do you think some lawmakers in Raleigh pass judgment on you because of this bill ?
I really have n't thought about it . If I did think about it , I 'd probably conclude that I could care less . If it 's right , it 's worth doing .
The pharmaceutical industry has been known to lobby against this kind of legislation because medical cannabis could take the place of traditional pain medication . Some of the biggest companies in the world have a presence in the Research Triangle Park . Does that lobby have a role in North Carolina 's debate ?
I do n't think it 's gotten that far yet . Strangely enough , I 've been hearing stories lately about a push to make medication like Oxycodone much more difficult to get and stories that discuss pain-pill addiction . You do n't have those problems when you use medical cannabis . This argument that we 've got a growing pill addiction problem is an argument to start looking at things that are not addictive , that may be able to reach some of the same ends in a more cost-effective , easier-to-control way .
Medical marijuana cards are easily accessible in places like Los Angeles to people who are n't sick . Are you worried that will happen here ?
The gatekeeper here is the medical community , which on average is somewhat more conservative in its prescription practices than the medical community in other states . Ultimately , it boils down to you and your doctor making a determination about what type of medications are best for you . Who am I to insert my opinion ? If I were a conservative — and I am not — I would couch this in personal liberty terms . When the government permits you to have the widest choice , it promotes liberty . It 's when the government restricts your choices for no logical reason that you are prohibited from exercising personal liberty .
Some argue that denying people in pain medical marijuana is immoral . Do you agree ?
I 'm in the funeral business . I come into contact with people who are in terminal conditions all the time . I believe in anything that can help a person 's quality of life when they are on a one-way train out of here . If medical marijuana helps — if it allows cancer patients , for instance , to have an appetite — then what harm does it do ?
Do you believe in decriminalization of all drugs ?
I introduced another bill last session that would have made it easier for people who had convictions to get them cleaned off their records . There are a number of downside consequences to having had a conviction in your past for possession of small amounts of marijuana . But they are two separate issues , and sometimes , in this debate , they 're melded together . I do n't think they should be . The first issue is purely medical : Does cannabis work to alleviate pain , to retard cancer cells ? Does it help with MS patients ? The anecdotal evidence says it either does or that it might . If indeed this stuff works as advertised , as many people believe it does , then it ought to be available more broadly to patients . We 'll figure the other issues out later .
Medical marijuana advocates will meet at the state capitol in Raleigh Feb. 12 to lobby for Alexander 's bill . The public is encouraged to attend or call or email legislators . Visit norml.org for more information .
* This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity .
HAVANA/NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. tour operators that send Americans to Cuba are banding together to try to limit damage to business from tighter restrictions on travel to the communist-run island expected in September from the Trump administration .
Tourists visit Revolution Square in Havana January 15 , 2015 . REUTERS/Stringer
U.S. President Donald Trump in June rolled back parts of Barack Obama 's historic opening to Cuba , saying their predecessor negotiated a “ terrible and misguided deal . ”
The revised approach includes stricter enforcement of a longtime ban on Americans going to Cuba as tourists . Among changes are limiting visits to 12 existing categories of non-tourist travel and a ban on the use of hotels and other facilities owned by Cuba 's military .
Cruise ships are permitted , the administration said , but not independent visits by solo travelers and families under the popular people-to-people travel category which Trump charged was being used to violate the tourist ban .
Many Americans took Trump 's message to mean travel to Cuba , except on cruise ships , was again off limits , U.S. tour operators said . It is a misconception they hope to change with a trade group formed in the last month to influence the debate on Cuba and help would-be visitors navigate new rules .
“ We need to share information and speak as a united voice on issues that are important to us , ” said Cuba Cultural Travel 's Michael Sykes , who founded the group American Tour Operators in Cuba ( ATOC ) that now counts more than 30 U.S. companies .
“ PALL ” OVER CUBA
Trump 's move to roll back Obama policies introduced after the 2014 U.S.-Cuban detente has yet to have a significant impact on the number of U.S. travelers visiting the island , according to a survey of a dozen U.S. tour operators by Reuters .
But travel companies fear a hit on future demand from Trump 's combative tone and regulations , with some concerned it could even spook U.S. banks that help them do business with Cuba .
“ We can work with the new rules with minimal changes , but a pall has been cast over the business and that has me worried going forward , ” said Steven Cox , president of Alabama-based tour operator International Expeditions , an ATOC member .
“ Many American travelers are not so well informed and believe that travel to Cuba is being shut off and that just is n't true , ” they added .
Some 300,000 Americans , excluding those of Cuban descent , visited Cuba in the first six months of 2017 , more than twice last year 's number during the same period , according to the Cuban government . Of those , 40,000 traveled outside organized groups using online booking , tour companies estimated , the majority under the people-to-people category .
Operators said they had been inundated with inquiries from clients worried about future travel and are revising itineraries to avoid Cuban hotels operated by the military .
“ We are receiving requests from a lot of small groups , families , couples ' trips , birthday parties and the like , that were already planning on going to Cuba but do n't know what to make of the new rules and how to ensure they are in compliance , ” said Collin Laverty , who runs Cuba Educational Travel , another member of the trade group .
Priceline Group Inc PCLN.O , which agreed in March 2016 to make hotel rooms in Cuba available to U.S. customers through its subsidiary Booking.com , is still taking reservations “ within the allowable guidelines and categories , ” spokesperson Leslie Cafferty said in an emailed statement .
Online travel agent Expedia Inc ( EXPE.O ) declined to comment .
AIRLINES AND BANKS
Janet Moore , owner of California-based operator Distant Horizons , said new rules could make it difficult for individual travelers to visit Cuba and force airlines to cancel flights , making their tour scheduling more complicated .
Carriers such as American Airlines Group Inc ( AAL.O ) announced moves late last year to cut the frequency of Cuba flights as demand lagged initially high expectations .
Moore also expressed concern about transferring payments to Cuba .
The trade embargo has always made U.S. banks nervous they could be held responsible if a client was not operating within Treasury Department rules .
Operators said a more hostile Trump administration might raise pressure on banks to ensure clients were in compliance and increase the number of regulations they had to check .
“ What concerns me is if the regulations become even more complicated , the banks are going to be really , really holding on and making sure everything 's legitimate . And they may decide ‘ this is n't worth it to us , ' ” Moore said .
Those who expressed concern about Google 's acquisition of Nest may have have been right : the company has told the Securities and Exchange Commission that it may choose to serve ads on “ refrigerators , car dashboards , thermostats , glasses , and watches , to name just a few possibilities . ”
The Wall Street Journal reports that Google made the statement in support of its contention that it should n't have to break out ad revenue from mobile devices .
Google argued that it does n't make sense to break out mobile revenue since the definition of mobile will “ continue to evolve ” as more “ smart ” devices roll out . “ Our expectation is that users will be using our services and viewing our ads on an increasingly wide diversity of devices in the future , ” the company said in the filing .
While the statement is purely a defensive one – the company not wanting to share more data than it has to with competitors – the specific thermostat example seems unlikely to have been chosen completely randomly .
Google added the Nest smart thermostat to Google Play three months after purchasing the company . Nest remains on sale in Apple stores , both retail and online .
Nest was created by former Apple engineer Tony Fadell , the man dubbed ‘ father of the iPod . ' Fadell sought to allay concerns about Google 's acquisition of the company soon after it was announced , promising that all data collected by Nest was used only to improve the product , and that any changes to that policy would be opt-in . Nothing was said about serving non-personalized ads , however .
Update : Google gave the following statement to Engadget…
“ We are in contact with the SEC to clarify the language in this 2013 filing , which does not reflect Google 's product roadmap . Nest , which we acquired after this filing was made , does not have an ads-based model and has never had any such plans . ”
SAN LORENZO , CA - FEBRUARY 20 : A Wal-Mart truck sits outside of a Wal-Mart store on February 20 , 2014 in San Lorenzo , California . Wal-Mart reporterd a 21 percent decline in fourth quarter earnings with profits of $ 4.4 billion or $ 1.36 a share compared to $ 5.6 billion , or $ 1.67 per share one year ago . ( Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images )
A Walmart contractor that operates many of the retailer 's distribution centers has agreed to pay $ 21 million in backpay to warehouse workers in California who claim they were systematically shorted on pay for years .
If approved by a judge , the preliminary settlement will resolve a lawsuit originally filed in 2011 by six workers employed by Schneider Logistics in the Inland Empire area of Southern California . The workers claim that they were forced to work on piece rate in dangerously hot conditions moving Walmart goods , and that when they complained about the working conditions they were threatened with their jobs .
`` This settlement vindicates us , '' David Acosta , one of the plaintiffs , said in a statement . “ When we raised these issues , we knew it would be a fight . Schneider tried to fire us . Walmart tried to deny responsibility . But we knew that the law was on our side . ''
`` We 're thrilled , '' Lauren Teukolsky , one of lawyers for the plaintiffs , told HuffPost . `` The workers are going to be receiving the wages that were stolen from them . ''
Despite the large sum , the settlement wo n't be coming out of Walmart 's pockets .
The plaintiffs had successfully petitioned to have Walmart named as a defendant in the case . This was a victory for workers who argued that the world 's largest retailer sets the working conditions in the warehouses , even if it 's Walmart 's contractors who actually employ the workers . But under the terms of the settlement , the full amount of the penalty falls to Schneider , the contractor . Walmart will pay nothing .
`` We 're obviously pleased with the proposed settlement agreement , '' said Kory Lundberg , a Walmart spokesperson . `` Schneider is the one that 's solely responsible for paying the agreed upon amount . ''
According to Teukolsky , Walmart had `` vigorously opposed '' being added as a defendant , though the judge ultimately found it could be held liable as a joint employer . Teukolsky said that the case `` makes clear that employers like Schneider and Walmart that exercise control over low-level workers may be liable for wage theft on their watch , '' even if they do n't employ the workers themselves .
Having battled Walmart for years over the company 's pay practices , labor groups have recently taken their fight with the retailer to its sprawling supply chain , where contracted workers load and unload goods destined for Walmart stores . As HuffPost reported in 2011 , many of the so-called warehouse `` lumpers '' are temp workers toiling for low pay and no benefits at dizzying production rates .
While Walmart directly manages much of its distribution network , the company hands off a lot of the operations to third-party logistics firms like Schneider , which , in turn , often contract with temp staffing firms . Workers have filed a raft of wage-theft lawsuits against Walmart sub-contractors , but the California suit was the first in which a judge allowed Walmart itself to be included .
`` Walmart 's name does not appear on any of these workers ' paychecks , and the Walmart logo does not appear on the t-shirts they 're required to wear , '' Michael Rubin , one of the workers ' lawyers , said when the plaintiffs petitioned the court to include Walmart . `` But it has become increasingly clear that the ultimate liability for these workplace violations rests squarely on the shoulders of Walmart . ''
In December , a federal judge approved a settlement in a separate lawsuit filed against Schneider by warehouse workers moving Walmart product . In that case , the company agreed to pay out $ 4.7 million to 568 workers . The workers claimed the company failed to pay them overtime and made illegal deductions from their paychecks . None of those workers were directly employed by Walmart , either .
If these seats could talk ... `` What stories they would tell you and great experiences , '' said Vicki Bryant , VP of Event Services/Merchandising for the Cardinals .
Two World Series , 2006 and 2011 , the 2009 MLB All Star game , the NHL Winter Classic , and the list goes on . These memorable moments at Busch Stadium kept fans on the edge of their seats .
And now those fans could actually own those seats .
They said , `` These are a piece of history . These just are n't seats we pulled out . These seats have been here since we opened the ballpark . So they 've seen so much history . ''
Two types seats were removed from the stadium .
`` We have premium seats that have arms with a Cardinal bird and we have standard seats with regular arms , '' they said .
Premium , which sold out in minutes , cost $ 750 dollars , and standard , which are still available , cost $ 500 for the pair . They 've all been authenticated with an MLB hologram .
`` This is the first time we pulled seats out of Busch iii because fans were able to buy seats from old Busch Stadium , Busch ii , but now you can maybe have a companion pair , '' they said .
Hundreds seats were just removed from the right field terrace .
They said , `` We took out the seats from an area in the ballpark to make way for a project next year ... We 're not ready to release all the details of a new area in the ballpark where the seats came from but I guarantee you it 's gon na be a fun place you 're going to want to spend some time at a ballgame . ''
The ultimate gift any cards fan would love to find under the Christmas tree .
To purchase , go to cardinals.com/seats .
Satya Nadella 's Microsoft is a lot different from the Microsoft they took charge of from Steve Ballmer last year . It 's open , it 's bold , and it 's kicking . At the ongoing Build 2015 developer conference , the Redmond-based software mammoth announces the launch of Visual Studio Code , a cross-platform code editor for writing modern web and cloud apps . The interesting bit ? In addition to Windows , the Visual Studio Code runs on Linux as well as Apple 's Mac OS X desktop platform . Also , it 's free and you can download a technical preview of it right here .
The full-fledged Visual Studio is still Windows-only , but with the new Code the company is opening up to other platforms . The idea is simple . A lot of people use Linux and Mac , so let 's make a development environment that could support their preferred platform .
Visual Studio Code comes with a range of interesting features including a rich code assistance and navigation for multiple languages . The company is offering built-in support for several languages such as JavaScript , TypeScript , Node.js , and ASP.NET 5 . The editor comes with a modern editor with several refreshed tools to make your chores such as syntax highlighting , customizable keyboard bindings , and snippets , among others , easier to use .
In addition , Microsoft is also making new previews of Visual Studio 2015 , and Application Insights , a new app-monitoring feature developed to be used in conjunction with Visual Studio Online available for download today .
The new Visual Studio 2015 facilitates cross-platform app development through Apache Cordova , Xamarin , and C++ . Other interesting features include Git integration , code completion , and improved debugging capability .
Photo credit : kurhan/Shutterstock
Survey , in wake of Charlie Hebdo attack , also finds 68 % feel citizens should be forbidden from returning to France after fighting with Islamist groups abroad
Four out of ten French people want the press to avoid publishing further cartoons that will upset the Muslim community , according to a poll published on Sunday .
While supporting the idea of freedom of expression , 42 % of those quizzed in the Ifop poll for Le Journal du Dimanche said cartoons that made Muslims feel injured or threatened should be avoided .
However , a majority – 57 % of those asked – said magazines and papers should be free to continue publishing cartoons whatever the reaction .
Traditional media was treated slightly more favourably than new media by those asked : 50 % said there should be limits put on the freedom of expression on the internet , while 49 % said there should be no restrictions .
Of those quizzed , 81 % said French citizens convicted of terrorism who held dual nationality should have their French passports taken away , 68 % believed French citizens taking part in Islamist fighting abroad should not be allowed to return to France , and 68 % believed would-be jihadis wishing to leave France should be prevented from doing so .
A majority were against any further French military intervention in Syria , Yemen or Libya , or the intensifying of existing military operations in Iraq .
Brothers Saïd and Chérif Kouachi who carried out the attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine killing 12 people , have been buried in their home towns . No decision has yet been made over the burial of Amédy Coulibaly , who killed a police officer and four Jewish men at a kosher supermarket .
Chérif Kouachi , was buried just before midnight on Saturday , under tight security at a cemetery in Gennevilliers , where they used to live , officials said .
No relatives attended the funeral and the grave was unmarked to avoid it becoming “ a pilgrimage site ” for Islamist militants , the official said .
“ His wife did not wish to take part in the funeral . They did not have anyone . It was extremely calm , ” the official added .
Chérif Kouachi 's widow had asked for both brothers to be buried in the cemetery at Gennevilliers , about five miles northwest of central Paris , but the local mayor Patrice Leclerc blocked the request since Saïd , the older brother , was not a resident of the area .
Leclerc said they had “ no legal choice but to allow the burial of Chérif Kouachi to go ahead ” .
Saïd Kouachi was buried the previous night in the north-eastern town of Reims , where they had lived for around two years .
Their funeral was held under heavy police protection and with a handful of family members present , according to a well-informed source .
Their widow decided not to attend the burial in order to keep it secret , said their lawyer Antoine Flasaquier .
“ She is now relieved that their husband has been buried with discretion and dignity , ” Flasaquier said .
Under French law , relatives must request permission for a burial from the local town hall , which has to be granted if the individual lived or died in the area , or has a family burial plot there .
Mat Coch writes :
Heading into their twelfth season in Formula One , Mark Webber has been linked with a move to endurance racing for 2014 , joining Porsche upon its return to the LMP1 class .
The rumours have been fuelled by the fact that Red Bull driver owns a limited edition Porsche 911 GT2 RS which he 's been known to enjoy around the famous Nordschleife circuit in Germany .
Webber made their way to Formula One via the Mercedes endurance racing programme , famously crashing in the 1999 Le Mans 24 Hours when a design flaw saw them flip their CLR twice .
`` Like anyone else who 's interested in motorsport , I 'm aware of Porsche 's return to sports prototype racing and Le Mans in 2014 , '' they told Pitpass . `` It 's an exciting prospect and fantastic news for endurance racing . ''
Webber has moved to distance themselves from rumours that they are embarking on their final Formula One campaign , though they stopped short of an outright denial .
Much has been made about the Australian 's future since they inked a one-year extension to their Red Bull contract shortly after the British Grand Prix last season . It marks the Australian 's seventh year with the Milton Keynes squad , which has so far netted the partnership nine Grand Prix wins .
Webber openly admits they are nearer the end of their Formula One career than the start and has in recent years had to fend off ever more questions over their prolonged involvement at the sport 's pinnacle . Of course , all good things must come to an end , but Webber refuses to consider their future beyond the current year .
`` It 's inevitable people are speculating and linking my name to things I may or may not do , '' they concede .
`` But , I 'm not thinking about anything other than 2013 and the first race of the year in Melbourne , '' they added . `` It 's how I 've played every year of my career and I 'm sure if I continue to do that the future will take care of itself . ''
Porsche is set to make its return to LMP1 after an absence of five years . It was last involved in a factory capacity in 2008 , though continued with the RS Spyder as a customer car until 2010 . The company last won Le Mans in 1998 with the 911 GT1 .
EVENT OVERVIEW : Chuck Palahniuk will present their New Story Collection Make Something Up : Stories You Ca n't Unread and Issue # 1 of the Comic Fight Club 2 at a Multimedia Event . Co-Sponsored by Rainy Day Books and INK 's Middle of The Map Fest .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR : Chuck Palahniuk 's 14 previous Novels are the Bestselling Fight Club , which was made into a film by David Fincher ; Survivor ; Invisible Monsters ; Choke , which was made into a film by director Clark Gregg ; Lullaby ; Diary ; Haunted ; Rant ; Snuff ; Pygmy ; Tell-All ; Damned ; Doomed and Beautiful You . They are also the Author of Fugitives and Refugees , a nonfiction profile of Portland , Oregon , published as part of the Crown Journeys series , and the nonfiction collection Stranger Than Fiction . They live in the Pacific Northwest .
ABOUT THE NEW BOOK : Representing work that spans several years , Make Something Up is a compilation of 22 stories and one novella that will disturb and delight . The absurdity of both life and death are on full display ; in `` Zombies , '' the best and brightest of a high school prep school become tragically addicted to the latest drug craze : electric shocks from cardiac defibrillators . In `` Knock , Knock , '' a son hopes to tell one last off-color joke to a father in their final moments , while in `` Tunnel of Love , '' a massage therapist runs the curious practice of providing 'relief ' to dying clients . And in `` Expedition , '' fans will be thrilled to find to see a side of Tyler Durden never seen before in a precusor story to Fight Club . Funny , caustic , bizarre , poignant ; these stories represent everything readers have come to love and expect from Chuck Palahniuk .
DATE & TIME : Friday , May 29 , 2015 at 7:30 PM . Doors OPEN at 6:00 PM . This Event is General Admission Seating .
LOCATION : Uptown Theater , 3700 Broadway Street , Kansas City , Missouri 64111
EVENT FORMAT : Chuck Palahniuk will shock and delight you at a Multimedia Event . All Books & Comics will already be Author Autographed . There will be NO Autographing at this Event .
ADMISSION PACKAGE ( ADMITS ONE ) : $ 35.00 plus Sales Tax , includes One Author Autographed Hardcover of Make Something Up , One Author Autographed Comic Book Edition of Issue # 1 of Fight Club 2 , and One Stamped Admission Ticket .
ONLINE ORDERING FOR THIS EVENT HAS NOW STOPPED . Admission Packages will be available for Walk-In Purchase at our Sales & Service Table at this Event beginning at 6:00 PM .
PLEASE NOTE : Stamped Admission Tickets will be available for In-Store Pick-Up at Rainy Day Books beginning Friday , May 1 , 2015 . We will automatically have your Admission Packages held at the Will-Call Table of this Event if you are unable to pick them up ahead of time . ALL BOOKS & COMICS will be distributed to patrons as they arrive at this Event . You must have your intact Stamped Admission Ticket ( s ) to claim your Books & Comics . Treat your Stamped Admission Ticket ( s ) like Cash . Lost Admission Tickets are not replaceable .
DISCLAIMER : All Author Event sales are final and non-refundable . Kansas Sales Tax is charged on all Orders , regardless of destination . Additional Signed Books are available for purchase at our Author Event .
Mayoral Candidate Lures Voters With Pot Giveaway
Cincinnati mayoral hopeful Jim Berns tried to woo potential voters by promising them `` nice plants about six weeks from harvest , '' while remaining `` coy '' about the type of plant they would be distributing . The Libertarian candidate is running on a pro-pot platform , calling for legalization of the drug in Ohio . About 30 college-aged supporters showed up at their Wednesday event , and dozens more reportedly lined up at a city park to receive their plants . But instead of marijuana , they received potted tomato plants , in addition to fliers promoting Berns ' campaign for legalization . `` We support people deciding themselves to smoke marijuana , '' the 65-year-old told the Daily News . Berns previously ran for a seat in the US House of Representatives in 2010 , but did not give out any shrubs during that campaign . They lost to Republican Steve Chabot , getting 1.5 % of the vote .
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Earth is the third planet from the Sun and is the largest of the terrestrial planets . The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not to be named after a Greek or Roman deity . The Earth was formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago and is the only known planet to support life .
Similar Facts
Moon Facts The Moon ( or Luna ) is the Earth 's only natural satellite and was formed 4.6 billion years ago around some 30–50 million years after the ...
Cool Space Facts A collection of cool facts about the Sun and all the planets in our solar system ( sorry Pluto ) . The Sun makes up 99.86 % of ...
Solar Eclipse Facts What is a Solar Eclipse ? A solar eclipse is a natural event that takes place on Earth when the Moon moves in its orbit ...
With the official launch of the Sony Xperia Honami aka i1/ Xperia Z1 rumoured to be on September 4 coming closer , the company is doing its bit to generate interest by teasing its upcoming smartphone in bits .
The new tweet posted by Sony says , `` About to make a splash ... '' and is accompanied by the # bestofsony hashtag . The second teaser image partially reveals the design of the upcoming smartphone and also confirms that the device would be water-resistant . Other features revealed by the teaser image include a 3.5mm audio jack that can be spotted on the top panel with a chrome finish on the sides , and volume controls placed on the right side of the handset . While the power button sits above the volume controls and is also located at the right side of the device .
Aside from the teaser , Sony has not provided any new information related to the upcoming smartphone . Interestingly , the company has still not revealed the camera of the rumoured Xperia Honami which is also expected to be the highlight of the device . The long rumoured flagship smartphone is expected to pack a 20-megapixel Exmor RS rear camera that will sport a Sony G-lens and BIONZ image processor . The teaser was first spotted by Xperia Blog .
Earlier , Sony teased the power button of its upcoming smartphone on Twitter .
The tweet posted by Sony said , `` It 's the smartphone everyone 's been talking about ... not long now . '' The tweet was accompanied by the # bestofsony hashtag that the company has again repeated in the new teaser .
Recently , a rumour claimed that the Xperia Honami might release as the Sony Xperia Z1 .
Rumoured specifications of the Xperia Honami or Z1 include a 5.0-inch full-HD display . It 's likely to be powered by a 2.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 800 processor with 2GB of RAM . It may include 16GB internal storage and a 3000mAh battery . The device is said to run Android 4.2 Jelly Bean .
TypeScript 1.8 introduced string literal types for restricting variables to a finite set of possible string values . With TypeScript 2.0 , literal types are no longer restricted to string literals . The following literal types have been added to the type system :
In the following sections , we 're going to be looking at a practical example for each of these new literal types .
Boolean Literal Types
The following example defines two constants , TRUE and FALSE , which hold the values true and false , respectively :
const TRUE : true = true ; // OK const FALSE : false = false ; // OK
Trying to assign the opposite boolean value to each of the local variables results in a type error :
const TRUE : true = false ; // Error : Type 'false ' is not assignable to type 'true ' const FALSE : false = true ; // Error : Type 'true ' is not assignable to type 'false '
With the introduction of boolean literal types , the predefined boolean type is now equivalent to the true | false union type :
let value : true | false ; // Type boolean
While boolean literal types are rarely useful in isolation , they work great in conjunction with tagged union types and control flow based type analysis . For instance , a generic Result < T > type that either holds a value of type T or an error message of type string can be defined as follows :
type Result < T > = | { success : true ; value : T } | { success : false ; error : string } ;
Here 's a function that accepts a parameter .
function parseEmailAddress ( input : string | null | undefined ) : Result < string > { // If the input is null , undefined , or the empty string // ( all of which are falsy values ) , we return early . if ( ! input ) { return { success : false , error : `` The email address can not be empty . '' } ; } // We 're only checking that the input matches the pattern // < something > @ < something > DOT < something > // to keep it simple . Properly validating email addresses // via regex is hard , so let 's not even try here . if ( ! /^\ [ email protected ] \S+\.\S+ $ /.test ( input ) ) { return { success : false , error : `` The email address has an invalid format . '' } ; } // At this point , control flow based type analysis // has determined that the input has type string . // Thus , we can assign input to the value property . return { success : true , value : input } ; }
Note that with the strictNullChecks option enabled , string is a non-nullable type . In order for the function to accept a value of a nullable type for its input parameter , the null and undefined types must explicitly be included in the union type .
We can now call the parseEmailFunction as follows :
const parsed = parseEmailAddress ( `` [ email protected ] '' ) ; if ( parsed.success ) { parsed.value ; // OK parsed.error ; // Error } else { parsed.value ; // Error parsed.error ; // OK }
Here 's a screenshot of Visual Studio Code rendering the above code snippet . Notice that some property access expressions are underlined with red squigglies :
What 's great about this is that the compiler only lets us the value or error properties after we 've checked parsed.success , our discriminant property :
If parsed.success is true , parsed must have type { success : true ; value : string } . We can access value in this case , but not error .
is , must have type . We can access in this case , but not . If parsed.success is false , parsed must have type { success : false ; error : string } . We can access error in this case , but not value .
By the way , did you notice that the only TypeScript artifacts in this entire code example are the declaration of Result < T > and the type annotations in the function signature ? The remainder of the code is plain , idiomatic JavaScript that is still fully typed due to control flow based type analysis .
Numeric Literal Types
Similar to string literal types , we can restrict numeric variables to a finite set of known values :
let zeroOrOne : 0 | 1 ; zeroOrOne = 0 ; // OK zeroOrOne = 1 ; // OK zeroOrOne = 2 ; // Error : Type ' 2 ' is not assignable to type ' 0 | 1 '
In practice , we could use a numeric literal when working with port numbers , for example . Unsecured HTTP uses port 80 , while HTTPS uses port 443 . We can write a getPort function and encode the only two possible return values in its function signature :
function getPort ( scheme : `` http '' | `` https '' ) : 80 | 443 { switch ( scheme ) { case `` http '' : return 80 ; case `` https '' : return 443 ; } } const httpPort = getPort ( `` http '' ) ; // Type 80 | 443
It gets even more interesting if we combine literal types with TypeScript 's function overloads . That way , we can give more specific types to different overloads of the getPort function :
function getPort ( scheme : `` http '' ) : 80 ; function getPort ( scheme : `` https '' ) : 443 ; function getPort ( scheme : `` http '' | `` https '' ) : 80 | 443 { switch ( scheme ) { case `` http '' : return 80 ; case `` https '' : return 443 ; } } const httpPort = getPort ( `` http '' ) ; // Type 80 const httpsPort = getPort ( `` https '' ) ; // Type 443
Now , the compiler can help us when it detects conditions that are always return the value false , for example when comparing httpPort to the value 443 :
Since httpPort has type 80 , it always contains the value 80 , which of course is never equal to the value 443 . In cases like these , the TypeScript compiler can help you detect both buggy logic and dead code .
Enum Literal Types
Finally , we can also use enumerations as literal types . Continuing our example from before , we 'll be implementing a function that maps from a given port ( 80 or 443 ) to the corresponding scheme ( HTTP or HTTPS , respectively ) . To do that , we 'll first declare a const enum which models the two port numbers :
const enum HttpPort { Http = 80 , Https = 443 }
Now comes our getScheme function , again using function overloads for specialized type annotations :
function getScheme ( port : HttpPort.Http ) : `` http '' ; function getScheme ( port : HttpPort.Https ) : `` https '' ; function getScheme ( port : HttpPort ) : `` http '' | `` https '' { switch ( port ) { case HttpPort.Http : return `` http '' ; case HttpPort.Https : return `` https '' ; } } const scheme = getScheme ( HttpPort.Http ) ; // Type `` http ''
Constant enumerations have no runtime manifestation ( unless you provide the preserveConstEnums compiler option ) — that is , the constant values of the enum cases will be inlined wherever they are used . Here 's the compiled JavaScript code , with comments removed :
function getScheme ( port ) { switch ( port ) { case 80 : return `` http '' ; case 443 : return `` https '' ; } } var scheme = getScheme ( 80 ) ;
Super clean , is n't it ?
New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie addresses the Republican National Convention on Tuesday in Cleveland . Robyn Beck/Getty Images
In their convention speech Tuesday night , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie roused the Republican delegates with a bill of indictment against Hillary Clinton 's record and character as the nation 's top diplomat . They were clearly staking their bid for a Cabinet post in the Trump administration , but their reading seemed more like an audition for the role of Reverend Parris in a summer-stock production of The Crucible .
“ Lock them up ! ” “ Burn the witch at the stake ! ” roared the crowds that night , as they had the night before , and Christie fit right in .
But let 's examine their monologue in a way that no one else , least of all Christie , has done : as a serious , substantive list of charges . In this light , they would n't make it as an assistant district attorney in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , much less than attorney general of the United States .
Christie began with Libya , a weak spot for the Democratic contender . The U.S. intervention in that country 's civil war , with the resulting ouster of Muammar Qaddafi , did turn out disastrously , and , as secretary of state , Hillary Clinton was the Obama administration 's most avid advocate of supporting the rebels militarily . But it 's over-the-top to pronounce them “ guilty , ” as Christie did , “ for ruining Libya and creating a nest for terrorist activity . ”
For one thing , Clinton was far from alone in pushing for armed intervention . Christie did n't mention this ( and I doubt anyone else will this week ) , but Donald Trump also favored U.S. military action , saying , “ If you do n't get rid of Qaddafi , it 's a major , major black eye for this country. ” Recall the context : The besieged Qaddafi was threatening to exterminate tens of thousands of their own citizens ; the Arab League , in a near-unprecedented move , unanimously beseeched the United States for help ; NATO expressed eagerness to dive in ; and the U.N. Security Council drafted a resolution .
Obama agreed ( yes , with a push from Clinton and National Security Adviser Susan Rice ) to send in U.S. air power but only if the European allies , who had more stake in the conflict , restored order and cleaned up afterward . The leaders of France and Italy agreed . The first part of the operation succeeded . The problem was that France and Italy proved unable or unwilling to do their parts in the “ post-combat phase. ” As a result , the place fell apart , and terrorists moved in to fill the vacuum . But is Libya worse off than it would have been had Qaddafi remained in power ? Unclear . Regardless of the answer , is Hillary Clinton to blame for the ensuing anarchy ? Marginally , at most .
At least a real debate could be had about Libya . ( Not that Christie contributed to one . ) The rest of their speech was flooded with falsehoods .
“ In Nigeria , ” Christie told the crowd , “ Hillary Clinton amazingly fought for two years to keep an al-Qaida affiliate off of the terrorist watch list , ” and , “ as a result of this reckless action by the candidate who is the self-proclaimed champion of women all around the world , ” the terrorists abducted hundreds of schoolgirls .
The truth is the Nigerian government , a U.S. ally , strenuously opposed efforts to put Boko Haram—the al-Qaida affiliate—on the watch list , arguing that doing so would elevate the group 's stature . A letter to Secretary of State Clinton , signed by 25 Africa specialists , including the U.S. ambassador to Nigeria under President George W. Bush , urged them not to place the group on the watch list . Doing so , the letter stated , “ would internationalize Boko Haram , legitimize abuses by Nigeria 's security services , limit the State Department 's latitude in shaping a long-term strategy , and undermine the U.S. government 's ability to receive effective independent analysis from the region. ” There was an internal debate over the matter , but the State Department 's counterterrorism bureau took the Nigerian government 's side .
Even so , in June 2012 , Clinton put the three alleged leaders of Boko Haram on the terrorist watch list—which sparked a process leading to the designation of the entire group in 2013 , not long after they left government service . In any case , there is no evidence that putting Boko Haram on the watch list earlier would have prevented the abductions .
Christie then moved on to China , claiming that Clinton “ praised the Chinese government for buying our debt to finance Barack Obama 's bloated stimulus plan. ” Quite apart from the issue of whether the stimulus plan was bloated , this is how debt-financing works , and this particular feature of Chinese-American relations long precedes—and will long follow—Clinton 's tenure as secretary .
Then came Syria where , according to Christie , Clinton lauded President Bashar al-Assad as “ a different kind of leader ” and “ reformer. ” Now , Christie added , there are “ 400,000 dead at the hands of the man that Hillary defended , ” betraying themselves as “ an awful judge of the character of a dictator and butcher . ”
Again , Christie distorted the facts . In March 2011 , Assad started arresting protesters who were inspired by the Arab Spring . On CBS ' Face the Nation , host Bob Schieffer asked Clinton why the U.S. was n't sending in airstrikes , as it had in Libya . After all , Assad 's father had “ killed 25,000 people at a lick ” in similar circumstances 30 years earlier . Clinton replied ( emphasis mine ) :
Well , if there were a coalition of the international community … the passage of a Security Council resolution … a call by the Arab League … but that 's not going to happen because I do n't think that it 's yet clear what will occur , what will unfold . There is a different leader in Syria now . Many of the members of Congress of both parties who have gone to Syria in recent months have said they believe he 's a reformer .
Two things are worth highlighting . First , Clinton said no one knew how the Syrian protests or Assad 's crackdown would unfold , so talk of airstrikes was premature . Second , they did n't say that Assad was “ a different kind of leader ” but rather “ a different leader ” from their father . ( Which was true at the time : They had n't yet approached , much less surpassed , Hafez al-Assad in brutality . ) Third , they did n't call Assad a reformer ; rather , they quoted members of a bipartisan congressional delegation as calling them a possible reformer .
They were a little off in this assessment . As PolitiFact found in its research , the Democrats on the trip to Syria ( including the inveterate optimist then–Sen . John Kerry ) came back hopeful about Assad 's leadership ; the Republicans were more skeptical . Still , Bashar was Western-educated , seemed to be more civilized than their father ; they had n't yet revealed their true colors or maybe even decided what they were . Hope was in the air , though it turned out to be illusory . But it 's going way too far to say Hillary Clinton called Assad a reformer .
Then Christie came to their party 's bête noir—the nuclear deal with Iran , which they called “ the worst nuclear deal in history … a deal that will lead to a nuclear Iran and an Israel that will be less safe , ” a deal that has already made America “ less safe and less respected. ” This is the season 's big lie since , in fact , the deal has proved successful : Iran has dismantled the vast bulk of its centrifuges , unloaded its enriched uranium , and let in cameras and inspectors , just as the deal mandated . Iran is much farther away from a nuclear bomb and Israel much safer , as a result . ( Recent reports of a “ secret side-deal ” are neither new , secret , nor invalidating of this assessment . )
But the relevant point , in this context , is that Hillary Clinton had nothing to do with the Iran nuclear deal . They helped set up the sanctions against Iran , which , some believe , played a role in bringing Iran to the negotiating table . But it 's not true that they “ launched the negotiations , ” as Christie put it , nor that they “ helped cut ” the deal . The talks did n't begin until after they left the State Department ; their successor , John Kerry , ran the talks from start to finish . If this were a trial , any judge would dismiss this count out of hand .
Christie then denounced Clinton for their “ reset ” policy in Russia , which they claimed “ deleted in four years the safety and security it took us to build in 40 years. ” Here , Christie was treading on shaky ground , given Trump 's outspoken admiration of Vladimir Putin and their desire to restore U.S.–Russian relations—his own “ reset , ” plus some .
But Christie was not just impolitic : They were also wrong . For as long as Dmitry Medvedev was Russian president , the reset policy accomplished quite a bit . Washington and Moscow signed the New START nuclear arms-reduction treaty , cooperated in measures to counterterrorism and nuclear proliferation . At Obama 's request , Medvedev even canceled a contract to sell advanced air-defense missiles to Iran , at a considerable financial loss , because the missiles would have made it harder for the United States or Israel to bomb Iran 's nuclear reactors if the showdown with Tehran had come to that . All this went up in smoke with the re-emergence of Putin and their nostalgia for the days of empire . Even so , it 's nutty to say that these renewed tensions , whatever their cause , have “ deleted ” the gains yielded by 40 years of U.S. security policy .
While they were on the subject of Communist leaders , Christie then claimed Clinton “ supported concessions to the Castro brothers ” by “ ending the embargo ” against Cuba while getting “ almost nothing in return. ” Again , Christie is confused by chronology : The diplomatic gambit to reopen relations with Cuba took place well after Clinton left the State Department . And , in any case , the embargo has not been lifted .
Finally , Christie brought up Clinton 's emails , saying that they “ cared more about protecting their own secrets than … protecting America 's secrets ” and that “ her selfish , awful judgment ” made “ our secrets vulnerable. ” I have already been over this overhyped issue in some detail . Suffice it to say that neither FBI Director James Comey nor any other investigator found the slightest evidence that their email led to the improper disclosure of any secrets . Even the missives containing Top Secret material—all eight of them , only one of which they sent—dealt with matters known to the entire world ( CIA drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen ) or not terribly important ( a conversation with the president of Malawi ) .
Christie concluded their speech , as if addressing a jury of their peers , “ Time after time , the facts and just the facts lead you to the same verdict . … In Libya , Nigeria : guilty . In China and Syria … ”
The crowd screamed , “ Guilty ! ”
“ In Iran and Russia and Cuba … ”
“ Guilty ! ” they roared again .
“ And here at home , for risking America 's secrets to keep their own and lying to cover it all up … ”
“ Guilty ! ”
Chris Christie had taken the stage 20 minutes earlier with the end of their political career in sight , panting into the final months of their final term as New Jersey governor , saddled with unspeakably low ratings , denied their dream of a spot on the ticket with Trump after months of a lapdog 's humiliation . They mustered their case for the candidate nonetheless , on an issue about which they know next to nothing , and incited the mob passion despite their placement on the schedule just before 10 p.m. That is , just before the three networks started covering the proceedings , a prime time that Trump had allotted to their least-known son and Ben Carson—Carson , of all Trump 's discarded rivals ! —who wound up straying off-script to denounce Hillary Clinton as a disciple of Lucifer , outdoing even Christie 's gamest efforts at pandering .
If Trump is elected president , they might nominate Christie to be their attorney general . If Clinton is elected , we may never hear of Chris Christie again . As Christie said , at one point in their speech , “ You 're the ones who will decide . ”
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
Image caption Intel 's perceptual computing chief says that its 3D camera component will start appearing in laptops before the end of 2014
Intel has said that laptops featuring 3D-camera technology developed by the chipmaker will go on sale this year .
It said seven firms would release products that contained its software and hardware , which would be indentified by the RealSense brand .
At a press conference in Las Vegas , Intel showed how one of its depth sensors could be used to interpret gesture controls and to separate foreground objects from the background .
The idea itself is not new .
Microsoft 's Kinect and SoftKinectic 's Depthsense cameras already offer such functions . Apple recently bought another firm , PrimeSense , that also makes depth sensing hardware .
Image caption The cameras was used to superimpose a test subject over a backdrop of Las Vegas
But one expert said Intel 's intervention could help the innovation go mainstream as a built-in component .
`` This tech has been knocking around for a while , but Intel 's move will give it fresh momentum , '' said Tony Crabtree , from the consultancy Juniper Research , who is attending the Consumer Electronics Show where the announcement was made .
`` It needed a big player to help the market take off . Having said that , I do n't see it as a transformative technology in the same way wearables or ultra-high definition screens will be . ''
Fake background
Intel named Acer , Asus , Dell , Fujitsu , HP , Lenovo and NEC as the first manufacturers to release RealSense branded kit .
Image caption SoftKinetic already offers add-on 3D depth sensing cameras
At CES it gave a demonstration of the tech using a version of Skype in which the camera was used to isolate the user 's video image , extract it and superimpose it over a different background in real-time .
This mimicked an effect that would normally require a green screen and special compositing software .
It also showed how the software could turn the majority of a video feed black-and-white while leaving one of the objects in colour .
In another demo a member of Intel 's team played a pinball video game by moving a real paddle in front of the computer 's camera .
The company said that it believed that the use of other possible gestures could help educate children by making software more immersive .
Image caption Intel said that its RealSense camera is thinner than a Las Vegas casino chip
Several `` edutainment '' titles for Nintendo 's Wii consoles are based on the same principle .
Intel added that it had formed a partnership with 3D Systems - one of the leading 3D printer makers - to let its kit be used to create real-world objects by shaping them in the air .
3D Systems had previously worked with another firm , GeoMagic , to offer this facility for its printers using the Kinect-to-3D-Scan app and Microsoft 's sensor .
Wearable tech
Intel 's chief executive Brian Krzanich also unveiled several new concept wearable technologies that the firm is developing , during a separate Keynote Address .
Image caption Intel 's new chief executive gave their first CES Keynote address where they unveiled several prototypes
These included :
Smart earbuds , which act as an activity tracker as well as playing music , drawing their power from the attached machine 's audio jack
A smart headset , nicknamed Jarvis , which hooks behind the user 's ear . It is controlled by speech and is meant to allow the user to set up diary appointments , book restaurant tables and other such tasks
A smartwatch that can connect to the net without needing to be linked to a phone
Mr Krzanich also unveiled a computer called Edison , which is the size of an SD card but can run Linux-based operating systems and connect to wi-fi networks .
The company also confirmed it had developed a technology to allow a Windows computer powered by one of its chips to run certain Android apps under software emulation .
The debate within mainstream economists and between those economists working for financial institutions continues . The stock and bond markets appear to be pricing in the real possibility of the US economy dropping into recession ( as defined by two consecutive quarters of contraction in real GDP ) in 2016 .
However , the majority view of mainstream economics is that a US recession is unlikely and that the US economy will pick up again during this year . That 's certainly the position of the US Federal Reserve under Janet Yellen , who presented that argument in their testimony to the US Congress last week . “ Financial conditions in the United States have recently become less supportive of growth , with declines in broad measures of equity prices , higher borrowing rates for riskier borrowers , and a further appreciation of the dollar . These developments , if they prove persistent , could weigh on the outlook for economic activity and the labor market , although declines in longer-term interest rates and oil prices provide some offset . Still , ongoing employment gains and faster wage growth should support the growth of real incomes and therefore consumer spending , and global economic growth should pick up over time , supported by highly accommodative monetary policies abroad . Against this backdrop , the Committee expects that with gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy , economic activity will expand at a moderate pace in coming years and that labor market indicators will continue to strengthen ” .
And remember , when the US Fed hiked its policy interest rate for the first time in nearly ten years last December , Yellen commented that : that the US economy “ is on a path of sustainable improvement. ” and “ we are confident in the US economy ” , even if borrowing rates rise .
The main arguments that the US economy is heading into recession this year is that the manufacturing and wider industrial sector is already slumping , not just in the US , but in all the major capitalist economies . And the collapse in oil prices has led to a huge drop in the profits and investment of the US energy sector , an important part of the economy . At the same time , the US dollar remains very strong compared to other trading currencies , so exports are doing badly and US external trade is now a drag on growth .
However , the counter-argument is that while industrial production may be falling , the American consumer is still spending robustly , the housing market is picking up and retail sales ( whether through the shops , auto dealers or on the internet ) are still motoring .
Deutsche Bank economist Torsten Sløk sums up this view : “ The challenges in the energy sector are not spilling over to the broader economy and the macro data is not deteriorating … Despite the macro data doing well , pessimists often try to convince me that we are on the road to a full-blown credit crisis , which will push the economy into a recession , and we have been on this path since credit spreads started widening in July 2014 . But if this is true , why did the data for January show an acceleration in consumer spending , a decline in the unemployment rate , an acceleration in wage inflation , and an increase in consumer confidence ? ” They added that “ most importantly , if we for the past 18 months have been moving toward a credit crunch why is the weekly data for bank lending still showing no signs of a slowdown in bank lending ? ” Indeed , the latest release from the Federal Reserve showed that bank lending is right at its strongest levels since the financial crisis .
As for the last point on credit conditions , the view of Deutsche Bank 's Slok is open to question . Gavyn Davies in their FT blog points out that the strong dollar has tightened US financial conditions substantially . What that means is that exporters ca n't sell and the cost of borrowing for companies has risen . They cite the Goldman Sachs Financial Conditions index .
The index suggests that there has been a tightening of about 250 basis points in the FCI since the dollar rise started in mid 2014 . Jan Hatzius , now the Chief Economist at Goldman Sachs , calculates that this change in the GSFCI should already have reduced the annual GDP growth rate by around 1.0-1.5 per cent . They do not expect this impact to get worse during the rest of 2016 , but their calculations are comfortably able to account for the slowdown in US growth to around 1.2 per cent since mid 2015 , a growth rate that is well below trend .
In my blog , I have argued that what is important for the health of a modern capitalist economy is not the ease or cost of borrowing , as discussed by the mainstream economists above . It is the direction of average profitability of capital , total business profits and its impact on business investment . I have outlined a lot of data and arguments for these categories , showing that when profitability falls , eventually total corporate profits fall and then some time later , business investment will contract and when that happens , an economic recession soon follows .
This approach , Marxist in my opinion , is not usually supported ( strangely ) by most Marxist economists , let alone post-Keynesian or mainstream economics . However , recently some mainstream economists have paid the movement in profits a bit more attention . In my paper to the recent ASSA 2016 conference , I cited some recent studies by mainstream economists supporting the close causal connection between profits and business investment . And in the last month or so , the economists at the investment bank JP Morgan have started to use profits and profitability as a guide to the likelihood of an oncoming recession .
Now in their latest note , JP Morgan economists looked at US profit margins as a guide to a likely recession again ( Daily Economic Brief , 11 February JPM and Global DataWatch , 13 February ) . JPM_Daily_Economic_Brief_2016-02-11_1942360
They first noted that global profit margins have been drifting lower for the past two years , mainly driven by a falling profitability in emerging capitalist economies as the great commodity price boom reversed and China 's economy slowed sharply .
Investment in plant , equipment ect had been inadequate in driving up the growth in the productivity of labour .
And now “ DM ( developed market ) margins have begun to fall as US corporates come under pressure from the rising dollar and the concentrated hit to the energy sector. ” JPM noted . In another note , JPM economists looked at overall US corporate profits and calculated that “ corporate profits declined 30 % saar in 4Q ( -12 % oya ) …profits were likely down 11 % annualized last quarter , and down 7 % over year-ago levels . ”
They then projected from regression models correlating profits with real GDP growth ( something I also did in my ASSA paper ) that “ if taken literally , they now put the probability of a recession starting within three years at a startling 92 % , and the probability within two years at 67 % ” . However , they temper this result by pointing out that profit margins are still historically high so there is room for a fall without economic contraction and also the expectation that the US Fed will not continue with its rate hikes as quickly or as far as previously planned . On that basis , their forecast of a US recession is “ beginning within three years at about 2/3 and within two years at close to 1/2″ .
My own view has been expressed in previous posts : namely that a US and global recession will come within one to three years . The key deciders are two-fold : first the level of profits in the major economies must start falling and keep falling ; and second , that this must lead to a sustained fall in business investment . It is the latter that causes slumps under capitalism because a fall in business investment means a loss of jobs and incomes for the workforce and that will multiply through to consumer spending ( not vice versa as post-Keynesians claim ) . Those mainstream economists ( including most Keynesians ) who reckon that ‘ the consumer ' can keep a capitalist economy going when business investment is collapsing are wrong . The evidence for the US is conclusive : in the post-war period US business investment has led the economy into slump while consumption stays more or less stable , the latter only falling once the slump is underway .
So far , US business investment has not started falling . In the last available figures for the end of 2015 , it was rising at a 3 % yoy pace , the slowest rate for two years . And the quarterly change in Q4 over Q3 was negative . But firm evidence that business investment is now consistently falling is not there yet .
Advertisements
Share this : Share
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Sen. Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulThe Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE ( R-Ky. ) said Wednesday that Democrats `` should be thanking '' President Trump for firing FBI Director James Comey .
During an appearance on “ Fox & Friends , ” Paul said “ there 's a lot of hypocrisy ” coming from Democrats who are outraged by Trump dismissing the FBI chief .
“ Many of these Democrats , including [ Sen. ] Chuck Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE [ N.Y. ] , said they lost confidence in Comey a long time ago , ” Paul told the hosts , invoking the Senate Democratic leader .
“ Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE 's been blaming Comey . They should be thanking President Trump for getting rid of Comey because they politicized something that may well have had something to do with Hillary Clinton 's loss , '' Paul said , referring to the former Democratic presidential nominee .
ADVERTISEMENT
Paul , who was the only senator to vote against Comey during their 2013 confirmation hearing , asserted Wednesday that there is “ no evidence ” linking Trump 's campaign to Russia during last year 's presidential election .
“ Not only is there no evidence that the Trump administration or campaign was connected to Russia or committed any crime , no evidence at all of committing a crime , there 's not even an accusation that I know of of what crime would have potentially been committed , ” they said .
Democrats previously questioned Comey 's ability to lead the bureau after they sent a letter to lawmakers days before the November election that said the FBI discovered new emails potentially relevant to the probe into Clinton 's use of a private email server while serving as secretary of State . Democrats , including Clinton , have cited the letter as one of the reasons for their loss to Trump .
But calls for their resignation quieted following the election , with Democrats wary of who might replace him .
Many lawmakers from both parties have questioned the timing of Comey 's firing on Tuesday , which sent shockwaves across Washington . Trump said it was `` essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission . ''
Democrats accused Trump of firing Comey in an attempt to tamp down on the FBI 's investigation into potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the presidential election .
Republican and Democratic lawmakers have called for an independent commission or a special prosecutor on the Russia probe in the wake of Comey 's firing .
Last month , the Southern Poverty Law Center and the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in federal court on behalf of the inmates — many seriously mentally ill — at the East Mississippi Correctional Facility . The conditions shock the conscience and , as the complaint charges , have “ cost many prisoners their health , and their limbs , their eyesight , and even their lives . ”
The “ solitary confinement zones house dozens of seriously mentally ill prisoners who are locked down in filthy cells for days , weeks , or even years at a time , ” the suit alleges . “ Rapes , stabbings , beatings , and other acts of violence are rampant , ” and inmates have set fires as “ the only way to get medical attention in emergencies . ”
This suit is the latest chapter in a series of challenges to horrendous conditions in Mississippi prisons . In March 2012 , Federal District Judge Carlton Reeves in Jackson approved an agreement between the state and the Justice Department to reform a prison then called the Walnut Grove Youth Correctional Facility . The agreement was in response to a lawsuit , which was also brought by the A.C.L.U . and the Southern Poverty Law Center .
The abuses there included staff members coercing prisoners to have sex in exchange for food or even phone privileges , officers responding to minor aggression of prisoners by slamming them headfirst into the ground and widespread rape among the young prisoners . A withering Justice Department report called the sexual misconduct by the prison staff and rape there “ among the worst that we have seen in any facility anywhere in the nation . ”
Time-lapse movie of Halemaumau Overlook Vent . The electronic tilt graph shows the radial tilt at Uwekahuna ( UWE ) , on the northwest rim of Kīlauea 's caldera , and Puʻu ʻŌʻō ( POC ) , on the north flank of Puʻu ʻŌʻō cone , as recorded by continuously operating electronic tiltmeters . Positive changes often indicate inflation of the magma storage areas beneath the caldera , but may also result from heavy rainfall or , occasionally , instrumental malfunctions . The Y-axis is in microradians , an angular measure in parts per million ; for example , one microradian represents the tilt of a 1-km-long bar , one end of which is lifted up or down 1 mm . April 23-30 , 2015 . Images courtesy of USGS/HVO
Time-lapse thermal image movie of Halemaumau Overlook Vent . April 23-30 , 2015 . Images courtesy of USGS/HVO
Time-lapse movie of Halemaʻumaʻu Overlook Vent from Hawaiian Volcano Observatory . April 23-30 , 2015 . Images courtesy of USGS/HVO
( Volcano Watch is a weekly article written by scientists at the U.S. Geological Survey 's Hawaiian Volcano Observatory . )
Over the past week , lava has risen within the Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Overlook crater ( active vent at the summit of Kīlauea ) and overflowed onto the floor of the larger Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater . As a result , visitation to Hawai ‘ i Volcanoes National Park has skyrocketed . This is understandable because it 's the first time that a lake of lava within Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater has been visible from Park visitor overlooks since 1974 .
The Overlook crater opened on March 19 , 2008 , but until this week , only the gas plume and nighttime glow from the vent had been visible . Over the years , the vent opening enlarged as parts of its rim spalled off and dropped dramatically into the lava lake . Today , the opening is about 160 m ( 175 yds ) wide and about 220 m ( 240 yds ) long , and the lava lake within it slowly circulates—ascending in the north and descending in the south .
This is the 16th lava lake hosted in Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater since the explosions of May 1924 , which doubled the crater 's width and increased its depth to about 410 m ( 450 yds ) .
From 1924 to 1934 , seven lava lakes occurred in Halema ‘ uma ‘ u , each lasting from 2 to 33 days . After 1934 , Kīlauea Volcano was completely inactive until June 27 , 1952 , when an active lava lake reoccupied Halema ‘ uma ‘ u for 136 days . Four more short-lived lava lakes popped up in the crater in 1954 and 1961 . Accumulation of lava from these 11 lakes decreased the depth of Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater to 170 m ( 186 yds ) .
In early November 1967 , another lava lake was created by an eruption that occurred in phases over a period of 251 days . By the time the eruption ended on July 13 , 1968 , Halemaʻumaʻu Crater had been filled with another 100 m ( 110 yds ) of lava .
The 1967–1968 eruption produced perched lava lakes or ponds . These are bodies of circulating lava that build their own rims , much like an above-ground swimming pool . The 1967–1968 eruptive phases typically started with lava erupting from , and covering most of , the Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater floor before being confined within its perched boundaries . The rest of the eruptive phase would consist of stationary and migrating spattering sources , or low lava fountains , within the perched circulating lava lake .
Not long after the 1967–1968 summit eruption ended , activity picked up in Kīlauea 's upper East Rift Zone , where , in 1969 , the Mauna Ulu eruption began . Twenty-nine months later , Mauna Ulu activity waned and Kīlauea 's summit started to inflate rapidly . On August 14 , 1971 , a brief fissure eruption occurred in the east summit caldera . This was followed in September by a 5-day eruption in the Southwest Rift Zone and within Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater , where lava fountains filled a broad ring along the outer edges of the crater before the summit activity ceased .
But changes within Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater were not only due to lava filling . By the end of the September 1971 eruption , the central part of the floor , still covered with 1968 lava , had dropped 45 m ( 49 yds ) , leaving a 150-m- ( 165-yd- ) wide bench of lava about halfway up the crater walls . The bench is now narrower , but can still be seen about halfway up the walls of Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater .
In February 1972 , eruptive activity resumed at Mauna Ulu in Kīlauea 's upper East Rift Zone and continued until late July 1974 . This was followed by three brief eruptions at the summit and upper Southwest Rift Zone of Kīlauea . The second of these eruptions included a fissure that crossed the floor of Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater on September 19 , 1974 . But unlike the September 1971 eruption , the September 1974 eruption remained within Kīlauea Caldera .
The 1974 fissure erupted for less than half a day , but lava covered the Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater floor—except for the tops of three high spatter cones formed in the 1967–1968 eruption—before the lava level dropped about 7 m ( 8 yds ) . The current floor of Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater is what remains of the September 1974 eruption .
Today 's Overlook crater lava lake ( 2008 to present ) in the floor of Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater has already outlasted all other Halema ‘ uma ‘ u lava lakes since 1924 . Will it continue to build a perched lava lake on the Halema ‘ uma ‘ u Crater floor ? Or will the lava lake collapse back into the crater in response to another rift zone breakout ? Whatever happens , USGS Hawaiian Volcano Observatory scientists will be closely watching and documenting the activity .
Time-lapse movie of Halemaumau Overlook Vent from the West Rim of Halemaumau Crater . April 27-30 , 2015 . Images courtesy of USGS/HVO
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Email
More
Pocket
Great news from the Golden state as Ross Mirkarimi — the now infamous San Francisco Sheriff behind the release of the illegal immigrant accused of murdering Kathryn Steinle — lost in their reelection bid last night :
The winner was Vicki Hennessy , a law enforcement veteran who joined the Sheriff 's department in 1975 and the former interim S.F . Sheriff in 2012 when Mayor Ed Lee first tried to boot Mirkarimi from the job .
The primary responsibility of the S.F . Sheriff is to run the city 's jails and Mirkarimi was under fire after it came to light that the city had released the five-times-deported Francisco Sanchez who later told investigators they shot Steinle by accident :
San Francisco sheriff who defended release of immigrant in Kathryn Steinle killing loses reelection https : //t.co/LoiRNGmuqe — Jon Passantino ( @ passantino ) November 4 , 2015
Now , there is some debate this morning just how much the issue of “ sanctuary cities ” played in Mirkarimi 's defeat .
When the San Francisco Chronicle endorsed Hennessy last month , they listed Mirkarimi 's stance on sanctuary cities as one of the factors in its decision :
Their record — and their readiness to blame others throughout their tenure — suggests otherwise . One of their great misjudgments was to go well beyond sanctuary city law with a March “ gag order ” that commanded the department to cut off almost all communication with federal immigration authorities . That order came under intense scrutiny after 32-year-old Kate Steinle was shot and killed at Pier 14 on July 1 . The alleged shooter , Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez , had been released from jail without notifying federal authorities , who were ready to deport them for the sixth time .
And :
Hennessy has promised to lift the gag order and allow the department to communicate with the feds when public safety merits — as should have been the case with Lopez-Sanchez .
But Mirkarimi was a flawed candidate in other ways , including a recent domestic violence incident , escaped inmates , a driver 's licences suspension and an embarrassing incident at the gun range where they dropped their weapon during qualification :
SF Sheriff had domestic abuse rap sheet ( ! ! ) , was at war w/mayor , generally an oily sleazy type , plus sanctuary city issue . Overdetermined . — Jeff B/DDHQ ( @ EsotericCD ) November 4 , 2015
Kooky , wife-beating , driver license-suspended , gun permit-revoked , illegal alien-loving SF sheriff Ross Mirkarimi ( D ) defeated # KateSteinle — Matthew Vadum ( @ vadum ) November 4 , 2015
San Francisco Whistleblower Transferred After Revealing Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi NOT Qualified To Possess A Gun https : //t.co/iuSc1x93IK — Reaper ( @ 68GoHawks ) October 17 , 2015
Even celebrity power could n't save Mirkarimi last night :
Danny Glover supports sheriff whose office released Kate Steinle 's accused murderer https : //t.co/jIGk7pfHBl — Twitchy Team ( @ TwitchyTeam ) November 4 , 2015
Good riddance .
Related :
Sanctuary for killers : Illegal immigrant deported 5x admits killing Kathryn Steinle ; Says it was an ‘ accident '
‘ Everything Obama does is political ' : Richard Grenell notes president 's silence on Kathryn Steinle
Brad Steinle : San Francisco ‘ essentially rolled out the red carpet ' for sister 's alleged killer
Andrea Tantaros also notes deafening silence from White House over Kate Steinle shooting
Homeland Security secretary on visiting site of Kate Steinle 's murder : ‘ Perhaps I should , to pay respects '
Sheriff Clarke shows DHS director that visiting site of Kate Steinle 's murder should n't require prompting [ photo ]
Celebrities in new video ‘ affirm Black-Palestinian solidarity , ' seek ‘ vigorous political kinship '
In the course of reviewing Tralucent 's 1Plus2 earphone , I have borrowed some pretty cool gear . Astell & Kern 's now-outdated AK120 is one of those . It 's got a decent quality output , a slick interface ; best of all , it is compact . It has also fuelled the seller 's market for portable toslink-equipped DACs .
Tralucent 's own DAC/amp is a truly excellent option . Its performance is top-flight performance , it 's battery life decent , and its form factor quite splendid . But when it hits online and retailer shelves , it will come with a price to match its performance . Across the board , that tends to be the story .
Except for the Minidisk recorder .
The above photo shows my twelve year-old Sharp MD-DR7 minidisk recorder . Beaters can be had for 20 $ , while ones in better shape go for up to 70 $ . Sharp turned a corner with the release of its Auvi series . Prior to Auvi ( featuring 1-bit processing ) , Sharp was considered a second-tier option whose lineup was riddled with hardware problems . Auvi units were well built , easy-to-use , and good-sounding .
A testament to that is that my MD-DR7 lives on . And using it as an outboard DAC could n't be easier .
Just pop in an MD , click record , plug in your headphones , and voila ! you 've got a DAC for chump change . There are a few benefits : noiseless headphone outputs , small form factors , good battery life , and , believe it or not , a bonafide living room-HiFi sound .
What do I mean by living room-HiFi ? More channel bleed , higher levels of distortion , the use of older DAC units ; but best of all , MDs are simple to operate . Channel bleed helps to emulate the convivial sound of speakers , where , because the stereo image travels through the same medium , L and R channels simultaneously arrive at both ears . Your brain does the filtering .
Rife with channel bleed and low L/R contrast , old MD recorders return some of the openness and natural imaging your ears are used to hearing , and that headphones stomp with relentless precision .
The problem MD recorders have is that their sync capabilities are limited to 16-bit/48 kHz , meaning you ca n't enjoy DSD music through an outboard MD DAC . Ho hum .
Today , MD recorders are inexpensive . But prices are ticking back up as they become rare commodities . I picked up a second MD-DR7 from Yahoo ! Auctions for about 50 $ . So far , it 's been worth it .
An aide to the re-election campaign of South Carolina Gov . Nikki Haley ( R ) has resigned from their position over connections to a white supremacist group . According to Mediaite , Cuban-American conservative activist Roan Garcia-Quintana stepped down after days of intense pressure on the campaign .
The Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation league revealed last week that Garcia-Quintana is a longtime director of the Council for Conservative Citizens , an anti-immigration , pro-white group that has taken a stand against “ all efforts to mix the races of humankind . ”
In an interview on Friday with South Carolina 's The State , Garcia-Quintana addressed the controversy by saying that they are not anti-black or anti-Asian , but rather pro-Caucasian .
“ Is it racist to be proud of your own heritage ? Is it racist to want to keep your own heritage pure ? ” Garcia-Quintana said to The State . “ Racist is when you hate somebody so much that you want to destroy them . ”
Garcia-Quintana 's argument echoes National Organization for Marriage director Maggie Gallagher 's recent editorial in the National Review Online in which they argued that their organization is not anti-LGBT , but “ pro-straight . ”
Over the weekend , the Haley campaign stood by Garcia-Quintana . Campaign spokesperson Tim Pearson erroneously likened the scrutiny of the white supremacist 's record to the IRS investigations of Tea Party “ social welfare ” groups .
“ The IRS thinks conservatives should be targeted for abuse , but Gov . Haley does not , ” said Pearson .
The next day , the campaign announced that Garcia-Quintana was stepping down at their request .
“ The Haley for Governor Grassroots Advisory Committee today asked volunteer Roan Garcia-Quintana to resign from our 164-member volunteer committee , ” Pearson announced in a statement that was carried by the Charlotte Observer .
The statement continued , “ While we appreciate the support Roan has provided , we were previously unaware of some of the statements they had made , statements which do not well represent the views of the governor . There is no place for racially divisive rhetoric in the politics or governance of South Carolina , and Governor Haley has no tolerance for it . ”
The NAACP called the Council of Conservative Citizens “ the largest white nationalist group in the country and direct descendant of the white Citizens Councils that fought to defend Jim Crow segregation during the 1950s and 1960s . ”
[ image of Gov . Nikki Haley via Wikipedia ]
House Republicans will vote on an amendment to eliminate the exemption for Congress and their staff members from changes to Obamacare .
The amendment , H.R . 2192 , would eliminate an exemption for changes to Obamacare regulations that impact health insurance premiums and coverage . The proposed amendment would allow states to obtain waivers to repeal Obamacare regulations such as essential health benefits and community ratings . Congresswoman Martha McSally ( R-AZ ) sponsored H.R . 2192 , which has 83 cosponsors—all of them Republican .
House Republicans look to attach the amendment to the American Health Care Act as part of their Obamacare repeal package . Obamacare required that Congressmen and their staff members purchase health insurance on the individual market . Congress received widespread criticism for exempting themselves from potential changes to Obamacare regulations that could raise costs and reduce coverage for Americans on the individual market .
Representative Tom MacArthur ( R-NJ ) said that lawmakers added the exemption to comply with Senate rules , but admitted that the measure was politically problematic . They said , “ That 'll be fixed . That was written in to comply with some Senate rules to make sure it 's just a budget vote . ”
MacArthur added , “ Congress , my staff , we 're on the Affordable Care Act exchange . We need to live by the same rules as everyone else , period . And I will make sure that is fixed before a vote . ”
My Lists
I had literally decided to switch one of my casters from Doomy1 to Doomy3 two days before , but had zero reps with the caster since October . My two lists also both feature a Mountain King which would normally be a concern , but I did n't expect to see any Circle players ( Wurmwood with Stranglehold , hurts ) ,
My two lists where both in the Power of Dhunia theme and looked as follows :
Doomy 3
– Mountain king
– Mulg
– Earthborn
– Axer
– Storm Troll
Max Stone + UA
Shaman ( Free )
Shaman ( Free )
Whelps ( Free )
Grissel 2
– Mountain King
– Bomber
– Axer
– Storm Troll
– Swamp Troll
Min Stone + UA
Dhunian Knot
Janissa
Shaman ( Free )
Shaman ( Free )
Whelps ( Free )
At this point I would accept the criticism that I lack creativity as these two lists are strikingly similar . The Grissel2 list is tried and tested from lots of games in Mk3 . It was initially built to play into Irusk2 , before the theme force , I 'm not 100 % sure if it still can , but it has still been a fantastic list for the whole period I 've been using it .
Round 1 : Doomy 3 vs Fyanna 2 ( Recon )
Fyanna2 is the current hotness in Legion and this one was being run in theme . I 'm actually super glad I had a chance to play against it as the whisperings on the internet are that Legion are in a really good place right now . Our local meta lost all our Legion players in the Mk2 to Mk3 transition , so I 'm a little rusty into them as a faction . I win the roll to go first and I start with Admonition up on the Earthborn . There is a sweet spot where the Earthborn can sit exactly 2 inches from water , which is in the middle of the zone and a building , which is just outside my deployment . This means they can threaten much of the zone and sit at Def 14/Arm 20 with Admonition , a spell we both had .
In case you 're unaware I need to let you know about the double Admonition trick . Basically if you stick admonition on your beast and charge an opponent 's beast with admonition on it , when they move away you can trigger your admonition and follow it and then take your charge attack as normal . I had to play as if my opponent knew the trick , but I found out after the game they did n't , but we had a nice discussion about it . It 's always nice when you le
They played extremely cautiously on their turn as they did n't need to commit . They sent all of their beasts except the seraph and one Neraph to their right flank , where I had the Earthborn and Mulg . Their Seraph stayed back near their caster on the right side and their other Neraph sat on their left flank with the Black frost shard and one shepherd . I feel they were probably over respecting my guns . Normally I would feat turn 2 and sit in the zone , but in this matchup I need to keep my feat to counter his . They get +3 Defence so I desperately need those boosted attack rolls . I give the storm troll rush and shoot the lone Neraph , which takes some nice boosted damage , but more importantly the electro leaps kill the 2 Black frost Shard . Unfortunately it 's not the one with the armour debuff . The Mountain king also gets to advance far up the table on this side as they are n't threatened by the single neraph .
They decide it is their Feat turn and Gallows Mulg forward through a spell martyr . If I 'm honest , I completely forgot about Gallows and that 's why I did n't have Implacability up . Mulg is slowed by the water , which the earthborn is getting their defence off so does n't go the full five inches . They send an Angelius with Rage and a Neraph in on Mulg . Mulg misses their Retaliatory Strike due to the feat on the Neraph . The beasts hit hard , but they roll poorly for the AP attack . Mulg basically survives on less than 10 boxes . They send the lone Neraph on the other flank in and kills the Storm troll and engages the Mountain King . The remaining Black Frost shard member is making a dash to the other side of the board and the Nyss Sorcerer comes over to contest the zone and stop the Mountain king from shooting .
I decide to counter feat and use both shamans to lower defence using Chiller . At this point my opponent feels I 've 100 % counter techd him . The Mountain king kills the Neraph , while Mulg and the Earthborn kill the other Neraph and Angelius . This leaves them with two Angelius and a Seraph facing down my entire army under feat . They do one shot Mulg the next turn , but I quickly close it out to win 5-0 on scenario . It 's always nice to play a new list into a good matchup to get your confidence up .
Round 2 : Grissel 2 vs Strakhov 1 ( Extraction )
My second round was against arguably the strongest player in the tournament . Rob McCormick is a local Khador player who came third at Blood and Oil 2016 ( 100+ player 6 round Masters ) and has a decent shot of getting onto one of the English WTC teams . I 've played this matchup a few times and once you understand how overrun works it 's certainly not the kerb stomp it was in my initial game where their jacks moved ridiculous distances and one rounded my heavies with ease .
I win the role to go first and my plan is to not give them easy overrun targets and attempt to punish the low number of scoring models in their list . On my second turn I move the Mountain King on my left flank and leave myself 10 inches from the unit of Uhlans . I send off a spray which fails to hit on a boosted 7 , my puppet master reroll also fails to hit so I fail to deafen or even kill one of them and leaves me in ten inches of all five Uhlans . It also leaves me within fifteen inches of Ruin , which is how far they go on feat turn . I run my Axer into the direct line of Ruin and pray that 's enough to save my Mountain King . On my right flank the Bomber , Storm troll , Swamp troll and Grissel clear out most of the Kommandos meaning that Rob has very little on that side able to contest the flag short of Torch who is sitting far back centrally .
Rob decides that killing my Axer is the right move as it reduces my threat range and the matchup is very much about threat range at this point . They send three Uhlans in who get the job done and two of them reposition to jam my Mountain king . Ruin and Behemoth are behind them , but behemoth has occultation and Ruin stays outside of Grissel 's knockdown range as they are well aware I can shoot a heavy off the board with just Grissel and the bomber . Their Assault Kommandos get within four inches of the flag and the other hides in a trench , Torch also moves backward slightly so that Strakhov can get line of sight on them between the objective and a building setting up for next turn . Behemoth takes two shots on my objective and hit both times leaving it on about half health .
I finish off the last of the Assault Kommandos and score the right flag with the storm troll . I place it so that Torch will be attacking me over the flag if they want to attack me as I am pretty sure they do n't know the Storm Troll has Repulsor field . I decide to feat this turn as I assume he 's going to get inpatient with having nothing to contest my right flag and he 'll want to send at least one jack in on the Mountain King . I walk up and kill two of the Uhlans and then use kill shot on the Uhlan leader , I roll to kill him , but then reroll with puppet master and roll below a six to keep them alive and deafen the unit so the other three remaining Uhlans ca n't charge . The Mountain king is still not contesting their flag as I ca n't allow them to charge with both Behemoth and Ruin .
Rob aims with Behemoth and shoots the objective twice again leaving it on one health ! This also means they are n't going in with Ruin this turn . Torch gets superiority from Strakhov and charges the Storm Troll . They attack over the flag as I 'd hoped and gets pushed out of melee after one hit . The Uhlans move to score the flag and they end their turn with both of us sitting at one control point .
I move Janissa up and shoot the injured Uhlan leader killing them with a rock hammer and meaning the Uhlans can no longer score . They will have to score with Markov or one of the jacks if they now want to keep scoring . On the other side I forget that Superiority means Torch ca n't be knocked down and I flub my activation instead of just sending in the bomber with Rage . The long and short of it is that I do n't score my flag this turn . My two shamans walk in front of my objective and create a cloud wall so they ca n't finish it off . The MK sits back and does nothing this turn as nothing is in range of their gun unless I want to throw them to the two jacks .
Rob moves Markov up to score the flag and keeps the two Uhlans back in the forest . They finish off the Storm troll with Torch and lets superiority drop . Behemoth shoots and kills Janissa and Rob finishes their turn on two CP . Unfortunately Torch could n't score due to a Swamp troll contesting .
The Shamans create the cloud wall again and teleport to safety and then the Mountain king shoots and kills Markov meaning they have to score with a jack if they want that flag . The MK is still not contesting but they still threaten anything that can score the flag . The bomber moves up on the other flag , kills torch and scores it . It moves to 2 CP 's each .
Rob thinks they can win this turn as I have left only a bomber on my flag even though I could have easily contested with the swamp troll . The bomber is also inexplicably outside of stone range . They stick overrun on Strakhov who walks up and shoots the objective through the cloud . They fail to get the boosted eight on damage on their first shot , but kills it with the second triggering overrun on Behemoth who goes for my flag , they also feats , but is camping zero in the middle of the board . Behemoth charges the Bomber and I spawn a whelp outside of melee range meaning I can still contest the flag . Rob realises at this point that they wo n't be able to get the 5th control point so they pass the clock over and Grissel kills Strakhov with their 3 double boosted gun shots .
Round 3 ( Doomy3 vs Sevvy2 ) Take and Hold
My opponent is list locked after having played Amon both rounds and so I ca n't imagine he 's particularly happy to see Trolls across the board . I obviously drop Doomy3 on the assumption that their only out is to assassinate me and my feat takes that off the table for a turn . This is an absolutely horrible matchup , but after the slog that was my second game I 'm thankful for that bit of fortune .
We both advance and I send the Storm Troll forward with rush and shoot one of Rhoven 's body guards they shield guards the shot on to the Devout and then on to Rhoven 's other body guard , which I boost and get the 12 to kill . The electro leaps jump twice and it does n't hurt the devout and then kills a choir member ( This was the whole aim of the shot ) I want as many choir dead as possible as it 's their only damage buff in the list and he 's running Min choir with four Reckoners . The Storm Troll is also insanely hard to deal with under my feat . They shoot it with one reckoner to get Flair applied and then has to send three Reckoners into melee to kill it . They then enlivens the middle Reckoner and moves a mechanic to contest their own flag so Mulg ca n't start scoring on it .
My Shaman toughed last turn so I sacrifice their movement to stand up then cast a cloud and teleport into melee with their Blessing of Vengeance . I activate doomy , stick rage on the earthborn and cast mini feat to allow my beasts to cast their animus without being forced . I also move back to the edge of the kill-box and stick one on the stone , meaning I 'm camping three as I paid to admonition that turn . The earthborn goes in with rage and kills a reckoner on their own then cast 's earth 's blessing for free . However , I 've made a mistake as the Mountain King is staring at the enlivened Reckoner and I 'm not sure I have a way to deal with it . I cast Rage on the Mountain king and after thinking about it for 2-3 minutes I decide to Assault with the spray . The spray catches and kills the vassal and another choir member meaning he 's down to just two . The un-boosted spray hits the Reckoner on a 5 , but fails to damage , which is super lucky . This means Enlivens does n't trigger and I get a full raged Charge attack on the Reckoner , which does high damage and takes out their movement . Thanks to Enliven it still walks away , but the Mountain king is threatening all their support staff for the next turn .
My opponent realises their only way out is an assassination run as he 's running out of choir and even if they killed the Mountain king , Earthborn and Mulg would finish of their Jacks or caster next turn . They charge into the King and feats , which does n't manage to roll the un-boosted four required to force a tough check so I do n't lose stone aura . They cast Awareness and then fully boosts a Hex Blast at me , which I transfer . They then fires another Hex Blast at me and I have to transfer again . They move their first reckoner up and boosts the hit roll , which I again have to transfer , despite this being the non Battled shot . For reference , I can afford to not transfer anything that does less than 8 damage . Unfortunately all 3 of their attacks so far have been at least 10 damage . I 'm sitting on no transfers , flaired to def 11 and they have two fully boosted shots at Dice -1 . I have 16 boxes and tough , this is going to be close ! They hit on the first shot and the shot does another 10 boxes , I just need one of these to be low ! They move the last Reckoner up and I suddenly remember Admonition on the Earthborn . I walk them up to engage the final Reckoner and we both kind of stare at the board in disbelief . They have nothing left that is able to finish me off and at that point they concede as their caster is camping zero and in melee with a Mountain King .
Final Thoughts
And that 's it . I 'm the only undefeated player as the paired down Mercenaries player also lost to my round two opponents . I got a bit lucky , but you always need a lot of luck . That final assassination is difficult to calculate . Once they failed to kill the stone bearer then it 's 2.5 % , but if they had managed it the odds jump to 18 % . Obviously by the time they were ready to make their last shot it was looking pretty good for him . We even rolled it out on the assumption they have denied the admonition and they did roll enough to kill me and I did n't pass the last tough . I know this has been a long read , but thank you if you made it this far and I hope there was something of use for you in here .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. dollar rallied across the board on Tuesday as the prospect of the first rise in U.S. interest rates in almost a decade stoked global volatility , hitting stocks and oil prices .
A resetting of the likely timing of the first Federal Reserve Funds Rate hike since June 2006 was the main driver for Tuesday 's selling in equities , analysts said .
“ Expectations for the Fed to begin raising rates were being pushed out to the fourth quarter and what we are seeing is a temporary adjustment to the fact they may come as soon as June , ” said Michael Arone , chief investment strategist for State Street Global Advisors ' U.S . Intermediary Business in Boston .
A Reuters poll after an unexpectedly strong February U.S. jobs report Friday showed many of Wall Street 's top firms were now more convinced the Fed will raise rates in June .
“ The longer term trend is still in place for stocks and risk assets to do well , ” said Arone , citing ample liquidity generated by easing monetary policy in many central banks around the globe .
The benchmark S & P 500 stock index tumbled to close at its lowest in more than a month and in negative territory for the year so far . Concerns over Greece added to the bearish mood on Wall Street , as technical negotiations intended to prevent Greece going bankrupt will start on Wednesday .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 332.78 points , or 1.85 percent , to 17,662.94 , the S & P 500 .SPX lost 35.27 points , or 1.7 percent , to 2,044.16 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 82.64 points , or 1.67 percent , to 4,859.80 .
Nikkei futures NKc1 were down 1.7 percent . An MSCI gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS fell 1.7 percent , the most for any session in more than two months .
The shadow of the logo of Euro is seen on a U.S. one dollar note in this picture illustration taken in Madrid March 10 , 2015 . The U.S. dollar hit its highest since 2003 against a basket of currencies on Tuesday as the prospect of the first rise in U.S. interest rates in almost a decade stoked global volatility , hitting stocks , crude and copper . REUTERS/Sergio Perez
The European Central Bank 's new bond-buying campaign helped push the U.S. dollar higher , as did speculation the Fed will start lifting rates from mid-year .
The euro EUR= was last down 1.4 percent at $ 1.0696 after hitting $ 1.0691 , the lowest in almost 12 years . [ FRX/ ]
“ We 're seeing a generally hawkish tone out of the Fed , ” said Chris Gaffney , president of EverBank World Markets in St. Louis .
“ There is a real desire from the Fed to just start the process , to get rates off zero , ” they said .
The prospect of rising U.S. yields threatened to draw funds away from emerging markets . The Mexican peso MXN= fell as much as 1.1 percent to hit a record low of $ 15.6452 .
OIL SLIPS , YIELDS FALL
A further drop in producer prices in China overshadowed data that showed consumer prices there rose 1.4 percent in February year on year . Much of the increase , however , was due to seasonal volatility in food prices .
Commodities continued to struggle with the strength of the dollar , in which most are priced . Gold XAU= hit a three-month low near $ 1,155 an ounce , falling for a seventh-straight session . Copper futures CMCU3 fell 1.8 percent .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
Brent crude LCOc1 fell 3.4 percent to a near 1-month low of $ 56.55 a barrel , while U.S crude CLc1 dropped 2.6 percent to $ 48.71 .
U.S. Treasury debt yields were pulled lower , with benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes US10YT=RR last up 19/32 in price to yield 2.1279 percent , compared with 2.195 percent late Monday .
`` We 've developed a vision where the hand is the only controller you need , '' said Ivan Poupyrev , a technical program lead at Google 's Advanced Technology and Projects ( ATAP ) group . `` One moment it 's a virtual dial , or slider , or a button . '' Basically , Google is trying to create a whole new gesture language for every device in your home .
After rolling out a Project Soli alpha developer kit last year , Google selected 60 developers from a pool of 180 applicants to show off how their implementations . One group used Soli to used it to identify materials like copper , while another used it for 3D imaging . The coolest experiment , though , was using it as an in-car remote control . Imagine using gesture controls in your car by just having to raise your fingers from the steering wheel a bit .
While Google 's initial Soli dev kit worked , it was a bit of a pain . Lawyers made the Soli group put a warning on the back of the kits , because they drew an insane amount of power . They also had to be connected to powerful desktops to work . Over the past year , Google set about refining Soli 's design so it can be implemented anywhere .
`` If you can make something work on a smartwatch , you can make it run any way you want , '' Poupyrev said .
Together with Infineon , Google reduced Soli 's power consumption 22x , from 1.2 watts to 0.054 watts . They were able to make it run on standard mobile chips like Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 400 and a recent Intel Atom chip by optimizing their code by 256x . And despite those tweaks , Soli still managed an 18,000 FPS radar rate .
Google initially had the Soli chip on the watchband of the LG Urbane , but that still looked pretty clunky . With some help from LG , they were able to fit it into a small area right below its screen . What 's really intriguing is the fine amount of control Soli 's gestures were able to detect -- it can even tell when you 're rubbing your fingers together .
The Soli team also implemented its technology in a JBL speaker , which recognized larger finger and hand gestures . It lit up as someone 's hand drew near , and it was able to skip tracks with a simple thumbs-up gesture . It 's an example of how Soli could be used to control smart home devices from afar , without touching them .
So what 's next for Soli ? We can expect to see more experimental implementations over time . And next year , Google will roll out a beta version of the Soli dev kit , which looks significantly smaller than what devs have today . It 'll be a while until this technology reaches typical consumer products , but Google 's progress over the past year is impressive all the same .
For all the latest news and updates from Google I/O 2016 , follow along here .
Like many obsessive collectors , Suzanne Nobles spends countless hours online scouring for treasures . The 25-year-old Arizona-based blogger is n't tracking down rare antiques or priceless baseball cards , though . No , she 's on the lookout for Lululemon .
Racked is no longer publishing . Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years . The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox . You can also see what we 're up to by signing up here .
One recent score—a pair of gray and split-pea green running shorts—cost their $ 95 . While they initially retailed for $ 54 , the shorts instantly sold out on Lululemon 's website and in stores , so paying nearly double was Nobles 's only shot at adding them to their collection .
`` If you want something that is no longer available or that is quite scarce , you hunt it down , '' says Nobles , who wears their 70-some pieces of Lululemon during CrossFit . `` Lululemon makes great technical pieces that fit well , so if I want something , I 'm going to pay for it . ''
When it comes to the Lululemon resale market , Nobles is far from unique . Hundreds of thousands of people are active members of this underground community . There are more than 100 private Facebook groups dedicated to buying and selling both new and used Lululemon items ; over on eBay , countless sellers list Lululemon products with 1000 percent markups . Lulu running shorts can go for upwards of $ 800 , as can the brand 's vaunted leggings . Bras easily resell for $ 250 , while tanks are listed for $ 500 .
Lululemon is the only label in the athletic apparel space to retain , and even inflate , its value when resold .
Markups like this are n't uncommon in the secondary luxury market , where brands like Chanel and Goyard almost always preserve their high prices , but Lululemon is the only label in the athletic apparel space to retain , and even inflate , its value when resold . Data shared with Racked by online consignment shop Tradesy shows that Lululemon is the fourth most in-demand brand on the site , behind Chanel and Louis Vuitton and ahead of Hermès and Tiffany .
`` Lululemon has one of the highest sell-through rates on our site and that data has been consistent , '' explains Tradesy CEO Tracy DiNunzio . `` We 'll sometimes see similar interest with middle-market brands , but this type of demand is unheard of for athleisure . We always see markups in rare Chanel bags or vintage Louis Vuitton , so it 's interesting to see it happening with pants that make your butt look good and only retail for $ 80 . ''
Lululemon , which would not provide comment for this story , states on its website that it does not support the resale and markup of its items . The company even went so far as to ban suspected resellers last year . However , Lulu fans believe the brand 's practices are ultimately responsible for the existence of this fierce secondary market .
While some cite the notable quality of Lululemon products that allow them to hold up well enough to go through several owners , others point to the brand 's strict return policy as an impetus for rabid reselling . Shoppers only have 14 days to return full-priced items , and anything bought off the sale rack is final , inadvertently leaving customers stuck with merchandise they do n't want . Why sit on a perfectly good piece you wo n't wear when you can profit off of it instead ?
Then there 's the marketing : Lululemon encourages loyalty by making each item feel special , giving unique names to both items and colorways ( yes , there 's a difference between Paris Pink , Blush Quartz , and Pink Shell ) .
`` People who love Lululemon obsessively study and monitor past and current trends . ''
`` People who love Lululemon , myself included , obsessively study and monitor past and current trends , '' says the Lulu fangirl who blogs at Lululemon Expert and requested I not publish their name . `` They treat their clothing like a wearable art collection rather than as garments that will expire or go out of style and need to be thrown away . ''
`` It 's for this reason , '' they continue , `` that Lululemon 's clothing can both maintain and increase in value over time . Once I saw a Lululemon Define Jacket in Royalty Space Dye sell at auction for $ 500 ! These jackets retail for $ 99 . This particular color first appeared in Hong Kong in late July of 2011 . How does a jacket fetch over five times its retail value within two years of being released ? Simply put , it 's Lululemon . ''
The most glaring cause for this underground market , though , is Lulu 's merchandising strategy . Since its founding in 1998 , Lululemon has run on a scarcity model : It only releases a certain amount of each style and does n't replenish stock once its sold out . Lulu maintains hype among its devoted shoppers by releasing new items every single week , but the scarcity of each piece means enthusiasts lust after sold-out goods .
Plenty of the members of the Lululemon resale community are simply looking to get rid of items they do n't wear ; they want to break even by selling these pieces at retail value . Then there are the Lulu superfans that flock to Facebook groups in search of their `` unicorn '' —that is , a highly desirable item they 'll do almost anything to get their hands on . And then you have the Lululemon flippers , usually found on eBay , who hike up the price of unused , in-demand items and make a big profit doing so . One eBay user , who sells under the name ez2curgr8 , says they make their entire living off flipping Lulu .
`` Now it 's what I do 24/7—I have over 1,100 listings . ''
`` Initially , I was n't planning on reporting it as income , tax-wise , but it became a huge source of profit , '' says the eBay seller , who 's in their fifties and lives in Canada , and requested anonymity . `` Now it 's what I do 24/7—I have over 1,100 listings and I sell 50 items a month . The key is patience . I do n't list things right away , so eventually supply will deplete , leading people to shop for my stuff at top dollar . ''
Another eBay flipper , who asks I call them Marie , says their Lululemon business only provides discretionary income , paying for indulgences like trips abroad .
`` My goal is to make back 50—that 's my magic number , '' they say . `` If I pay $ 50 for an item , I 'll try to get $ 100 . That 's a general markup , but I also research the products to see what they are going for on eBay and try to come close to it . The summer before my husband and I took our trip to Europe , I was making a $ 70 to $ 100 profit off every item . ''
Marie sticks to eBay , since Lululemon Facebook groups generally discourage price gouging . Valerie Higgins , an admin of the Lululemon Exchange Facebook group that has over 22,000 members , tells me that people in their group do n't `` make money like on eBay . ''
`` We do n't appreciate being used so that others can make money on our efforts , '' they say . `` We created this group so that people can buy and sell without having to worry about paying too much . We ca n't police everyone , but if we catch someone flipping , we ban them . ''
Most of Marie 's shopping is done at Lululemon 's outlet store in Orlando ; they especially clean up during their Black Friday sale . Them buying strategy is calculated : Marie uses their phone to search each item 's average resale value on eBay while sitting in a dressing room before they make their purchases . She 's been able to score pants for as little as $ 20 , and then sell them online for $ 200 .
`` We ca n't police everyone , but if we catch someone flipping , we ban them . ''
Marie notes that she 's always able to spot fellow flippers— '' a random middle-aged woman with their husband , who look like they 've never done yoga in their life , buying huge piles of product '' —and that she 's worried about being banned from stores . In fact , employees have refused to sell to them in the past when she 's bought too much merchandise at one time , and eBay took down one of their listings after they used a Lululemon stock photo ( all eBay sellers ' photos must be original ) .
There 's no exact science behind which Lululemon items will become highly coveted , those elusive `` unicorns '' the superfans obsess about . Experts speculate that functional items like jackets , scuba hoodies , and bags are popular on the secondary market because they 're items shoppers are always looking for . Limited edition collections also stoke interest : Pieces from Lululemon 's annual SeaWheeze half marathon sell out every year and reliably pop up on eBay with outrageous prices soon after . One pair of shorts from a SeaWheeze marathon collection is currently being auctioned off for $ 999 .
It all comes back to that scarcity model , explains Loree Wasserman , a Chicago-based Lululemon seller who runs the site We Buy Lulu .
`` We might start the bidding as low as $ 10 , but a piece will sell for $ 175 because the print was very sought-after and instantly sold out on the Lulu site , '' they say . `` One season , they made their Wunder Under leggings in a burgundy , and they never sold them in that color again , so we were able to capitalize on that . ''
Anyone who is a `` unicorn thief is taking advantage of the community in a big way . ''
Wasserman has customers who bid on their Lulu items from all over the world , but Marie says that most of the people who buy from their eBay shop are from small towns in the Midwest who either do n't have access to Lululemon stores or perhaps are unaware of how much these items usually retail for . Naturally , some Lulu devotees are less than thrilled with this kind of seemingly dubious behavior . One Lululemon fan who messaged me on Facebook wrote that anyone who is a `` unicorn thief is taking advantage of the community in a big way . ''
The Lululemon Expert blogger also detests `` unicorn thieves , '' but acknowledges that the resale market is enabled by Lulu fans .
`` If people on the chat board are going crazy over a particular print or color , you can imagine that it will at least sell out , '' they say . `` And when it does , the lucky few who were able to obtain it may choose to capitalize on their luck and sell the item on eBay , often for a profit . Once those sell out and a few weeks go by , and no new-with-tags incarnations of the sold-out item are showing up on the Lululemon auction pages , you may have a future unicorn on your hands . ''
eBay flipper ez2curgr8 tells me they know they are `` hated and talked about , '' but they say there 's more that goes into their business than angry sellers realize : `` I 'm a business that has to pay 12 percent retail taxes , 13 percent eBay/Paypal fees , 22 to 28 percent income taxes , plus my overhead of supplies and fuel costs . ''
Not to mention , much of the business is a total gamble . Marie , for example , purchased items from Lululemon 's latest New York City Marathon collection , but the items failed to garner interest on the secondary market . She 's still sitting on them , hoping they 'll eventually be able to be resold ; ez2curgr8 is in a similar situation with several winter coats they bought last year .
`` If people do n't like my prices , I say , 'Go ahead and invest your own $ 100,000 in this ! ' ''
`` If people do n't like my prices , I say , 'Go ahead and invest your own $ 100,000 in this ! ' '' they laugh . `` If I 'm buying a few jackets at $ 200 , that 's $ 1,000 tied up right there . Every time I buy something , I 'm at risk that it might not sell and might not ever be popular . ''
Last year , Lululemon CEO Laurent Potdevin ( who had recently taken over from controversial founder Chip Wilson ) hinted in an earnings call that the brand would eventually be moving away from its notorious scarcity model , noting that while the brand does n't `` mind our guests being hungry for our product , we do n't want them to starve for it . ''
This shift comes as competitors Nike and Under Armour are making it clear they 're after Lululemon 's customers . But while the cash from the secondary market is ultimately lining the pockets of resellers—not Lululemon—the scarcity factor is what sets the brand apart and keeps obsessives hanging on .
`` A lot of my clients ask if we would buy Stella McCartney workout wear or Athleta , and I just say no , '' seller Wasserman says . `` Why would we take that type of risk when we know Lulu will always have this crazy resale value ? ''
The deteriorating health of B.C . 's oceans is impacting not only the province 's marine life , but also its economy .
Millions of shellfish are dying off before they can be harvested at Island Scallops , near Parksville , B.C. , due to increased acidity levels in the ocean .
One-third of the workforce at Island Scallops — 20 people — are being laid off because the business has lost more than 10 million scallops before they were able to reach maturity since 2009 .
`` It 's obviously kicked our feet out from underneath us , '' said CEO Rob Saunders .
Island Scallops , near Parksville , B.C. , is laying off 20 employees because high acidity in the oceans has meant the loss of millions of scallops .
They said low pH levels in the water appear to be the root of the problem .
As atmospheric carbon is absorbed into the ocean , it becomes more acidic . This makes it more difficult for the shellfish to actually form shells , compromising their immune systems .
Vancouver Island University 's Helen Gurney-Smith said the problem is global , but it is especially acute in B.C .
More research is urgently needed to keep the shellfish industry afloat , they said .
`` It could be that some species are better adapted to ocean acidification , '' they said .
The company is launching a research program with the federal Department of Fisheries and Oceans where researchers will try to determine if acidification is to blame or if other factors are at play .
Things to check or prepare before a earthquake :
Things to check after a quake -
1 . Check family members/pets in house . If in house , call out and do n't walk to them . Broken glass and items blocking your way will be all over the house floors .
2 . If it is night . Find your flashlight and shoes first before walking around . Make sure you are not in danger before getting up . Items may have fallen in the house that could cause a threat . Example : If your house has a large aquarium , it might have now fallen over and flooded the house cuasing a shock danger .
3 . If the quake was large , check for damage . Check for gas smell first and shut off main value if you smell gas . Check for things that are partially fallen and secure them . There will most likely be aftershocks that will complete the task of dislodging them .
4 . Be very careful opening up cabinets and your refrigerator . Many items will be broken and loose and will fall out on you .
5 . Unplug items that have fallen - TVs , stereos , microwaves , computers ; etc .
6 . Check for structure damage . Walls , door frames , cracks , chimneys , pool , windows , car , gas , water , electric , phone . If your windows are cracked , you might want to tape them with duct tape to keep glass from flying in a aftershock . If they are broken , knock out any loose glass .
7 . After a large quake most cellphone and landline service will be out . Listen to a portable or car radio for information if TV and power are out .
8 . If water is still on after a quake you might want to fill water bottles and tub for water . Most likely water mains will have broken and you will lose pressure fast .
9 . Check for anything that has fallen outside . This includes power-lines and hazardous structures .
10 . Check neighbors and see if they are ok . If they are not home turn off their gas . The number one threat after a quake are fires . Most water mains will be broken and no water will be available to fight fires . If a house near yours catches on fire , it will spread .
11 . Keep freezer and refrig closed . Power will be off and items will last longer if you do n't open the doors much .
12 . Check your water heater and toilets . Do n't use or flush them . If the water mains are broken you can use the water in the water heater and toilet reservoir tank until they get water trucked into your area and the mains get fixed . Pool and spa water can be used for washing water if you have access to them .
Fault Attributes Key
Though it has n't made much news in the last few years , Sony 's PlayStation 2 game console has stuck around—despite the fact that we 've been hearing about the replacement for its replacement . Today , Sony drove the final nail into the console 's coffin . Famitsu reports that Sony has stopped shipping the console in Japan ; once the current inventory in the channel is sold out , no new PS2s will be available for purchase . This puts an end to hardware that first launched in March of 2000 , has sold over 150 million units , and ( according to Sony ) can play well over 10,000 games .
New game releases for the console have long since slowed to a trickle ( in North America , the PS2 has seen a handful of sports titles in 2011 and 2012 , but practically nothing else ) but Sony has continued to make and sell new PS2s for use with the console 's formidable back catalogue . Sony shipped only two major revisions of the hardware—the original `` fat '' PS2 sold at the console 's launch was replaced by the much smaller slimline model in late 2004—but it continued to make small internal tweaks to reduce the console 's weight and cost until 2007 , well after the PlayStation 3 had launched . According to Neilson ratings , the PS2 was still the most-played console of 2008 , a testament to its strong game library and long-term popularity .
Sony 's second console has been around for an extraordinarily long time and spanned a mind-boggling number of gaming epochs . When it was released , the Nintendo 64 was still Nintendo 's flagship console ( it has since been replaced by the Gamecube , Wii , and Wii U ) , its primary competition was Sega 's Dreamcast , and Microsoft 's Xbox did n't even exist . 3D games had n't yet come to handheld consoles—Nintendo 's 8-bit Game Boy Color would n't be replaced by the Game Boy Advance until 2001 , and the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable were still nearly five years off . Smartphones and tablets as we know them were n't yet a glimmer in anyone 's eye . And yet , through all of this technological progression , you could still hop on Amazon and order a new PlayStation 2 .
That era is now coming to a close . So long , PlayStation 2 , and thanks for all the games about fish .
Image copyright PA Image caption Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust runs the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford
Nurses are being recruited in India to work in Oxfordshire hospitals after a fall in applications from EU nationals .
Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust ( OUH ) said the `` marked reduction '' made it `` more important '' to search further afield .
It comes as a report shows staff shortages led to bed closures at three of the trust 's sites this year .
OUH said it was continuing its efforts to ensure it had enough nurses .
The Nursing and Midwifery Council said nationally the number of nurses from the EU joining the profession dropped by 89 % this year .
Recruitment difficulties were recently highlighted by the Nursing and Midwifery Council which said it was now harder for all hospitals , partly as fewer EU nurses wanted to work in the UK .
In response the government said the number of training places for nurses was being increased by 25 % .
The nurses due to arrive in Oxford were hired by a team led by OUH 's associate chief nurse , Andrew Carter , which spent a week in Delhi , Mumbai and Cochin interviewing candidates .
'Unplanned ' bed closures
They said conditional job offers were given to 175 nurses who were now applying to practise in England , and further a recruitment drive was planned for the Philippines next month .
Temporarily bed closures have been required at the John Radcliffe and Churchill Hospitals and at the Nuffield Orthopaedic Centre because of the trust 's staffing problems .
Operating theatre sessions have also been lost due to a shortage of theatre nurses , adding to waiting list pressures .
The problems are detailed in a report on performance which will be discussed by the trust 's board on Wednesday .
The update also addressed A & E waiting times ; highlighting three occasions when a patient waited on a trolley for longer than 12 hours in September .
It said the incidents had been reported to the regulator NHS Improvement .
Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil announced a plan Monday to supply all diplomatic figures in Lebanon with biometric passports to match international standards .
The move comes after General Security started issuing biometric passports to the Lebanese public last August .
Gen. Abbas Ibrahim said the plan was a step toward greater liberties for Lebanese nationals , who will be granted entry to many more countries in the world because of the security guarantees provided by the biometric passport .
The declared goal was to facilitate information sharing between Lebanon 's security agencies to better combat terrorism
Richard 's comments suggest potential information sharing between the Lebanese government and the U.S. for security purposes .
This means that Lebanese authorities could share personal information – such as fingerprint , facial recognition information and personal details – not only with the U.S. , but also with more controversial countries such as Syria .
...
Mt . Lebanon woman sues after police detain them during epileptic seizure
When Jessica Yochum had an epileptic seizure at work in February , their co-workers at Houlihan 's at the Galleria knew what was happening .
They called 911 and told dispatchers the young woman was seizing .
But when emergency responders from the Medical Rescue Team South Authority ambulance service and Mt . Lebanon police arrived , they did not follow what are considered by experts to be standard protocols for such an event .
They handcuffed Ms. Yochum , 23 , shackled them and restrained their head . All that , their attorney said , exacerbated the seizure .
By the time they got them to St. Clair Hospital , they had inadvertently bitten one of the ambulance workers , and the police were accusing them of being on cocaine .
They charged them with aggravated assault for the bite -- even after they learned from Ms. Yochum 's doctor that the girl had epilepsy and was not taking any illegal drugs .
The case was ultimately dismissed by a magisterial district judge , but Ms. Yochum filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against the parties involved , alleging a number of counts , including violations of their due process rights , as well as the Americans with Disabilities Act .
Neither officials at MRTSA nor the police department had seen the lawsuit Thursday and said they could not comment . The individual defendants named are emergency responders Gregory Petro and Richard Weisner , as well as Officer Jeffrey Frolo .
Ms. Yochum , a recent graduate of Penn State University who hopes to go to graduate school and become a speech pathologist , had their first seizure in 2008 while studying in Spain .
The second seizure came while they were driving across the Hot Metal Bridge . That time , they said , Pittsburgh police and paramedics were wonderful with them They left them inside their vehicle until the seizure had ended , and waited with them until they had recovered .
The seizure at Houlihan 's was only their third . Ms. Yochum does n't remember anything about it -- only the things leading up to the seizure . They got intense nausea , a feeling of deja vu and thought that they were about to fall over .
The rest of what happened has been pieced together for Ms. Yochum by what their coworkers saw -- and later what their parents saw at the hospital .
When the emergency responders got to Houlihan 's , they said , `` They started to restrain me and said I was n't having a seizure , I was having a drug overdose .
`` The more you restrain someone , the worse it gets . ''
Timothy P. O'Brien , the attorney representing Ms. Yochum , said standard protocol is to leave a seizing person alone -- provided they are not in danger of harming themselves or others .
`` The last thing you want to do is apply force , '' they said . `` It is well-known a person in a seizure will respond aggressively to that kind of treatment . ''
Dr. Alan Ettinger , an epilepsy expert practicing in New York , agreed . Further , they said , the aggressive actions of a seizing patient are n't volitional .
`` In a confused state , a person may lash our or bite , '' they said . `` It 's not malicious . ''
In pictures taken shortly after the incident , large bruises can be seen on Ms. Yochum 's legs and arms , along with cuts from the handcuffs and shackles .
Ms. Yochum and their parents -- beyond the treatment that day -- are most angry by the behavior of the police department afterward .
Officers refused to drop the aggravated assault charge , and the day after the seizure threatened in a phone call to show up at Ms. Yochum 's home to arrest them if they did n't arrive at their department within 30 minutes to provide fingerprints .
`` It made us angry at first that the professionals did n't help them the way they should have , '' said Alice Yochum , Jessica 's mother . `` The more we thought about it , it created another worry : What if it happens again ? ''
`` There were 14 different times in this thing that they had a chance to stop what they were doing and apologize , '' said Michael Yochum , Jessica 's father .
Now , the family is pursuing the lawsuit to ensure that other people are not subjected to a similar experience .
`` I think it 's a bigger issue than me , '' Ms. Yochum said .
Indeed , according to Dr. Ettinger , one in 10 people in the United States will have at least one seizure over a lifetime , and the prevalence rate for epilepsy with recurrent seizures is 1 percent of the population .
Even so , what happened to Ms. Yochum is not uncommon . The Epilepsy Foundation of America has , for years , been working on a program to educate police and emergency medical workers about seizures .
`` First responders really need to be very aware of the possibility [ of a seizure ] and not immediately assume the person must be on alcohol or drugs , '' Dr. Ettinger said .
Paula Reed Ward : pward @ post-gazette.com or 412-263-2620 .
First published on July 16 , 2010 at 12:00 am
Stoney Lake Entertainment has released the poster for Left Behind which you can view below . The trailer will also come online tomorrow morning at around 9 a.m. Eastern Time , so stay tuned .
Hitting theaters on October 3 , the Vic Armstrong-directed action adventure stars Nicolas Cage , Chad Michael Murray , Cassi Thomson , Nicky Whelan , Lea Thompson , Jordan Sparks , Quinton Aaron and Martin Klebba .
Left Behind follows Rayford Steele ( Nicolas Cage ) who is piloting a commercial airliner just hours after the Rapture when millions of people around the globe simply vanish . Thirty thousand feet over the Atlantic , Rayford is faced with a damaged plane , terrified passengers , and a desperate desire to get back to their family . On the ground , their daughter , Chloe Steele ( Cassi Thomson ) is among those left behind , forced to navigate a world of madness as they search for their lost mother and brother .
The movie is based on the New York Times bestselling book series of the same name , co-authored by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye .
Click the poster for a bigger version !
Utah is already home to hundreds of tech companies and startups , and many of them are based in Provo . In fact , the Provo area ranks second in the nation in patent growth , and is consistently ranked as one of the top places to live and do business in the U.S. We believe the future of the Internet will be built on gigabit speeds , and we 're sure the businesses and residents of Provo already have some good ideas for what they 'd build with a gig .
In order to bring Fiber to Provo , we 've signed an agreement to purchase iProvo , an existing fiber-optic network owned by the city . As a part of the acquisition , we would commit to upgrade the network to gigabit technology and finish network construction so that every home along the existing iProvo network would have the opportunity to connect to Google Fiber . Our agreement with Provo is n't approved yet—it 's pending a vote by the City Council scheduled for next Tuesday , April 23 . We intend to begin the network upgrades as soon as the closing conditions are satisfied and the deal is closed .
Provo started building their own municipal network in 2004 because they decided that providing access to high speed connectivity was important to their community 's future . In 2011 , they started looking for a partner that could acquire their network and deliver an affordable service for Provoans . We 're committed to keeping their vision alive , and , if the deal is approved and the acquisition closes , we 'd offer our Free Internet service ( 5 Mbps speeds ) to every home along the existing Provo network , for a $ 30 activation fee and no monthly charge for at least seven years . We would also offer Google Fiber Gigabit Internet—up to 100x faster Internet than today 's average broadband speeds—and the option for Google Fiber TV service with hundreds of your favorite channels . We 'd also provide free Gigabit Internet service to 25 local public institutions like schools , hospitals and libraries .
Over the next few days , we 'll be in and around Provo with Mayor Curtis , attending community meetings and talking to residents about what widespread gigabit connectivity could mean for their community , and the ways in which we 'd invest in their iProvo network . If you are a Provoan , we hope to see you there ! In the meantime , you can sign up on our website to get updates and more information .
Posted by Kevin Lo , General Manager , Google Fiber
First Impressions using React Native
Facebook gave all attendees of React Conf early access to the source code of React Native , a new way to write native mobile apps . The technology takes everything that 's great about React.js and applies it to native apps . You write JavaScript components using a set of builtin primitives that are backed by actual native iOS or Android components .
First off , I know it sucks it 's not completely public yet . Facebook is n't yet fully open-source , so it takes time to move projects into an open light . They are working on removing code specific to their environment and setting up a process to receive contributions . I think it 's great they strive to be more open , and they care deeply about the React community . The project will be fully open-sourced soon .
I do n't find anything fundamentally wrong with the slow release . I 'm happy to discuss it with you if you done . But let 's please leave that for another discussion .
Because if you decide to get distracted by it , you might miss a huge shift in how we write native apps . The best part about this shift is that it 's more like web apps .
I developed iOS apps for a few years , so I have experience with native development . After using React Native , I can only explain it like this :
We 've all heard the promise of cross-platform native apps driven by JavaScript . Titanium , PhoneGap , and other projects allow various levels of hooking in with the native environment . All of them fall short . Either you 're just wrapping a web app in a web view , or they try to mimick HTML & CSS which is hard to build apps with . With the latter , you 're also interfacing directly with native objects all the time , which is doomed to fail performance-wise . React Native actually performs the layout on a separate thread , so the main thread is as free as it can possibly be to focus on smooth animations ( it also provides flexbox for layout , which something that no other framework provides few other frameworks provide ( ionic does , which is cool ! ) ) .
It only takes a few minutes playing with React Native to realize the potential it has . This works . It feels like I 'm developing for the web . But I 'm writing a real native app , and you seriously ca n't tell the difference . At the UI level , there is no difference ; these are all native UIViews beautifully sliding around like normal .
This is solid engineering . And it completely reinforces the fact that React.js is the right way to build apps . I can write a native app using the same techniques as I would write web app . Let 's start treating the DOM as an implementation detail , just like UIViews .
I love the web . But if we do n't take a step and take a critical look at what 's wrong , we might miss out on something big . The web is fundamentally weird to build apps on : the mess of HTML and CSS get in the way of frameworks instead of helping them . Perhaps React Native will finally drive this point home . I look forward to seeing how it will push the web to become a better platform for apps . Instead of thinking of it as moving away from the web , think of it as a prototype for a different direction of the web .
Are you feeling giddy yet ? ! I 'll tell you how React Native works ! You can learn more the videos from React Conf here and here .
React Native uses JavaScriptCore in iOS to run JavaScript ( Android and other platforms will be supported in the future ) . The important part is that it runs JavaScript on a separate thread ( other frameworks like Titanium do as well ) . You write your components in JavaScript just like you would with React.js , except instead of using div and a use things like View and Text . You get all the benefits of React 's composability for building UIs ( which , safe to say , is awesome ) . And remember , JavaScript is not just a language but a platform , and there is a large number of wonderful compile-to-JS languages to pick from .
React Native takes your UI and sends the minimal amount of data to the main thread to render it with native components . A View is a UIView , for example . The best part is , you do n't have to worry about updating your UI ; you declaratively render your UI based on some state , and React uses a diffing algorithm to send the smallest amount of changes necessary over the bridge .
Writing native UIs has never been easier , and additionally there is no performance impact on things like animations because JS is running on a separate thread . Smooth as butta .
An OpenGL App with React Native
My first React Native app is a non-traditional one : I wrote a 3d Wavefront obj model viewer . I 've always been interested in game development , but I hated writing native UIs . React Native just gave me the web for game UIs .
I 'm sure you 'll see a lot of traditional app demos with native navigation and animation and all that . I thought it would be cool to show that it 's just as easy to throw React Native on top of an OpenGL view .
All you have to do to integrate React Native is create an RCTRootView in your controller , tell it where your JS lives , and add it to the window . In my case , I first create an OpenGL view , and I add the RCTRootView as a subview on top of it . Integration was painless .
You can press Cmd+R to instantly refresh the UI and pick up any changes you made . Only the RCTRootView will update , so I can easily build out and refresh my UI without having to reload the OpenGL layer !
Here 's an example component , ObjList , that lists available files and loads a mesh when an item is clicked . This uses a ListView which is a native scroll view that only renders the rows within view , like any native app does . Using it here is much simpler though .
var ObjList = React.createClass ( { selectModel : function ( file ) { controller.loadMesh ( file ) ; } , renderRow : function ( file ) { return View ( null , TouchableHighlight ( { onPress : ( ) = > this .selectModel ( file ) , underlayColor : 'rgba ( 0 , 0 , 0 , .6 ) ' } , Text ( { style : { height : 30 , color : 'white ' } } , file ) ) ) ; } , render : function ( ) { var source = this .getDataSource ( this .props.files ) ; return ListView ( { style : { flex : 1 } , renderRow : this .renderRow , dataSource : source } ) ; } } ) ;
In my App component I have a handleSearch method that fires when the text input changes . I just change the state , which rerenders the app and the ObjList component with the new state , showing only the new list of files .
handleSearch : function ( e ) { var text = e.nativeEvent.text ; var files = allFiles.filter ( x = > x.indexOf ( text.toLowerCase ( ) ) ! == -1 ) ; this .setState ( { files : files } ) ; }
Notice the controller.loadMesh ( ) call in the ObjList component . That is an Objective-C method that I 've marked as exported , and the bridge will pick it up and make it available the JS . Working with the bridge was pretty easy , and it will only get better from here . Here 's the implementation of loadMesh :
- ( void ) loadMesh : ( NSString * ) path { RCT_EXPORT ( ) ; dispatch_async ( dispatch_get_main_queue ( ) , ^ { teapotNode_.material.diffuse = [ self randomColor ] ; teapotNode_.wavefrontMeshA = [ REMeshCache meshNamed : path ] ; [ self reset ] ; } ) ; }
RCT_EXPORT ( ) marks it as a method to export ( there 's a little more work to actually instantiate the class somewhere else ) . These methods are invoked on a separate thread , but I need to load the mesh on the main thread ( since it will load data into OpenGL ) , so I queue a block of code to be run on the main thread .
Here 's a video going through it more detail :
The ability to declaratively construct my UI as components and respond to events by simply changing state is powerful . React.js has proven that . Suddenly , we get to do the exact same thing for native apps . `` Learn once , write anywhere '' as the React devs say . Also see : Facebook just taught us all how to build websites .
For some time I have wanted to have a go at book binding . It seems like a great thing to do as a gift for a loved one , but maybe that 's just me . Well I decided to make my girlfriend a photo album and sketch book as a Christmas present . Hence why this is being published after Christmas to avoid their surprise being ruined . On the next occasion that I decide to make a book I would choose paper with a lower gsm that I have done for these . I selected 300 gsm , which is great for the photo album , however for the book it is a little too thick to easily flick the pages .
Anyway , to the book binding process . After having folded 20 sheets of paper I clamped them together in-between two other books ( sheets of wood are better ) and then coated the folded edges with Copydex , a latex based contact adhesive , and a cut of cloth placed over it . By doing this the Copydex soaks into the cloth and the paper to make a reasonably strong joint .
Now that the pages have been bound , its time to make the cover . Using 5mm rigid foam and sticky back cloth , I cut out the front , back and the spine and laid the parts out on the cloth . When doing this make sure to leave a large border of cloth which is used in the next step to cover the edges .
Alas I forgot to take enough photos but the next step is to fold the edges of the cloth up and over to cover the edges of the board . this can be a little tricky because of the sticky-ness but it looks good if you persevere .
In order to securely join the pages and the cover , we have to use a joining page which gets glued on the front and back cover , and the front and back of the stack of pages . Finally we are starting to look a bit more professional and are ready to glue in the pages .
Make sure to use a nice big weight when gluing in the pages just to make sure everything is nice and flat !
No photo 's of the finished book . Sad times .
Advertisements
One of the White House advisers closest to President Donald Trump is beefing up their legal representation for the federal investigation into Russia 's interference in the 2016 election : Trump 's son-in-law , Jared Kushner .
In addition to their personal attorney , Jamie Gorelick , Kushner has retained veteran criminal defense lawyer Abbe Lowell to help handle their response to special counsel Robert Mueller 's sprawling probe , according to reports that surfaced Monday . Lowell has been involved in some of the biggest scandals to hit D.C. in recent years , representing disgraced Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff and shepherding Democratic vice-presidential nominee John Edwards through a campaign finance case that was ultimately dropped by the Justice Department .
Kushner “ engaged Abbe Lowell to advise them and then decided to add Mr. Lowell to the team representing them in the various inquiries into the Russia matter , ” Gorelick confirmed to Politico .
They are one of at least 10 White House officials and former aides who have retained attorneys or plan to retain attorneys to field the federal investigation , according to the Wall Street Journal .
Along with reports that Trump themselves is under investigation for possibly attempting to obstruct the probe , investigators ' interest in Kushner shows how far the Russia probe has reached into the President 's inner circle .
While current and former U.S. officials with knowledge of the investigation have told various news outlets that Kushner is not a target and their lawyers say they are cooperating fully with Mueller 's office , their meetings with Russian officials and business people and their personal finances are all under scrutiny , according to reports in the Washington Post and New York Times .
Here 's what we know about Kushner that has caught federal agents ' attention .
Meetings with Russia 's ambassador and discussion of a secret communications channel
Kushner first came under FBI scrutiny last year as agents began digging into former national security adviser Michael Flynn 's ties to Russian officials , according to Reuters . A current U.S. law enforcement official told the publication that Kushner was one of the American names unmasked in intelligence reports detailing communications between Flynn and Russian officials . This prompted further scrutiny into Kushner 's own dealings with Russia 's Ambassador to the U.S. , Sergei Kislyak .
Those dealings included a remarkable December discussion about setting up a secure , secret communications channel between the Trump transition team and Moscow , according to a Washington Post bombshell report . Kushner reportedly proposed establishing this direct line of contact , and communications intercepted by the U.S. showed that Kislyak told their superiors they were surprised by Kushner 's suggestion to use communications equipment in stateside Russian diplomatic facilities to carry it out .
The White House did not dispute reports about this Trump Tower meeting , which Flynn , then the national security adviser-designate , attended . Some members of the administration publicly said they saw no issue with a transition team establishing a secret line of communication with a sitting foreign government , even praising the move .
This was hardly Kushner 's only conversation with Kislyak . Reuters also reported that Kushner had failed to disclose at least three additional contacts with the Russian ambassador , including two phone calls between April and November 2016 . All of their communications are now under federal scrutiny , according to that report .
In a statement to Reuters , Gorelick said Kushner did not remember those phone calls .
“ Mr Kushner participated in thousands of calls in this time period , ” they said . “ He has no recollection of the calls as described . We have asked ( Reuters ) for the dates of such alleged calls so we may look into it and respond , but we have not received such information . ”
Meeting with head of a sanctioned Russian bank
Investigators are looking into the backstory of another meeting Kushner held in December , this time with the head of a Russian state-owned bank with deep connections to Russia 's intelligence agency .
Why Kushner met with Sergey Gorkov , CEO of Vnesheconombank , and what they discussed is a line of inquiry for federal investigators , according to the The New York Times . Current and former U.S. officials told the newspaper the conversation may have been part of Kushner 's effort to contact the Kremlin without the Obama administration 's knowledge , and that investigators want to know if they discussed lifting sanctions that Obama 's team imposed on Russian companies , including Vnesheconombank , in retaliation for Moscow 's annexation of Crimea .
The White House has said that Kushner met with Gorkov in their capacity as a transition official , while the bank said Gorkov met with Kushner in their private capacity as head of their family 's real estate company .
Both this meeting with Gorkov and the “ backchannel ” discussion with Kislyak were initially left off of Kushner 's security clearance application , an omission Gorelick has said was in error and subsequently corrected .
The data operation credited with Trump 's victory
The Trump campaign 's robust data analytics operation , which Kushner oversaw , is currently under federal scrutiny , CNN reported . Investigators want to know if the San Antonio , Texas-based data team wittingly or unwittingly funneled information to Russian operatives . The U.S. intelligence community says Russian hackers strategically targeted certain states and demographics with social media bots and “ fake news ” sites pushing pro-Trump stories .
CNN reported that Kushner helped the campaign make use of data targeting to reach voters in states like Michigan and Wisconsin , who ultimately ended up securing Trump 's electoral victory .
Kushner 's personal finances and some of their business dealings
Kushner 's business dealings and personal finances are the latest area of inquiry that U.S. officials have divulged are part of Mueller 's probe , the Washington Post reported .
Investigators want to know if Kushner was trying to secure funding for their family real estate company 's flagship Manhattan office building , the troubled 666 Fifth Avenue , when they met with Gorkov in December , U.S. officials told the Post . At the time of the meeting , Kushner Companies was known to be seeking financing for the building , which has lost money since Kushner purchased it for an astonishing $ 1.8 billion in 2007 .
The Post did not name other specific real estate or business dealings tied to Kushner that were under investigation . Gorelick said it was within the special counsel 's purview to look into the Russia-linked business dealings involving any Trump associate .
“ It would be standard practice for the Special Counsel to examine financial records to look for anything related to Russia , ” Gorelick told the Post . “ Mr . Kushner previously volunteered to share with Congress what they know about Russia-related matters . They will do the same if they are contacted in connection with any other inquiry . ”
War Against the People : Israel , the Palestinians and Global Pacification by Jeff Halper ( Pluto Press )
War Against the People is a genuinely frightening book . At its heart , author Jeff Halper provides an exhaustive survey of Israel 's weapons technology .
The reader is introduced to cyborg soldiers , radar systems that see through walls , a tank named Cruelty , a 20-gram drone in the shape of a butterfly , a stealth “ wonder boat ” called the Death Shark , a series of weapons named after insects or natural phenomena ( bionic hornets , smart dust , dragonfly drones and smart dew robots ) , cybernetic insects , a 600-building “ urban warfare ” training center nicknamed Chicago and a one-megaton bomb containing electromagnetic pulse ( EMP ) capability .
The potential consequences of these weapons are devastating . Halper explains , for example , that if a bomb with EMP capability was detonated 400 kilometers over Iran and combined with cyber-attacks , it could knock out that country 's electric power grid , communications , oil refineries , transportation and food supplies .
Halper spent nearly 20 years as head of the Israeli Committee Against House Demolitions ( ICAHD ) . Their previous book , An Israeli in Palestine , opens with the destruction of their friend Salim Shawamreh 's home in Anata , a village near Jerusalem . This event forced Halper , who had been a committed Zionist , to confront what was really happening in the West Bank and Gaza .
A policy of detail
War Against the People represents a new stage in Halper 's thinking . They explain , “ This book began with a question that many activists like myself have asked over the years : How does Israel get away with it ? ”
Edward Said , in their 1979 essay “ Zionism from the Standpoint of its Victims , ” tried similarly to understand why , when even Zionists conceded Israel 's colonialist principles or intrinsic unfairness , the situation did not shift in favor of the Palestinians . Said concluded that “ Zionism 's effectiveness lay in its being a policy of detail . ”
Halper 's answer too lies in Israel 's command of detail . They set themselves the task of comprehending Israel 's complex and often secretive role in global “ security ” politics , in which they argue that it has become a key player .
Halper lays out the aims and structure of what they call the global pacification industry and its “ securocratic wars. ” The starting point is an assumption that the nature of warfare has changed , with the rise of “ irregular ” methods such as terrorism and an increasing “ threat to societies from ‘ below . ' ”
Halper quotes the British general Rupert Smith : “ Our opponents are of and amongst the people — in the flesh and in the media — and it is there that the fight takes place . ”
Yet , as Halper explains : “ What stands at the heart of war amongst the people … is the integrated MISSILE Complex : Military , Internal Security , Surveillance , Intelligence-gathering and Law Enforcement . Seen in its securocratic form , war amongst the people is in fact war against the people . ”
The occupation of Gaza and the West Bank is thus a resource for Israel , Halper suggests , allowing it to export high-tech weaponry that has been tested in pacifying a recalcitrant population . They posit that this allows Israel to thrive in what they otherwise calls a “ decidedly post-colonial age ” ( which is , at best , an overstatement ) .
Halper also details Israel 's major weapons systems and outlines its mode of securocratic control over the Palestinians and how this method has been sold — openly and covertly — to regimes “ on the peripheries of the world-system , ” including in West Africa , South America and East Asia .
War Against the People demonstrates how the same weapons and tactics have been used by what Halper calls “ core hegemonic ” countries such as the UK and US . This includes the “ Palestinianization ” of Iraq in its occupation , in such features as the wall built around the Baghdad Green Zone , the temporary closure of towns and villages , targeted assassinations and the use of checkpoints and roadblocks to militarize the landscape .
Halper writes that a key element in securocratic wars is that the line between the military and police is blurred : “ The fact that officers in the different police forces dealing with the Ferguson protests , who chose a confrontational approach backed up by heavy military equipment , were trained in Israel has led to a feeling that the people of Ferguson have been ‘ Palestinianized . ' ”
What we 're up against
The question of how Israel gets away with it inevitably prompts another : Why does it want to ? Halper quotes Israeli academic Yoram Peri , who suggests that Israel is motivated by “ what is effectual in the international arena , ” which is simply power .
It is one achievement of War Against the People that it acknowledges this realpolitik worldview and seeks to deconstruct it .
If in An Israeli in Palestine Halper sought to understand how unjust and immoral Israel 's policies are towards the Palestinians , in their new book they demonstrate how this use of power is also ineffective — and dangerous — on its own terms .
“ Security ” states have the effect of making their citizens insecure .
Halper 's book is aimed particularly at activists . They speak collegially to this audience , apologizing for using language that is overly technical for “ people like me ( and probably you ) . ” They claim that this level of technical detail is vital because “ we can not effectively resist militarism and attempts to securitize and pacify us if we do n't know what we 're up against . ”
One weakness in Halper 's arguments results from the scale of their ambition . In order to understand Israel 's role in a “ world-system ” of pacification , they must explain that world to a potentially naive reader .
Their conclusion that Israel has a “ pivotal position along key axes ” is largely persuasive . But it is sometimes unclear whether this is principally a book about global pacification , with Israel/Palestine as a key example , or a book about Israel 's place in the world . As the former , it inevitably feels partial and incomplete . Perhaps the book could have focused on one or two other countries in similar detail , thus sharpening the particularities of the Palestinian cause .
The phrase “ the people ” is meanwhile symptomatic of Halper 's slight tendency to generalize or overstate . For example , more attention was needed to how gender and age interact with location in how pacification is experienced . The violence done to men and women is invariably different in kind .
Yet the phrase “ the people ” also links Halper to a radical tradition , including to the work of the critic and essayist William Hazlitt . In Hazlitt 's 1817 essay “ What is The People ? ” they begin by turning on their audience : “ And who are you that ask the question ? ” To separate oneself from “ the people , ” Hazlitt recognized , is in itself an exercise of power . War Against the People poses similar challenges to the reader ; there is nowhere to hide .
This is a brave , angry , unruly book , which inspires fear , but also hope .
Tom Sperlinger is the author of Romeo and Juliet in Palestine : Teaching Under Occupation , published by Zero Books .
Blawan has started another new label .
Late last year , the increasingly-prolific producer – who 's released solo on Hessle Audio and R & S in the past – formed They Work the Long Nights , a collaborative label with Pariah ( with whom they also produce , as Karenn ) , and he 's now added a second to their workload .
This time , it 's in collaboration with Berlin 's The Analogue Cops , who released two EPs of roughneck techno with Blawan last year . Parassela is both the name of the trio 's new label and a live project that they 'll be working on , and the first release on it will be a white label by the threesome . Simply titled PSL001 , it 's due on April 30 , and promises “ true hardware techno , only available at selected shops ” .
You can stream audio of all four tracks from it below .
This year 2.25 million Americans will get married—and a million will get divorced . Could birth control be to blame for some of these breakups ? Recent research suggests that the contraceptive pill—which prevents women from ovulating by fooling their body into believing it is pregnant—could affect which types of men women desire . Going on or off the pill during a relationship , therefore , may tempt a woman away from their man .
It 's all about scent . Hidden in a man 's smell are clues about their major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) genes , which play an important role in immune system surveillance . Studies suggest that females prefer the scent of males whose MHC genes differ from their own , a preference that has probably evolved because it helps offspring survive : couples with different MHC genes are less likely to be related to each other than couples with similar genes are , and their children are born with more varied MHC profiles and thus more robust immune systems .
A study published in August in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B , however , suggests that women on the pill undergo a shift in preference toward men who share similar MHC genes . The female subjects were more likely to rate these genetically similar men 's scents ( via a T-shirt the men had worn for two nights ) as pleasant and desirable after they went on the pill as compared with before . Although no one knows why the pill affects attraction , some scientists believe that pregnancy—or in this case , the hormonal changes that mimic pregnancy—draws women toward nurturing relatives .
Women who start or stop taking the pill , then , may be in for some relationship problems . A study published last year in Psychological Science found that women paired with MHC-similar men are less sexually satisfied and more likely to cheat on their partners than women paired with MHC-dissimilar men . So a woman on the pill , for example , might be more likely to start dating a MHC-similar man , but they could ultimately leave them less sexually satisfied . Then if they go off the pill during the relationship , the accompanying hormonal changes will draw them even more strongly toward more MHC-dissimilar men . These immune genes may have a “ powerful effect in terms of how well relationships are cemented , ” says University of Liverpool psychologist Craig Roberts , co-author of the August paper .
Note : This article was originally published with the title , `` A Tough Pill to Swallow '' .
Intel ( s intc ) is adding a feature to its Ultrabooks and tablets that will make them stand out from its competitors ' netbooks and slates : Automatic access to a global Wi-Fi network . The silicon vendor has inked a deal with Devicescape to use its connection manager technology to link to millions of open global hotspots .
Intel does n't make Ultrabooks are tablets itself , but it does provide the silicon and reference designs for other manufacturers to make them , including the Wi-Fi radio chips that allow them to connect to the Internet . By adding Devicescape 's software to Intel 's standard Smart Connect manager , Intel 's partners can ship their lightweight laptops and tablets with a public wireless connection already active .
Advertisement
According to Devicescape , the connection is completely automatic . When the device comes into range of any access point on its virtual network , it immediately links to it , even when the computer is in sleep mode . So an Ultrabook owner can enter a coffee shop with a free and open hotspot , order coffee , and after sitting down and pulling the tablet from their bag , discover their e-mail and social networking apps have already synched and updated .
“ Smart Connect will work on lid open and lid closed scenarios , ” Devicescape CEO David Fraser said via email . “ So , you 'll be automatically connected no-matter the state of your PC . ”
Devicescape builds its virtual network through crowdsourcing . Millions of devices that already contain its connection manager technology gather information on millions of open access points globally . Devicescape then curates that data , determining whether a hotspot has the speed , reliability and availability to make the cut . Devicescape ca n't guarantee the quality of millions of access point it does n't own or manage , but it can select the best of the lot . Of the 100 million or so public hotspots and open private access points in the world today , Devicescape 's virtual network incorporates about 8 million .
No word yet whether Intel or its device partners would charge for the service , but my bet is they wo n't . While Intel may be licensing the connection manager software from Devicescape , it is n't paying a dime for the actual access . Its customers could log into any of these access points manually free of charge . Charging for a connection Intel is essentially getting gratis might not go over well with customers , but making a free global Wi-Fi network a perk would definitely be incentive to buy an Ultrabook or Intel-powered tablet .
Asus Zenbook image courtesy of Amazon.com
Tom Corbett traveled – by ferry , and with their team and equipment in tow – to Mackinac Island for the holiday issue of Somerset Collection magazine . The Grand Hotel , located in the 3.8-square-mile city between Michigan 's peninsulas , provided a magnificent backdrop for `` Grand Tradition , '' one of Corbett 's fashion stories in the edition . `` The theme of this year 's holiday magazine is classics – elements that remain forever – and there 's a huge sense of tradition at the Grand Hotel , '' pointed out Kathy Moore , creative director . `` Guests still have to dress in a very formal way for dinner and there are other customs ; however , the space is world-famous and has been photographed again and again , so we wanted to bring a new , modern perspective . Tom shot it in a way that it appears unknown to most people . ''
Moore and Corbett scouted much of the island ahead of the two-day shoot and storyboarded enough frames to convey the full Mackinac experience . `` At each and every location , Tom surprised me with the level he 's able to take it to , '' Moore remarked . `` He photographed in diverse areas – some were interior , dark hallways and a lot were outside , even in the water . A member of their crew stood in the cold water outside of the frame to get the correct lighting for the picture of the model standing on the rocks . '' They called the photographer innovative and open to other 's ideas , noting : `` For the image of the girl laying in the hay , where it looks like the sun is coming in through the sides of the stable , it 's actually artificial . There 's artistry in that . ''
Interestingly , the team had to traverse the island using horses and buggies . `` There are no automobiles on Mackinac , so we moved the equipment with those , '' Moore said . `` The Grand Hotel refers to them as 'taxis . ' ``
Credits :
Stylist : Cannon at Judith Casey
Hair : George Ortiz at B & A
Makeup : Keiko Sudo at Bryan Bantry
The Pacific province 's political polarities and swiftly shifting populations promise a series of down-to-the-wire races over the next two months .
And a slew of new ridings in the Lower Mainland and the B.C . interior make things even more interesting .
In all likelihood we 're looking at a series of Tory-NDP showdowns . But there are at least a couple of ridings strong Liberal candidates could pick up .
Much of the Fraser Valley and suburban Lower Mainland voted Conservative last time around . But pundits and prognosticators have pegged formerly blue ridings as ripe for NDP incursion .
“ The B.C . Conservatives have dropped 17 per cent in the polls , and the NDP and Liberals have gained 7 per cent and 10 per cent , respectively , said Barry Kay , political scientist at the Laurier Institute for the Study of Public Opinion and Policy .
“ There 's a real swing to the NDP in British Columbia this time . ”
Tight Tri-City races
Surrey and the Tri-City area of Coquitlam , Port Coquitlam and Port Moody have seen stratospheric population growth over the past few years , thanks to both immigration and an exodus of people from the increasingly pricey Vancouver core .
That makes races in a series of newly drawn ridings essentially up for grabs .
“ They 've created more swing ridings , ” Kay said . “ Because that 's where people are moving into . That 's where the population changes . ”
Interactive : We 've superimposed poll-by-poll results from the 2011 federal election on the 2015 ridings . Find your address in the search box ; click and drag to explore and move around
Pitt Meadows-Maple Ridge
Heavily Tory in the last election , it 's possible the NDP could widen its toehold in Maple Ridge and take the new riding . Bob D'Eith is running for the NDP . Mike Murray is running for the Conservatives .
Coquitlam-Port Coquitlam
B.C . Liberal MLA Douglas Horne announced earlier this month he 's running for the Conservatives . They face off against former radio journalist Sara Norman , who was interviewing James Moore when they said ( and later apologized ) that it is n't their job to feed hungry children , who 's running for the NDP , and Liberal candidate Ron McKinnon , who also ran for the Liberals in the 2008 federal election .
Port Moody-Coquitlam
NDP MP Fin Donnelly is running against Tory candidate and Afghan veteran Tim Laidler .
Fleetwood-Port Kells
Tory MP Nina Grewal is running against NDP candidate retired Surrey RCMP Inspector Gary Begg .
Burnaby North-Seymour : Pipeline faceoff
Click for interactive
This was shaping up to be a battle between the Tories ' Mike Little , a former North Vancouver councillor , and retired judge Carol Baird Ellan , running for the NDP . Entrepreneur Terry Beech is running for the Liberals .
But Green Party candidate Lynne Quarmby , the Simon Fraser University cell biologist who made headlines when they were arrested protesting Kinder Morgan 's TransMountain pipeline , makes it a much more interesting riding , especially because the Liberal and NDP leaders have been cautious about coming out too strongly either for or against pipeline development .
“ You could have a really intense four-way race , ” said UBC politics professor Max Cameron .
( Cameron noted , though , that “ if the Greens take a second seat anywhere , it 'll probably be Victoria . ” )
Surrey-Newton : Liberals look to unseat NDP
Click for interactive
Supremacy in this new riding , which was a close race four years ago , could come down to a race between NDP MP Jinny Sims and former Liberal MP Sukh Dhaliwal . Conservative candidate Harpreet Singh , a prominent local journalist , makes the riding competitive for the Tories , as well .
Vancouver-Granville : A competitive cornucopia
Click for interactive
This new riding combines bits of Vancouver Quadra , Vancouver Kingsway , Vancouver Centre and Vancouver South — ridings represented by three different parties in the House of Commons .
How it will swing this time around is anyone 's guess .
Liberal candidate Jody Wilson-Raybould , former Crown prosecutor and Regional Chief of the Assembly of First Nations , takes on the Broadbent Institute 's Mira Oreck , running for the NDP , and Conservative candidate , investment firm manager Erinn Broshko . Michael Barkusky is running for the Greens .
“ Nobody really knows how this riding will [ vote ] , ” said Cameron . “ It does n't really have an identity yet . ”
West Vancouver-Sunshine Coast-Sea to Sky Country : Star candidate battle
Click for interactive
Incumbent Tory John Weston could face a tough fight against former West Vancouver Mayor Pamela Golsdsmith-Jones .
“ She 's got a good shot at that , ” Cameron said .
Mission-Matsqui-Fraser Canyon : Close , colourful race
Click for interactive
The southern interior riding was in the news recently for a particularly colourful campaign video from independent candidate Wyatt Scott .
Dragon-slaying aside , Scott does n't stand much chance of winning the newly drawn seat . But the formerly Tory area could go orange this time around : While the southern third of the riding voted fairly heavily Tory in 2011 , polls near Spuzzum , Skookumchuk and Lytton voted NDP .
Liv Grewal , son of Tory MP Nina Grewal , was supposed to run for the Tories but was ditched because of what they called an “ unfair political process. ” New Conservative candidate Brad Vis is running against Liberal candidate Jati Sidhu , the Green Party 's Arthur Green and the NDP 's Dennis Adamson .
Kamloops-Thompson-Cariboo and Cariboo-Prince George
Click for interactive
Cariboo-Prince George is supposed to be one of the safest Tory seats in B.C . — the Conservatives won by more than 20 percentage points in 2011 . But MP Dick Harris is retiring after representing the riding for 20 years , leaving the race ( potentially ) open . Todd Doherty is running for the Conservatives against Liberal candidate Tracy Calogheros ; the NDP , which came second in 2011 , has n't yet nominated a candidate .
Kamloops Thompson-Cariboo , on the other hand , had a somewhat closer Conservative-NDP race during the last election . Incumbent Tory Cathy McLeod faces off against New Democrat Bill Sundhu , Liberal Steve Powrie and Green candidate Matthew Greenwood .
“ The core metropolitan Vancouver ridings are kind of battlegrounds where the Liberals and NDP will pick up seats . I think the Conservatives ' best shots are in the suburban ridings and the interior . And you see that in some of the Conservative messaging , the issues that they 're focusing on , ” Cameron said .
“ If they can pick up some of those seats in the suburban parts of the Lower Mainland — Surrey , Delta , Chilliwack — and then hold their ground in the interior , where they often win by fairly wide margins , then I think they 'll do okay . ”
But at the same time , Cameron noted , the NDP stands to gain , especially on Vancouver Island and in the Lower Mainland
“ There 's potentially an opportunity for a big NDP breakthrough in B.C . They could actually double their seats . ”
And rural regions tend to be polarized between political extremes , Cameron said .
“ You 've got the sort of hippie crowds , which are more left-wing , and then you 've got a bunch of loggers .
“ So they can be interesting , those ridings . ”
