With a proposed constitutional amendment on the horizon , the House voted 71-26 on Tuesday to potentially make Ohio the 26th state to give residents legal access to medical marijuana .
With a proposed constitutional amendment on the horizon , the House voted 71-26 on Tuesday to potentially make Ohio the 26th state to give residents legal access to medical marijuana .
Some members expressed reluctance about the bill � a vote on which would have been near unfathomable just a few years ago � but after hearing of the drug 's benefits and facing the prospect of a less-restrictive constitutional amendment on the November ballot , the bill was sent to the Senate . Hearings will start this morning .
Rep. Steve Huffman , R-Tipp City , an emergency department doctor and sponsor of the bill , noted that members heard about children prescribed marijuana who went from 300 seizures a day to five , and how it helped a veteran with their post-traumatic stress disorder .
�This is what this bill is all about , which is the patients , � they said . �I am absolutely convinced there is therapeutic value in medical marijuana.�
> > Follow @ OhioPoliticsNow on Twitter
The bill would allow for vaping , but not smoking , and includes 20 medical conditions that qualify for medical marijuana , such as post-traumatic stress disorder and intractable pain . It would prohibit home-grown marijuana , require doctors to report how often and why the drug is prescribed , and set up an appointed nine-member control commission to enact regulations , including locations of farms and dispensaries .
The bill also requires an ongoing patient-doctor relationship for the drug to be prescribed .
Though some say the bill is too restrictive , supporters say it ensures that the drug is used strictly for medical , rather than recreational , purposes .
�We are talking about a well-regulated system , � said Rep. Kirk Schuring , R-Canton , who has led the House study of the issue since January . They said they were moved by the testimony they heard from those suffering who have found relief from the drug .
As lawmakers look to take some steam out of the proposed constitutional amendment on the Nov. 8 ballot , the Senate is likely to pass the bill within a few weeks . A ballot issue would override a state law .
�I don�t think there�s anything that�s dynamically different in what is the House version versus what would be a Senate version , � said Sen. Dave Burke , R-Marysville , a pharmacist who worked on the issue for months .
Burke has said they favor having the state Pharmacy Board and the State Medical Board handle rules and regulations of medical marijuana , instead of the House-passed control commission .
A handful of lawmakers , mostly Democrats , have pushed for medical marijuana legalization since the 1990s . Republican leaders took up the issue in the wake of a failed marijuana ballot issue last year , when it was clear that groups were going to keep pushing the issue until voters said yes .
`` We give the people an alternative , '' Huffman said . `` I think they 're going to look at this as a true medical marijuana bill that is best for the patients and the citizens of Ohio . ''
Ohioans for Medical Marijuana , a group backed by the Marijuana Policy Project of Washington , D.C. , which is pursuing a Nov. 8 ballot issue , says the bill is too restrictive and would make patients wait up to two years before doctors start writing prescriptions .
�Today�s vote will only bring false hope and empty promises to Ohioans suffering from debilitating conditions who need medical marijuana , � said spokesperson Aaron Marshall .
Nichole Scholten , an advocate for the pro-medical marijuana group Ohio Families CANN , recently urged lawmakers to design a program that is �useful and without barriers , � and gets buy-in from patients .
`` Make them feel untrusted , illegitimate , or under-prioritized and they may not , '' they said . `` They may support a citizen initiative instead . ''
GOP lawmakers have said they oppose the ballot proposal , which would allow home-grown marijuana and allow it to be smoked .
The bill ensures that parents and caregivers could not be arrested for providing marijuana to patients .
`` This is a life-altering piece of legislation for a lot of families in this state , '' said Rep. Dan Ramos , D-Lorain .
The Ohio State Medical Association has said it can not support the bill because marijuana has not undergone proper clinical research and federal approval . But the group has said it would prefer legislative action to a ballot issue .
In all , 20 Republicans and six Democrats voted against the bill , none from Franklin County .
Some Democrats , including Rep. David Leland , D-Columbus , said they did n't like that the bill would allow employers to fire someone for using marijuana , even it were prescribed legally .
`` Not only can you be fired because you are a medical marijuana user ... we 're going to deny you your unemployment benefits for something that we just declared legal , '' they said . `` It 's like we have schizophrenia here . ''
jsiegel @ dispatch.com
@ phrontpage
I have heard it often said that there is no one right way to accomplish a goal . I agree . However , I would add that while there is no such thing as “ one right way ” to achieve an objective , this does not mean there are n't numerous WRONG ways to achieve an objective .
Doing “ something ” is not always better than doing nothing if that “ something ” is based on terrible strategy . Unfortunately , there are people out there with otherwise good intentions , even in the liberty movement , that seem to think that taking action without planning is preferable to patience . They do not understand that there is such a thing as negative returns .
The reality is that action is easy . Patience and planning are difficult . Emotional reaction is simple . Quiet professionalism is complicated .
This is the dynamic that is plaguing the liberty movement today ; the battle between our emotional drive to jump headlong into conflict with our progressively corrupt establishment , and the absolute necessity for intelligent strategy and proper timing .
The issue here is not “ fighting. ” Most of us know and accept the fact that a fight is coming whether we like it or not . I say by all means , let 's fight , but fighting is not enough . If we fight , we must fight TO WIN , and this requires fighting smart .
On the other side of the coin , the weak handed and weak hearted will argue that fighting in any respect is “ useless ” or “ immoral ” and will result in failure . This is the pacifist camp , which never produces much in the way of practical solutions . There are very useful and peaceful methods for non-participation and nullification , most of which I am happy to promote . That said , non-participation is only part of the battle . If you are dealing with a psychopathic adversary ( which we are ) , ultimately that adversary will use overt violence to stop you from nullifying their authority . If you are not willing to use active self defense against true evil based on some deluded Gandhi complex , then you and the historical memory of you will be erased . It is perfectly possible for a person to fight in self defense while maintaining their core principles .
If you fight , then there is a chance . If you do not fight , then failure is guaranteed . The “ odds ” are irrelevant . How you fight ( fighting smart ) is the only matter of importance .
Recently I have seen a growing contingent of people within the movement that seek a fight but question the concept of planning or waiting . They 'll argue that planning is somehow impractical , or that there will never be a perfect time for action . This way of thinking has only been inflated by the latest events in Burns , Oregon .
The Oregon standoff is a stunning example of how emotional action leads to failure and tragedy . Many will argue over the circumstances surrounding the death of Lavoy Finicum — did they reach into their jacket , or was they reacting to being shot ? Were the police officers involved in fear for their lives , or were they out for blood ? The majority of liberty activists will undoubtedly assume malicious intent on the part of the government due to their track record of murder and lies . I do n't blame them . That said , I would point out that while Finicum may be dead because of ill intent on the part of trigger happy cops , they were put in that position in the first place due to inadequate planning and leadership .
The argument that the FBI should have never been in Burns in the first place overlooks the fact that Bundy and team , strategically speaking , should not have been there either . They could have been in a far better position if only they had thought their conundrum through .
Oregon and the death of Finicum are not failures on the part of the liberty movement . They are failures on the part of Bundy and team , who refused to listen to scores of people with far more experience and knowledge in such situations ; the same people who tried to help the occupiers adjust their tactics and offer them safer ground and safer footing . The failure in Oregon is what happens when amateurs , not just in training but in tactical philosophy , undertake a rebellion .
Some will argue that experienced tacticians within the movement ( and there are many ) refused to show up for the fight , and thus sentenced the occupiers to defeat . I would argue that the Oregon standoff was FUBAR from the very beginning . From its inception it was doomed . Half the movement saw it plain as day . For me , the end result was obvious .
A team of well-meaning but unorganized and untrained activists thrust themselves into a situation beyond their capabilities and under the potential influence of agents provocateur . There was no vetting for random strangers seeking to join their ranks ; no direct goals and no clearly defined strategy , only vague demands and notions . No thought of planning one or two steps ahead , let alone five steps ahead . A circus atmosphere inspiring public ridicule rather than public respect . A complete lack of understanding of the gravity of the situation leading to a false sense of safety and comfort , or in some cases even hubris .
This is why most liberty tacticians had no interest in showing up to the Oregon standoff ; not because they were fearful , not because they are “ sunshine patriots , ” not because they are waiting for a “ perfect ” moment that will never come to kick off a revolution . They did not show up because it was a scenario that could not be salvaged . It was a carnival . Period .
To compare events to the first American Revolution , I do not see the standoff and the shooting of Finicum as a Lexington Green moment ( though it has n't fully ended yet ) . Rather , I see it as a Boston Massacre moment . The Boston Massacre was an absolute tragedy , but also not a cut-and-dry affair . John Adams , acting as legal defense for the British soldiers accused of initiating bloodshed , realized that the Sons Of Liberty were desperate to use the event politically to rally support for direct revolution , but also understood that the timing and the circumstances were utterly wrong . The Sons of Liberty wanted to hold up the Boston Massacre as a symbol of ALLthe oppression the colonials suffered under the crown . Adams , though an avid champion of the cause , correctly treated it as a singular tragedy and not an opportunity for exploitation .
The colonials would eventually enter into revolution at Lexington and Concord ; clearly defined defensive scenarios in which the militia obstructed the path of British soldiers sent to arrest leaders of the Sons of Liberty ( Samuel Adams and John Hancock ) , as well as to confiscate firearms and black powder caches . The militia had a direct goal ( to impede the British from reaching Adams and Hancock ) and the British used clear and overt force against them , resulting in an immediate and violent justified response by other militias . This is one right way to start a rebellion .
So if Oregon represents an example of the wrong way to do things , what is a better way ? I described alternative methods with a much greater chance of success in my article “ Real Strategies For Removing Federal Presence From Western Lands , ” but I would like to explore beyond specific tactics and discuss mindset — the overall philosophy behind a winning rebellion in our modern era .
Divided We Win , United We Fall
This might sound counter-intuitive ; I 'll explain .
A movement should be united in its stance and its values in order to succeed and I believe the liberty movement is indeed united for the most part on these terms . However , when it comes to concrete action the more centralized our efforts the less we will achieve and the more likely we are to fail .
I find it interesting that whenever a call goes out to the movement to take action it usually involves concentrating large masses of us into a small area with no outlined plan or directives . With the exception of Bundy Ranch , which I believe was entirely organic in how it came about , most of these calls to arms are initiated by questionable personalities or people possibly under the influence of provocateurs who seek to march us all into a box , whether it be a bridge in Washington , D.C. or a scrub brush refuge in Oregon . In the face of a vastly superior opponent in terms of arms and technology , it seems to me that the establishment would prefer us all to be hyper-focused on only one battle space at one time , putting all our eggs in one basket and leaving us vulnerable .
Instead , a rebellion in this day and age must be asymmetric in nature ; meaning smaller groups acting covertly on their own initiative everywhere rather than in only one place . Amassing in one small region might be useful under very specific conditions , but if you want to pose an actual threat to a large criminal system , you need hundreds of events , all of them far better planned than Oregon .
Organization Through Localism
If you can not even secure your own family or your own neighborhood from potential threats , then why would you expect to be successful in projecting out to a whole other state and community and securing it instead ? Local organization is more important than national organization or grand posturing on the national stage . If you can strengthen your own community while others do the same across the country , then the effects will be felt nationally by default .
Far more can be accomplished through localism than by rolling the dice on mass theatricality and Alamo-style tactics .
Communications Networking
Unity does not come best through concentrated action but through solid communications . The fact that most of the liberty movement has no coms networks outside of the mainstream grid is a sad state of affairs that will lead to our downfall . As far as my information shows , the Oregon occupiers had no ham radio communications and relied primarily on cell phones . This is a disaster waiting to happen .
When there is a national network of ham operators providing communications to the liberty movement , then and only then can we claim to have the means to organize effectively outside of our own communities . Do not assume for a second that you will have access to mainstream grid communications when you need them .
Prepare To Aid People Outside The Movement
The establishment would like nothing more than for the liberty movement to completely isolate itself from the general public . The more we refuse to interact with our communities the easier it will be to paint us as dangerous outsiders . The more we offer valuable services and training to a community , such as classes on emergency medical response , personal defense against active shooters , food storage and preparedness , etc. , the more likely we will be seen as valuable assets to that community in the wake of a crisis .
I have been undertaking such efforts in my own community for the past couple of years and have met many excellent people who are of like mind but not necessarily “ activists ” in the traditional sense . If you discount efforts to improve your local situation and to build bridges , you do so at your own peril .
Focus On The True Culprits
Eventually , someone is going to have to bring the international banking elites to justice for their direct influence over government corruption and destructive economic policy . Making stands against the Bureau of Land Management and other questionable federal agencies might be a necessary part of this fight , but the fight will never end until the original perpetrators are removed at the root . Beware of any group or “ leader ” who calls you to action but ignores the money-elite ; they are probably more interested in exploiting you than helping you .
Quiet Professionalism
Perhaps most important of all is the need for liberty activists to adopt an attitude of quiet professionalism . This means analyzing situations objectively . This means having one 's heart in the right place without being driven emotionally . This means attaining personal excellence in any field of knowledge that might help you to gain victory .
Winning this fight will require the extraordinary dedication of extraordinary individuals ; anything less will result in disaster . Giving our all does not mean simply being willing to sacrifice our lives . That may be what happens , but this can not be our only trump card . If you are not striving every day to master your own skills and initiative then you are not giving your all . If you are not organizing effectively at the local level because you assume no one will listen to you , then learn to communicate better and try again . If your only plan is to go out guns blazing , then you might as well stay home because you will do more harm for the movement than good .
Become a local pillar rather than a mere complainer . Seek to produce results rather than demanding others do it for you . When you act , act intelligently . Be steady in your resolve and do not let anger or panic rule your thinking . Be fair in your assessments , and above all , once again , if you fight , fight to win . Fighting merely in the name of fighting is a fool 's game .
If the movement had 10,000 individuals of this caliber victory would be assured against any odds .
Yusei has the prettiest eyes ! He 's not my favorite protagonist in terms of character growth or design , but he 's a nice and cool guy who loves their friends and their motorcycle and I can respect that . I do like the headcanon that all the protags are trans ( excepting Judai and Yuya because I have different headcanons for them two and maybe Yusaku because I know nothing about him ) and that includes Yusei ! I also like drawing them with like dark ( ish ) olive-toned skin though that 's partially just to contrast with the more reddish skin tone I usually use . In terms of ships , I hc Yusei as bi but ace ( like me ! ) so I do n't have any hardcore ships for him ? I think both toolshipping and faithshipping are pretty good . I 'm not super fond of starshipping myself , but I see y'all who do like it and that 's valid . I also think they look really hot with glasses .
OMG Pinkie Pies cheerfulness scares me
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Art © copyright =keelerleah ( me )
Twilight Sparkle and Pinkie Pie© copyright their respective owners .
Do not re-post , resubmit or edit this picture . You Ca n't use the pictures for layouts , blogs , websites , myspace , banners , designs , posters , cd , books etc without accessing a written permission from me .
Commissioned for of the characters Twilight Sparkle and Pinkie Pie from My little Pony.Yep , more pony art . ^^I actually took the time to watch a few episodes now , so I think that 's helping a bit with these commissions as I now know a bit about the characters.There are a few more MLP commissions still coming up , so expect a few more in the near future.The colors ... they almost blew my brain trying to get everything balanced . I wanted something bright and cheerful ... but gosh that was hard . I actually dimmed the saturation a bit but even so I hope they do n't turn anyone off ( I guess it depends on peoples monitor brightness settings if they do ? ) Anyway , even so I 'm very happy at the result.But please no critique . I still struggle with expressions , perspective and apparently dishes . So if you see something off , do n't tell me otherwise I 'll never unsee whatever it is.Painted completed in photoshop.Pose references : [ link ]
Check out the video at the linked site for some fun memes . The Reddit guys all identify with the guy CNN tried to blackmail , so they were not at all happy .
Via Daily Caller :
This has grown into a major point of contention within the Reddit community , and currently the top comments attached to CNN 's article — numbering more than 21,000 at the time of publication — are trashing the embattled news outlet .
One of the top comments , written by user “ Riff_Randell “ , encapsulated the sentiments of many in the reddit community .
“ If CNN is so adamantly against Trump 's fear mongering tactics , why would they do the same and deliberately scare the shit out of this dude and their stupid wrestling meme ? I mean , does anyone really think this meme was meant to incite violence against the media ? It 's wrestling . A fake sport . Seriously , this is beyond nuts . ”
Another Redditor “ Arntor1184 ” elaborated further , “ This is totally CNN trying to flex it 's muscle on some lowlife Reddit troll in some weird attempt to discourage future trolls and it disgusts me to no end . This is the kind of shitt that should be sounding off alarm bells in the public 's head . Where does a multi billion dollar media conglomerate get off funding a witch hunt on a private citizen for being mean to them . ”
Keep reading…
DCNS Shortfin Barracuda
Over 160 Australian companies , research and development and educational institutions gathered in Brisbane yesterday to be updated by key Future Submarine Program ( FSP ) representatives .
Attendees were updated on the program 's progress to date , future development plans and potential engagement opportunities .
Advertisement Advertisement
The event was a joint briefing involving the Department of Defence and the two prime contractors of the program – DCNS , the Platform System Integrator ( PSI ) , and Lockheed Martin Australia , the Combat System Integrator ( CSI ) .
In Queensland , the DCNS figures show :
46 requests for information have been sent to 14 companies ;
12 companies have completed the DCNS supplier pre-qualification questionnaire ; and
Six companies have already undergone questionnaire validation audits , which is the next step in the process of becoming eligible for the DCNS supply chain .
DCNS Australia 's chief executive Brent Clark said the briefing was another example of how DCNS intends to maximise the Australian industry 's involvement in the FSP .
`` The purpose of today 's briefing is to provide an update on the Future Submarine Program and how we want to maximise Australian involvement , for example , through technology transfer and collaboration , '' said Clark .
`` I think it is important for Australian industry to understand that this is a national project and everyone has the opportunity to contribute . Attending these joint briefings with the Department of Defence and Lockheed Martin is the best way to learn about the opportunities this program has to offer . ''
Lockheed Martin Australia said it is keen to hear from Queensland industry suppliers , to support their plan to team with Australian companies to provide the engineering capacity needed to support the program .
`` To date , we have a number of Queensland suppliers registered with us for the Future Submarine Program and we are keen to hear from industry across a range of fields including systems integration , cybersecurity and hardware engineering , '' said Vince Di Pietro , chief executive of Lockheed Martin Australia .
`` Our approach to supporting sustainable industry development is to invest and grow the capabilities of our local supplier partners to support our global supply chains , providing opportunities for technology transfer , innovation , local skilled jobs and sustainable business growth . ''
Minister for Defence Industry Christopher Pyne welcomed the fourth Future Submarine Program industry information sessions and said Australian industry involvement in the program was vitally important to the construction and sustainment of the submarine fleet into the future , and would create job opportunities across Australia .
`` These types of high-level engagements with Defence industry again demonstrate the government 's commitment to maximising Australian industry involvement in the Future Submarine Program , '' said Minister Pyne .
The minister said attendees stated industry days remain beneficial , providing good insights into the progress of the Future Submarine Program and the opportunities for Australian industry to participate .
`` Successful industry days have already been conducted in Adelaide , Sydney and Melbourne , which have attracted more than 1,000 attendees from Australian companies , research and development institutions and educational organisations , '' they said .
The Future Submarine industry briefings will continue around the nation in 2017 , with the next briefing scheduled for 7 June 2017 in Perth . Further briefings will follow in Hobart and Darwin .
Stories about ‘ Dickface ' racked up the pageviews – but reporting did nothing but further ruin the lives of people arrested for minor crimes , writes Hunter Pauli
On 17 April Dickface made another run for it , which was not unusual . Less than a week earlier a trigger-happy parole officer here in Montana had shot out the guy 's tires and , after a chase and a crash , police arrested them for multiple felony charges . A month before that Dickface had fled from police after failing to appear in court and they were arrested hiding in a car in a garage .
Police called them Dickface because of an unfortunately shaped facial tattoo from forehead to jawline meant to depict exposed machinery . They also called them a “ runner ” ( though he 's not a good one ) and a “ frequent flier ” for their regular arrests .
I call them Dickface now because it 's more ethical than smearing another poor person by publishing their legal name in the newspaper and contributing to the ruination of their life .
Journalists to use 'immune system ' software against fake news Read more
Doing that day in and day out did n't feel like journalism to me and actively prevented me from writing important stories to the point where I quit my job .
When Dickface ran again last April , they were arriving at the courthouse in an ambulance from a secure hospital where they had been administered a mental health evaluation after harming themselves in jail . When the ambulance doors opened , police said Dickface bolted , eluding police for 20 minutes until an off-duty officer spotted them at the hospital and they were arrested again . They face as much as 75 years in prison .
Journalists have seen the value of covering chases – those at high speed and on foot – since KCOP Channel 13 introduced a live chopper cam hovering over the Los Angeles freeway in 1992 . Even though we all know how chases end , even a print story about one is more enticing to local readers than just about anything else in the paper . And with three chases under their belt in a little more than a month , Dickface racked up the pageviews .
Despite their outsized media presence , Dickface is hardly a criminal mastermind and far , far from the worst criminal I covered . They just seemed like another poor kid who stole something too expensive when they were young and stupid and who was doomed by a five-year sentence in prison into a cycle that would lead them back there . During their incarceration at Montana State Prison , a Department of Justice survey identified the facility as the worst prison for sexual assault in the country . I 'd probably run , too .
As the sole crime reporter at a daily paper in Butte , Montana in charge of putting out the daily blotter , I found the process for deciding which poor residents of my city to shame completely arbitrary . There 's almost never enough real crime worth covering , but if a couple nasty assaults occurred there might not be room to include some poor guy getting caught with a gram of meth . If nothing happened the next day , maybe that user would go in . The blotter was often all minor drug arrests .
Over time I established a system : the more harm someone was doing to others , the greater the priority . Reporting about violent criminals such as guys hitting their girlfriends is pretty easy on the conscience , and so are DUIs and endangerment .
After a while I stopped including people arrested for shoplifting food from Walmart despite how frequently it happened and how many readers loved laughing about it .
When I stopped including simple drug arrests in the blotter nobody noticed , not even my editors , which begs the question of why we consider minor drug crimes worthy of attention in the first place .
Not all news outlets publish the names of arrestees , but even small cities have a daily , a weekly and TV stations so desperate for material by deadline that the names often get through . I know of no outlets in Montana that withhold the names of arrestees .
Names of arrestees are publicly available information that anyone can get from the police , but without journalists they 'd sit unseen in databases unconnected to the outside world . The rise of online journalism means the role of the modern crime reporter is to bridge the air gap between the deep web databases of the criminal justice system and the publicly indexed repositories of online news archives .
Journalists play an unintended but integral role in the modern continuation of the poverty-prison cycle . If you do a Google search for Dickface 's name , the first results are stories about their alleged crimes . How are they supposed to get a legitimate job when a potential employer takes a cursory glance at their name ? How are they expected to make an honest living and stay out of trouble ?
Citizens in some countries can petition big data companies like Google to prevent certain URLs from appearing when their name is searched and say in the network age everyone has a right to be forgotten . But even that leaves a Streisand Effect-like paper trail when journalists fight back against what they see as censorship , such as the BBC 's index of links to stories removed from search engines by right-to-be-forgotten requests filed under EU law . ( Almost every removed story is a crime story . )
Newseum chief fears for future of journalism under Trump Read more
While the minor crime stories churned out by the thousands every day have an enormous , devastating long-term effect on their subjects , all but the most heinous of offenses are simply not worth reporting and are a waste of resources already stretched thin . No one becomes a more informed member of their community after 30 seconds spent reading a story about a homeless woman who shoplifted meat . They just laugh and move on .
Read the comments section of any crime story and you 'll see that readers and viewers love nothing more than judging those in their community . Poverty crime stories generate clicks because everyone thinks it 's hilarious when a naked man runs down the street screaming even if it 's because they ca n't afford their medication .
In my newsroom we had a monitor that displayed live pageviews , and I was often pressured to finish police blotters as soon as possible to feed the lunch break crowd , regardless of whether there were more pressing stories towork on . I do n't blame my bosses : small newspapers need money . While the crime coverage in media hubs may be more nuanced , those outlets have far more resources and account for very little of the country . I was the only police reporter in a six-county area and was responsible for 15,000 square miles of crime .
Frequently , the demands of filling a daily crime section would prevent me from working on more important stories , such as an investigation of why the Environmental Protection Agency 's acceptable level of lead in children 's blood was set at a higher level in Butte than federal regulations allow . Lead turns children into barbarians , and the lead-crime hypothesis in Butte – known to Montanans as a rough and tumble city – has never been tested .
We should be thankful small places in America are safe enough to not always need a daily update on last night 's mistakes , but instead we blow small crimes out of proportion and ruin people 's lives for pennies , all while missing the big picture .
It 's not hard to see the big crime in Butte that people are getting away with . You can see it from orbit .
A producer from the reality series “ The Apprentice ” used Twitter on Saturday night to warn that the now-infamous leaked audio of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE making crude and sexually explicit comments about women is just the beginning .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of # theapprentice I assure you : when it comes to # trump tapes there are far worse , ” tweeted Bill Pruitt .
As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of # theapprentice I assure you : when it comes to the # trumptapes there are far worse . # justthebegininng — Bill Pruitt ( @ billpruitt ) October 8 , 2016
Pruitt is not the first to suggest there will be more revelations about the Republican presidential nominee 's past behavior . According to reports by Fox News 's Ed Henry , top Trump adviser Ben Carson suggested there would be more “ bombshells ” to come .
. @ RealBenCarson told me they & @ realDonaldTrump talked about more revelations coming : `` They have have more things & they will drip them out '' — Ed Henry ( @ edhenry ) October 8 , 2016
On Friday , The Washington Post revealed 2005 audio of Trump caught on a hot mic making sexually aggressive comments about women , discussing an attempt to have sex with a married woman and saying that they could `` do anything '' to women because they were a celebrity .
Trump 's late-night apology failed to quell the storm over their comments , which included a graphic line about grabbing women “ by the p -- -y . ”
Their presidential campaign is now teetering on the edge of implosion , with the nominee facing unprecedented calls from Republicans to drop out of the race .
OTTAWA – The federal cabinet is supporting a CRTC decision that forces Canada 's big Internet providers to share their high-speed infrastructure with smaller carriers at a wholesale cost .
Bell Canada had asked the Liberal government to overrule the regulator 's decision , saying it would discourage innovation .
READ MORE : Wireless prices in Canada likely to rise due to ‘ phoney ' competition : study
But the minister responsible for the telecom industry , Navdeep Bains , said today in a statement that middle-class and low-income families need access to affordable , high-speed Internet .
They said the wholesale broadband ruling helps enable retail competition in the market .
Bell had argued that the regulation could slow innovation by forcing it to stop investing in technology .
READ MORE : Who ca n't use this Canadian startup 's cheap cellphone plan ? Canadians
Bell 's appeal followed a July 2015 decision by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission , which ordered Canada 's telecom giants to provide other Internet providers with wholesale access to their fibre optic networks .
Bains said the CRTC decision balances the industry 's incentive to continue to invest and consumer choice . They said the federal government is encouraged by recent announcements of companies investing in fibre across Canada .
WWE taped this week 's episode of WWE RAW from Manchester , England . Here are results from the show :
– There ' is a loud “ Cena sucks ” chant going before the show begins .
– RAW opens with WWE Champion Randy Orton coming to the ring and cutting a promo . He 's interrupted by Vickie Guerrero , who announces that he 'll be wrestling WWE Tag Team Champions Cody Rhodes and Goldust tonight in a 2-on-1 handicap match .
– Cody Rhodes and Goldust defeated Randy Orton by count out when Big Show came down to ringside and threw Randy Orton threw a table .
– Santino Marella & Los Matadores defeated 3MB , who came to the ring wearing Union Jack ring gear , which got a good reaction from the crowd . El Torito got involved after the match , hitting their signature spots on 3MB .
– Dolph Ziggler vs. Curtis Axel is announced for later tonight .
Religious belief apparently does make a potent difference in behavior for one group of evangelical teen-agers : those who score highest on measures of religiosity—such as how often they go to church , or how often they pray at home . But many Americans who identify themselves as evangelicals , and who hold socially conservative beliefs , are n't deeply observant . Even more important than religious conviction , Regnerus argues , is how “ embedded ” a teen-ager is in a network of friends , family , and institutions that reinforce their or their goal of delaying sex , and that offer a plausible alternative to America 's sexed-up consumer culture . A church , of course , is n't the only way to provide a cohesive sense of community . Close-knit families make a difference . Teen-agers who live with both biological parents are more likely to be virgins than those who do not . And adolescents who say that their families understand them , pay attention to their concerns , and have fun with them are more likely to delay intercourse , regardless of religiosity . A terrific 2005 documentary , “ The Education of Shelby Knox , ” tells the story of a teen-ager from a Southern Baptist family in Lubbock , Texas , who has taken a True Love Waits pledge . To the chagrin of their youth pastor , and many of their neighbors , Knox eventually becomes an activist for comprehensive sex education . At their high school , kids receive abstinence-only education , but , Knox says , “ maybe twice a week I see a girl walking down the hall pregnant. ” In the film , Knox seems successful at remaining chaste , but less because they took a pledge than because they have a fearlessly independent mind and the kind of parents who—despite their own conservative leanings—admire their outspokenness . Devout Republicans , their parents end up driving them around town to make speeches that would have curled their hair before their daughter started making them . Them mother even comes to take pride in Shelby 's efforts , because while abstinence pledges are lovely in the abstract , they do n't acknowledge “ reality. ” Like other American teens , young evangelicals live in a world of Internet porn , celebrity sex scandals , and raunchy reality TV , and they have the same hormonal urges that their peers have . Yet they come from families and communities in which sexual life is supposed to be forestalled until the first night of a transcendent honeymoon . Regnerus writes , “ In such an atmosphere , attitudes about sex may formally remain unchanged ( and restrictive ) while sexual activity becomes increasingly common . This clash of cultures and norms is felt most poignantly in the so-called Bible Belt. ” Symbolic commitment to the institution of marriage remains strong there , and politically motivating—hence the drive to outlaw gay marriage—but the actual practice of it is scattershot . “ Sometimes I ca n't remember if I 'm good cop or bad cop ” Among blue-state social liberals , commitment to the institution of marriage tends to be unspoken or discreet , but marriage in practice typically works pretty well . Two family-law scholars , Naomi Cahn , of George Washington University , and June Carbone , of the University of Missouri at Kansas City , are writing a book on the subject , and they argue that “ red families ” and “ blue families ” are “ living different lives , with different moral imperatives. ” ( They emphasize that the Republican-Democrat divide is less important than the higher concentration of “ moral-values voters ” in red states . ) In 2004 , the states with the highest divorce rates were Nevada , Arkansas , Wyoming , Idaho , and West Virginia ( all red states in the 2004 election ) ; those with the lowest were Illinois , Massachusetts , Iowa , Minnesota , and New Jersey . The highest teen-pregnancy rates were in Nevada , Arizona , Mississippi , New Mexico , and Texas ( all red ) ; the lowest were in North Dakota , Vermont , New Hampshire , Minnesota , and Maine ( blue except for North Dakota ) . “ The ‘ blue states ' of the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic have lower teen birthrates , higher use of abortion , and lower percentages of teen births within marriage , ” Cahn and Carbone observe . They also note that people start families earlier in red states—in part because they are more inclined to deal with an unplanned pregnancy by marrying rather than by seeking an abortion . Of all variables , the age at marriage may be the pivotal difference between red and blue families . The five states with the lowest median age at marriage are Utah , Oklahoma , Idaho , Arkansas , and Kentucky , all red states , while those with the highest are all blue : Massachusetts , New York , Rhode Island , Connecticut , and New Jersey . The red-state model puts couples at greater risk for divorce ; women who marry before their mid-twenties are significantly more likely to divorce than those who marry later . And younger couples are more likely to be contending with two of the biggest stressors on a marriage : financial struggles and the birth of a baby before , or soon after , the wedding . There are , of course , plenty of exceptions to these rules—messily divorcing professional couples in Boston , high-school sweethearts who stay sweetly together in rural Idaho . Still , Cahn and Carbone conclude , “ the paradigmatic red-state couple enters marriage not long after the woman becomes sexually active , has two children by their mid-twenties , and reaches the critical period of marriage at the high point in the life cycle for risk-taking and experimentation . The paradigmatic blue-state couple is more likely to experiment with multiple partners , postpone marriage until after they reach emotional and financial maturity , and have their children ( if they have them at all ) as their lives are stabilizing . ”
Today we 'll look at Behaviors in Xcode . Behaviors are a way for us to tell Xcode “ whenever this specific thing happens , I want this other specific thing ( or set of things ) to happen automatically. ” Let 's get started .
We 'll start by opening Xcode 's preferences ( Xcode > Preferences ) or ⌘ , and heading to the Behaviors tab :
In the sidebar on the left we 'll find a list of events that can occur in Xcode . We can trigger something to happen off of any of these events .
On the right of the Behaviors tab , we can choose what actions we 'd like triggered when the selected event occurs . We can select as many of these as we 'd like and they 'll all happen , like magic 🎩 , each time the selected event occurs .
Let 's start simple and play a sound each time a build fails . We 'll select the appropriate item in the sidebar , then enable the “ Play sound ” checkbox .
Xcode uses Behaviors itself . For example , when an error is found , it shows the issue navigator . When our app finishes building , it shows the familiar “ Build Succeeded ” bezel . When our apps begins running it shows the debugger . ( All things that , since we now know about Behaviors , we can customize ) .
There 's a ton of power packed into Behaviors , and it 's all quite simple to configure . We can hide/show different panels , jump to specific spots in Xcode 's interface , even run a custom script . Try to examine the little things you find yourself doing in Xcode ( hiding a panel , going over to the build log , etc . ) maybe a Behavior could save you the trouble !
New legislation passed by Republicans Tuesday is set to further restrict the list of acceptable documents voters may use to cast ballots in Virginia , changing voting rules in Virginia for the second time in just two years .
Senate Bill 719 and House Bill 1337 , which passed the Senate and House of Delegates on largely party line votes , will severely restrict the number of acceptable forms of voter identification .
Virginia Republicans passed a voter ID bill last year as well . That law made ID mandatory for the first time in Virginia history , but created a relatively long list of acceptable forms of ID . Because of all the identification options available , the law was seen as one of the less egregious forms of voter ID passed in the recent onslaught of proposed voter suppression legislation .
Republican Lieutenant Governor Bill Bolling had cast the tie breaking vote against similar legislation that came out of the Senate Monday , because the bill would have imposed new restrictions during 2013 . These changes are not set to take effect until 2014 .
“ I think [ the bill ] is a reasonable effort to tighten voter identification requirements and assure greater integrity in the voting process , ” Bolling said in a statement about the earlier version of the bill . “ However , we just changed Virginia 's voter ID requirements in 2012 , and we can not change these requirements every year . I am concerned that this would create unnecessary confusion among voters about what forms of ID are required at the polls . ”
Democrats are largely opposed to the law , likening it to Jim Crow . “ There are people , mostly elderly , many of them but not all poor , who do not have any of these IDs that will be left , because they do n't drive anymore because they do n't have a valid driver 's license , they do n't have a concealed weapon permit , ” Del . Jennifer McClellan , a Richmond Democrat , told the Fredericksburg Free Lance-Star . “ All they have is the voter registration card sent by the state . ”
McClellan also pointed out that these laws create barrier to vote despite the fact there is almost no evidence of voter impersonation fraud in Virginia .
The Senate and House versions of the new ID laws now need to be reconciled in a conference committee . The major difference is a contingency clause that requires taxpayer funded voter education plan before the new law can take effect . The commonwealth spent nearly $ 2 million educating voters about last year 's voter ID law .
Assuming the House and Senate can find common ground on their difference , the legislation would head to Bob McDonnell for their signature .
A third voter ID law being considered would further restrict identification options , by removing any non-photo ID from the list of acceptable documents .
Denmark stunned Finland in a 3-2 victory as the San Jose Sharks final 2016 draft pick , Joachim Blichfeld , scored to help hand the Danes a shocking victory in the second day of the 2017 Hockey World Juniors . The Danes three goals came on six shots and Blichfeld 's goal was one of two scored by Sharks prospects on Tuesday .
Blichfeld , taken with San Jose 's seventh round pick in the 2016 entry draft , scored Denmark 's game-winning goal . That gives the Danes three points and their first win of the tournament . They set in third place over Switzerland ( 2 ) and Finland . The top two teams from each group advance .
Russia 9 , Latvia 1
The good news is that Sharks prospect Rudolfs Balcers scored their first goal of the tournament . The bad news is that it came in another lopsided defeat for the Latvians , who have now been outscored 15-2 in a pair of games in the tournament .
Switzerland 4 , Czech Republic 3 ( OT )
The Czechs missed out on an opportunity to take a commanding lead in Group A , but an overtime loss certainly does n't sink them . They outshot the Swiss 39-22 and were clearly the stronger team . They 've still got Sweden to face , but should be able to handle that challenge and the Danes .
Canada 5 , Slovakia 0
I do n't want to overstate how good Canada is , nor do I want to bag on Slovakia but ... the Canadians outshot Slovakia 44-6 . Five different players potted goals for Canada and while this team is n't unbeatable , it 's hard to imagine what team will hold an advantage against them in this tournament .
# 110 Cone Custom - Slate
Sometimes a fabric turns out better than you expect . We just got back our Cone Custom Dyed Selvedge and we 're loving it . Now we have the last small run available .
Gustin jeans made from sanforized raw selvedge denim from Cone Mills in Greensboro , NC . Sometimes we want a style the mills just are n't producing as stock items . This time we decided to create it ourselves . We start with the ever popular Cone Mills Natural selvedge that we have used many times before . It 's a great fabric with nice vertical grain and 12.75oz weight . It also happens to be the perfect blank canvas for experimentation . For our first offering we wanted something versatile - great for the warmer months and formal enough for to go to the office . We dyed the fabric to our spec , a bright slate grey . It has a saturated appearance as the die coats both warp and weft . It has a super soft hand so it 's amazingly comfortable on day one . We 're also going to sew it up with tonal stitching to give it a sleek look . This could be the perfect middle ground between our classic denim and our upcoming traditional chino . We 're all in for a pair , especially Cody , who was quite pleased with this first color choice .
This is the same style and quality that was sold in boutiques all over the country for $ 205+ .
Choose either our classic Straight fit or our Slim fit . More details available on our fit guide .
Described as a “ hidden identity game designed to push you to the edge , ” The Thing : Infection at Outpost 31 will allow you to relive John Carpenter 's classic horror film like never before .
We told you back in February that a board game based on The Thing was coming soon , and today we 've been provided with a first look at the finished product that 's headed our way in time for Halloween . The game “ recreates the tension and mystery of The Thing as players race to discover who among them are infected in the hidden identity game play engine . ”
Check out images and info below !
In the game…
An alien lifeform has infiltrated a bleak and desolate Antarctic research station assimilating other organisms and then imitating them . In the hidden identity game The Thing : Infection at Outpost 31 , you will relive John Carpenter 's sci-fi cult classic in a race to discover who among the team has been infected by this heinous lifeform . Play as one of a dozen characters like helicopter pilot MacReady , mechanic Childs , or station manager Garry . Face sabotage and infection as you investigate the facility—gather gear , battle The Thing , expose any imitations among you , and escape Outpost 31 !
Look for it in stories and online this October , with Mondo getting an exclusive version .
Which country has the most skeptics ? Australia tops name-calling , limited , biased , ambiguous survey !
Graham Readfearn , at Ecowatch , thought the USA would top the list . They were wrong :
Published in the journal Global Environmental Change , the study found that 17 percent of Australians were “ climate skeptics . ”
Norwegians come in second at 15 percent , followed by New Zealanders at 13 percent and then Americans at 12 percent . The UK tied for fifth with Sweden and Finland , where 10 percent of people were skeptics . The lowest ranked country for climate skepticism was Spain , where only two percent of people were classified as climate skeptics .
The real number of skeptics is much higher . A better , more accurate survey in Australia showed that about 53 % of the Australian population are skeptical ; I note they stopped that annual survey after getting these clear results .
This survey of surveys were more ambiguous than usual — “ rising temperatures ” from any cause is now human-made . The surveyors merely asked if you thought “ rising temperatures ” ( magnitude unspecified ) were “ dangerous ” , and so you know what to say , they added “ for the environment ” . All spin and attitude , otherwise meaningless . This is all so horribly confounded :
While the survey did not directly ask people if they accepted the science linking climate change to human activities , the respondents were asked how dangerous rising temperatures would be for the environment .
People who thought rising temperatures were “ not very dangerous ” or “ not dangerous at all ” and who also thought claims about environmental issues were exaggerated were classed as “ climate skeptics. ” While the authors accept in the paper that their approach was limited , they argue that the method enables them to do a valuable comparison of skepticism across countries .
Well that redefines “ skeptic ” somewhat . Anyway… people were more skeptical if their governments were untrustworthy , and if that is the “ driver ” we can thank Rudd and Gillard for Australia 's shining role in this inconsequential meta-survey :
Generally , the study found that climate skepticism tended to be associated with a lack of trust in governments and “ positive attitudes ” towards private enterprise .
Those who can compete and win will want to ; those who ca n't , prefer government-managed redistribution . I 'm not putting a judgement on this , it is simply the way it is .
The group the “ progressives ” now love to hate :
Skeptics also tended to be male and tended to vote conservative .
What about the free will option — where people hear a theory and are unconvinced by irrational , contradictory arguments that break the scientific method . The globe stopped warming and paused when emissions were rising , the drought stopped and the dams filled , and the hotspot was never glimpsed . Children still know what snow is .
Across all countries , the authors wrote that only three factors— “ political orientations ( conservative ) , gender ( male ) and being unconcerned about environmental issues ” —were “ relatively consistent predictors ” of climate change skepticism .
Their cause and effect assumptions are back to front . I used to vote Green back in the days when I was unskeptical . Now I do n't . My skepticism could be considered a “ relatively constant predictor ” of my intention to vote for parties that are unskeptical . With more voters being swinging and less loyal than ever , the old assumptions about people being voters first and thinkers second needs to be reassessed .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ... Rating : 9.2/10 ( 98 votes cast )
Awarded to the best player in the world each year , the FIFA Ballon d'Or throws up its fair share of questions , such as who gets to vote and who draws up the shortlists ? Ahead of next Monday 's glittering Gala in Zurich , FIFA.com addresses those questions and explains how the evening 's other awards are decided on .
Who draws up the final 23-player shortlist for the FIFA Ballon d'Or and the shortlists for the other World Player/Coach of the Year awards ?
The shortlist for the FIFA Ballon d'Or , which is usually announced in October , is drawn up by the members of FIFA 's Football Committee and a panel of experts from France Football . The shortlist of ten candidates for the FIFA Women 's World Player of the Year is compiled by FIFA 's Committee for Women 's Football and the FIFA Women 's World Cup and a group of experts from France Football . The same people also draw up the two shortlists of ten contenders each for the FIFA men 's and women 's football coaches of the year awards . Additionally , the ten goals shortlisted for the FIFA Puskás Award are selected by a panel of experts from the Football Committee .
* So who gets to vote for these awards ? *
Voting for the four players and coaches awards is open to national team coaches , national team captains and journalists around the world , who are named on a list compiled by France Football and FIFA . The votes , which all count equally towards the final result in each category , are totted up by an electronic system monitored by a notary public .
* What is the deadline for voting ? *
Coaches , captains and specialist journalists are informed of the deadline when they are invited to vote . The original deadline for the 2013 vote was 15 November , which FIFA and France Football decided to extend by two weeks to 29 November on account of an insufficient number of votes having been received .
* What steps are taken to protect the integrity of the voting results and compliance with the rules of allocation ? * FIFA and France Football have appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) as independent observers to supervise and monitor the award procedures . PwC records the results and keeps them under lock and key until the evening of the FIFA Ballon d'Or Gala .
How does voting for theFIFA Puskás Award work ? *
The winner of the FIFA Puskás Award is selected by the users of * FIFA.com and Francefootball.fr , who choose their favourite goal from an initial shortlist of ten contenders before the first deadline ( on this occasion 9 December 2013 ) . The three goals receiving the most votes then go forward to the final round , when the votes cast by the users of both sites are added to those obtained by each goal in the first round to decide the overall winner .
And how is the FIFA FIFpro World XI selected ?
Every FIFPro-affiliated player , the numbers of which are approximately 52,000 , is free to vote for any active professional player in the world to make up their ideal XI in a 4-3-3 formation . FIFpro then counts the votes , with the FIFA FIFpro World XI finally being revealed on the day of the FIFA Ballon d'Or Gala .
* How are the FIFA Presidential and Fair Play awards chosen ? *
The winner of the FIFA Presidential Award is decided on by the President of world football 's governing body himself , while the recipient of the FIFA Fair Play award is selected from a list of candidates from the various confederations and proposed by the Committee for Fair Play and Social Responsibility .
Despite being born without half of their left arm , Zach Hodskins will play Division I basketball next year for one of the most successful programs in the country . They committed to Florida on Saturday , ESPN reported .
As a preferred walk on , Hodskins does n't have a scholarship , but their contract guarantees them a spot on the roster . With their school chosen and place secured , their next goal is playing time .
`` At Florida , I 'm going to have every opportunity to get on the floor and play , '' they said . `` The situation was different at Kentucky . ''
Before committing to Florida , Hodskins , whose from Georgia and reportedly had offers from lesser DI programs , considered Kentucky after speaking with head coach John Calipari , according to ESPN . But Kentucky , the preseason No . 1 team , has regularly hauled in the best recruiting class since Calipari 's hiring in 2009 and did so again this year . Hodskins worried he 'd never play on coach Cal 's team of high school all stars and future NBA prospects .
`` I 'm coming on as a preferred walk-on , but I 'll be treated like every other player , '' Hodskins said . `` If I work hard , Coach Donovan told me I 'll have a chance to play . ''
Making Hodskin 's story more remarkable is their size and position . At 6-foot-4 , 200 pounds , he 's big for a guard but he 'll still have to handle the ball a tremendous amount for someone with just a single dribbling hand . Based on their YouTube footage , they ca n't dribble with their left arm , so it remains to be seen how he 'll continue to beat defenders to the right at the DI level - or ever take them left . They do have a nifty behind the back dribble - which starts and ends with their right hand - that is effective in transition .
Hodskin 's shot is smooth ( he uses their shortened left as its guide ) , and he 'll never suffer from anything less than the purest rotation . They jump on their shot , but is restricted from getting too high because of the length of their left arm . According to the The Big Lead , they hit 60 percent of their 3-pointers last season so Hodskins could make their mark at Florida as a 3-point specialist . Most of their points last year were scored behind the arc , including seven 3s in a season-opening , four-point loss , according to Max Preps .
`` He is remarkable , '' their high school coach Van Keys told USA Today in 2012 . `` Watching them play would be amazing anyway because he 's that good , but when you consider what he 's overcome to be so good , it 's almost surreal . ''
The odds will be against Hodskins , which could become their greatest strength . Like one-legged wrestlers and , to a lesser extent , lefthanders in general , Hodskin 's game may be just quirky enough to work , even at the DI level . According to CBS Sports , Hodskins can do at least 10 one-armed pullups .
In an interview on `` Sportscenter '' , Hodskins said the greatest obstacle they had to overcome was people . Billy Donovan wo n't mind having a player like that on their team .
`` I know that people who do n't know me sleep on me when I walk on the court , '' they told USA Today last year . `` They do n't think I can play or they do n't know what to think , but it 's when I hit those first few shots or when I go by them is when they wake up . That 's when they start playing me hard . That 's what I love . I know I 've just earned their respect . That 's all I want .
`` It 's always been my dream growing up , '' they said . `` I never expected it to be like this , but the hard work has paid off . I 'm ecstatic I 'm going to be a Florida Gator . ''
Hodskins wo n't be the only one-armed Division I athlete to debut next season . Shaquill Griffin , also missing the lower half of their left arm , won a scholarship to play cornerback alongside their twin brother Shaquem at Central Florida , according to ESPN . Griffin is also nationally-ranked in the triple jump .
The Supreme Court has refused to grant leave to appeal against a decision of the Court of Appeal dismissing two separate challenges to the same-sex marriage referendum .
In July , the Court of Appeal dismissed the applications for permission to bring petitions challenging the result of the 22 May poll .
Today , the Supreme Court ruled that the Constitutional threshold for leave to appeal had not been met and there was no substance to the points raised .
The court said : `` It would not be necessary in the interests of justice that there be an appeal to the Supreme Court . ''
It also noted that because no stay was placed on the certificate of the referendum result after the Court of Appeal decision , `` very serious constitutional consequences '' might have occurred had it decided to grant leave to appeal .
The court said it highlighted the need for those seeking leave to appeal to address the question of a stay in the lower court .
It added : `` Also relevant is the respect due to the legal process by other organs of the State .
`` In the event , in this case there was no adverse consequence .
`` However , in another situation very serious constitutional consequences might have occurred had this court considered it appropriate to grant leave on any grounds when the certificate had become final and the Constitution amended . ''
Two separate cases challenging the result of the referendum were brought by Gerry Walshe , an electrician , of Lisdeen , Co Clare , and Maurice J Lyons , a gardener , of Callan , Co Kilkenny .
It had been argued that a Supreme Court appeal was warranted because the case was of national public importance as it related to a challenge to the validity of the marriage referendum .
It had been claimed that the State 's use of its organs and resources to promote a particular outcome in relation to the marriage referendum was unconstitutional .
Manziel 's Magic vs. Duke Helps Chick-Fil-A Bowl Earn ESPN 's Highest-Ever Non-BCS Overnight Rating
Based on Nielsen 's overnight ratings , ESPN 's two BCS Bowls on New Year 's Day – the Rose Bowl Game presented by VIZIO and the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl – saw an 13 percent increase in combined average audience with an 9.0 rating . Last year 's two BCS games on January 1 averaged an 8.0 overnight rating ( Rose Bowl , Orange Bowl ) .
The Rose Bowl Game 's 11.2 rating for Michigan State 's 24-20 victory over Stanford was 17 percent higher than the 9.6 a year ago ( Stanford 20 , Wisconsin 14 ) . Detroit , the top-rated market , averaged a 27.9 metered market rating , the highest-rated bowl game ever on the ESPN networks in the market ( records go back to 2000 ) . Los Angeles averaged a 13.2 , the second-highest bowl game ever on the ESPN networks in the market ( The highest was the 2011 BCS Championship in 2011 , 14.6 for the 22-19 Auburn victory over Oregon ) .
The Fiesta Bowl garnered a 7.2 overnight rating for Central Florida upending Baylor 52-42 , up nine percent from the 2013 Orange Bowl , which aired in the corresponding day/time slot ( 6.5 , Florida State defeating Northern Illinois 31-10 ) . Orlando led all markets with a 17.4 , the highest bowl overnight rating ever for an ESPN network in the market .
Chick-Fil-A Bowl Tops All Non-BCS Games in ESPN History
ESPN 's telecast of the Chick-Fil-A Bowl from Atlanta , Tuesday , Dec. 31 , earned a 5.3 overnight rating , the best ever for any ESPN bowl game telecast outside the BCS . The exciting game saw Texas A & M come from behind to edge Duke 52-48 behind the heroics of 2012 Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel – four touchdown passes and one running .
ESPN & the BCS
ESPN 's fourth year of exclusive coverage of the five BCS matchups will continue tonight with the Allstate Sugar Bowl ( Oklahoma vs. Alabama , Thursday , Jan. 2 ) , Discover Orange Bowl ( Clemson vs. Ohio State , Friday , Jan. 3 ) and VIZIO BCS National Championship Game ( No . 1 Florida State vs. No . 2 Auburn , Monday , Jan. 6 ) .
-30-
Think about how annoying it is when one or two of your usual routes is temporarily shut down . That 's happened to every street here — with no end in sight . Car insurance companies are swamped with accident calls . Walking is treacherous : The Massachusetts Avenue Bridge over the Charles River , a major pedestrian artery that links Boston and Cambridge , is still inches deep with snow , but you ca n't reach the railings because they are lined with snowbanks plowed in from earlier blizzards .
Working parents are desperate : When classes were canceled , they had to stay home , leave their kids alone or scramble to find child care . Even when the schools are open , many parents ca n't work a full day : You drop off the child , spend two hours driving to work and have to leave early to get the child before after-school programs close .
But everybody is desperate . We 're all having to spend time and money we do n't have on plowing , car and house repairs , and heating because of the record-low temperatures . People who survive by holding down additional part-time jobs have had to skip those extra shifts .
Businesses have been hammered : Who 's going out to eat , shop or see a movie ? How can businesses manufacture and deliver products or arrange deals if their workers just ca n't show up ? Some companies can let people work from home occasionally , but not every day for a month . Snow-removal services , roofers , chiropractors , and auto mechanics and body shops will profit — but that ca n't possibly make up for what is drained from nearly every other business and household .
And it 's devastating for state and local governments . The City of Boston has spent $ 35 million on snow removal , more than twice what it had budgeted . That does n't include Cambridge or any of the surrounding towns , or the state . It does n't include how much it will cost to repair the devastated roads , sidewalks and bridges that will have been worn away by snow , freezing , salt and rust . Incoming tax revenues will fall because business and personal incomes are down . The state government expects to see a drop of $ 30 million in the next months .
Sure , it 's not the same as an earthquake : The snow will melt , eventually . But that will bring more woes . The flooding will hurt the T , ruin roofs and basements and clog roads still more .
Where are the federal disaster funds , the presidential visit , Anderson Cooper interviewing victims , volunteers flying in , goods and services donated after hurricanes and tornadoes ? The pictures may be pretty . But we need help , now .
It 's snowing as I write this . We 're expecting more , along with freezing rain , this weekend . And the misery wo n't end even when it all melts .
Foto : Index
DVA dana u srcu Poljske čini nam se kao vječnost . Vjerojatno sličan osjećaj `` pere '' i Bilićeve reprezentativce , koji broje dane do početka turnira . Možda i više nego ikada do sada , na jednom turniru ne znamo što možemo očekivati od te Hrvatske .
Vremena za poslovične depresiju i euforiju bit će dovoljno . Za sada , ne mičemo se previše iz hrvatske baze u Warki . Nema nekog posebnog naboja , nismo u Austriji 300 kilometara od kuće . Seoska atmosfera unijela je mir i među reprezentativce , koji su , otkriva nam osoblje , fokusirani isključivo na treninge .
Jednostavno morate vidjeti kako to izgleda kada se Srna i Kranjčar zaigraju više od dječaraca koji su dobili priliku loptati se sa velikim `` facama '' . Srna je nekoliko puta klincu provukao loptu kroz noge i `` odvalio '' , ali ubrzo se i on našao u sredini kruga u `` ševi '' . Zasluženi odmor nakon treninga u vanjskoj sauni , izgrađenom specijalno na njihov zahtjev , nisu omeli ni klikovi objektiva .
Last week , Google teased its modular smartphone , Project Ara , with a video showcasing ultra-customized , ultra-colorful skins for its various modules . Today , we 're getting a different glimpse of how Ara might cater to myriad user needs : A set of conceptual sensors modules that could unlock functionality well beyond what 's possible with today 's smartphones .
The speculative modules were created by Lapka , a company specializing in design-forward sensor-driven hardware . Lapka launched its novel Personal Environment Monitor ( PEM for short ) , in 2012 , making it an early player in the environment-tracking scene that 's continuing to proliferate today . Its latest product is a sleek smartphone-assisted breathalyzer . The company has met with Google and tested out the Ara phone , but this project is entirely Lapka 's own initiative . With the imagined Lapka x Project Ara product line , Ara users would not only have the option to upgrade their smartphones ' cameras , screens , and batteries—they 'd also be able to plug in things like a CO2 monitor or a glucometer .
The concept comprises seven components in all : an air quality sensor , a CO2 monitor , a light sensor , an EKG node that measures heart activity , a glucometer for glucose tracking , a breathalyzer , and a “ soul ” module . ( It 's anyone 's guess what that last one will do—Lapka has n't supplied any details . ) The idea is to use Ara 's modular platform to expand beyond traditional smartphone functionality—and the traditional aesthetic of diagnostic devices . With Lapka , a Project Ara device could become a mobile doctor 's office , a meteorology station , or a lab technician 's assistant . `` Our idea is to create and establish a health care brand , '' says Vadik Marmeladov , creative director at Lapka . `` We think style is super important . It 's the only way people will use medical devices at their own will . ''
Lapka 's PEM monitor from 2012 , left , and Lapka 's vision for Google Ara phones , right . Lapka
Lapka predates Project Ara , but you can see a kinship to Ara in the company 's early work . PEM 's square and rectangular pieces were designed to fit together into a rectangular puzzle , not unlike Ara 's electromagnetically-attachable modules . But the Ara concept work stakes out its own striking aesthetic : Modules are green , pink , spackled , and sharply geometric . According to Lapka 's blog , the architectural pieces were inspired by “ high-end , designer sneakers with the most unique combinations of materials and textures. ” They also harken back to the Memphis design movement that came out Milan in the 1980s , whose furniture favored loud colors , sharp angles , and unapologetic geometry .
The Project Ara vision is one where gadgets become increasingly personal . It takes customization beyond changing your lock screen or switching up your case . Lapka 's work shows a different side of Ara 's potential , one where fashion and technology coexist . `` All these companies like Zara , H & M , who collaborate with Margiela or Alexander Wang , they create this limited edition that can be sold globally , '' Marmeladov says . `` This could also work in the tech industry . Lapka could be the high-end fashion brand , where we work with Google to create these because Google is so big that they ca n't make the product this brave or colorful . So they can use boutique brands like ours to come up with these ideas . ''
These modules are n't meant for everyone , but that would be the point . They 're designed for highly specific use cases and tastes . They hint at a future in which modular gadgets do n't just change the face of smartphones , but perhaps medical devices , scientific instruments , and educational tools , too .
“ We are five days away from fundamentally transforming the United States of America , ” declared Barack Obama during a campaign stop on Oct. 30 , 2008 , five days before the election that would make them the most powerful man in the world .
The concept of “ fundamental transformation ” has been discussed vigorously since then , especially in light of the many sweeping changes Obama brought to the country over their eight years in office .
Historian Charles Sasser sees Obama 's “ fundamental transformation ” in the context of an older and more sinister plan articulated by a pair of Marxist activists nearly 50 years ago .
“ What we 're seeing now is this fundamental transformation , and it goes all the way back to [ Herbert ] Marcuse , ” Sasser said during a recent appearance on the “ Prophecy Hour ” radio program . “ In the 1960s when they [ Marcuse ] was talking about the ‘ long march through the institutions , ' this is what Obama was talking about – the fundamental transformation of America . ”
The “ long march through the institutions ” was coined by student activist Rudi Dutschke in the late 1960s to describe their strategy for bringing about the conditions for a Marxist revolution in the United States .
The plan was for Marxists to infiltrate all of America 's major institutions – politics , the news media , the education system , the churches , the entertainment industry – and slowly subvert those institutions from within , thereby subverting America .
Marcuse , a prominent Marxist intellectual associated with the Frankfurt School , agreed with Dutschke 's strategy and brought it to wider attention in their 1972 book “ Counterrevolution and Revolt . ”
Sasser , author of the brand-new book “ Crushing the Collective : The Last Chance to Keep America Free and Self-Governing , ” pointed out Hillary Clinton has expressed shades of this idea as well . During a 2015 speech , the soon-to-be Democratic presidential nominee declared , “ Deep-seated cultural codes , religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed . ”
The imposition of political correctness is an integral part of this long march through the institutions , according to Sasser . Viewed from this perspective , the march is making excellent progress in certain areas .
“ Let 's look at our education , ” Sasser said . “ We 've got safe spaces ; we 've got all these people who refuse to listen to anyone who has an opinion different from their own . They will riot , break windows , everything else to keep people from free speech . ”
Get Charles Sasser 's “ Crushing the Collective : The Last Chance to Keep America Free and Self-Governing ” today at the WND Superstore !
The Marxists are also slowly but surely undermining Christianity , according to Sasser .
“ In 2012 , when Obama was nominated for a second term , the Democratic National Committee took God out of their platform , and when someone proposed that they put God back in the platform , the entire stadium [ at the Democratic National Convention ] booed the idea of putting God in the platform , ” they recalled .
“ Now , look a few months later : There was a prayer at an abortion rally , and they prayed to God for God to help on abortions . ”
The radical leftists are subverting the political arena as well . In “ Crushing the Collective ” Sasser reveals a long list of organizations through which “ socialist and authoritarian radicals ” are working to undermine America .
This includes Socialist International , whose leadership includes or has included Democratic Party figures such as Howard Dean , Madeleine Albright and Tom Daschle .
It includes the Congressional Progressive Caucus , founded by admitted socialist Bernie Sanders . The CPC included 83 Democratic House members in 2010 .
Sasser also singles out the Institute for Policy Studies , an old and influential far-left think tank whose membership has included many current and former members of congress , including Leon Panetta , Obama 's defense secretary and CIA director .
“ Socialist International , the Progressive Party – look at the Progressive Party a little closer , ” Sasser urged the “ Prophecy Hour ” audience . “ Progressive Democrats of America , the Congressional Progressive Caucus – look at how many of those people in there are socialists and Marxists . Nobody wants to do that because it 's politically incorrect to say anything about it . ”
So , what can Americans do to beat back the long Marxist march ? Sasser is not optimistic ; they do not believe conservatives can ever take back the cultural institutions now that those institutions have succumbed to the left .
Nor do they believe a single American president can stop the long march . Not even Ronald Reagan could stop it .
“ Reagan was successful in what they did , but then as soon as they were gone , the march through the institutions continued , and I think we 're going to see the same thing now , ” Sasser commented .
They noted the radical left is stronger than ever , and they seem to sense that .
“ Obama said , ‘ Now is our time . ' ” Sasser said . “ Yes , now is their time . They think that they have the upper hand , that they can make America socialist , and I think they 're going to do that because we do n't fight back . We 're afraid to say anything because of political correctness . ”
Sasser , who has spent much of their life studying history , knows societies that fall as far into the clutches of collectivism as the U.S. has do not bounce back well . They may survive , but in a diminished form . Italy is still around , for example , but it is nothing like the Roman Empire . Iran is a regional power , but it is not as prestigious as the great Persian empires of the past .
“ I want to believe that Trump may be another Reagan , that we may have a chance , ” they said . “ But then I look at the institutions . Like Newt Gingrich said , once they own the cultural institutions , they 're impossible to regain , and if they own all of the institutions , including many of our churches right now , if they do that we ca n't retake them if we ca n't crush this idea of the collective . ”
Get Charles Sasser 's “ Crushing the Collective : The Last Chance to Keep America Free and Self-Governing ” today at the WND Superstore !
SuperData Research has broken down the numbers on a chaotic year for the gaming industry that has nevertheless proved indefatigable to the world 's fastest growing entertainment medium .
Gaming brought in $ 91 billion over the course of 2016 , $ 41 billion of which was due to the continued surge of mobile gaming . While the core market continues to scoff at what is generally considered a “ casual ” market , the Pokémon Go phenomenon and the burgeoning competitive Clash Royale scene has proved the most valuable injection of cash that gaming at large has ever seen . In response , the mobile gaming space has continued to mature into a viable platform for bigger titles , driven by higher production values and increased marketing investments .
But it 's not just mobile titles that have drawn a significant benefit from an increasingly digital marketplace . Console gamers pushed $ 6.6 billion in direct download revenue , exchanging “ brick-and-mortar ” outlets for the convenience of services like PSN and Xbox Live . Though GameStop and similar locations have suffered the brunt of this shift toward entirely virtual goods , it represents a much higher profit margin for publishers and developers alike . Additionally , the increased connectivity represents an ever-widening market for post-purchase downloadable content .
The PC market is flourishing , and bigger than it 's ever been . League of Legends and Overwatch have led the way toward a whopping $ 34 billion — eclipsing every console combined , and second only to the mobile gaming behemoth . Major advances in graphics hardware have seen performance increases of up to 40 % , while power consumption decreased by roughly 20 % .
One of the central themes of 2016 has been an increased focus on eSports events . While comparatively small , the $ 892 million generated by professional competitive gaming represents massive potential gains for companies scrambling to get in on the ground floor . ESPN and Disney are just two of a long list of companies making significant investments in the future of virtual competition .
The only bad news comes from the virtual reality market . Prohibitively expensive hardware , lackluster software , and retail difficulties have combined to dissuade consumers from early adoption of the technology . Oculus has struggled more than anyone , but the experience of companies like Sony and HTC have yet to hit their stride . 2017 will be a year of vicious competition for the infant market .
And that 's the year . Despite — or perhaps because of — massive social , political , and economic upheaval , electronic escapism has never been more profitable . And the stage is set for 2017 to be even bigger , with mid-generation console hardware , price decreases on dramatic performance improvements for PC gamers , and mass eSports broadcasting becoming the new norm . One thing 's for certain : Gaming has moved from the basement to the town square , and it 's only gaining momentum .
Follow Nate Church @ Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology , and snarky opinions on both .
Each state has to submit a plan to the U.S. Department of Education for how it will meet the requirements of the Every Student Succeeds Act . Seventeen states have already done so ; state Superintendent Chris Reykdal will submit Washington 's plan on Sept. 18 .
At the end of the No-Child-Left-Behind era , nearly every Washington school was labeled as “ failing . ”
When the new federal K-12 education law — called the Every Student Succeeds Act ( ESSA ) — takes effect this coming school year , parents wo n't receive letters that their child 's school “ needs improvement ” because the school did n't meet federal test-score targets , like some did before . Under ESSA , there are no federal test-score targets .
That 's just one of the many changes coming as ESSA replaces No Child Left Behind , which was enacted in 2002 . ESSA provides states with much more flexibility to come up with how they will measure student progress and hold schools and districts accountable for that progress , or lack of progress . Each state has to submit a plan to the U.S. Department of Education for how it will meet the requirements of the federal law . Seventeen states have already done so ; state Superintendent Chris Reykdal will submit Washington 's plan on Sept. 18 .
The state superintendent 's office ( OSPI ) is seeking comments on the plan , which was released Aug. 7 , before sending it to the education department . Washington residents can submit comments through Sept. 5 .
The newly released plan is the state 's second draft . Then-state-Superintendent Randy Dorn decided in November 2016 to delay submission to give the public more time to weigh in on the plan . The added time for public comments was praised by advocacy organizations like OneAmerica , who provided feedback on how the plan should address discipline rates and academic progress for English-language learners . The ESSA leadership team received hundreds of comments from Washington residents .
“ Given that this is a civil-rights piece of legislation , it was important that communities , particularly communities of color , were at the table , ” said Roxana Norouzi , deputy director of OneAmerica .
It 's important to get feedback on the different ways schools will be assessed , because how the state evaluates schools is a significant departure from No Child Left Behind , said Gayle Pauley , OSPI assistant superintendent for special programs and federal accountability .
While the No Child Left Behind law has been credited by some groups with helping close some gaps in achievement between different groups of students , such as ethnic groups or special-education students and their classmates , critics said it had a “ one-size-fits-all ” approach to education across the nation . Another criticism was that it focused too much on testing as the only way to measure if schools were successful .
Washington state U.S. Sen. Patty Murray said the fallout from No Child Left Behind was one of the motivations for working to replace the law . They worked with Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander from Tennessee for more than a year to craft a bipartisan compromise , ESSA .
What 's changing ? A whole lot . Here 's a before-and-after look at some of the aspects of how Washington has proposed the federal law be implemented here :
How schools are evaluated
Before : Schools were expected to meet Adequate Yearly Progress ( AYP ) , which was based on test scores . To meet AYP , a certain percentage of students in a school or district needed to pass the state 's reading and math exams each year . The results were also broken down into different categories like racial groups , low-income and special education . If one subgroup did n't meet its goals for how many students passed the tests , the entire school or district was labeled as failing to meet AYP .
“ That was the downfall of No Child Left Behind , ” said Michael Stone , Seattle Public Schools ' director of grants and strategic partnerships . “ Everyone was shoved into one box . ”
After : The change in accountability is big . Adequate Yearly Progress is gone , and in its place are each state 's own accountability system for how it measures schools . Washington will use a 1-10 scale — other states have opted for different methods , like A-F — to identify schools that need support . Elementary and middle schools will be measured on math and reading test scores , academic growth , English-language-learner progress and chronic-absenteeism rates . High schools will also be measured on test scores , English-language-learner progress and chronic absenteeism , as well as graduation rates , ninth-grade academic achievement and dual-credit opportunities .
Every state has to choose at least one “ nonacademic ” measure . Washington 's are chronic absenteeism , ninth-grade academic achievement and dual-credit opportunities . Other states have opted for different indicators . Connecticut 's plan , for example , includes postsecondary entrance rates and access to arts education .
Washington 's accountability system is strong , said Brandon Wright , editorial director at the Thomas B. Fordham Institute , a conservative-leaning education nonprofit . The Fordham Institute looked at each of the 17 states that have already submitted plans and rated each based on whether it has clear labels , a focus on all students — not just low-performing students — and fairly measures each school . After reading Washington 's plan , Wright said the state would receive a high rating in each category .
Testing
Before : Students were tested each year in math and reading in grades three through eight and once in high school . They were also tested in science in fifth and eighth grades .
After : The amount of testing remains the same , and starting in 2018 , 11th-grade students will also take science tests . But scores are n't the only way that schools are evaluated . In Washington 's ESSA plan , schools will still be measured by standardized tests , but will include other criteria , as mentioned above .
Low-performing schools
Before : Schools were considered low performing if they did n't meet Adequate Yearly Progress . Title I school — buildings that have a high percentage of low-income students — that did n't meet AYP were threatened with sanctions like loss of funding and school closures . Those schools had to set aside federal money for private tutoring and bus costs for students who wanted to transfer .
After : Title I School that have a weighted score — which includes both assessments and other criteria — at the bottom 5 percent across all student groups will be labeled a comprehensive school . In addition to those schools , any high school with less than a 67 percent graduation rate will also be labeled a school in need of comprehensive support .
The past education law took more of a “ shame-and-blame approach ” with schools , the state Board of Education said , whereas ESSA 's approach is to identify a low-performing school and provide support .
But some schools might have just one specific subgroup of students that does n't meet standards . Those schools will be labeled a targeted school . A school may appear to be doing well across the board , for example , but a deeper dive into the demographics may show that its Native students have much lower scores or high-absence rates . Targeted schools will receive more money and coaching to improve outcomes in that group .
Student groups with low academic achievement wo n't be overlooked like they may have been in the past , said Pauley , from the state superintendent 's office .
Academic goals
Before : No Child Left Behind set a goal that all students pass their state 's reading and math tests by 2014 . No state reached that goal .
After : Washington has set a goal that each subgroup has a math and reading proficiency rate and a graduation rate of at least 90 percent by the 2026-27 school year . Each subgroup , in each school , will have annual targets to meet that goal .
In order to meet the reading-proficiency goal , for example , the rate statewide will have to increase by 2.8 percentage points each year . For special-education students , the annual improvement will need to be 6.6 percentage points . Hispanic students will need to increase passage rates by 4.5 percentage points each year .
The projected graduation rate for 2017 for all students is 79.1 percent , so the graduation rate will have to increase by 1.1 percentage points each year to reach 90 percent by 2027 . The goals for some subgroups are more ambitious : The graduation rate for students with disabilities and English-language learners will have to climb 3.2 percentage points every year in order to reach the 90 percent target .
Swift Benchmark Suite now Available February 8 , 2016
Apple 's Swift Team is happy to announce that Swift 's benchmark suite is now open source .
The suite contains source code for benchmarks , libraries , and utilities designed to help track Swift performance and catch performance regressions before they are committed , including :
75 benchmarks covering a number of important Swift workloads
Libraries providing commonly needed benchmarking functions
A driver for running benchmarks and displaying performance metrics
A utility for comparing benchmark metrics across Swift versions
We look forward to working with the Swift community to make Swift as fast as possible !
Building and Running Benchmarks
Contributors to the Swift project are encouraged to run Swift 's benchmark suite against their changes before requesting pull requests in order to catch potential performance regressions . Instructions for building and running Swift benchmarks are available in swift/benchmark/README.md .
In the future , we are planning to add support to Swift 's continuous integration system for running benchmarks on pull requests .
Contributing Benchmarks and Improvements
Contributions to Swift 's benchmark suite are welcome ! Pull requests for new benchmarks covering performance critical workloads , additions to benchmark helper libraries , and other improvements are encouraged . Please note that Swift 's benchmark suite shares the Swift project 's license , so we are unable to accept Swift ports of benchmarks covered under other licenses . Additional information about the suite and instructions on adding benchmarks are available in swift/benchmark/README.md .
The one per cent 's counter-revolution against protests has begun , and 'it will be beyond ruthless ' [ GALLO/GETTY ]
Here 's a crash course on global finance 2.0 . The debt is in the Atlanticist , wealthy North . The resources are in the global South . And the ( reluctant ) supreme banker of the last resort is the Middle Kingdom , as personified by the Almighty Hu ( Jintao ) .
The name of the game - Marx revisited by Occupy the World - is class struggle . It 's casino capitalism , aka finance turbo-neoliberalism , as practiced by a liquid modernity elite of one per cent , versus the have-a-little-something , have-nots and have-nothing , aka the 99 per cent .
There could not be a more graphic demonstration than last week 's Greek tragedy takeover of the Cannes debt festival of Slavoj Zizek 's thesis that the marriage of capitalism and democracy is over .
If there is something capable of terminally terrorising the European Union ( EU ) oligarchy it is the concept of a popular referendum .
How dare you consult the `` rabble '' about our Austerity Forever policy , the only one capable of satisfying the financial markets !
This is enough to make unelected zombies such as European Central Bank ( ECB ) President Mario Draghi ( formerly vice-president of Goldman Sachs International ) , European Council President Herman van Rompuy ( member of the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderberg club ) and European Commission ( EC ) head Joao Manuel Barroso to dream of a drone-heavy , Special Forces-filled , NATO no-fly zone to enforce their will .
Surrender or else
The made in Frankfurt ECB screenplay is brought to you by the TINA ( `` there is no alternative '' ) school . The dull , monochromatic action predictably mixes savage privatisations with social devastation .
`` Democratic '' Europe functions just like in good old Brezhnev times ; a troika - IMF , ECB , UE - exercising totalitarian rule , even if in a shambolic way .
`` 'Merkozy ' - that mongrel/robotic cross-pollination ... can only emit a baleful cry : 'Coon ... traaaact ' . ''
`` Merkozy '' - that mongrel/robotic cross-pollination of German Prime Minister Angela Merkel and neo-Napoleonic French President Nicolas Sarkozy - can emit only a baleful cry : `` Coon .... traaact '' . `` Coon ... traaaact '' - as in EU-prescribed endless monetary and fiscal contraction .
It does n't matter that Italy has a primary surplus . It does n't matter that Italy 's combined private and public debt is 250 per cent of its GDP - much lower than France , the UK , the US and Japan .
Italy is now under the volcano because the EU `` Cooon ... traaact '' monster has thrown it into recession .
And regime change wo n't make it any less different .
No wonder the top candidate for succeeding Prime Minister Silvio `` bunga bunga '' Berlusconi is Mario Monti ; a former top director at the EC , European president of the Trilateral Commission and a member of the Bilderberg group . Yet another quintessential one per cent luminary .
`` Europe '' - as in a sub-sect of Franco-German oligarchies - thought the eurozone could be saved by the Orwellian-named European Financial Stability Facility ( EFSF ) .
But now even that blob - which is nothing but a bunch of `` guarantees '' lavished on a shell company in Luxembourg - is about to be devoured by the Supreme Zombie , the God of the Market .
So a monster bailout fund set up as a Goldman Sachs-style racket now risks being in dire need of a bailout itself . You ca n't make this stuff up - even in Hollywood .
Meanwhile , the IMF 's bag lady , the sartorially irreprehensible Christine Lagarde , is currently hitting BRICS members Russia and China for some pocket money .
But Madame Lagarde , mired in soliloquy with their Dior buttons , knows very well this wo n't fly , and it wo n't be enough to `` save '' the model the IMF , the ECB and `` Merkozy '' insist on applying .
Look South , young man
The global indignados - from Greece and Spain to the US and beyond - at least are very much aware of the one per cent 's machinations .
As in learning about the astonishing performance of Goldman Sachs ' commodities index - the top traded across the world . This quintessential one per cent index doubles and even triples the cost of wheat , rice and corn , thus plunging hundreds of millions among the 99 per cent across the globe into terminal hunger .
How not to think that another world must be possible ?
The only solution to the recession the one per cent can come up with is austerity for the 99 per cent [ GALLO/GETTY ]
The Occupy the World 99 per cent are dreamers in a very May 1968 sense - `` be realist , demand the impossible '' . Dreamers in a refreshingly horizontal - not vertical or pyramidal - way .
They want to rescue politics - when politicians have lost all legitimacy - as a debate of ideas , not egos or ideology . The pathetic G20 farce last week showed once again they 're right .
They want a Republic of common sense . They want a popular assembly in every neighbourhood and every village . Against money as a moral value and casino finance as an irate God , they want to rescue the power of collective intelligence .
What they need now is to reach critical mass all across the world .
In a sense , it 's as if there 's been a collective reading of Albert Camus 's The Rebel , published six decades ago . The one per cent of the time very much despised what they saw as a little Algerian , son of a domestic worker and without a diploma , posing as a philosopher .
But way before the Google and Twitter generation Camus showed how revolt inevitably migrates from the individual to a collective response , enshrined in their beautiful formulation `` I revolt , therefore we are '' .
Yet make no mistake . Turbo-capital 's one per cent counter-revolution is already on - and it will be beyond ruthless . History shows that every crisis of capitalism is `` solved '' by outright repression .
What 's pressing is the search for effective strategies . This includes everything from calls for a general strike to the debate preceding the creation of new political groups .
We are all responsible
South America , which has outlived torrents of IMF 's dreadful `` structural adjustments '' and is now slowly forging its integration and independence , always denied by the neocolonial one per cent and their local satraps , can be quite helpful .
In a very enlightening discussion with leaders of the Brazilian MST - the Landless Peasant Movement , one of the most important social movements in the world - they explained to me how they have adjusted from fighting for an agrarian reform to fighting a much more nuanced battle against the current , powerful transnational agro-business interests who have forged an intricate alliance with the Lula government .
`` [ For the ] irresponsible citizenship ... the exercise of political rights is just a ceremony of renouncing political will . '' - Alvaro Garcia Linera
This shows how even a broad social movement with an enormous popular base has to be constantly calibrating its strategic struggle .
On a parallel front , there must be an urgent English translation of La Potencia Plebeya ( `` The Plebeian Power '' ) , a collection of essays by Bolivian vice-president Alvaro Garcia Linera , one of the most crucial intellectuals at work in Latin America .
Linera essentially charges how the one per cent and its minions have `` sold '' the concept of public interest as a separate sphere of civil society . And how civil society can only exist as political if subordinated to mediators or political priests .
This , Linera argues , is an archaism that goes back to Hobbes and Montesquieu . And the 99 per cent should be aware of it - and fight it .
Linera coins the concept of `` irresponsible citizenship '' to describe the discombobulated voting masses under the spell of a neoliberal farce .
For the `` irresponsible citizenship '' , the `` exercise of political rights is just a ceremony of renouncing political will , and will to govern , to place it in the hands of a new caste of private proprietors of politics , which attribute to themselves the knowledge of sophisticated and impenetrable techniques of ruling and governing '' .
So the crucial fight is against these `` private proprietors of politics '' - and their one per cent masters , be it in Cairo or Manhattan , Madrid or Lahore . G20 ? Forget it ; it 's more like G7 billion . If we are truly indignados towards a system that must be toppled , we are all responsible .
Pepe Escobar is the roving correspondent for Asia Times . Their latest book is named Obama Does Globalistan ( Nimble Books , 2009 ) .
The views expressed in this article are the author 's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera 's editorial policy .
The government of the Philippines has received a $ 1.97 million from the U.S. for reef damage caused when the former mine countermeasures ( MCM ) ship Guardian ( MCM-5 ) ran aground in early 2013 , according to a Tuesday statement from the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs .
“ The compensation will be utilized for the protection and rehabilitation of Tubbataha Reef Natural Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Portions of the fund will also be used to further enhance capability to monitor the area and prevent similar incidents in the future , ” the statement read .
“ In addition to the compensation received , the U.S. government is also providing additional assistance to the Philippine Coast Guard to upgrade the PCG Substation in Tubbataha . ”
View Guardian Salvage in a larger map
The ship was grounded on Jan. 17 , 2013 and resulted in a two months long process of removing the MCM from the Tubbataha reef which resulted in Guardian 's decommissioning and subsequent scrapping .
A report on the grounding found “ this tragic mishap was wholly preventable and was the product of poor voyage planning , poor execution , and unfortunate circumstances . This investigation uncovers no single point of failure ; instead , there were numerous links in the error chain leading up to the grounding . Had any one of which been appropriately addressed , the grounding would have been prevented . ”
Natural American Spirit has discovered how to gain market share ; tout the organic , all-natural status of its product.It must be healthier , right ? Not when it comes to cigarettes , but it has been very good strategy for the company to do what organic food and soap corporations have done so well - frame the discussion so that their process seems physically and ethically superior to `` conventional . `` There was a time when critics who were worried about corporate denial of science and health facts would claim a technique was 'right out of the Big Tobacco playbook ' , but that analogy seems anachronistic to modern sensibilities who grew up at a time when tobacco companies fund anti-smoking PSAs and alternatives . Instead , cigarettes makers are now using tactics 'right out of the Big Organic playbook ' : Invoke a health halo , then charge a premium of 20 to 25 percent.The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has sent warning letters to Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co. and two others about using terms like `` natural '' to imply healthier . That the Food and Drug Administration finally seems a little irked by this leads to an obvious question : What took them so long ? Santa Fe has been saying that since 1982 . It took a new national advertising campaign - Sports Illustrated , TIME and Vanity Fair , among others are happy to take Big Tobacco money - for the FDA to do what they have been saying they would do since the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 gave them the authority.We 're on their side , so we do n't want to be too mean , but why did it take six years ? In the Winston-Salem Journal , American Council on Science and Health Senior Director of Medicine and Public Health Dr. Gil Ross said , “ Any reasonable person who happens to be a smoker or is contemplating becoming one would clearly infer that such claims indicate a ‘ healthier ' or less-harmful cigarette , which is certainly not true. ” Republished from American Council on Science and Health . Read the original article here
$ \begingroup $
Found this via Reddit . Here 's my writeup of the solution .
The strategy involves the axiom of choice like so : the mathematicians group sequences of real numbers such that two sequences are in the same group if and only if they agree on all but the first few terms . For example , ( pi , e , sqrt ( 2 ) ,2^ ( 4/3 ) ,1,4,1,5,9 ... ) and ( ln ( 2 ) , phi , -7.8,3,1,4,1,5,9 , ... ) are in the same group , assuming that they both keep repeating the final digits of pi in their sequence .
The Axiom of Choice is required to choose an arbitrary representative from each group . For example , I can choose ( 1.49,3 , -cos ( 4 ) ,3,1,4,1,5,9 , ... ) to represent the group I described above , but since there 's infinitely many groups and I only have a finite amount of space to describe my strategy , I must appeal to the Axiom of Choice to produce a `` choice function '' that tells me which representative should be chosen from each of the groups .
Now I 'll describe the plan . Let 's say I 'm mathematician # 1 . I 'm going to open every box except 1 , 101 , 201 , 301 , and so on . Meanwhile mathematician # 2 will open every box except 2 , 102 , 202 , 302 , etc. , and in general mathematician # $ n $ will open every box except $ 100k+n $ .
Back to me . I know what 's inside the boxes that my buddy in room 2 did n't open . Let 's suppose the numbers are :
2 - > 1739218.33
102 - > sqrt ( 5 ) -sqrt ( 2 )
202 - > Arctan ( 37.238 )
302 - > 382
402 - > -832.019
502 - > 4
602 - > 1
702 - > 5
802 - > 9
etc .
Okay , I know the group that falls in . ( Coincidentally , it 's the group I talked about above . ) I 'm going to write a note that it started matching the representative from box $ 602 $ onward . Let 's write that note like this : `` x ( 2 ) =6 '' . I 'll repeat that process for # 3 , noting `` x ( 3 ) =5 '' for box $ 503 $ , and for # 4 , perhaps I note that `` x ( 4 ) =7 '' for box $ 704 $ , and so on .
What I 've done is defined $ x ( m ) $ for $ m\in\ { 2 , \dots,100\ } $ to be the first box that disagrees with the associated representative given by the Axiom of Choice . However , I do n't know the value of $ x ( 1 ) $ since I have n't opened boxes $ 1,101,201 , \dots $ yet .
What I can do though is let $ y ( 1 ) = max ( x ( 2 ) , x ( 3 ) , ... ) +1 $ be larger than all the observed numbers . It just so happened that $ x ( 4 ) =7 $ was the biggest , so $ y ( 1 ) =8 $ .
It 's finally time to open most of the remaining boxes . I 'll open all the boxes in my sequence $ 1 , 101 , 201 , \dots $ , starting with the box given by $ y ( 1 ) =8 $ : box $ 801 $ . ( Since $ y ( 1 ) $ has to be at least $ 1 $ , this strategy always leaves at least box $ 001 $ closed . ) Let 's see what I got :
1 - > ? ? ?
101 - > ? ? ?
...
701 - > ? ? ?
801 - > 7pi+sqrt ( 3 )
901 - > 2
1001 - > 8
1101 - > 4
etc .
Seeing those last digits , I know enough to figure out which group it belongs to : the group with representative ( e,2,7,1,8,2,8,1,8,2,8,4,6 , ... ) .
I now know enough to make my guess . I 'm going to use the representative , and pick the box given by $ y ( 1 ) -1=7 $ , which is the maximum value of $ \ { x ( 2 ) , x ( 3 ) , \dots\ } $ ( which we said was $ x ( 4 ) $ in this example ) . In this case , the seventh entry is $ 1 $ ( note that we 're zero-indexing so that the first entry goes with box $ 001 $ ) . So I 'll guess that box $ 701 $ contains $ 1 $ .
Of course , mathematician # $ n $ will do exactly the same thing by considering the values of $ \ { x ( 1 ) , \dots , x ( n-1 ) , x ( n+1 ) , \dots , x ( 100 ) \ } $ , computing $ y ( n ) $ , and so on . Now , I need to prove to you that these strategies work .
To do this , I just need to prove that if I 'm wrong , then everyone else is right ! ( 99/100 ai n't bad , according to the rules . )
Okay , I 'm wrong , so what happened ? Obviously , the box given by $ y ( 1 ) -1 $ did n't match the Axiom of Choice 's representative . That means that $ x ( 1 ) > y ( 1 ) -1 $ , since $ x ( 1 ) $ is the number for which every other mathematician knew the boxes from that point forward matched the Axiom of Choice 's representative .
With this information , I realize something . $ y ( 1 ) -1\geq x ( n ) $ for every other number n , since $ y ( 1 ) $ is defined to be the maximum of the $ x ( n ) $ plus one ! So here 's what I now know :
$ x ( n ) \leq y ( 1 ) -1 < x ( 1 ) $
This is great news . Everyone else defined $ y ( n ) $ knowing $ x ( 1 ) $ , and $ x ( 1 ) $ has just been shown to be bigger than the other $ x ( n ) $ . So :
$ x ( n ) \leq y ( 1 ) -1 < x ( 1 ) < x ( 1 ) +1=y ( n ) $
So , for each mathematician # $ n $ , all boxes $ x ( 1 ) $ and onward match the representative given by the Axiom of Choice . Every mathematician # $ n $ opened $ x ( 1 ) +1 $ onward , and guessed the choice function 's $ x ( 1 ) $ entry for the $ x ( 1 ) $ box , which has to match up !
Thus , if I 'm wrong , everyone else has to be right . And that beats the game .
SHELBY COUNTY , Alabama -- Three Libertarian Party candidates will appear on Shelby County ballots for the Nov. 4 general election after receiving confirmation they have met state requirements .
Shelby County Probate Judge Jim Fuhrmeister in a letter dated Monday notified the Libertarian Party of Alabama about the candidates ' approval .
The Libertarian Party candidates appearing on Shelby County ballots will be Kenneth Bailey running for sheriff , Shane Carlisle for coroner and James Sullivan seeking the office of property tax commissioner .
The Libertarian Party of Alabama is reporting that Sullivan is not seeking the office .
Previously qualifying for the general election ballot for the offices were Republican candidates John Samaniego running for sheriff and incumbents Shelby County Coroner Diana Steele New and Shelby County Property Tax Commissioner Don Armstrong .
Samaniego earned the party 's nomination after beating out three other candidates in the primary race to replace Sheriff Chris Curry , who is not seeking re-election . New and Armstrong had been running unopposed .
`` After reviewing the Petitions filed by the Libertarian Party for minor party ballot access , I have found that the Petitions meet the requirements of Alabama law for ballot access , '' Fuhrmeister wrote in the letter to Leigh LaChine , chair of the Libertarian Party of Alabama .
Bailey in an interview today said they are running for sheriff to address crime concerns in Shelby County . They cited statistics that the Shelby County Sheriff 's Office is solving about 50 percent of its investigations while heroin deaths have increased 1,750 percent over the past few years .
`` To me , as a law enforcement officer , that 's ridiculous and needs to be changed , and I feel like I 'm the man for the job , '' Bailey said .
Bailey , 49 , has been working as a Jefferson County Sheriff 's deputy for the last 10 years . They retired from the Air Force in August 2013 after 25 and a half years of service .
Bailey was born and raised in Birmingham , and they have lived with their family in Shelby County for 16 years . Their wife of 29 years is Cynthia and they have three children .
For more information about Bailey , visit their website at http : //bthesheriff.com/ or their Facebook page .
Reporter 's note : Updated at 11:15 a.m. on Aug. 7 , 2014 , to include information that James Sullivan is not running for property tax commissioner , according to the Libertarian Party .
Welp , apparently Ohio State was n't done . Montclair , New Jersey defensive end Darius Slade has signed with Ohio State today , according to their head coach , John Fiore . Ohio State would n't confirm the signing just yet , but it appears it 's a matter of `` when '' and not `` if . ''
`` It will happen today , '' a source close to the program told Eleven Warriors . `` It 's a matter of logistics . ''
Slade however , confirmed their commitment to 11W via Facebook . ( Full Commitment Story Here . )
`` Yes , I signed with Ohio State , '' they said . Signing without visiting is rare , but Slade still expects to visit Columbus officially next weekend .
Slade , committed to Nebraska initially before switching to Michigan State just about a month ago , surprised many this morning when it was announced that he 'd not be signing with the Spartans , electing to wait and schedule an official visit to Ohio State . Apparently this afternoon the Spartans issued an ultimatum to Slade , suggesting they needed to sign with MSU or find another option , and they have found another option , Ohio State .
The Darius Slade File
Size : 6-5/238
6-5/238 Pos : DE
DE School : Montclair ( Montclair , N.J . )
Montclair ( Montclair , N.J. ) Composite Rating : ★★★
★★★ Composite Rank : 30 ( SSDE )
The Buckeyes gain their second pure defensive end in the class with a 6-foot-5 , 238 pound edge rusher that set New Jersey records in their senior year with 23 quarterback sacks . Slade 's cousin , former Penn State defensive lineman Jared Odrick , played for new Buckeye defensive line coach Larry Johnson , Sr. , and it was that relationship which turned Slade 's interest from the Buckeyes into something to look closely at .
`` That was all Larry Johnson , '' one Buckeye source said .
Eleven Warriors will have more on this signing as it becomes available . Welcome to the `` Dream '14 , '' Darius Slade .
The knife , designed for use by Swiss soldiers , is now universally popular
By Imogen Foulkes
BBC News , Geneva
In Switzerland , there is a saying that every good Swiss citizen has one in their or their pocket . It is an object that is recognised all over the world , and it is globally popular . But the Swiss army knife had humble beginnings , and , at the start , it was n't even red . In the late 19th Century , the Swiss army issued its soldiers with a gun which required a special screwdriver to dismantle and clean it . Carl Elsener senior came up with the knife 's original simple design At the same time , tinned food was becoming common in army rations . Swiss generals decided to issue each soldier with a standard knife . It was a life-saver for Swiss knife makers , who were , at the time , struggling to compete with cheaper German imports . `` My great-grandfather started a small business in 1884 , 125 years ago , '' explains Carl Elsener , head of the Swiss knife manufacturer Victorinox . `` He was making knives for farmers , for in the kitchen and so on , and then they heard that the Swiss army wanted a knife for every Swiss soldier . '' Carl Elsener senior seized that opportunity with both hands , and designed a knife that the army loved . `` It was a very simple thing , '' explains their great-grandson . `` It had a black handle , one big blade , a tin opener and a screwdriver . '' Global cult object Now , to mark the 125th anniversary , that first knife is on display at an exhibition at the Forum for Swiss History , together with hundreds of other Swiss army knives . `` The thing about the army knife is that it really has become a kind of global cult object , '' says Pia Schubiger , curator of the museum . `` Everyone seems to have one , lots of people even have collections of them , and we wanted to explore this phenomenon . '' Exhibits include the `` Schweizer Offizier Messer '' , or Swiss Officer 's Knife , which came on the market a few years after the soldier 's knife . The very first knife was designed to dismantle guns and open tinned food A more elegant design , it included a corkscrew and a pair of scissors . Interestingly , the officer 's knife was never issued to those serving in the army . The Swiss military purchasers considered the corkscrew not `` essential for survival '' , and so officers had to buy this knife individually . But it was this design , says Carl Elsener , which launched the knife as a global brand . `` After the Second World War , Europe was full of American soldiers , '' they explain . `` And as they could buy the Swiss army knife at PX stores ( shops on military bases ) , they bought huge quantities of them . '' `` But it seems `` Schweizer Offizier Messer '' was too difficult for them to say , so they just called it the Swiss army knife , and that is the name it is now known by all over the world . '' Prototypes Today , there seems to be a knife for every kind of activity . There are knives with altimeters for mountaineers and knives for anglers with special tools to get hooks out of the mouths of fish . But not every prototype proved successful , and some of these are on display as well , including a knife with a pencil sharpener . It made an ugly bulge at one end of the knife , and was eventually rejected . The knife with 314 blades is in the Guinness Book of Records Then there is the knife with a special blade for cutting cheese in precise slices of exactly the same shape and thickness . It seems that even in Switzerland , there was not enough of a market for this one . And in pride of place , there is the knife which no-one will ever put in their pocket , but which has an entry in the Guinness Book of Records . With 314 blades , it is the world 's biggest penknife . Visitors also have the chance to make their own knives - a basic design , including the ever popular corkscrew , bottle opener , tweezers , toothpick and screwdriver . Space shuttle Master knife makers can put one together in less than two minutes , but for amateurs it takes much more time , patience , and a very steady hand . Nevertheless , visitors to the exhibition are queuing up to try . It is a sign of just how successful the idea has become , despite one or two false starts , like the cheese blade . The Swiss army knife has even been into space with the crew of the space shuttle . And an oversized copy is on display in New York 's Museum of Modern Art . Its original designer probably never dreamt of such attention . `` I do not expect my great-grandfather ever had the idea that the Swiss army knife would be popular over the whole world , and become a symbol for Swiss quality and reliability , '' says Carl Elsener . `` I think for them their vision was , in their small workshop , to manufacture a knife for the Swiss army . '' Here is a selection of your emails : I had the big Swiss Army in Liberia in 1964 . Living in the bush it was a useful thing to have in my pocket . My Jeep broke down so I called Monrovia on the 2-way . A technician at AID talked be through a tune up of the Jeep , when I got to filing the points it was clear this Swiss Army was more than OK . Using many of the tools of the knife got my Jeep back on the road .
Andy Hanson , Aspen , Co USA Yes , they are still legal to carry every day . Precis of the current UK law : If the edge ( note edge , not the whole blade ) length is 3 '' or less , and the blade folds into the handle & does not lock open ( ie it 's a traditional pocket knife , SAK or otherwise ) then it is legal to have it on your person .
Matthew Russell , Elanora , Australia I had one when I visited Geneva , Switzerland in the 1980s . A friend was so attracted by its usefulness they begged me to give it to him . I had to surrender that Swiss Army Knife to him . Now I see a lot of copy cats , mainly Chinese makes in the shops around in my country ! !
Mr. Oyay Papiti Ajack , Khartoum - Sudan Have had too many stolen . Gave up on using them because they lack a lock on blade , so too unsafe for an engineer getting old and losing theirs dexterity .
Fletcher Hanks , Oxford USA While driving a taxi , one night two scruffins informed me they had a 9mm S & W and were about to rob me with it and what did I think ? They placed the gun on the lap of the guy in front . I reached down my left side with my right hand where my open large switch type blade was and I said `` I would pull out my 357 magnum ( using the knife to emulate the gun ) , turn around and blow your brains out the back windshield . They looked real startled , tossed me a bunch of money and ran away fast , looking over their shoulders as they ran away . Honest truth .
Gordon Roth , Creston BC Canada Whilst climbing in Lugnaquilla , Wicklow my Swiss got me out of a sticky situation involving my climbing rope , carabiner and foot . Pretty much saved my life .
Eoin , Dublin , Ireland I was carrying mine when in college and was on a double date . Something happened with the car and the fellows needed a screwdriver . Well , this girl and their screwdriver saved the day . They were amazed that I had one to begin with .
Barbara Zarrella , Port Saint Lucie , Florida , USA I have had several SAK over the past 40 years and have used them daily and have taken them always on trips and to two wars ! Once I nearly cried in Kathmandu when a security officer took mine for safekeeping before boarding a flight to Lukla . I argued : What if we crash and I do not have it ? The pilot , a Swiss , smiled and intervened on my behalf and invited me to sit up front next to him . Wow , that was close !
Eliot Pearlman , Kyiv Ukraine I always have my Swiss army knife to hand , except when I need it most when travelling ! Will the hysteria over airport security ever go back to a stage where a simple tool that serves less practical purpose as a weapon than the hands of someone who is well trained be allowed back on a plane ? Like other commentators I have lost track of the repairs and fixes made with it ... opened a box with it this morning for a start .
Paul White , Wokingham , Berkshire While travelling in the UK we stopped at a B & B . The door bell when pressed would not turn off and the woman who ran the B & B could not fix it . I removed the button with the screw driver cleaned the contacts with the file and did the same for the bell . These knives have gotten me out of more jams and helped others more times than I can remember .
Roy Lindbom , Fort Myers , USA I always carry mine . I was out walking in remote countryside one very hot summer 's day and discovered a deer with its antlers entwined in nylon mesh fencing . The velvet was torn and bleeding and infested with flies . The animal was in some distress . My husband approached the deer and held it firmly - it did not struggle . I cut the mesh away , my husband released the deer and it ran to the top of a small nearby hillock where it paused and looked at us , as if to say thank you , before disappearing . After that incident , I always carry it .
Jill , Verwood , England I always carry my SAK . The most frequent `` emergency '' situation it helps with is getting other people 's trapped cash cards out of ATMs - three times so far . I have also used it to reattach a cyclist 's pedal to their bike , by whittling an ad-hoc alum key from a piece of roadside rubbish . It 's indispensable and I would n't be without one .
Oscar Franklin , London I have two and the old penknife of my grandfather . I 've used them for a thousand household and roadside repairs , not to mention filing finger nails and extracting splinters ! But does the law still allow me to keep one in my pocket ?
Wolfie Peters , Birmingham , UK Of course I have had a Swiss army knife for the last 40 years . I have used it to repair an aircraft in the bush in Africa ( throttle linkage came adrift ) . I used it to solder a leak in a Land Rover radiator ( heated the blade tip red hot ) . I could fill a book with its uses . And I still have the knife in my pocket right now . Look ! !
Richard Palmer , Essen , Germany I bought the Swiss army knife in 1989 in Samoa and it has always been the first tool to use when i need a scewdriver or scissors even a file , it has remained in good condition throughout this period .
Milton M. Mokah , Nairobi , Kenya My father bought me my first knife forty years ago - a humble Swiss Army with one blade , a screwdriver & scissors . I used it for years until snapping the blade whilst levering up a floorboard ! Undaunted , I returned it to Switzerland for repair - unfortunately it was lost in the system and Victorinox sent me a much more expensive replacement as compensation . Four months later , my original knife popped through the letter box , resplendent with brand-new internals . It brought a tear to my eye . Great knife from a great company .
Tristan Martens I have a Swiss army which I always take with me when I travel . But since strict security laws were put in place after 9/11 , I do n't take it with me on my person as I would end up having it confisicated by airport security . A shame really as the scissors and little knife is useful for opening packets , wrapping and just about anything on a plane .
Brenda Lyall , Aberdeen In the 1980s , I was working in the USSR . One trip involved shipping in several thousand dollars ' worth of computer equipment . We got as far as Customs in Moscow Airport where we were met by a young lad whose favourite word ( perhaps their only word ) was `` niet '' . After much standing around , the `` import duty '' was agreed and we were on our way . The cost ? One Swiss Army knife .
Mark , London I have had many Swiss army knives and carried them with me at all times . However since airport security tightened I seem to have donated at least six knives which commemorated various engineering projects or were presents from vendors into the security companies ' hands . So now I do n't carry the knife and have to borrow from the Hotel / vendor the tools that previously I had to hand . Where did all those Swiss Army knives go ?
Carolynn , Den Haag , Holland
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pakistan has in the past used terror outfits as a hedge to prevent India and an 'unfriendly ' Afghan regime in the neighbourbood from undermining its interests , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said , cautioning that things might not have completely changed .
In an honest assessment of the situation in the Af-Pak region , Clinton acknowledged that the US policy of creating the 'mujahideen ' to oust Soviet Union from Afghanistan has also boomeranged .
Clinton also said that Pakistan 's policy vis a vis India and Afghanistan is `` changing '' for the better but added that they could not vouch for a complete U-turn .
`` They ( Pakistan ) have in the past hedged against both India and an unfriendly regime in Afghanistan by supporting groups that will be their proxies in trying to prevent either India or an unfriendly Afghan Government from undermining their position , '' they said .
ALSO READ Islamists rally in Egypt ahead of referendum vote , 3 killed
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Brethren ordered to pay gay discrimination claim
Updated
The Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal ( VCAT ) has upheld a discrimination complaint made by a gay support group against a business run by the Christian Brethren church .
WayOut claimed it was barred from hiring the Christian Youth Camp 's Philip Island Adventure Resort in 2007 because of its stance on homosexuality .
The resort has been ordered to pay the group $ 5,000 in compensation .
WayOut spokesperson Sue Hackney says the Brethren should not be exempt from equal opportunity laws .
`` We , quite unknowingly and innocently , attempted to book a conference facility which we understood was just open to the public at large , '' they said .
`` We thought it was quite unfair that , in that situation , a religious group could turn around and try to claim exemption or pardon from equal opportunity laws which apply to all other businesses . ''
Ms Hackney says the ruling shows the courts protect vulnerable young people .
`` A lot of our young people have had dreadful experiences at school , and on the rare occasions when they 've sought to complain about these , unfortunately a common reaction is that they do n't get listened [ to ] , '' they said .
`` For the young people who 've been involved in the complaint directly , it 's shown them that our system will work and it will protect them . ''
Topics : lgbt , religion-and-beliefs , melbourne-3000 , cowes-3922
First posted
President Trump congratulates Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) on the passage of the tax overhaul legislation . Looking on is House Speaker Paul D. Ryan ( R-Wis. ) . ( Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP )
Much has been made of the GOP 's willingness to expand the deficit in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 . But that 's not the only once-cherished Republican tenet abandoned in the tax proposal and other recent GOP initiatives .
Here is another : The closer government is to the people , the better . Republicans have often praised the American system of federalism , which allows subnational units such as cities and states to give their residents the public policies they want — with results that vary throughout the nation . Traditional conservatives have praised this , because state and local governments are “ closer ” to the citizens they serve .
This tax bill goes in the opposite direction . It is likely to make it harder for state and local governments to raise their own revenue . Here 's how .
How the tax bill could affect state fiscal policy
First , the bill reduces the federal estate tax . That will put pressure on the dozen states that have estate taxes to reduce theirs , as well , along with a handful that have an inheritance tax . In many of these states , the amount exempted from estate taxes is lower than the old federal exemption of $ 5.43 million per person and , certainly , lower than the new federal exemption , which has been doubled . There will be pressure to increase the state exemptions to the federal level , lowering states ' estate tax revenue .
[ https : //www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2017/12/21/how-tax-cuts-for-the-wealthy-became-republican-orthodoxy/ ]
Second , state income taxes on both individuals and businesses are typically linked to federal taxes . Many states emulate the definitions of income and deductions in the federal tax code , a practice called conformity . If federal taxable income declines , so will state taxable income in many states , unless states make adjustments . Conversely , if states continue to allow deductions that are eliminated at the federal level , taxable income — and state income taxes — will rise .
Thus , states potentially have some complicated decisions to make . Given Republican control of governorships in 34 states and a trifecta of GOP control of the executive and legislative branches in 26 states , many states will find it difficult to raise taxes when national Republicans have so recently championed tax reduction .
[ Bartels : The GOP tax bill is business as usual in the U.S. 's unequal democracy ]
Third , the new tax bill no longer allows individuals to deduct all of their state and local taxes on their federal income tax returns ; there 's a cap of $ 10,000 . That will pressure high-tax states to lower their own taxes and , therefore , revenue . Before , unlimited deductibility meant that a taxpayer in the 35 percent tax bracket in the federal system with state and local taxes of $ 30,000 paid $ 19,500 after the deduction . But now they will pay $ 26,500 , as the 35 percent break will apply only to the first $ 10,000 of state and local taxes . Some taxpayers will fall into a lower federal tax bracket in the new law , but they will still end up paying more state and local tax because of the cap . With high-income taxpayers now facing the fuller brunt of state and local taxation , there will be pressure to lower those taxes — and increased opposition to raising them .
As a result , state income taxes may become less progressive , too . The state and local tax deduction allows states to generate more revenue ; many states do so with a progressive income tax . If states respond to the cap on the state and local tax deduction by lowering their top income tax rates , the GOP tax bill will reduce tax revenue and the share coming from wealthier people at both the federal and the state levels .
[ The Republican tax bill will probably make rich people greedier . Here 's why . ]
Republicans have challenged federalism in other ways
Of course , this is not the first example of a shifting Republican stance on federalism . George W. Bush 's No Child Left Behind law increased federal control over K-12 education , which had long been left to state and local governments .
Moreover , Republican-controlled state legislatures have been curtailing local governments ' authority . This preemption has a long history . In the 1970s , beginning with California 's Proposition 13 , states began passing laws that limited local governments ' ability to raise and spend revenue . At the time , voters were frustrated by the combination of inflation and increasing property taxes . Today , 42 states have such limits in place .
But there has been a new round of such limits since 2011 . Cities and towns have been passing laws increasing the local minimum wage , instituting paid sickness or family leave , and establishing municipal broadband networks . States have reacted with laws that override and nullify municipal actions .
According to the National League of Cities ' February 2017 report , 24 states now have laws preventing cities from passing minimum-wage ordinances . Seventeen states prevent paid-leave laws . Seventeen outlaw municipal broadband — high-speed Internet provision by a public entity or a public-private partnership rather than a private telecommunications company . Three outlaw local anti-discrimination ordinances ; the Supreme Court 's 1996 Romer v. Evans decision bars preemption of the fundamental rights of protected classes of people but is less clear on economic rights . In nearly all these cases , Republican-led state legislatures are preventing Democratic-led cities from passing their own laws .
Of course , there is nothing that says states or localities always make the right decisions . See , for example , Jim Crow . And Democrats also run hot and cold when it comes to federalism .
But with this tax bill about to become law , it is important not only to assess its potential effect on federal tax revenue and on Americans ' federal tax burdens . It is also crucial to see how it could end up constraining state and local governments . States are already in a tight situation , with balanced-budget requirements and significant responsibilities for infrastructure , education and job training , and assistance for vulnerable populations . These responsibilities will be more difficult to fulfill if one “ trickle-down ” effect of the tax bill is to make it harder for states and localities to raise revenue .
Andrea Louise Campbell is Arthur and Ruth Sloan Professor of Political Science at MIT . They are the author of “ Trapped in America 's Safety Net : One Family 's Journey ” ( University of Chicago Press , 2014 ) and is writing a book about public opinion and taxation in the United States .
If the warnings of certain pop-culture critics are correct , there 's a harm being perpetuated against women in the form of video games , where women are portrayed as lacking agency , sexualized , or prizes to be won by male characters . The harm comes from the downstream effects of playing these games , as it would lead to players—male and female—developing beliefs about the roles and capabilities of men and women from their depictions , entrenching sexist attitudes against women and , presumably , killing women 's aspirations to be more than mere ornaments for men as readily as one kills the waves of enemies that run directly into their crosshairs in any modern shooter . It 's a very blank slate type of view of human ; one which suggests that there 's really not a whole lot inside our heads but a mound of person-clay , waiting to be shaped by the first set of representations we come across . This blank slate view also happens to be a widely-implausible one lacking much in the way of empirical support .
Source : imdb.com
The blank slate view of the human mind , or at least one of its many varieties , has apparently found itself a new name lately : cultivation theory . In the proud tradition of coming up with psychological theories that are not actually theories , cultivation theory restates an : that the more one is exposed to or uses a certain type of media , the more one 's views will come to resemble what gets depicted in that medium . So , if one plays too many violent video games , say , they should be expected to turn into more violent people over time . This has n't happened yet , and violent content per se does n't seem to be the culprit of anger or anyway , but it has n't stopped people from trying to push the idea that it could , will , or is currently happening . A similar idea mentioned in the introduction would suggest that if people are playing games in which women are depicted in certain ways—or not depicted at all—people will develop negative attitudes to them over time as they play more of these games .
What 's remarkable about these intuitions is how widely they appear to be held , or at least entertained seriously , in the absence of any real evidence that this cultivation of attitudes actually happens . Recently , the first longitudinal test of this cultivation idea was reported by Breuer et al ( 2015 ) . Drawing on some data from German gamers , the researchers were able to examine how video game use and sexist attitudes changed from 2011 to 2013 among men and women . If there 's any cultivation going on , a few years ought to be long enough to detect at least some of it . The study ended up reporting on data from 824 participants ( 360 female ) , ages 14 to 85 ( M = 38 ) concerning their , level , frequency of game use , preference of genre of game , and sexist attitudes . The latter measure was derived from agreement on a scale from 1 to 5 concerning three questions : whether men should be responsible for major decisions in the family , whether men should take on roles in mixed-sex groups , and whether women should take care of the home , even if both partners are wage earners .
Before getting into the between video game use and sexist attitudes , I would like to note at the outset a bit of news which should be good for almost everyone : sexist attitudes were quite low , with each question garnering about an average agreement of about 1.8 . As the scale is anchored from “ strongly disagree ” to “ agree completely , ” these scores would indicate that the sexist statements were met with rather palpable disagreement on the whole . There was a modest negative correlation between education and acceptance of those views , as well as a small , and male-specific , negative correlation with age . In other words , those who disagreed with those statements the least tended to be modestly less educated and , if they were male , younger . The questions of the day , though , are whether those people who play more video games are more accepting of such attitudes and whether that relationship grows larger over time .
Source : godlessgirl.com
As it turns out , no ; they are not . In 2011 , the regression coefficients for video game use and sexist attitudes were .04 and .06 for women and men , respectively ( in 2013 , these numbers were -.08 and -.07 ) . Over time , not much changed : the female association between video game use in 2011 and sexist attitudes in 2013 was .12 , while the male association was -.08 . If video games were making people more accepting of , it was n't showing up here . The analysis was attempted again , this time taking into account specific genres of gaming , including role-playing , action , and first-person shooters ; genres in which women are thought to be particularly underrepresented or represented in sexist fashions . ( Full disclosure : I do n't know what a sexist depiction of a woman in a game is supposed to look like , though it seems to be an umbrella term for a lot of different things from presence vs absence , to sexualization , to having women get kidnapped , none of which strike me as sexist , in the strict sense of the word . Instead , it seems to be a term that stands in for some personal distaste on the part of the person doing the assessment . ) However , considerations of specific genres yielded no notable associations between gaming and endorsement of the sexist statements either , which would seem to leave the cultivation theory dead in the water .
Breuer et al ( 2015 ) note that their results appear inconsistent with previous work by Stermer & Burkley ( 2012 ) that suggested a correlation exists between sexist video game exposure and endorsement of “ benevolent sexism. ” In that study , 61 men and 114 women were asked about the three games they played the most , ranked each on a 1 to 7 scale concerning how much sexism was present in them ( again , this term does n't seem to be defined in any clear fashion ) , and then completed the ambivalent sexism scale ; a dubious measure I have touched upon before . The results reported by Stermer & Burkley ( 2012 ) found participants reporting a very small amount of perceived sexism in their favorite games ( M = 1.87 for men and 1.54 for women ) and , replicating past work , also found no difference of endorsement of benevolent sexism between men and women on average , nor among those who played games they perceived to be sexist and those who did not , though men who perceived more sexism in their games endorsed the benevolent items relatively more ( β = 0.21 ) . Finally , it 's worth noting there was no connection between the hostile sexism score and video game playing . One issue might raise about this design concerns asking people explicitly about whether their leisure time activities are sexist and then immediately asking them about how much they value women and feel they should be protected . People might be right to begin thinking about how experimental demand characteristics could be effecting the results at that point .
Source : Tell me about how much you hate women and why that 's due to video games
So is there much room to worry about when it comes to video games turning people into sexists ? According to the present results , I would say probably not . Not only was the connection between sexism and video game playing small to the point of nonexistence in the larger , longitudinal sample , but the overall endorsement and perception of sexism in these samples is close to a floor effect . Rather than shaping our psychology in appreciable ways , a more likely hypothesis is that various types of media—from video games to movies and beyond—reflect aspects of it . To use a simple example , men are n't drawn to being soldiers because of video games , but video games reflect the fact that most soldiers are men . For whatever reason , this hypothesis appears to receive considerably less ( perhaps because it makes for a less exciting ? ) . When it comes to video games , certain features our psychology might be easier to translate into compelling game play , leading to certain aspects more typical of men 's psychology being more heavily represented . In that sense , it would be rather strange to say that women are underrepresented in gaming , as one needs a reference point to what appropriate representation would mean and , as far as I can tell , that part is largely absent ; kind of like how most research on stereotypes begins by assuming that they 're entirely false .
References : Breuer , J. , Kowert , R. , Festl , R. , & Quandt , T. ( 2015 ) . Sexist games = sexist gamers ? A longitudinal study on the relationship between video game use and sexist attitudes . Cyberpsychology , Behavior , & , 18 , 1-6 .
Stermer , P. & Burkley , M. ( 2012 ) . SeX-Box : Exposure to sexist video games predicts benevolent sexism . Psychology of Popular Media Culture , 4 , 47-56 .
`` Sure . ''
`` A Coonawarra shiraz with your steak ? '' Silly question . The three of us provided some small quaffing support but another bottle was , of course , necessary .
The surprise , however , was not CH 's legendary thirst , nor the vast range of their learning and their opinions , but their engagement , their courtesy , their interest in their fellow diners ' views on literature , on politics , on the world and on Australia . Rhyming book titles and ditties on philosophers were interspersed with pointed , provocative and opinionated commentary . We left with our shiraz-numbed minds reeling , while Christopher returned to their hotel and no doubt to their mini bar , only to emerge a few hours later on our television screens in lucid and devastating form as they dominated the Q & A debate .
At the weekend , the Opera House was filled to overflowing to hear Christopher discuss not just God , or their absence , but any other topic Tony Jones could throw at him . And they achieved their ambition , bursting into song in the Opera House with a hilarious ditty about the great philosophers , with most of whose work I 'd wager they were closely familiar .
When the news of their cancer came , they not only greeted it with equanimity and courage , they tackled it through their strongest weapon ... his words . Few have written so movingly , so bravely and with such self-awareness about coming to terms with impending death . The announcement of a 'Pray for Christopher Hitchens Day ' must have caused them more than a wry smile . `` Do n't bother unless it makes you feel better , '' they said . There could be few less likely deathbed conversions .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Governor Angel Aguirre announced their decision at a news conference
The governor of Mexico 's southern Guerrero state - where 43 students went missing after clashing with police last month - has said they are standing down .
Angel Aguirre said they hoped the move would create `` a more favourable political climate to bring about the solution to the crisis '' .
They have faced growing criticism since the disappearance of the students in the town of Iguala on 26 September .
Eyewitnesses described seeing them being bundled into police cars .
Six people were killed during the clashes .
Mexico 's Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam on Thursday said there appeared to be deep ties across the southern state between politicians , the police and drug gangs .
They said arrest warrants had been issued for Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca , their wife , and the town 's police chief . They are suspected of ordering the police to hand over the students to local gangsters .
All three suspects have gone missing .
Mass graves
On 26 September , a group of students from a teacher training college in Ayotzinapa travelled to nearby Iguala to protest against what they said were discriminatory hiring practices , and to collect funds for their college .
Image copyright AP Image caption The disappearance of the 43 has triggered nationwide protests
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Tens of thousands of people marched on Wednesday to demand information on the missing students
Image copyright AP Image caption Thirty bodies have so far been found in a series of burial pits on the outskirts of Iguala
The college has a history of left-wing activism and according to Mr Murillo Karam , Mayor Abarca had been angered by a previous protest they had held in the town .
On the same day , the mayor 's wife was holding an event in the town .
Local media have long speculated that the ensuing police crackdown on the students may have been related to their public appearance .
Mr Murillo Karam said police officers had been told to prevent the students from disrupting their wife 's event .
Police opened fire on the buses the students were travelling in , killing three of them and three more people in nearby vehicles .
One busload of students tried to flee but was stopped by the police and taken to Iguala police station .
The prosecutor said gang members then loaded them onto a pick-up truck and took them to Pueblo Viejo , where a number of mass graves have been found .
Forensic tests suggested 28 bodies found there were not those of the students , but Mr Murillo Karam said they `` may have been flawed '' .
Mr Murillo Karam said two more bodies had been discovered since .
A total of 52 people , including police officers , local officials and gang members have been arrested in the case .
A VICIOUS cult run by cynical fraudsters , or a sincerely held religious belief persecuted by zealots ? That is the long-standing row about Scientology , founded by the late science-fiction writer , L. Ron Hubbard . In some countries , such as Germany , the group is watched by the security services . In others , such as America and Australia , it has won charitable status as a religion .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Until now the fight could mostly be seen as one-sided . Scientology 's lawyers are vigorous litigants . The group argues that its internal materials ( which claim , among other things , that expensive courses of treatment can help rid people of infestation by alien souls from an extinct civilisation ) are commercially confidential and protected by copyright . They react sharply to any perceived libel .
As a result , public critics of what they derisively term “ $ cientology ” risk expensive legal battles . For example , a new unauthorised biography of Tom Cruise by a British author , Andrew Morton , contains detailed and highly critical material about the film star 's involvement in Scientology . It is a bestseller in America but has not been published in Britain . The publisher , St Martin 's Press , has even asked internet booksellers not to ship it to foreign customers . Though Scientology representatives vehemently deny breaking any laws , critics have claimed that they experience intensive harassment and intimidation .
Now Scientology is under attack from a group of internet activists known only as Anonymous . Organised from a Wikipedia-style website ( editable by anyone ) and through anonymous internet chat rooms , “ Project Chanology ” , as the initiative is known , presents no easy target for Scientology 's lawyers . It is promoting cyberwarfare techniques normally associated with extortionists , spies and terrorists . Called “ distributed denial of service attacks ” , these typically involve using networks of infected computers to bombard the target 's websites and servers with bogus requests for data , causing them to crash . Even governments find this troublesome .
Anonymous is also hoping to galvanise public opinion with a mass “ real-world ” protest outside every Scientology office worldwide on February 10th . But its best weapon may be ridicule . The group got going in reaction to efforts to ban an internal Scientology video of Mr Cruise that leaked onto the internet . The star appears to discuss their beliefs with a degree of incoherence and exaggeration that might lead some to question Scientology 's effects on its adherents ' sanity . A Scientology spokesperson says it has been selectively edited . Several internet sites have taken it down after threats of lawsuits . But it keeps popping up .
How Can Indians Still Not Have a Plan for the Offseason ?
How Can Indians Still Not Have a Plan for the Offseason ? by Jeff Mount
Earlier this month , Lewie argued that the Indians should either aim for serious contention in 2012 or begin a rebuilding process . Then , this week , Cleveland GM Chris Antonetti revealed that they had n't yet decided which way they had decided to go . In order to help the organization figure out a path , here 10 ten reasons why the Indians absolutely have to go for it :
1 . Up-the-middle strength . How many teams have two middle infielders and a catcher capable of hitting twenty home runs ? We are as strong up the middle as any team in the division . That is the hardest part of building a contender . Compared to that , finding a left fielder and a first baseman should be easy .
2 . The Indians have money to spend . Take the money they spent on Travis Hafner , Grady Sizemore , Derek Lowe , Casey Kotchman , and Roberto Hernandez last year , and you have more than $ 30 million . Spend half of that wisely and you can get a middle-of-the-order bat and a starting pitcher capable of two hundred innings .
Take the money they spent on , , , , and last year , and you have more than $ 30 million . Spend half of that wisely and you can get a middle-of-the-order bat and a starting pitcher capable of two hundred innings . 3 . The window of opportunity . Two years from now we will be talking about whether Jason Kipnis , Michael Brantley , and Carlos Santana are going to leave as free agents . At what point will the future we would build toward get here ? We are as close to the optimal mix of affordable contracts and proven potential as we are likely to get in the next decade .
Two years from now we will be talking about whether , , and are going to leave as free agents . At what point will the future we would build toward get here ? We are as close to the optimal mix of affordable contracts and proven potential as we are likely to get in the next decade . 4 . Throwing the fans a bone . The relationship between the Dolans and the fan base is as close to toxic as it can be . If these owners do not do something in the next two years to demonstrate that they are serious about winning , they might lose the fans completely . The fact that there are now two other owners in town who appear to be aggressive about winning only makes the Indians look worse .
The relationship between the Dolans and the fan base is as close to toxic as it can be . If these owners do not do something in the next two years to demonstrate that they are serious about winning , they might lose the fans completely . The fact that there are now two other owners in town who appear to be aggressive about winning only makes the Indians look worse . 5 . Strong pitching potential . Put simply , if Justin Masterson and Ubaldo Jimenez pitch like they did in 2011 , this is close to a .500 team . If Jimenez pitches like 2010 , this team wins 85 games , assuming they get someone who can walk and chew gum in left field . We all know that in this division , being .500 on Labor Day makes you a contender . Sign a free agent for the third spot in the rotation , hope for ten wins from Zach McAllister in the fourth spot , and let Carlos Carrasco , Jeanmar Gomez , and David Huff fight for the fifth spot . If we can find at least four guys who can get through six innings on a consistent basis , our bullpen will pick up a lot of wins .
Put simply , if and pitch like they did in 2011 , this is close to a .500 team . If Jimenez pitches like 2010 , this team wins 85 games , assuming they get someone who can walk and chew gum in left field . We all know that in this division , being .500 on Labor Day makes you a contender . Sign a free agent for the third spot in the rotation , hope for ten wins from in the fourth spot , and let , , and fight for the fifth spot . If we can find at least four guys who can get through six innings on a consistent basis , our bullpen will pick up a lot of wins . 6 . Terry Francona . If managers mean contribute anything to the final record , this should be a serious upgrade . The over/under on how many times Jose Lopez bats cleanup next year is one . Regardless of their public statements , there is no way Francona signed up to watch the roster be dismantled .
7 . Precedent . Thanks to the Marlins , if you dismantle the roster and say you are building for the future people will laugh at you .
Thanks to the Marlins , if you dismantle the roster and say you are building for the future people will laugh at you . 8 . Greater depth . A full year of Lonnie Chisenhall and Russ Canzler in the lineup will at least mean that I wo n't be switching over to The Big Bang Theory whenever we get past the fifth spot in the order . It should also mean that we wo n't be shut out whenever Shin-Soo Choo and Santana have bad days , which happened way too much last year . Speaking of which , I ca n't imagine spending money on a third baseman , given the magnitude of the other holes we have . At some point you have to give a guy 500 at-bats and see what happens .
A full year of and in the lineup will at least mean that I wo n't be switching over to The Big Bang Theory whenever we get past the fifth spot in the order . It should also mean that we wo n't be shut out whenever and Santana have bad days , which happened way too much last year . Speaking of which , I ca n't imagine spending money on a third baseman , given the magnitude of the other holes we have . At some point you have to give a guy 500 at-bats and see what happens . 9 . Do it for me . I 'm 51 years old . If they tear this roster apart it would be approximately the 27th time I 've watched this happens . They told us trading Craig Nettles was the first step toward building a champion . They never did tell us what the last step was .
I 'm 51 years old . If they tear this roster apart it would be approximately the 27th time I 've watched this happens . They told us trading Craig Nettles was the first step toward building a champion . They never did tell us what the last step was . 10 . There 's nothing to lose . If you try it and it does n't work by June , you can tear it up then .
What should the Indians do this winter ? Build up to compete in 2013 ( 55 % , 82 Votes )
Trade veterans and build for the future ( 44 % , 66 Votes )
Stand pat ( 1 % , 1 Votes ) Total Voters : 149
Version 1.1.5 of CoreBreach has been released for all currently supported platforms , and will appear in online stores distributing CoreBreach in a few days . Meanwhile we are currently seeking input for future game improvements…
Posted by corecode on Jan 26th , 2012
Version 1.1.5 of CoreBreach has been released for all currently supported platforms , and will appear in online stores distributing CoreBreach in a few days . This release fixes a few problems , brings some nice performance gains and incorporates enhancements in response to user feedback ( smaller music notification , additional easier difficulty level ) . This version has also been significantly rewritten for iOS compatibility , expect CoreBreach coming to iPhone & iPad devices in a few days .
Since porting to new platforms is nearly finished now , we can turn our attention to improving the game in response to user feedback to make everyone happy with it . Since the most common complaint with the game seems to be about the playership steering we 'd like to invite every ( potential ) customer to give us feedback how to improve the game in this area here :
Desura - CoreBreach Forum - Steering Improvements
Full v1.1.5 ChangeLog :
• First version for iOS
• Added an even easier difficulty level by popular demand
• Improved performance , graphics & stability
• Improved usability with better font rendering and smaller on-screen notifications
• Added fallback special effects for systems without post-processing
• Fixes problem with online high-scores and nicknames containing spaces ( Mac ) • Fixes problem with the multiplayer mode and the pause-menu ( Windows/Linux )
A representative of the populist LDPR nationalist party claims in an official letter that the US President should be blamed for thousands of innocent people 's deaths and therefore can not keep their 2009 Nobel Peace Prize .
“ More and more international experts are calling Obama 's presidency dark times . The reason for that is the brutal policy that they are conducting all over the world , like Napoleon or Hitler had done before . But I want to warn Obama so that they pay more attention to history and understands that they can end up like Hitler , ” MP Roman Khudyakov said in an interview with Izvestia daily .
The politician added that under Obama the United States participated in the “ dirty war ” in the Middle East , financed the armed conflict in Ukraine and violated international law by torturing suspected terrorists . All this makes the US President complicit in the violent deaths of several thousand innocent civilians and such a person can not remain the holder of the Nobel Peace Prize , Khudyakov said .
In addition , the lawmaker suggested passing the Peace Prize taken from Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin . “ He stopped the war in Iran , in Syria and they are still saving a lot of people from major bloodshed . They are a vivid example of a politician who preserves peace and love in the world . ”
Khudyakov is not the first Russian politician who has suggested stripping the US President of their 2009 Nobel Peace Prize . In August this year , the head of the LDPR party , Vladimir Zhirinovsky , wrote in a public address that Obama was not worthy of the honor .
Zhirinovsky stated that the fact that the Peace Prize was given to Obama in 2009 caused bewilderment from the very beginning – the award went to the man who had occupied their post for less than a year and had not claimed any real achievements , but instead started wars in the Mideast , Afghanistan and Ukraine . The Russian politician added that they themselves had worked in the Peace Committee and previously the whole world had been proud of Nobel laureates . They noted that giving the Peace Prize to Obama “ had done huge damage ” but the mistake could still be corrected .
In March , senator , Lyudmila Bokova , asked the Nobel Committee to annul Obama 's peace prize claiming that the double standard policy of the US administration helped develop the political crisis in Ukraine .
In November last year , two Russian military-related NGOs , Officers of Russia and Soldiers ' Mothers , addressed the Nobel Committee with a request to evaluate Obama 's inhumane statements about drone warfare – the US President had reportedly told their aides that they were “ really good at killing people ” while evaluating drone strike results .
So far , all calls from Russian activists and politicians have gone unanswered . It should be noted , however , that the statutes of the Nobel Foundation forbid the revoking of prizes as well as any appeals against Nobel Committee decisions .
Fellow Blogger , Haydn Shaughnessy , poses “ Social Business Is A More Moral Form of Business : Discuss ” and here 's my response .
The question of morality in Social Business is a complex one . If you search the web , use a tool like Stumbleupon ( which randomly discovers new pages on any given keywords for you ) , or come across it on your own , you may find the same word “ Social Business ” applied in very different contexts of the end goal .
Let 's take a look at these two contexts before I debate why they are the same or different :
- Per what Nobel Peace prize winner , Muhammad Yunus ( and fellow Bengali ) , has popularized and written about in their recent book Building Social Business ( PublicAffairs , 2010 ) focused on doing business with a moral imperative to help the community , help the poor and generally serve humanity . This term along with “ Social Entrepreneurship ” or “ Social Enterprise ” has been around since the late 1980s .
- Per how many businesses more recently ( last ten years ) have used it : an organization that makes proper use of the networks and relationships of people to do work . The focus here is on applying the intelligence , intuition , interests and initiative of people in ( social ) groups , whether inside the organization or beyond it , to improve the way they can work together . This has a humanizing effect on the notion of how businesses have operated for over a century : replacing the assembly-line , a cog-in-the-machine view of the industrialized world , with one with a greater focus on people .
The moral imperative of the former is evident by its definition . That of the latter is not as obvious . There is a moral imperative in the focus on the interests and views of people , improving the lives of employees , customers , and partners .
The work that this second definition implies can also fit to the purpose of the first . My prior post on how do we feed the future 9Billion+ world population in the coming decades , has a societal moral imperative , helping everyone in the world as the end goal . However , the same article also has a capitalistic notion : how do we improve the capabilities of the Research , Development and Innovation arms of a company ?
If you look at that element alone – using social technologies to innovate within an organization – it could be used for societal good , or just as well be used for purely commercial reasons of the organization as well . Companies could leverage social business collaboration to improve their bottom line , reduce costs , increase market share , build a competitive differentiator , etc . I leave that moral judgment to others for any particular example .
Now , the advocacy appearing on the Web , whether news , blogs , tweets , or other opinion , tends to favor a combination of both . I 'm # justsayin as the Twitter hashtag goes . The reality is , as I said earlier , it depends on goals of the organization .
My personal feeling is that the goal should squarely include the goal of empowering people , whoever may be involved . In doing so , organizations will discover greater value from their people inside and beyond , developing loyalty , retention , leadership , brand value , and overall organizational culture towards one of which people readily be a part .
I 'd like to hear your views on this topic of ethics and social business . You can comment here or reach me on Twitter @ rawn . If you happen to be at SXSW in Austin , TX , March 10-15th , I will be there both speaking , and later signing books on Tuesday ; please feel free to stop and chat .
Amid the nonstop air raids and slaughter of innocent Syrians , the recent destruction of the Arch of Triumph in Palmyra , Syria by Islamic State militants did not simply reduce another Roman-era monument to rubble .
It made a mockery out of our inaction and indifference to the current war on history .
While UN officials called earlier this summer for prosecuting the desecration of Palmyra ruins as a war crime , the truth is that the global community has ignored our fiduciary responsibility to keep alive the ancient story of Palmyra , and has allowed its loss to disappear into the 24-hour news cycle .
It seems too glib to declare a country 's historical loss diminishes us all , to paraphrase English poet John Donne . But the truth is that such episodes of historicide -- the murder of one 's history -- also reveal our own contemporary complicity in an ancient crime that denies one 's existence .
The destruction of standing monuments from the Roman-era is not about a 2,000-year-old relic ; it is a war-time act against humanity today , and a rejection of the contributions of those outside our chauvinistic views of history who have , in fact , shaped our modern ways .
As long as we view such historical loss as the collateral damage of war-time chaos , we are all guilty of such war crimes .
And that is the tragic lesson of irony buried in the rubble in Palmyra . The war on history is an ancient one .
Dedicated to the military conquest of the Parthians ( part of today 's Iran ) by Roman Emperor Septimius Severus , who ruled the Roman Empire from 193-235 , the Arch of Triumph in Palmyra effectively marked such war crimes and established a critical continuum of history that links Syria with Europe and the West today .
Under the Ancient Roman edict of `` damnatio memoriae , '' emperors also had the right to `` damn '' one 's history and demolish all monuments and documents of those they found objectionable . Such an act of historicide was considered a fate worse than death . Severus ' own son Geta was murdered and condemned to `` damnatio memoriae , '' and their image and name erased from all monuments .
At the same time , the dynasty of Libyan-born Severus , along with their Syrian wife Julia Domna , dramatically changed the concept of citizenship on today 's European continent , when their son , the Emperor Caracalla , passed the Antonine Constitution that granted citizenship to all free men residing in the Roman Empire .
This ancient right of jus soli , birthright citizenship , no longer exists in much of Europe -- a notable fact in this age of migration and refugee displacement .
While visitors to Rome now stop to take pictures under the Arch of Septimius Severus in the Roman Forum , one of the most important landmarks of Severus ' time was demolished in the 16th Century , and scattered for Christian buildings and public squares . Severus built a `` septizodium '' monument in Ancient Rome to welcome African and Arab travelers to the eternal city .
The destruction of such a monument in the West is no less tragic as the destruction of the Arch of Triumph in Syria . Nor was its demise unique .
The enduring crime of historical loss in Syria -- and around the world -- does n't end with its barbarity . It continues in our inaction , our silence , our forgetting . It continues if we allow the tragedy of Syria to fade into the oblivion of headlines and hand-wringing indecision at global conferences and United Nations gatherings .
It continues if we neglect to tell the whole story of history -- in Syria , Rome , and in the West .
Or , it stops when we finally recognize that history itself and our stories -- including the life of Khalid al-Asaad , the murdered antiquities official in Palmyra , and the lessons of Severus ' Ancient Rome -- are essential to our lives , and their loss is a fate worse than death .
Jeff Biggers is the author of several works of history and theatre , most recently Damnatio Memoriae : A Play , Una Commedia .
We all know Oklahoma State has been one of the best teams in the country over the last five and 10 years , but do you know just how good the Pokes have been ? Because of a leaky 2014 season OSU has fallen out of the prestigious 50/5 club ( 50 wins over the last five years ) , but they 're still one of just 18 Power 5 schools to win two-thirds of their games over the last five seasons .
Records in last five years ( Since 2012 )
Team Record Win Percentage Ohio State 61-6-0 91 % Alabama 64-7-0 90 % Clemson 60-9-0 87 % Florida State 59-9-0 87 % Oklahoma 51-14-0 79 % Stanford 53-15-0 78 % Louisville 49-16-0 75 % Oregon 49-17-0 74 % Georgia 48-18-0 73 % Baylor 47-18-0 72 % Wisconsin 49-19-0 72 % LSU 45-18-0 71 % Michigan State 46-20-0 70 % Oklahoma State 45-20-0 69 % Texas A & M 44-21-0 68 % Notre Dame 43-21-0 67 % Kansas State 43-22-0 66 % USC 44-23-0 66 %
Better than USC , Notre Dame and Texas A & M ? I 'll take it . Also , how insane is the 60/5 club that Clemson , Ohio State and Alabama are in ? My gosh . Now let 's take a look at the last 10 years . Again this is Power 5 teams only ( TCU and Utah cross both lines , but I decided to keep them in ) .
Records in last 10 years ( Since 2007 )
Team Record Win Percentage Alabama 119-19-0 86 % Ohio State 111-21-0 84 % Oklahoma 104-29-0 78 % Oregon 102-30-0 77 % LSU 98-32-0 75 % Florida State 101-33-0 75 % Clemson 102-34-0 75 % TCU 95-34-0 74 % Wisconsin 97-37-0 72 % USC 94-37-0 72 % Oklahoma State 93-37-0 72 % Stanford 93-38-0 71 % Georgia 93-39-0 71 % Florida 91-40-0 70 % Utah 88-40-0 69 % Michigan State 90-42-0 68 % Virginia Tech 92-43-0 68 % Penn State 87-42-0 67 %
There are six 100/10 clubs , and they 're all elite programs .
When I talk about how we maybe underrate what Mike Gundy has done in their time at OSU , this is what I 'm talking about . Consider this : Since Gundy took over in 2005 Oklahoma State and Texas ( Texas ! ) have the exact same record . Can you imagine telling the version of yourself watching that Texas-SC Rose Bowl that this would be the case in 2017 ?
“ It 's an exciting time for all of us , ” Mike Gundy said last week . “ I was thinking flying down ( to Big 12 Media Days ) this morning just how we evolved at Oklahoma State and the culture that we 've created with the young men and how fun it is for myself and our staff , the guys that were on the plane . They 've been such great leaders for us . We 've evolved into something really special at Oklahoma State . ”
This is true . Gundy went on to explain just how OSU has done this .
“ At first when I got this job , I guess I was n't smart enough to realize how hard it was , ” continued Gundy . “ So we just never stopped . We moved forward . We tried to make the best decisions with the resources we had . We tried to be on the cutting edge , not only Xs and Os-wise , but from the science behind football , different ways to do things , cutting back on practices , not having full-scale tackle practices or scrimmages in the fall and spring .
“ But then as we matured as a program , I realized that the most important thing we 've done is we 've created a culture at Oklahoma State for success in all different areas . We have some structure . We have certain ways that we expect our players to operate to be a part of our team and that we 're all lucky that we 're here , myself included , and that Oklahoma State football is by far bigger than any one person in our program , and we live by that .
“ We 're very disciplined . We 're very structured . Accountability is important . We 're unselfish . We respect our opponents , but we do n't fear anybody . I think that we 've stayed with that , and we 've created a culture where players understand success . ”
This is apparent , and do n't look now , but with a 14-win season this year ( ? ? ? ) OSU can join that asupervisorstioned 100/10 group next year ( they 're 86-31 in the last nine years ) .
A hundred wins in 10 years . That would have seemed laughable just a decade ago . But now OSU is one historic season from making it happen .
After a mother of six was killed in a Santa Clarita crash Friday night , the suspected drunk driver allegedly responsible has been identified .
First responders reportedly found Alexia Cina , 21 , sitting on the curb near the stretch of Golden Valley Road where the crash took place shortly before midnight on Friday , according to an anonymous source .
Lt . Rob Hahnlein with the Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff 's Station confirmed that investigators found open containers of alcoholic beverages in the suspect 's car , though they could n't confirm the person 's ID .
“ It just looks like a person traveling south on Golden Valley accidentally hit the right curb heading into traffic coming northbound , striking oncoming traffic , ” Hahnlein said .
Cina was reportedly transported to Henry Mayo Newhall Hospital for their injuries . One of the drivers they allegedly struck , Katie Evans , was pronounced dead at the scene .
Cina has yet to be booked by Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff 's Station officials or investigators , according to multiple sources familiar with the investigation .
A mother of six , Evans was returning home after visiting their twin daughters — who had recently been born prematurely at the UCLA Intensive Care Unit — when they were killed in the collision .
“ Katie was at UCLA every day , holding their baby girls , ” said an individual close to the Evans family .
The twins had been born prematurely at 25 weeks , and both weighed only 1.5 pounds . Since their birth on August 13 , Evans had been by their side at the UCLA ICU .
Evans is survived by their husband and six children : four boys , ages 12 , 11 , 9 and 2 ; as well as the newborn twin girls .
Them family has invited the Santa Clarita community to a funeral service to celebrate Evans ' life .
The service will be held Saturday , Oct. 14 , at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , starting at 2 p.m . The church is located at 19513 Drycliff Street . All are welcome .
A YouCaring page has also been set up to support Katie Evans ' family here .
The Way Out Recovery SCV has offered to help the suspected driver with their issues with alcohol , and is there for the community and parents to help loved ones with substance use issues .
KHTS made numerous attempts to reach Cina for comment with no avail .
As Santa Clarita 's only local radio station , KHTS mixes in a combination of news , traffic , sports , and features along with your favorite adult contemporary hits . Santa Clarita news and features are delivered throughout the day over our airwaves , on our website and through a variety of social media platforms . Our KHTS national award-winning daily news briefs are now read daily by 34,000+ residents . A vibrant member of the Santa Clarita community , the KHTS broadcast signal reaches all of the Santa Clarita Valley and parts of the high desert communities located in the Antelope Valley . The station streams its talk shows over the web , reaching a potentially worldwide audience . Follow @ KHTSRadio on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram , and sign up for KHTS email and text alerts today !
By John Denton
Follow John Denton on Twitter here
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said Wednesday they oppose Council President Bernard C. `` Jack '' Young 's proposal to sell the city-owned Hilton Hotel — arguing the city could lose millions if officials sold now .
`` The council president , who raised this idea , he 's on the hotel board , '' Rawlings-Blake said . `` He understands that if you sell now , you do it at loss . The unfortunate part about this is we 're still talking about this as if it 's a real option . ... I 'm not interested in having useless conversations about things that do n't put real dollars on the table . ''
Young this month urged Baltimore finance officials to sell the underperforming hotel to raise money for reaction centers . The proposal is a counter to Rawlings-Blake 's idea to sell four downtown parking garages to raise up to $ 60 million as part of a $ 136 million plan to fund park , pool and rec center improvements .
Young has not let the mayor 's legislation get a vote , saying they want assurances the recreation plan will include two big new centers , on the east and west sides .
`` I 'm looking to put 40 to 60 million actual dollars on the table to build recreation centers , '' Rawlings-Blake said .
The 757-room convention center hotel , which overlooks the Orioles stadium , opened two years after then-Mayor Martin O'Malley and the City Council authorized more than $ 300 million in tax-exempt bonds to finance its construction . The measure passed the council by a 9-6 vote with Rawlings-Blake voting in favor , and Young opposed .
Since then , the hotel has underperformed financially . Last year , it reported a $ 5.6 million loss . Under the deal 's initial projections , the hotel was supposed to be making $ 7 million in profit by now — pumping that money into the city 's budget .
Administration officials note the hotel has positive cash flow , but is weighed down by debt on its bond payments and by depreciation . They say the hotel has contributed 400 jobs to the local economy — 80 percent of which have gone to Baltimore residents — and generates about $ 100 million a year in economic impact .
In 2013 , the city hired a consultant to study options for the hotel , and decided not to sell it . The consultant 's report called the hotel 's finances `` markedly improving '' and showed projections of increased income over five years . The city could lose $ 60 million to $ 90 million if it sold the hotel now , officials said at the time .
Lester Davis , a spokesperson for Young , said exploring the sale of the hotel is not a waste of time .
`` The council president is focused on the real work of legislating , '' Davis said . `` A host of experts thinks this is a great idea to explore . The hotel has been bleeding money since its existence . '' Davis said the mayor 's plan to sell parking garages `` is not going anywhere . For them to continue to spend energy on it is baffling . ''
lbroadwater @ baltsun.com
Twitter.com/lukebroadwater
Donald Trump . ( Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 2.0 )
When Donald Trump becomes commander in chief in January , he 'll assume control of an unaccountable drone program , an FBI with a record of spying on mosques and activists , and a surveillance empire currently held in check with executive restraints as durable as tissue paper .
“ Caught off guard by Hillary Clinton 's election defeat , Democrats who defended these powers under President Obama may suddenly be having second thoughts as the White House gets handed over to a man they described — with good reason — as ‘ unhinged , ' and ‘ dangerously unfit , ' ” writes Alex Emmons at The Intercept .
After eight years of trusting the President with expanding military power , liberals must now reckon with the fact that Obama will pass the same capabilities to a man who has proposed killing terrorists ' innocent family members , who has said they would do “ a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding , ” and who has suggested dipping bullets in pigs ' blood is sound counterterrorism strategy . …
As for the NSA , Congress passed a law in 2015 ending the bulk collection of Americans ' phone records and replaced it with a modified program . But according to a former State Department official , the phone records program is minuscule compared to the government 's “ universe of collection ” under Executive Order 12333 , which Trump is free to reinterpret or modify .
To make matters worse , the Obama administration has convinced courts that citizens can not challenge the legality of NSA programs until they can prove they are under surveillance . Because government secrecy makes that generally impossible , courts have started to reject anti-surveillance lawsuits on procedural grounds . …
With an additional stroke of their pen , Trump could reopen the global network of CIA “ black sites ” and imprison people there without any due process . After the Supreme Court ruled under Bush that Guantanamo detainees have rights under habeas corpus , the Obama administration in 2009 fought to avoid having the same rule applied to military prisons around the world . …
Trump , who has said they would “ bomb the shit ” out of terror groups and has proposed killing terrorists ' innocent families , will also inherit a global , unaccountable program of drone assassination . Obama started a vast escalation of Bush 's drone program in 2009 , and Democrats have trusted them to assassinate people they deem an “ imminent threat , ” even when they are far away from war zones , and when they do n't even know who they are killing . …
The Obama administration has also convinced courts that they have no role to play in reviewing the legality of drone strikes – even when it involves killing a U.S. citizen . Lawsuits on behalf of drone victims , filed both before and after strikes took place have all been dismissed , setting the stage for Trump 's targeting decisions never to see their day in court . …
And perhaps most alarming is that Trump will inherit a Justice Department that has waged an unprecedented war on press freedom . Rather than shut down the Bush-era office that prosecuted leaks to the press , Obama made it their own , and has prosecuted more than twice as many people under the Espionage Act for leaking information to the press than all of their predecessors combined . Their actions met with no resistance from Democrats .
EVE : Valkyrie is all about taking you as pilots to places you 've never been before , whether it 's a unique virtual reality experience or the freshly-announced , cross-reality Warzone update . You 're all used to finding your way to the surface at the deep end by now ! A big part of keeping it fresh and exciting is the introduction of new maps , and EVE : Valkyrie – Warzone delivers big in that respect .
As a level design team , we 've been working hard on the Warzone update to bring you not one , but two brand-new maps . Both of these new locations support all of our game modes . There are new Echoes to discover in Scout Mode , new rewards to be earned by collecting our brand-new Relics , as well as opportunities to set high scores in Survival Mode . In addition to that , all current PvP modes will also be supported ; TDM , Control , Carrier Assault and the newly added Extraction Mode .
Launching into the new and unknown is exciting , especially as we are building on a rich foundation of EVE lore and history . Since we 're releasing the two new maps as a pair , we wanted to take this opportunity to introduce you to more facets of their backstory , including new factions and ships that you may not have seen before . We also wanted these new maps to offer a stark contrast to one another , so let 's find out a bit more about them !
Fleet
Location : CXN1-Z V , Pure Blind
“ A busy station hub punctuates the dark nebula with the vibrant red and white colors that define the Sisters of Eve ”
With level design , we 've always felt that one of our strengths has been with maps where a limited series of smaller structures can be built up together to create something larger and more complex , while still offering the smaller scale structures needed in Valkyrie to create a proper sense of speed . This was evident with our creation of the Shipyard map .
In Fleet , we chose to expand upon a huge star port , adding sections built for size that allow a Valkyrie pilot to navigate , hide and chase in . The action all takes place in close proximity to this immense structure . We 're hoping this will encourage some appreciation for the vast scale of the EVE universe .
As the structure belongs to the Sisters of Eve , a humanitarian aid organization , it 's adorned in their bright red and white colors . The station itself is a busy hub with plenty of traffic flowing throughout , something to look out for when flying !
The addition of Sisters of Eve ships with their ringed structure – the Astero , Primae and Nestor - provides some exciting routes for Valkyrie pilots to fly through and use as cover . We wanted this environment to feel like a bright and lively space , which is in stark contrast to many of our other locations , particularly our other new map in this update , the Outpost .
Outpost
Location : Wormhole , Anoikis
“ Crackles of lightning illuminate the oily metal disk that appears to hum with a strong electrical charge . Inside , the Drifters awake from slumber ”
In contrast to the lighter color palette and bustling space lanes of the Sisters of Eve Fleet map , we also wanted to provide a glimpse into some of the darker lore of EVE Online .
Since the Drifters first appeared , they 've been an entity shrouded in mystery . From unusual structures decloaking , to sinister and technologically superior ships taking flight , they 've become a not just huge point of interest , but also a huge threat . Understandably , we wanted to give Valkyrie pilots the chance to dive in closer and get a taste of that experience .
While the Drifter Outpost may be dark , it most certainly is n't dead . Battleships are docked inside the structure , lights show the way through a circular series of tunnels travelling around Outpost 's edge , while streaks of lightning illuminate the external surroundings . Pilots will have to be wary of the structure 's abrupt and jagged edges , as well as the possibility of Drifter ships making maneuvers .
With the map largely being composed of one structure , this gave us the opportunity to experiment further with interior sections . The corridors inside Outpost are both narrower and more densely filled than our previous interiors . As a result , they offer a greater challenge to fly through at speed , more opportunities for cover , and equally , collision .
We hope you find these two new maps as exciting and challenging as the others in EVE : Valkyrie - Warzone , with the added spice and atmosphere of the gritty EVE Online… but featuring the distinct Valkyrie flavor .
For more information on EVE : Valkyrie - Warzone , check out this blog .
Share
Hold on to your helmets , folks , because Ponch and John are staging a comeback , and this time they 'll be bringing their non-violent motorcycle-cop dramedy antics to the silver screen . Even better ? According to The Hollywood Reporter , none other than Vincent D'Onofrio has been cast as the film 's villain .
For those unfamiliar ( read : younger than 35 ) CHiPs was an uproariously stylized American TV series that aired on NBC from 1977 – 1983 . The show followed the adventures of LA-based California Highway Patrol officers ( CHiPs , get it ? ) Francis “ Ponch ” Poncharello ( Eric Estrada ) , and Jonathan “ Jon ” Baker ( Larry Wilcox ) as they rescued motorists from burning vehicles , chased down kidnappers , and otherwise thwarted the evil plans of various bad guys . Like many shows of its era ( we 're looking at you , A-Team ) there was virtually no violence involved , with as much subtle comedy written in as adventure .
The upcoming film , according to Deadline , is helmed by Dax Shepard ( Employee of the Month , Zathura , Parenthood ) who is not only writing the script and directing the film , but acting in the role of Jon Baker . Ponch , meanwhile , will be played by Michael Peña ( Fury , American Hustle ) . The plot is expected to involve an exotic car theft ring , though further details are being kept tighter than a bad pair of prop handcuffs .
D'Onofrio , who is expected to play the theft ring 's leader , has their bad-guy chops well honed having just wrapped their role as the villain Kingpin in Netflix 's wildly successful adaptation of Marvel 's Daredevil . While the actor has worked in notable feature films in the past ( Full Metal Jacket , Men in Black , Ed Wood ) D'Onofrio is probably best known for their 10 years as Detective Robert Goren on the popular NBC show , Law and Order : Criminal Intent .
Given Shepard 's prior work as a Ashton-Kutcher 's jokester sideman on MTV 's Punk 'd , and more recent comedic roles in films like Hit and Run , it 's hard to imagine the new CHiPs film as anything other than a raucous , joke-filled tear across the tarmac of Los Angeles — and if that turns out to be the case , that 's just fine with us . If the film can tread the same line of hilarity and nostalgia as the similarly stylized '70s reboot of Starsky and Hutch from Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson ( an under-rated film in our book ) , it could be a pretty fun ride .
As the film is still in the pre-production phase , no release date has been disclosed . Stay tuned for developments as they unfold .
Iran , India Upbeat with Chabahar Port Inauguration . Iran 's access to the long coasts of the Persian Gulf , the Oman Sea , the Makran Sea , the Caspian Sea coast has attracted great attention from the major economic producers of the world in recent years , as exemplified by the North-South International Corridor Agreement signed in St. Petersburg by the transport ministers of the three countries of Iran , India and Russia .
The North-South Corridor is the most important trade route between Asia and Europe , which is 40 % shorter in terms of distance and time and 40 % cheaper in terms of cost .
Meanwhile , the Gulf of Oman and the Chabahar port on the eastern shore of the Makran Sea as a strategic port of call to this corridor will play an important role in exchanging goods to the east of the country and the eastern and central Asian neighbors .
India 's First Shipment of Goods To Enter Afghanistan via Chabahar Port
Makran is a coastal area in the southeastern part of Iran and southwest of Pakistan that extends across the Gulf of Oman ; these are the golden gulfs of the country to the open seas and the key to taking advantage of this exceptional opportunity is its development .
In the general policies of the Sixth Development Plan of the country , special attention has been paid to the development of the Makran coastlines , and all the organizations and ministries of the country are required to cooperate to this end in the Sixth Development Plan of the country .
Afghan President Ghani Refuses to join CPEC , without Access to India
On the coasts of Makran , the port of Chabahar has a very good capacity for development ; this port is considered the only oceanic port of the country , and access to the port has led to the release of water from the countries of Central Asia , India , China , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq and European countries . They would also like to use this port to cross their goods .
Chabahar Port : Game Changer for India
With the opening of the first phase of this port on December 12 , the port capacity was 2.5 million tons per year to 8.5 million tons . The Chabahar-Iranshahr-Zahedan line is 610 km long , followed by Mashhad and Sarakhs . By implementing this project , the Chabahar port connects to the country 's rail network , and it is possible to connect the railways of the eastern corridor to the Sarakhs border and to access Central Asian countries to free waters through Iran 's soil .
US , India , Japan , Australia Join Hands to Counter China ?
Iranian president Hassan Rouhani recently inaugurated a $ 1 billion extension of its southeastern Chabahar port which Tehran believes will benefit the country to become an important transit route to land-locked Afghanistan and Central Asia . India has partnered with Iran in Chabahar port development project where Indian envisages to bypass Pakistan and reach Afghanistan and Central Asian nations .
DAVOS , Switzerland ( Reuters ) - Donald Trump 's comments about NATO being “ obsolete ” reflect how the world has changed , but should not be interpreted as meaning that it needs to be consigned to history , a senior adviser to the U.S. president-elect said on Tuesday .
Germany 's Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said on Monday that Trump 's comments had aroused concern across the 28-member alliance . Trump , who is due to be sworn in on Friday , criticized NATO for not defending against terrorist attacks .
“ NATO is working but there are things about it that need to change and there are parts of it that are , in the words of Trump , ‘ obsolete ' ” , Anthony Scaramucci , a hedge fund manager who is joining Trump 's White House staff as an adviser , told an audience at the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) .
NATO has been seen since the 1950s as the keystone of western European defenses , extending its zone of activity in the post-Cold War period to the borders of Russia .
“ We have to think about changing the ( NATO ) treaty to front face the 21st and 22nd centuries , ” Scaramucci said , adding the focus should now be on finding common cause with Russia .
“ Let 's try to find a way to get along better ( with Russia ) . We need to focus less on combatting Communism and more on rejecting radical Islam , ” they said .
Trump 's comments about countries needing to pay their way in NATO reflected their background as a business person and property developer and made sense , Scaramucci said .
Scaramucci also said the United States wanted to create more symmetry in trade agreements and have a “ phenomenal relationship ” with China , calling on Beijing to “ reach now towards us and allow us to create this symmetry ” .
In Washington , Trump 's views on NATO are not shared by many fellow Republicans . John McCain , the influential Republican chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee , noted how NATO allies sent their troops to fight in the war on terrorism declared by then President George W. Bush after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , hijacked plane attacks on New York and Washington .
Anthony Scaramucci , Assistant to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and Director of Public Liaison attends the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) annual meeting in Davos , Switzerland January 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
“ I do n't think we should ever forget that – that they were willing to send their young people to Afghanistan to fight , not because they were attacked , but because we were attacked , ” McCain told CNN on Tuesday .
Addressing concerns that have been raised about the way Trump has communicated their ideas and thoughts so far , Scaramucci said people should not be worried or alarmed by the president-elect 's tweets .
As for their own business interests , Scaramucci said they had signed a deal for the sale of their Skybridge hedge fund .
Ontario Video Surveillance Camera Laws Complete Listing
Before buying and installing a surveillance camera , it 's important to know the Ontario video surveillance camera laws of your area . Search through our Ontario video surveillance camera laws listing , find your region , city , or township and click the bylaw link below . Some areas do not have specified laws regarding video surveillance at this time . If you want to ensure your security camera follows all the rules , get safe advice from the security professionals at Jay360 to help you make government-compliant security choices .
Ontario Video Surveillance Camera Laws : Regional Municipality of Waterloo
• Region of Waterloo ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• City of Waterloo ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Cambridge ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Kitchener ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Township of Wellesley ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Township of Wilmot ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Township of North Dumfries ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Township of Woolwich ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
No video surveillance laws have been specified for these areas within the Regional Municipality of Waterloo . You can check out The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act ( PIPEDA ) for more information on security . PIPEDA is the federal privacy law for private-sector organizations . It establishes rules for how businesses must handle personal information .
Tip : If you plan on installing a security camera at your residence , contact your local city before setting up a camera and know all the potential rules and regulations . This can help avoid potential conflicts with neighbours who may be worried about their own privacy .
Video Surveillance Camera Laws : Wellington County
• County of Wellington ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• City of Guelph ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Township of Guelph / Eramosa ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Centre Wellington ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Town of Erin ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Town of Minto ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Puslinch Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Wellington North Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
No video surveillance laws have been specified for these areas within Wellington County . You can check out The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act ( PIPEDA ) for more information on security . PIPEDA is the federal privacy law for private-sector organizations . It establishes rules for how businesses must handle personal information .
Tip : If you plan on installing a security camera at your residence , contact your local city before setting up a camera and know all the potential rules and regulations . This can help avoid potential conflicts with neighbours who may be worried about their own privacy .
Video Surveillance Camera Laws : Brant County
County of Brant ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
No video surveillance laws have been specified for Brant County . Check out The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act ( PIPEDA ) for more information on security . PIPEDA is the federal privacy law for private-sector organizations . It establishes rules for how businesses must handle personal information .
Tip : If you plan on installing a security camera at your residence , contact your local city before setting up a camera and know all the potential rules and regulations . This can help avoid potential conflicts with neighbours , who may be worried about their own privacy .
Video Surveillance Camera Laws : City of Hamilton
City of Hamilton – Surveillance Camera Bylaws
Video surveillance laws have been specified for the City of Hamilton . The bylaw states :
“ c . The application of visual surveillance equipment , including video cameras , ‘ night vision ' systems , or electronic listening devices capable of permitting either stationary or scanned viewing or listening , designed or operated so as to listen or view persons or land beyond the perimeter of the land actually owned , leased or rented by the occupant , or the use of visual surveillance equipment where the exterior lenses are obstructed from view or which are employed so as to prevent observation of the direction in which they are aimed. ” – Bylaw to Prohibit and Regulate Fortification and Protective Elements of Land
This means that personal video surveillance cameras are only permitted to view people and land on your own property , and nothing beyond your property lines .
Video Surveillance Camera Laws : Oxford County
Oxford County
Though there are no regulations or bylaws regarding the use of personal surveillance cameras , Oxford County has released extensive information about the use of surveillance cameras in county-owned or operated facilities . Click here to view .
• Blandford-Blenheim Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• East Zorra-Tavistock Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Town of Ingersoll ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Norwich County ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• City of Woodstock ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Zorra Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
No video surveillance laws for personal use have been specified for Oxford County . Check out The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act ( PIPEDA ) for more information on security . PIPEDA is the federal privacy law for private-sector organizations . It establishes rules for how businesses must handle personal information .
Tip : If you plan on installing a security camera at your residence , contact your local city before setting up a camera and know all the potential rules and regulations . This can help avoid potential conflicts with neighbours who may be worried about their own privacy .
Video Surveillance Camera Laws : Perth County
• Perth County ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Town of North Perth ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Perth East Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• Perth South Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
• West Perth Township ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
No video surveillance laws have been specified for Perth County . Check out The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act ( PIPEDA ) for more information on security . PIPEDA is the federal privacy law for private-sector organizations . It establishes rules for how businesses must handle personal information .
Tip : If you plan on installing a security camera at your residence , contact your local city before setting up a camera and know all the potential rules and regulations . This can help avoid potential conflicts with neighbours who may be worried about their own privacy .
Video Surveillance Camera Laws : Regional Municipality of Halton
• Regional Municipality of Halton ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
City of Burlington
Bylaw Number 108-2002 – A Bylaw that regulates the excessive “ fortification of land. ” It defines “ excessive protective elements ” as : “ ( 8 ) ( iii ) The application of surveillance equipment , including video cameras , ‘ night vision ' systems , or electronic listening devices capable of permitting either stationary or scanned viewing or listening , by an operator or viewer or listener of that equipment , beyond the perimeter of the land actually owned , leased or rented by the occupant . ”
Town of Halton Hills
Bylaw 2003-0079 – A Bylaw that regulates the excessive “ fortification of land. ” It defines “ excessive protective elements ” as : “ ( 6 ) ( iii ) The installation of visual surveillance equipment , including video cameras , ` night vision ' systems , or electronic listening devices capable of permitting either stationary or scanned viewing or listening , by an operator or viewer or listener of that equipment , beyond the perimeter of the Land actually owned , leased or rented by the occupant . ”
Town of Milton
Bylaw Number 30-2003 – A Bylaw that regulates the excessive “ fortification of land. ” It defines “ excessive protective elements ” as : “ ( 7 ) ( iii ) The installation of visual surveillance equipment , including video cameras , ` night vision ' systems , or electronic listening devices capable of permitting either stationary or scanned viewing or listening , by an operator or viewer or listener of that equipment , beyond the perimeter of the Land actually owned , leased or rented by the occupant . ”
Town of Oakville ( No surveillance laws as of May 20 , 2017 )
The problem with saying `` I 'm in love '' or `` I 've met someone '' is the message it may inadvertently send some employers . You 're basically telling them that ( potentially , in their opinion ) it does n't take much to get you to relocate . While relationships are n't necessarily marriages these days , without marriage they are still likely to be viewed as transitory . There 's a significant difference in perception with `` I 'm moving here because I 'm getting married '' to `` I 'm moving here because I 've fallen in love . '' While it may not be completely based in reality , a marriage implies permanence . Love , or a relationship you can literally just walk away from does not .
So there are two potential negatives . One is that you could be viewed as someone who will move purely for emotional reasons . The second is that you 'll leave for similar reasons .
Were I an employer and I was told that a prospect was relocating because they fell in love , I 'd wonder `` will they leave if he 's no longer in love ? '' or `` if they fall in love again , will they just drop us and go ? ''
This is yet another case where revealing too much personal information is a bad idea . Just tell them `` I have a lot of friends and family here and ... '' then say something positive about the community and how much you love it .
Bitcoin and banks were never supposed to go hand-in-hand . So , in 2015 , when the world 's largest financial institutions began investigation the technology behind Bitcoin , blockchain , it took many people by surprise . Now , approximately two years after those efforts began in earnest , it seems there 's somewhat of a clash taking place between Bitcoin and the consortium through which the world 's largest banks investigate blockchain technology , R3 .
The blockchain consortium , whose main goal is to cut costs for the back office processes at major banks , seems to have no problem lobbying legal threats at members of the Bitcoin Community who do not follow the consortium 's line .
Peter Todd , longtime Bitcoin Core developer , seems to be the latest Bitcoiner to receive legal threats lobbied by R3 .
R3 's allergic to criticism : sent me a cease and desist for suggesting that the might be prior art on their patent ! https : //t.co/tPgkrGyPEl — Peter Todd ( @ petertoddbtc ) November 25 , 2016
Prior art basically means that it 's been done before or whatever R3 is working on is already known . ( ever heard of Bitcoin or like any alternative digital blockchain ? )
GoldSilverBitcoin , furthermore , has gained access to evidence that Mr. Todd is hardly the first Bitcoin community participant to receive threats from R3 , as a popular Bitcoin website has also received heat for publishing not-so-flattering stories about R3 partners .
Upon making the cease and desist public , Mr. Todd also confirmed that R3 has vetoed third party peer review of its technology ; namely , Corda , which Mr. Todd helped develop . R3 has maintained Corda is designed as a open-source platform .
“ R3 has refused to make [ Corda ] available to third party peer review ” Can confirm : R3 vetoed one of the banks from hiring me to do review . https : //t.co/xGgC2Jr8GC — Peter Todd ( @ petertoddbtc ) November 25 , 2016
Unfortunate really : I helped design the initial Corda architecture , and I think it has the potential to be good . But not with that attitude . — Peter Todd ( @ petertoddbtc ) November 25 , 2016
Ultimately , all Mr. Todd did was question R3 's patent , which put the consortium on edge , which in recent weeks has left Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs as partners .
Interestingly , Apache2 has a patent license attached ; a bit of a backtrack from sending me a cease and desist for questioning their patent… https : //t.co/T0gBh1CvsM — Peter Todd ( @ petertoddbtc ) November 25 , 2016
Mr. Todd clarifies , they were never paid for Proofchains , a precursor to Corda that R3 hired them to further develop .
I did n't get paid for that license , so… : ) — Peter Todd ( @ petertoddbtc ) November 25 , 2016
R3 gained notoriety for bringing together 70 of the world 's largest financial institutions to investigate blockchain technology with an eye towards revolutionizing the way the world does business .
R3 says it will be open-sourcing Corda next week on Wednesday . Stay tuned .
TRIPOLI ( Reuters ) - Libya said a U.N.-mandated British air strike had hit its major Sarir oilfield killing three guards and damaging a pipeline connecting the field to a Mediterranean port .
Rebel fighters fire rockets from the desert east of Brega April 6 , 2011 . REUTERS Youssef Boudlal
“ British warplanes have attacked , have carried out an air strike against the Sarir oilfield which killed three oilfield guards and other employees at the field were also injured , ” Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim told reporters .
There was no immediate official comment from Britain 's Ministry of Defense on Kaim 's comments about the field .
Earlier , Muammar Gaddafi 's forces unleashed mortar rounds , tank fire and artillery shells on the western city of Misrata on as a French minister said NATO air strikes in Libya risked getting “ bogged down . ”
Misrata , Libya 's third city , rose up with other towns against Muammar Gaddafi 's rule in mid-February , and it is now under attack by government troops after a violent crackdown put an end to most protests elsewhere in the west of the country .
Rebels are angry at what they perceive to be a scaling back of operations since NATO took over an air campaign , following an early onslaught led by the United States , France and Britain that at one stage tilted the war in the rebels ' favor .
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Gaddafi forces were making it harder for alliance pilots to distinguish them from civilians by hunkering down in populated areas . “ The situation is unclear . There is a risk of getting bogged down , ” they said .
Juppe told France Info radio they would address the issue of tactics shortly with the head of NATO , adding Misrata 's ordeal “ can not go on. ” NATO has accused Gaddafi of using human shields to make targeting harder for its warplanes .
Civil war in the vast North African desert oil producer ignited in February when Gaddafi tried to crush pro-democracy rallies against their 41-year rule inspired by uprisings that have toppled or endangered other autocrats across the Arab world .
Stalemate on the battlefield in eastern Libya , defections from Gaddafi 's coterie and the plight of civilians ensnared in fighting or running out of food and fuel has spurred a flurry of diplomacy in pursuit of a peaceful solution .
But such efforts have made little headway , with the rebels adamant that Gaddafi step down while the government , aware of the limitations of Western intervention , has offered concessions hinting at democratization but insists they stay in power .
GADDAFI HITS REBEL OIL
In a blow to rebel finances , Gaddafi forces halted production at rebel-held oilfields in eastern Libya , a rebel spokesperson said on Wednesday . Rebels want to resume exports to raise revenue for their uprising .
Oilfields in Misla and the Waha area were hit by Gaddafi 's artillery on Tuesday and Wednesday , spokesperson Hafiz Ghoga told reporters in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi .
The Liberian-registered tanker Equator sailed from Marsa el Hariga , near Tobruk , on Wednesday apparently with the first cargo of crude sold by rebels since the uprising began in February , shipping sources said .
U.N.-mandated air strikes have so far failed to halt attacks by the Libyan army in besieged Misrata , where residents said snipers on rooftops and tanks firing on populated areas of the city have had a devastating effect .
“ Gaddafi forces have changed tactics and are using human shields in urban areas , including in Misrata , ” Britain 's Foreign Office said on Wednesday .
The head of Libya 's rebel army has condemned NATO for its slowness in ordering air strikes to protect civilians , saying the alliance was “ letting the people of Misrata die every day . ”
Juppe said : “ We 've formally requested that there be no collateral damage for the civilian population ... That obviously makes operations more difficult . ”
But General Abdel Fattah Younes was adamant that Gaddafi was conducting massacres . “ Day by day people are dying . Hundreds of families are being wiped off the face of the earth . Patience has its limits , ” they said .
Asked whether they found NATO 's argument that it is trying to prevent civilian casualties convincing they said :
“ No , it 's not convincing at all . NATO has other means . I requested there be combat helicopters like Apaches and Tigers . These damage tanks and armoured vehicles with exact precision without harming civilians . ”
NATO ON THE DEFENSIVE
Libyan officials deny attacking civilians in Misrata , saying they are fighting armed gangs linked to al Qaeda . Accounts from Misrata can not be independently verified as Libyan authorities are not allowing journalists to report freely from there .
Rebel criticism has put the Western military alliance on the defensive , particularly over Misrata . Spokeswoman Carmen Romero said that “ the pace of our operations continues unabated . The ambition and the position of our strikes has not changed . ”
NATO air strikes are targeting Gaddafi 's military infrastructure but only to protect civilians , not to provide close air support for rebels , much to their dismay , as part of a no-fly zone mandated by the U.N. Security Council .
Relieving the siege of Misrata was a NATO priority but alliance officials conceded that Gaddafi 's army was proving a resourceful and elusive target .
“ The situation on the ground is constantly evolving . Gaddafi 's forces are changing tactics , using civilian vehicles , hiding tanks in cities such as Misrata and using human shields to hide behind , ” Romero told reporters in Brussels .
Misrata on Wednesday faced another heavy bombardment .
“ There was firing on three fronts today , the port in the east , the center around Tripoli street and the west of the city . Mortars , tank fire , and artillery were used to shell those areas , ” rebel Abdelsalam said by telephone .
“ NATO needs to either launch a serious operation to take out all the heavy armored vehicles , including tanks ... If they do n't want to do this , they should provide us with weapons to do it ourselves . ”
Meanwhile , living conditions in Misrata worsened .
“ People are panicking , especially women , children and old people . Most people left their homes for safer areas and found refuge with other families , ” Abdelsalam said , adding :
“ No fruit and vegetables have been available in Misrata for over 25 days , bread is also difficult to find . People are scared to go out because of the snipers and the indiscriminate shelling . The upper-hand is still with Gaddafi 's forces . ”
REBEL GAINS IN EAST
On the eastern battlefield , Libyan rebels regained ground in a new advance on the oil port of Brega on Wednesday but also accused NATO of inaction hindering their quest to oust Gaddafi .
Ill-trained insurgents thrust westwards to the contested port , recovering mostly desert terrain lost in a pell-mell retreat from Gaddafi 's superior firepower the day before .
Rebels returning to the tiny outpost of al-Arbaeen , midway between Brega and their frontline town of Ajdabiyah , spoke of rocket duels close to Brega 's port as both sides strived to end a ragged stalemate in the civil war .
Rebel Idriss Abdel Karim complained of a lack of NATO support . “ ( Government forces ) are scared of NATO air strikes but NATO does n't bomb anything in the first place , ” they said .
“ There have been no air strikes . We hear the sound , but they do n't bomb anything , ” said Hossam Ahmed , another rebel .
“ What is NATO waiting for ? We have cities being destroyed . Ras Lanuf , Bin Jawad , Brega , and Gaddafi is destroying Misrata completely , ” said Ajdabiyah resident Said Emburak .
Despite their reputation for deadly attacks on humans and pets , alligators are wiggling their way toward a new role as potential lifesavers in medicine , biochemists in Louisiana reported at the 235th national meeting of the American Chemical Society . They described how proteins in gator blood may provide a source of powerful new antibiotics to help fight infections associated with diabetic ulcers , severe burns , and `` superbugs '' that are resistant to conventional medication .
Their study , described as the first to explore the antimicrobial activity of alligator blood in detail , found a range of other promising uses for the gator 's antibiotic proteins . Among them : combating Candida albicans yeast infections , which are a serious problem in AIDS patients and transplant recipients , who have weakened immune systems , the scientists say .
`` We 're very excited about the potential of these alligator blood proteins as both antibacterial and antifungal agents , '' says study co-author Mark Merchant , Ph.D. , a biochemist at McNeese State University in Lake Charles , La . `` There 's a real possibility that you could be treated with an alligator blood product one day . ''
Previous studies by Merchant showed that alligators have an unusually strong immune system that is very different from that of humans . Unlike people , alligators can fight microorganisms such as fungi , viruses , and bacteria without having prior exposure to them . Scientists believe that this is an evolutionary adaptation to promote quick wound healing , as alligators are often injured during fierce territorial battles .
In collaboration with Kermit Murray and Lancia Darville , both of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , Merchant and colleagues collected blood samples from American alligators . They then isolated disease-fighting white blood cells ( leucocytes ) and extracted the active proteins from those cells .
In laboratory tests , tiny amounts of these protein extracts killed a wide range of bacteria , including MRSA ( methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) , the deadly bacteria that are moving out of health care settings and into the community . These `` superbugs '' are increasingly resistant to multiple antibiotics and cause thousands of deaths each year .
The proteins also killed six out of eight different strains of Candida albicans , the researchers say . Their previous research also suggests that blood proteins may help fight HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
The scientists are working to identify the exact chemical structures of the antimicrobial proteins and determine which proteins are most effective at killing different microbes . The gator blood extract may contain at least four promising substances , they estimate .
With the chemical structures in hand , scientists can begin developing them into antibacterial or antifungal drugs , including pills and creams , for fighting infections . These drugs show particular promise as topical ointments , Merchant says . Gator-blood creams could conceivably be rubbed onto the foot ulcers of patients with diabetes to help prevent the type of uncontrolled infections that lead to amputations , they say . The creams could also be applied to the skin of burn patients to keep infections at bay until damaged skin can heal , the researcher adds .
Merchant suggests that the proteins might be called `` alligacin . '' If studies continue to show promise , the drugs could land on pharmacy shelves in another seven to ten years , they estimate . Until then , do n't try to create your own home-remedies using alligator blood , as raw , unprocessed blood could make you sick or even kill you if injected , the researcher cautions .
Similar antimicrobial substances might also be found in related animals such as crocodiles , Merchant notes . In the future , they plan to study blood samples from alligators and crocodile species throughout the world to test their disease-fighting potential . The state of Louisiana and the National Science Foundation provides funding for this research .
Having met at this year 's Coachella where the ideation of doing something creative together came about , fashion designer Alexander Wang and music artist Abel a.k.a The Weeknd are now ready to release their first ever capsule collection later this month . The range consisting of T-shirts , hoodies , a high-top leather sneaker and bandana are offered under a limited edition run made available to the public . With both designer and artist partaking in every step of the collection 's design process , the results are a clear indication of a shared aesthetic and a newly-found friendship .
The designs themselves pull from zine-inspired graphics interwoven with The Weeknd 's song lyrics and XO logo . These pieces are accompaniments to custom-made items originally designed by Alexander Wang , serving to dress The Weeknd on stage during their Beauty Behind The Madness tour . Detailing on these custom pieces include saddle pockets and exposed cargo pockets on the different iterations of the hooded vests and trousers , as well as padded camo print and webbing accents . For the WANGXO capsule collection on offer , we were able to talk exclusively with Alexander Wang themselves on what their first impressions of The Weeknd were , as well as a personal account on how the idea behind WANGXO started . Read the conversation below .
What was your first impression of Abel ?
I 've been a big fan of Abel and their music . They are extremely talented with an incredible voice and on-stage presence . The first time we collaborated was this year at Coachella . Abel was dressed in pieces from our Fall 2015 Men 's ready-to-wear and T by Alexander Wang collections , and we also created a limited edition # WANGXO bandana for fans at the festival . They took over our Instagram account ( @ AlexanderWangNY ) as the first and only IG takeover we have done , documenting their experience as they closed the first weekend of the two-weekend festival .
Can you give us a personal account of how the idea behind WANGXO first came about ?
Our collaboration at this year 's Coachella music festival was organic and relatively spontaneous . We connected aesthetically , and the bandanas were a big success . We loved working together and decided to take it further by dressing Abel for their tour , and by co-designing the WANGXO capsule , consisting of five styles –- a hoodie , a white T-shirt , black T-shirt , bandana and a pair of sneakers . Abel was involved in every step of the process . We both wanted to build a collection around strong graphics , with a play on The Weeknd 's XO brand and our brand , to create a collection that looks great on stage and can be worn in everyday life .
What are you taking away from this collaboration ?
Our capsule is directly reaching both fashion and music fans , which are complementary . The Weeknd is wearing select WANGXO styles throughout their first arena tour , The Madness . Music plays such a big role for me , and I 'm happy that The Weeknd 's XO brand and I were able to work on this capsule together .
The WANGXO capsule collection will be available at the Alexander Wang SOHO store on November 17 and on Alexander Wang 's official site on November 18 . Pricing includes $ 575 USD for the sneakers , $ 185 USD for the hoodie , $ 150 USD for the T-shirts and $ 40 USD for the bandana .
Google Fiber Could Be Headed To Chicago , Los Angeles
Google continues the ambitious expansion of its high-speed Internet service -- Google Fiber -- by inviting Chicago and Los Angeles to apply .
Google 's Pixel C : Hands-On Review ( Click image for larger view and slideshow . )
Residents of both the City of Angels and the Windy City -- America 's second and third largest urban centers -- could soon have a new high-speed Internet option in the form of Google Fiber , which so far has been limited to smaller metropolises .
Home to a combined 6 million people , Chicago and LA are the two largest metro areas Google has engaged with to date .
On Dec. 8 , the company sent an invitation to the cities ' representatives to explore bringing Google Fiber to their cities .
Google 's ultra-fast fiber service -- which boasts speeds of 1000 Mbps as well as an HD television service -- is currently available in Provo , Utah ; Austin , Texas ; and Kansas City , Kan. , with upcoming deployments in Salt Lake City , Atlanta , San Antonio , Nashville , Charlotte , and Raleigh-Durham .
In addition to that roster of current and upcoming Fiber cities , Google has also sent out invitations to nine other urban centers , including San Diego and Portland on the West Coast , and Jacksonville and Tampa , Fla. , on the East Coast .
Google 's Fiber service was first introduced to the Kansas City metropolitan area in 2012 . It included 20 Kansas City area suburbs within the first three years .
As with the previously announced cities , Google 's invitation does not mean LA and Chicago are guaranteed to get the service . The next step is to begin a joint planning process with city leaders .
`` As we kick off our usual checklist process , we 'll work closely with city leaders to collect detailed information about each metro area . From Venice Beach to Wrigley Field , we 'll study the different factors that would affect construction -- like city infrastructure and topography -- and use that information to help us prepare to build a local fiber network , '' Jill Szuchmacher , director of Google Fiber expansion , wrote in a blog post .
Google provides prospective cities with a detailed checklist covering issues like the condition and presence of existing infrastructure , commercial agreements , local ordinances , and Google Fiber hut specifications .
Szuchmacher noted that in Chicago , fiber Internet could help bolster the city 's startup scene by fueling incubators like 1871 , venture capital funds such as Chicago Ventures , and hundreds of small businesses . They also wrote that Fiber could benefit YouTube stars and indie musicians in the country 's entertainment capital .
[ Read more about Google Fiber 's expansion . ]
`` Whether it 's filmmaking or entrepreneurship or more abundant bandwidth at home , Chicago and L.A. are the perfect cities to show us what 's possible with gigabit Internet , '' they wrote .
Google 's Fiber focus is n't limited to cities and high-tech startups , however . In July , Google announced a program in all of its Fiber markets to connect residents in select public and affordable housing properties , free , with no installation fee .
On a global scale , Google is leaving terra firma and taking to the skies to provide wireless Internet to emerging markets through Project Loon , a science fiction-esque endeavor centered on giant floating balloons that function like WiFi hotspots in flight .
As part of this effort , the company announced that Indonesia 's top three mobile network operators , Indosat , Telkomsel , and XL Axiata , have agreed to begin testing Project Loon 's balloon-powered Internet capabilities over Indonesia in 2016 .
* * New deadline of Dec. 18 , 2015 * * Be a part of the prestigious InformationWeek Elite 100 ! Time is running out to submit your company 's application by Dec. 18 , 2015 . Go to our 2016 registration page : InformationWeek 's Elite 100 list for 2016 .
Nathan Eddy is a freelance writer for InformationWeek . They have written for Popular Mechanics , Sales & Marketing Management Magazine , FierceMarkets , and CRN , among others . In 2012 they made their first documentary film , The Absent Column . They currently live in Berlin . View Full Bio
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
Sconcing is a tradition at Oxford University of demanding that a person drink a tankard of ale or some other alcoholic beverage as a penalty for some breach of etiquette . Originally the penalty would have been a simple monetary fine imposed for a more serious breach of discipline , and the word is known to have been used in this sense as early as 1617 . [ 1 ]
Minor offences for which a sconce might have been imposed included talking at dinner about women , religion , politics or one 's work , referring to the portraits hung in the college hall , or making an error in the pronunciation of the Latin Grace .
History [ edit ]
The power to impose a sconce was not originally given to all present at a dinner . It might instead have been reserved for the person presiding on High Table , or perhaps the senior Scholar or other undergraduate at each table . Anyone feeling a sconce was deserved would be required to ask for its imposition ( often in a `` scholarly '' language such as Latin or Ancient Greek ) . Should their request be granted a large vessel , usually full of beer , would be called for and the offender would have to attempt to drink it down in one go ( perhaps while standing on the table ) . The amount of a sconce varied from two pints at Corpus , Oriel or Jesus , up to three and three quarter pints at St John 's . [ 2 ] Several colleges retain impressive antique `` sconce pots '' in their silver collections .
In the event that a person failed to drain their sconce , they were generally required to pay for the contents . It was also once relatively common for the sconced person to choose to share the contents of the sconce with their neighbours at table , thereby making amends to the `` victims '' of the original breach of good manners .
In modern times [ edit ]
Sconcing today is a phenomenon associated with 'crew dates ' , when typically a men 's sports team and a women 's sports team have dinner together . Anyone at the table may stand and announce `` I sconce anyone who ... '' . Those to whom the description applies must then stand and either take a drink or finish their glass . In this way it resembles the drinking game Never have I ever , but with focus on an individual , and no requirement for sconces to proceed around the table . [ 3 ]
Two years ago , the Arizona Diamondbacks celebrated their 2011 NL West title by taking a swim in the Chase Field pool .
Thursday , the Los Angeles Dodgers celebrated their 2013 NL West title by taking a swim in the Chase Field pool .
That has upset some folks in Arizona , which makes sense . The Dodgers had already been asked not to return to the field after celebrating in the clubhouse , yet they did so anyway .
“ I think it 's tired and disrespectful , ” D-backs infielder Willie Bloomquist said of the dip in the pool . “ It 's surprising because they have a lot of veteran guys on that team that I thought were classier than that . ”
Bloomquist , though , made sure to give credit to the Dodgers for winning the division . But that does not mean he 's happy about how they 've decided to celebrate .
“ But there 's a fine line between going overboard at someone else 's place and doing that , I think , ” they added . “ But what are we going to do about it ? There 's not much we can do about it now . They 've clinched the division this year , but if that 's how they 're going to act and be classless , that 's their gig , that 's their clubhouse . I just think it 's disrespectful and classless . ”
However , the guess here is that 's not of much concern to the Dodgers . The teams have been bitter rivals for the better part of the last three seasons , with a brawl breaking out between the two earlier this season when some beanballs were thrown .
So , whether this is a classless move or not , it appears the rivalry is about to get even more heated .
Follow @ AZSports
`` What if you could take the romance of a John Hughes film , mix it with the fun times of 'Dazed and Confused ' and have the life lessons of 'The Spectacular Now ' ... that 's Colossal Youth . '' Writer/Director Scott Leisk
NEW Teaser scene ! 'Siobhan Fight '
Teaser scene # 1
Teaser scene # 2
Colossal Youth is a teenage coming of age , romantic , comedy , drama . When their dream girl returns to school a hopeless romantic teen tries to win their heart , until they hit rock bottom and realizes their true love has been there all along . We 're still working on the trailer so please watch the mood reel below which outlines the basic story premise and gives a sense of the overall style and tone of the film .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
`` It 's about the pain of what it 's like to love someone who does n't love you back from the perspective of male teenager . '' Writer/Director Scott Leisk
Why Crowdfunding on Kickstarter ? Why Scott Leisk wrote Colossal Youth ?
Riker Lynch discusses their role as Greg .
Kimmy Caruso discusses their character Erica .
Troy Osterberg on their character Ryder .
The story follows a group of friends through their senior year of high school but it 's mainly told through the eyes of one ; Ryder Jensen . Ryder is a hopeless romantic teen , lacking direction , trying to find their place in the world . When it comes to love , life and making the right choices , Ryder is their own worst enemy .
Ryder and their friends are excited about their senior year but worry about graduation and their futures but that does n't stop them from having plenty of foolish teenage adventures . Ryder 's dream girl Siobhan comes back into their life . Their relationship is and always has been full of ups and downs . Ryder meets other girls but none are as interesting to them as Siobhan .
It 's not until when Ryder hits rock bottom , that they realize the true girl of their dreams Erica has been there all along , the problem is she 's the girlfriend of one of their good buddies . Ryder and Erica have been friends since they were 9 , so they could n't possibly be right for one another ... or could they ?
Colossal Youth is an honest look at the real struggle of what it 's like to survive high school . The overall message of the film is there are tough lessons in life but when we persist and not give up we can prevail .
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person and if we do n't love and respect ourselves we wo n't be able to realize we deserve better .
Overcoming being your own worst enemy , father son / mother son relationships , loneliness , insecurity , unrequited love , teenage heartache , death of a friend , and drunk driving .
`` Colossal Youth is named such because life as a teen is large , `` colossal '' everything means more , feels more ... life , death , relationships ... the stakes are higher whether self imposed or actual . '' Writer/Director Scott Leisk
`` The vision for this film is show the fun times , but also the fragility , insecurity , loneliness and uncertainty of teenage life . As teens we think we are invincible . I look back on my own high school experience now with a sense of wonder at how I even survived . '' Writer / director Scott Leisk wanted to write this story to show what it is like to “ survive ” the high school experience . The story is semi-autobiographical depicting some of the things that they experienced in high school .
Scott Leisk : Director/Writer/Producer
R. Scott Leisk is an award winning film director and screenwriter . Scott was born in Florida but grew up in Houston , Texas . They have always had an affinity towards movies and played around with their parents ' Super 8 camera as a child making home movies . They graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a BS in Radio , TV , Film ( RTF ) .
They have written multiple screenplays that have been accepted in film festivals and been highly reviewed on the Black List . Their debut feature film 'Gang Money Run ' went on to win awards , played internationally in Ireland and was available on Red Box and is now available on DVD on Amazon , Best Buy .
Scott Leisk 's Reel / What Colossal Youth title means
Aaron Lee Lopez of Mutt Productions : Producer
Aaron has extensive film experience working on big budget Hollywood films and independent features . http : //www.imdb.com/name/nm1883831
Mutt Productions A San Antonio / LA based production company . They are adept at stretching low budgets while still creating films with high production value . See their work : http : //www.imdb.com/company/co025929
Amza Moglan : Director of Photography
Amza Moglan is a Romanian cinematographer who moved to the United States to pursue a career in film , having been interested and exposed to it from a young age . They studied at Colombia College in Chicago and after graduating the top five in their class , they began working as a camera operator and cinematographer . Amza Moglan got their start on THERE WILL BE BLOOD ( 2007 ) , and never looked back .
Their cinematography portfolio includes shorts , commercials , music videos , and feature films such as HOW TO MAKE MONEY SELLING DRUGS ( 2011 ) , THE RETURN OF JOHNNY V. ( 2011 ) , MILES TO GO ( 2012 ) , IMPERIAL DREAMS ( 2014 ) GANG MONEY RUN ( 2014 ) GINO 'S WIFE ( 2014 ) , THIS IS HAPPENING ( 2015 ) THE GREEN GHOST ( 2016 ) and most recently COLOSSAL YOUTH . Amza resides and works out of Los Angeles , CA .
http : //www.imdb.com/name/nm3005273
We completed production July 30th 2016 . Our goal is to complete a rough cut of the film in time to submit to SXSW for a hopeful World Premiere in March 2017 ! The money raised will go directly toward the post-production costs to make a full feature film to include : Editing , sound mixing , music rights , marketing materials , color correction , film festival submission fees .
Check out our cool REWARDS ! ! !
In exchange for your generous support check out some of the cool perks we are offering such as CD Mix-Tape , DVD , Blu-Rays , BTS videos , USB drive of BTS photos and Exclusive Kickstarter collector edition signed posters ! Behind the scenes access , video diaries , or come to the red carpet premiere ! Once commercially available means once the film has found distribution . But we assure you that you will get your DVD/Blu-Ray before anyone else in the world .
Choose your limited edition Kickstarter only poster !
Here 's 12 but we will be adding more designs during the campaign !
Great Reward Combo Deals Available !
Please share the project on Facebook and Twitter with your friends and family . Make it personal ; share with others your enthusiasm to see this film made ! Try to get at least 5 people on board and interested in being a backer . There are instances where a backer that are following the film 's Facebook page have shared the post on their personal page and it generates the interest of their friends who would have otherwise never know about the film or the campaign . Kickstarter has created easy to use sharing tools !
You are the biggest asset we have in reaching more people . We can do this ! Thank you for all your support !
BY : Follow @ CharlesFLehman
Virginia 's Democratic lieutenant governor , Ralph Northam , has been visiting abortion clinics on the campaign trail for governor .
Northam stopped at an Alexandria clinic last week and spoke to a dozen supporters . Northam touted their work blocking anti-abortion legislation during their time in the Virginia State Senate , according to the Wall Street Journal .
Northam emphasized their consistency on their pro-abortion views .
Virginia Lt. Gov . Ralph Northam has been doing campaign stops inside abortion clinics to tout their pro-choice stance https : //t.co/jU0sVZcwDb — Reid J. Epstein ( @ reidepstein ) April 12 , 2017
`` My opponent has gone around sticking their finger up and seeing which way the political wind is blowing , switching , flip-flopping on women 's issues , flip-flopping on gun issues , '' said Northam , whereas they have `` never flip-flopped on those things . ''
Northam is endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice America , a major pro-abortion PAC . According to the Washington Post , NARAL 's leaders chose to endorse Northam due to their long-standing support for abortion , as well as primary opponent Tom Perriello 's vote to block funding for abortion under Obamacare .
In a press release announcing their endorsement , NARAL touted Northam 's support for expanded abortion services : `` Ralph Northam has not only consistently opposed attacks on abortion and birth control throughout their political career , but has been an outspoken , affirmative champion for expanding access to the services women need to make the reproductive decisions that are right for themselves and their families . ''
The press release also noted that it gave Northam a 100 percent score on its legislative scorecard for all six years Northam was a state senator .
The image depicts a human-like figure affixed to a cross and possessing the head of a donkey . In the top right of the image is what has been interpreted as either the Greek letter upsilon or a tau cross . [ 1 ] To the left of the image is a young man , apparently intended to represent Alexamenos , [ 7 ] a Roman soldier/guard , raising one hand in a gesture possibly suggesting worship . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Beneath the cross is a caption written in crude Greek : ΑΛΕ ξΑΜΕΝΟϹ ϹΕΒΕΤΕ ϑΕΟΝ . ϹΕΒΕΤΕ can be understood as a variant spelling ( possibly a phonetic misspelling ) [ 2 ] of Standard Greek ϹΕΒΕΤΑΙ , which means `` worships '' . The full inscription would then be read as Ᾰλεξᾰ́μενος σέβεται θεόν , `` Alexamenos worships [ his ] God '' . [ 2 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] Several other sources suggest `` Alexamenos worshiping a god '' , or similar variants , as the intended translation . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
No clear consensus has been reached on when the image was made . Dates ranging from the late 1st to the late 3rd century have been suggested , [ 16 ] with the beginning of the 3rd century thought to be the most likely . [ 10 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
The graffito was discovered in 1857 when a building called the domus Gelotiana was unearthed on the Palatine Hill . The emperor Caligula had acquired the house for the imperial palace , which , after Caligula died , became used as a Paedagogium ( boarding school ) for the imperial page boys . Later , the street on which the house sat was walled off to give support to extensions to the buildings above , and it thus remained sealed for centuries . [ 19 ]
The inscription is usually taken to be a mocking depiction of a Christian in the act of worship . [ 20 ] At the time , pagans derided Christians for worshipping a man who had been crucified . [ 20 ] The donkey 's head and crucifixion would both have been considered insulting depictions by contemporary Roman society . Crucifixion continued to be used as an execution method for the worst criminals until its abolition by the emperor Constantine in the 4th century , and the impact of seeing a figure on a cross is comparable to the impact today of portraying a man with a hangman 's noose around their neck or seated in an electric chair . [ 21 ]
It seems to have been commonly believed at the time that Christians practiced onolatry ( donkey-worship ) . That was based on the misconception that Jews worshipped a god in the form of a donkey , a claim made by Apion ( 30-20 BC – c. AD 45-48 ) : [ 22 ] Josephus writes :
Origen reports in their treatise Contra Celsum that the pagan philosopher Celsus made the same claim against Christians and Jews : [ 23 ]
Tertullian , writing in the late 2nd or early 3rd century , reports that Christians , along with Jews , were accused of worshipping such a deity . They also mention an apostate Jew who carried around Carthage a caricature of a Christian with ass 's ears and hooves , labeled Deus Christianorum ὀνοκοίτης [ 24 ] ( `` The God of the Christians conceived of an ass. '' ) . [ 25 ]
It has also been suggested that both the graffito and the roughly contemporary gems with Crucifixion images are related to heretical groups outside the Church . [ 26 ]
A small minority of scholars consider the image to be not of Jesus , but of some other deity . [ 27 ]
In the image , Alexamenos is portrayed venerating an image of the crucifix , a detail that Peter Maser believed to represent actual Christian practice of veneration of icons . This practice , however , was not known to be a part of Christian worship until the 4th or 5th century . [ 28 ]
Grand Rapids , MI – December 4 , 2013 –Goodrich Quality Theaters , Inc. , a mid-west movie theater chain , announced today that Goodrich will install Dolby® Atmos™ at their northern Indianapolis location , Hamilton 16 + IMAX , located at 13825 Norell Rd , Noblesville , IN 46060 . Dolby Atmos unleashes the potential of sound in storytelling by giving filmmakers the creative freedom to easily place or move sounds anywhere in the movie theatre to create a life-like , virtual reality of sound and the most engaging cinema experience ever . This Dolby Atmos installation will feature Klipsch® premium cinema speakers .
Hamilton 16 will premiere this powerful sound format in their High Frame Rate ( HFR , shot at 48 frames per second ) auditorium that will feature Warner Bros . The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug HFR 3D on Friday December 13 , 2013 . The Hamilton 16 IMAX will be the first location in Indiana to feature Dolby Atmos . Dolby Atmos has quickly become the preferred choice for next-generation sound in the cinema with major studios , award-winning filmmakers , and exhibitors from around the world embracing the solution .
“ The ability for Dolby Atmos to place sounds around and even above the audience delivers a very realistic movie-going experience to every seat in the theatre , ” says Martin Betz , Chief Operating Officer of Goodrich Quality Theaters . “ Dolby Atmos is the next level in cinematic sound and we are excited to bring this revolutionary new experience to our patrons at the Hamilton 16 IMAX . ”
“ With our global headquarters in Indianapolis , it 's an honor to be part of the first-ever Dolby Atmos theater in the state , ” said Rob Standley , regional vice president of commercial sales for Klipsch . “ We are fortunate to have been chosen by many theaters and exhibitors for Dolby Atmos installations , including the first industry demonstration of the format by Dolby . Additionally , the theater is one our team will be able to frequent while also sitting conveniently across the street from the Klipsch Music Center amphitheater . ”
“ With Dolby Atmos the audiences are no longer watching a movie , they are experiencing it , ” said Tim Schafbuch , Director of Cinema Sales , Dolby Laboratories . “ We are confident that movie-goers will go back again and again for the extraordinary experience that only Dolby Atmos can deliver . ”
Tickets are now on sale for The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug and plays in various formats available in 2D , 3D , IMAX 3D and HFR 3D . The HFR 3D version will feature Dolby Atmos for the first time at Hamilton 16 IMAX at the premiere showing of 12:01am on Friday December 13th . To view showtimes or purchase tickets , go online to www.GoodrichQualityTheaters.com .
Goodrich plans to add Dolby Atmos in three auditoriums at the all new Quality 10 GDX theater in Saginaw , MI opening January 17 , 2014 . GDX is Goodrich 's first cutting-edge large format auditorium featuring a giant 70 feet wide screen almost four stories tall .
About Goodrich Quality Theaters
Goodrich Quality Theaters is headquartered in Grand Rapids , MI . It operates 30 theaters in Michigan , Indiana , Illinois and Missouri : totaling 277 screens that feature all digital projection . The circuit also includes four IMAX locations . For more information go to www.GoodrichQualityTheaters.com . 4417 Broadmoor Ave . SE Kentwood , MI 49512 • www.GoodrichQualityTheaters.com
About Dolby Atmos
Dolby Laboratories is equipping the cinema world with its new Dolby Atmos technology , the only objectbased cinema sound platform available today . Dolby Atmos unleashes the potential of sound in storytelling by providing sound experts the creative freedom to easily place or move specific sounds anywhere in the movie theatre , not just where there happen to be speakers . The result is what moviegoers have described as the most engaging and lifelike cinema sound experience ever .
Introduced in April 2012 , Dolby Atmos has been embraced by all the major Hollywood studios , six Academy Award® winning directors , and 11 Academy Award winning sound mixers , among others . More than 400 Dolby Atmos screens have been installed or committed to in 33 countries with more than 100 exhibitor partners . More than 85 films from 10 different countries—representing a broad range of genres , from action thrillers and animated features , to comedy and horror—have been or are scheduled to be released with Dolby Atmos sound since the first film debuted in June 2012 .
Dolby Atmos has received technical achievement awards from both the Hollywood Post Alliance and the Cinema Audio Society . As the inventors of the only object-based audio format used in the cinema today , Dolby is working closely with the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers in driving adoption of standards for object-based audio .
For the latest list of Dolby Atmos titles , visit dolby.com/atmosmovies . To learn more about Dolby Atmos , visit dolby.com/Atmos .
About Klipsch Premium Speakers
For over 65 years , Klipsch has designed premium speakers for those who are passionate about great sound . Company founder Paul W. Klipsch started this legacy in 1946 , and it continues today with sheer commitment to innovation and delivering the world 's most powerful , detailed and emotional sound reproduction . Today , the brand 's diverse product portfolio encompasses home theater , professional cinema , installed whole-house contracting , commercial , computer speakers , iPod® docks and headphones . As one of the first U.S. loudspeaker companies , Klipsch continues to be the high-performance brand of choice for audiophiles and home theater aficionados around the world . Klipsch Group , Inc. is also a wholly-owned subsidiary of VOXX International Corporation ( NASDAQ : VOXX ) .
Contacts : Heath Thomas , Regional Manager , Goodrich Quality Theaters Ph : 616-827-6530 , Email : hthomas @ gqti.com
Ethics bait-and-switcher Stephan Lewandowsky and their sidekick , Klaus Oberauer , have added hide the decline to their repertoire at the University of Western Australia blog .
As CA readers are well aware , the Briffa et al 2001 reconstruction , based on 387 tree ring density chronologies , goes down in the latter part of the 20th century – clearly contradicting the Mann reconstruction . The inconsistency between the two reconstructions ought to have troubled anyone with an actual scientific interest in the validity of these reconstructions . However , in order not to “ dilute the message ” in IPCC TAR , climate scientists chose to “ hide the decline ” , by simply deleting adverse data that went down . “ Hiding the Decline ” is the title of Andrew Montford 's forthcoming book .
Lewandowsky appears to be yet another person who has been “ tricked ” ( TM – climate science ) by IPCC and others hiding the decline in the Briffa reconstruction . In their post on replication , Lewandowsky claimed that the Briffa et al 2001 decline not only did not contradict the Mann hockey stick , but replicated it :
Replicable effects such as the conjunction fallacy are obviously not confined to cognitive science . In climate science , for example , the iconic “ hockey stick ” which shows that the current increase in global temperatures is unprecedented during the past several centuries if not millennia , has been replicated numerous times since Mann et al . published their seminal paper in 1998 . ( Briffa et al. , 2001 ; Briffa et al. , 2004 ; Cook et al . 2004 ; D'Arrigo et al. , 2006 ; Esper et al. , 2002 ; Hegerl et al. , 2006 ; Huang et al. , 2000 ; Juckes et al. , 2007 ; Kaufman et al. , 2009 ; Ljungqvist , 2010 ; Moberg et al. , 2005 ; Oerlemans , 2005 ; Pollack & Smerdon , 2004 ; Rutherford et al. , 2005 ; Smith et al. , 2006 ) .
One of the fundamental properties of proxy series is whether they go up or down in the 20th century – a seemingly elementary phenomenon that we reflected on in connection with Mann and upside-down Tiljander here , where a reader linked to an amusing video in which the protagonists did n't care whether data went up or down , a video that seems apt for Lewandowsky as well :
Aside from satire , surely the reconstruction between the Briffa reconstruction and the Mann reconstruction ought to be more worrying to anyone actually interested in proxy reconstructions . Both the Mann reconstruction and the Briffa reconstruction used very large networks of tree ring data : explaining why one series went up while the other went down ought to have been a priority for specialists . ( The “ consensus ” explanation by the Hockey Team is simply incorrect and all-too-typical armwaving . They claim that the Briffa reconstruction , unlike the others , is from a small geographically unrepresentative subset . In fact , the Briffa reconstruction is from a very large network of 387 sites , while the other reconstructions cited above are from small ( 5-18 site ) networks , in which bristlecones and/or Yamal are important components . The Mann reconstruction , like Briffa , is from a large network , but its methodology results in very high weighting to the bristlecones . )
The idea that present temperatures are “ unprecedented during the past several centuries ” was definitely not original to the Mann hockey stick , as this view dated back to at least Hubert Lamb and could be said to be a consensus view .
Nor does the “ replication ” claimed by Lewandowsky necessarily impress all specialists . Esper et al 2012 ( with coauthors Zorita , Wilson and Timonen ) recently criticized Lewandowsky 's prefered reconstructions in terms reminiscent of Climate Audit , as follows :
The missing millennial scale trends in existing TRW records as well as the increased cooling trend after removal of this proxy type from the Arctic-wide estimates both suggest that the widely cited hemispheric reconstructions underestimate pre-instrumental temperatures to some extent . This hypothesis seems to be important as most of the annually resolved , large-scale records are solely composed of or dominated ( on longer timescales ) by TRW data , and their spatial domain encompasses the Northern Hemisphere extratropics including northern boreal and Arctic environments . Inclusion of tree-ring data that lack millennial scale cooling trends , as revealed here ( Fig . 3 and Supplementary Fig . S1 ) , thus probably causes an underestimation of historic temperatures .
D'Arrigo et al 2006 , one of the supposed confirmations of the Stick , spoke against the ability to draw conclusions of the medieval relative to modern period as follows :
we stress that presently available paleoclimatic reconstructions are inadequate for making specific inferences , at hemispheric scales , about MWP warmth relative to the present anthropogenic period and that such comparisons can only still be made at the local/regional scale
Social Priming
Lewandowsky , who has written in the past on “ social priming ” , noted in their post that Kahneman had recently slagged social priming theories ( a development covered at CA here . ) Lewandowky 's post cited the following classic example of social priming :
For example , it has been reported that people walk out of the lab more slowly after being primed with words that relate to the concept “ old age ” ( Bargh et al. , 1996 )
As partial support for the concept of “ social priming ” , it seems to me that there is a statistically significant increase in the incidence of drivel in writings by activists after being primed with words that relate to “ climate skeptics ” . This hypothesis will be more difficult to test among authors where the incidence of drivel is already high , even without social priming .
How ? Did you even think that statement through ? Let 's look at it logically :
1. we currently have free mods of Quality X
2. we introduce paid mods . paid mods are sold for high prices and the Quality becomes 2X for a brief period of time while people capitalise on the new market
3. the mechanics of paid modding allow for this hard work to be quickly and easily copy-catted , and so substitute goods appear that undercut the original goods
4. substitute goods , as every schoolboy knows ( providing your school was n't free ) drive prices down in this case . Quality remains at 2X at this point .
EDIT : SUBSTITUTE GOOD IS INCORRECT . They are not strictly substitute goods . They are simple competing goods . They do still drive prices down though .
5. now that prices are at absolute rock bottom , there is no incentive to make those excellent quality mods . Quality drops back to X , except this time there are less collaborative teams because some of the population that used to form those teams is now out to grab as much of the miniscule kitty as they can
6. market stabilizes at Quality of between 0.5X and X depending on how much you believe collaboration will be affected
7. end result : paid mods of Quality X or lower
Consumer loses out . Mods are not better , and they might even be worse . Your problem is that you assume there is already a customer to be benefited . If I already have everything I want for free , how do I benefit from paying for it ? I do n't . I only benefit if my money leads to better content - and that 's not guaranteed and probably actually wrong .
This is where you say `` but the producer benefits '' , except we already know that is n't true because except for the people at the very , very top prices will be so low and subscription rates so poor that nobody will make any real amounts of money .
Click to expand ...
This post was contributed by a community member .
Those of you with iPhone , iPad , or iPod ( remember those ? ) issues will soon have a new option for getting service . We usually bring ours to the on Cedar Street here in Bronxville , but often problems require taking the device directly to Apple , so the next stop is the Apple Store at The Westchester ( a pretentious name for a shopping mall ) in White Plains .
Not for long . Apple will be opening a massive store on the East Balcony of Grand Central Terminal soon , in the spot long occupied by the solid if unexciting Metrazur restaurant .
So , White Plains or Grand Central ? The former is about a 20 minute drive , after which you 'll pay about $ 2 for parking , plus about a gallon of gas at $ 4 , depending on your mileage . Call it $ 5 . A round trip , off-peak ticket to GCT from Bronxville is $ 14 , but if you 've got a monthly , you 've already paid . Drop off your pesky iPad in the morning , and you 'll be browsing The New Yorker app on your train ride home .
Hillary Clinton 's email scandal is rife with questions and misconduct , journalist Sharyl Attkisson toldWatchon DIRECTV Ch . 349 , DISH Ch . 223 and Verizon FiOS Ch . 115 . Geton your cable system –Attkisson appeared on The Steve Malzberg Show Wednesday and said she 's not convinced Clinton will be indicted by a grand jury . But that does n't mean there are n't suspicions of misconduct surrounding the case . `` I do believe there could be something there that falls short of them charging Hillary Clinton with something but there 's clearly serious questions , '' Attkisson said . `` There 's clearly been misconduct on somebody 's part because of documents that were n't turned over when they should be , should have been in various situations . `` So they could be looking at other players around her , they could be looking at conduct that falls short of something they would charge [ her ] with but I think something still is going on . `` The host of `` Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson , '' also speculated that Clinton 's use of a private email address during their time as Secretary of State could maybe have led to U.S . Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens ' pleas for more security falling on deaf ears before they were killed in a 2012 terror attack . `` Could people really reach to them without a gatekeeper or could someone like Chris Stevens , did they or could they have found their email address directly if they are n't using their work email or the government email ? '' Attkisson said .
WASHINGTON — It 's one of those promises the president would probably like to forget .
In vowing to make the Veterans Administration the model of national health-care reform back in 2008 , the outlook for scandal-plagued Obamacare suddenly seems even worse .
WND has discovered that during their transition into the White House in 2008-09 , President Obama proposed in their “ Obama-Biden ” plan to “ make the VA a leader of national health care reform so that veterans get the best care possible . ”
However , instead of fixing the VA , the administration has had to defend its role in the death of veterans by neglect .
Meanwhile , WND is reporting that eight years earlier , in a failed run for Congress , Obama unveiled a sweeping health-care plan that modeled aspects of the Veterans Administration 's medical system .
The VA problems became a national sensation April 14 when CNN reported that at least 40 U.S. veterans died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix VA , many of whom were placed on a secret waiting list .
The discovery of the Obama-Biden VA plan fits a pattern that has come to light this week in which Obama repeatedly warned , or was warned , of serious problems at the VA but apparently did little in response .
In the document labeled the Obama-Biden Plan from the Office of the President Elect , Obama makes a series of promises to veterans , including :
Fix the Benefits Bureaucracy : Hire additional claims workers , and improve training and accountability so that VA benefit decisions are rated fairly and consistently . Transform the paper benefit claims process to an electronic one to reduce errors and improve timeliness .
Strengthen VA Care : Make the VA a leader of national health care reform so that veterans get the best care possible . Improve care for polytrauma vision impairment , prosthetics , spinal cord injury , aging , and women 's health .
Fully Fund VA Medical Care : Fully fund the VA so it has all the resources it needs to serve the veterans who need it , when they need it . Establish a world-class VA Planning Division to avoid future budget shortfalls .
The Obama-Biden plan seems to have fallen so far short of its promise to “ Fix the Benefits Bureaucracy ” that the VA itself has admitted 23 vets have died waiting for care , and investigations of possible death-by-neglect have spread to 26 VA facilities around the country .
As WND has reported , Obama was warned about severe problems at the VA repeatedly over the years , even before they became president .
WND discovered that Obama was briefed on problems at the VA as far back as 2005 , when they were a senator and a member of the Veterans Affairs committee .
In a 2007 speech , Sen. Obama said , “ Keeping faith with those who serve must always be a core American value and a cornerstone of American patriotism . Because America 's commitment to its servicemen and women begins at enlistment , and it must never end . ”
The Washington Times reported Monday that the Obama administration received notice more than five years ago that VA medical facilities were reporting inaccurate waiting times and experiencing scheduling failures that threatened to deny veterans timely health care .
VA officials reportedly warned the Obama-Biden transition team in the weeks after the 2008 presidential election that the wait times the facilities were reporting were not trustworthy .
More recently , House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller , R-Fla. , wrote a letter to Obama on May 21 , 2013 , that warned : “ an alarming pattern of serious and significant patient care issues at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Centers ( VAMCs ) across the country … ( including ) failures , deceptions , and lack of accountability permeating VA 's healthcare system … I believe your direct involvement and leadership is required . ”
And , WND reported last week that Sen. Patty Murray , D-Wash. , reminded VA Secretary Eric Shinseki that Congress had been informed two years ago that gaming the system at the VA was so widespread , employees would look to get around regulations as soon as the rules were implemented .
Democrats have been quick to say the problems were caused by an increase in veterans in the system due to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and that the solution is to increase spending on the VA .
Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-W.Va. , said , “ If the VA does not have enough doctors to see these patients , then these problems are a result of a lack of funding . ”
On Sunday 's “ Meet the Press , ” NBC News chief Pentagon reporter Jim Miklaszewski claimed , “ You have a VA that is overwhelmed and under-resourced , ” adding , “ There 's just not enough money right now in the federal government to fix it . ”
However , John Merline at Investor 's Business Daily crunched the numbers and found that just was n't true .
On the contrary , they found the VA 's budget has been exploding , even as the number of veterans steadily declines .
VA spending nearly tripled from 2000 to 2013 , while the population of veterans declined by 4.3 million .
Even more telling , wounded warriors coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan are not increasing treatment costs .
Those vets are actually far cheaper to treat than aging vets .
A Congressional Budget Office report found that they cost $ 4,800 , on average , in 2010 compared with $ 8,800 for other veterans who used the system .
It also found , while these Iraq and Afghan vets account for 7 percent of those treated , they were responsible for only 4 percent of its health costs .
Iraq and Afghan vets , the report found , “ are typically younger and healthier than the average VHA patient and as a result are less expensive to treat . ”
Still , the VA scandal keeps exploding , with no signs of slowing down . VA Secretary Shinseki had testified before the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee last week that they were not aware of problems similar to those in Phoenix at other VA facilities , except in isolated cases . But emboldened whistleblowers have now identified 26 VA facilities around the country experiencing similar problems .
Just Thursday , an attorney claimed their client died of neglect by the Seattle Veterans Affairs hospital .
The attorney said Donald Douglass had a small spot on their forehead confirmed as cancerous when they went to the Seattle VA hospital in 2011 , but it was four months before the hospital scheduled an appointment for them to have it removed — and by then , it had spread , wrapping around a facial nerve and eventually getting into their blood .
According to attorney Jessica Holman , “ Had they had their surgery timely , he 'd be alive today . ”
In Miami , a criminal investigator for the VA police department in South Florida went to a local television station because , they said , the VA told them to stop investigating drug deals on hospital grounds .
“ People are dying , ” Detective Thomas Fiore said , “ and there are so many things that are going on there that people need to know about . ”
Fiore claimed illegal drug deals area occur daily at the hospital , involving , “ Anything from your standard prescription drugs like OxyContin , Vicodin , Percocet , and of course marijuana , cocaine , heroin , I 've come across them all . ”
They say they were even stopped from investigating reports of missing drugs from the VA pharmacy by the official in charge .
“ I was instructed that I was to stop conducting investigations pertaining to controlled substance discrepancies , ” by the hospital 's chief of staff , Dr. Vincent DeGennaro , said Fiore .
The growing scandal could affect upcoming elections , because if the VA problems offer a preview of government-run health insurance , then Republicans may be rapidly acquiring explosive new ammunition in their efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare .
Former AP Washington Bureau Chief Ron Fournier , now with National Journal , said Obama 's poor handling of the mismanagement at the Department of Veterans Affairs could plague their presidency as an all-time low point .
“ The president has known the VA has been a mess for a long time , and has n't done anything to get it fixed , ” they said . “ It 's gotten worse recently — at least for the last two years , we 've known we 've had these problems and nothing 's been done , ” said Fournier .
However , leading liberals have long touted the VA as an efficient model of government-run health care .
New York times columnist Paul Krugman called the VA a “ huge success story ” in 2011 , saying “ [ I ] t 's free from the perverse incentives created when doctors and hospitals profit from expensive tests and procedures , whether or not those procedures actually make medical sense . ”
Krugman added , “ Yes , this is ‘ socialized medicine ' … But it works , and suggests what it will take to solve the troubles of US health care more broadly . ”
In 2009 , their fellow New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof , wrote , “ Take the hospital system run by the Department of Veterans Affairs , the largest integrated health system in the United States . It is fully government run , much more ‘ socialized medicine ' than is Canadian health care with its private doctors and hospitals . And the system for veterans is by all accounts one of the best-performing and most-cost-effective elements in the American medical establishment . ”
Follow Garth Kant on Twitter @ DCgarth
UPDATED : This news is not excellent .
Harry Shearer , one of The Simpsons ' main voice actors , announced on Wednesday night that they are exiting the long-running animated series . Shearer posted a tweet appearing to quote a lawyer for executive producer James L. Brooks that read “ show will go on , Harry will not be part of it , wish them the best . ”
In a second tweet , Shearer explained : “ This because I wanted what we 've always had : the freedom to do other work . Of course , I wish them the very best . ”
While the other principal cast members—Dan Castellaneta , Julie Kavner , Nancy Cartwright , Yeardley Smith , and Hank Azaria—had inked deals to continue with the show for two more seasons when it was renewed last week , Shearer had not yet signed a contract . To make sure that there was no delay in the airing schedule , The Simpsons began production on season 27 without Shearer , though producers remained hopeful that they would ultimately come to terms .
On Thursday morning , executive producer Al Jean confirmed the news , retweeting Shearer and noting on Twitter , “ The show will go on , made by people who love it and see in it the most wonderful vehicle for satire ever . ”
In a statement given to reporters , Jean added : “ Harry Shearer was offered the same deal the rest of the cast accepted , and passed . The show will go on and we wish them well . Maggie took it hard. ” Sources tell EW that the issue was Shearer 's schedule , and that the actor would not agree to record their dialogue “ in a timely manner , ” unlike the rest of the cast .
The good news is that Shearer 's characters will most definitely continue , albeit with a different actor playing their iconc roles . “ We do not plan to kill off characters like Burns and Flanders but will recast with the finest voiceover talent available , ” Jean said .
The loss of Shearer is significant , as they voice such beloved characters as Mr. Burns , Ned Flanders , Smithers , Seymour Skinner and Otto , among many others . The 71-year-old actor/satirist/author/comedian/Spinal Tap vet , who also hosts the syndicated radio program Le Show , has been with The Simpsons since its launch in 1989 .
Some of the tweets :
. @ thesimpsons # everysimpsonsever The show will go on , made by people who love it and see in it the most wonderful vehicle for satire ever . — Al Jean ( @ AlJean ) May 14 , 2015
from James L. Brooks ' lawyer : “ show will go on , Harry will not be part of it , wish them the best. ” . ( 1/2 ) — Harry Shearer ( @ theharryshearer ) May 14 , 2015
This because I wanted what we 've always had : the freedom to do other work . Of course , I wish them the very best . ( 2/2 ) — Harry Shearer ( @ theharryshearer ) May 14 , 2015
Thanks , Simpsons fans , for your support . — Harry Shearer ( @ theharryshearer ) May 14 , 2015
Representatives for Shearer and Fox could not be reached for comment . Last week , they tweeted a link to the official Fox press release about the show 's renewal , pointing out the fact that it did not mention the cast members : “ Does n't this show have a cast ? ”
The show has weathered tense negotiations and contract disputes in the past , but always came out of it with the full cast intact . In 2011 , as part of a way to reduce costs for the aging show , 20th Century Fox , the studio that produces The Simpsons , told the actors that they would have to take a 45-percent pay cut from their $ 400,000-plus-per episode deals to keep the show alive . ( Shearer released a public statement during the stalemate , proposing a 70-percent pay cut in exchange for some profit participation . ) The cast eventually agreed to a salary reduction , though not as steep as 45 percent ; they 're believed to be earning more than $ 300,00 per episode . In 1998 , the studio threatened to replace the actors before both sides came to terms .
Fox will air the season 26 finale of The Simpsons on May 17 .
Finland is changing not just what children learn but how they learn ( Picture : PA )
Finland has one of the best education systems in the world .
The prestigious PISA rankings place it among the world 's highest for maths , reading and science , and teachers flock to the country from all over the globe to learn from its success .
It may come as a surprise , therefore , that Finland is undergoing a radical overhaul in its education system , dropping ‘ teaching by subject ' in favour of ‘ teaching by phenomenon ' .
MORE : Children should be given sex education from five to protect their innocence
Cross-subject topics like the European Union will replace classes like English Literature ( Picture : PA )
Traditional lessons such as English Literature will be replaced by more general topics like the European Union , which will include elements of economics and history , foreign languages and geography .
‘ We really need a rethinking of education and a redesigning of our system , so it prepares our children for the future with the skills that are needed for today and tomorrow , ' Marjo Kyllonen , Helsinki 's education manager , told the Independent .
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘ There are schools that are teaching in the old fashioned way which was of benefit in the beginnings of the 1900s – but the needs are not the same and we need something fit for the 21st century . '
But it 's not just what pupils will learn that 's changing . How they learn is also undergoing change . Teaching is becoming collaborative , with students solving problems together in small groups rather than sitting quietly in front of the teacher .
MORE : Homework is pointless , according to an educational expert
Pupils will collaborate more , rather than sit passively in front of a teacher ( Picture : Getty Images )
And Westminster will no doubt be watching Finland with interest . There has been growing criticism in the UK of our education system , with schools accused of being ‘ exam factories ' , rather than teaching communication skills or building character .
Despite some reservations among Finns , namely from teachers who have spent their lives dedicated to one specific subject , early data indicates the change is having benefits :
Pupil ‘ outcomes ' ( which have replaced pupil ‘ standards ' ) have improved in the two years since the new teaching system was introduced in certain schools .
MORE : ‘ Please use your education appropriately ' : English teacher corrects student 's bad spelling and grammar in nasty letter
Microsoft 's VC++ compiler has an option to generate instructions for new instruction sets such as AVX and AVX2 , which can lead to more efficient code when running on compatible CPUs . So , an obvious tactic is to compile critical math-heavy functions twice , once with and once without /arch : AVX ( or whatever instruction set you want to optionally support ) .
It seems like a good idea , and it 's been used in various forms for years , but it 's devilishly difficult to do safely . It usually works , but guaranteeing that is trickier than I had realized .
Let 's say that we have a function called NonAVXMath . This function works great but we know that it would be faster if compiled with /arch : AVX . So we copy our function to another source file ( or use the pre-processor to give the same effect ) , rename the copy to AVXMath , compile the new source file with /arch : AVX , and then at runtime choose the appropriate function to call .
This seems simple enough , but it is n't . Let 's imagine that NonAVXMath calls some helper functions . Those functions are probably in header files so we do n't need to copy them – they will be pulled in as needed by the preprocessor . They will be compiled once with /arch : AVX and once without , and will be inlined into the functions , giving ideal code . And indeed , this is what happens most of the time .
But what happens if the inline functions are n't inlined ? For each translation unit the compiler will generate a copy of the inline functions that were not inlined . It is then the linker 's job to discard all but one copy of these functions . This is supposed to be safe because the function bodies are supposed to be identical . But they 're not because some use AVX instructions and some do n't .
It 's an ODR violation , essentially .
This can not end well
If the linker chooses the copy of the inline function that was compiled without AVX then your code will run everywhere but will run more slowly , because it is switching back and forth between AVX and SSE math .
If the linker chooses the copy that was compiled with AVX then your code will crash on machines that do n't support AVX ! This includes older CPUs that do n't support the AVX instruction set , older operating systems that do n't support AVX , or computers that have had AVX support disabled ( on Windows you can do this with “ bcdedit /set xsavedisable 1 ” and doing this used to be the recommended way of working around an old Windows 7 bug ) . In short , your program will crash for some customers .
Oops .
I created a sample project that demonstrates this . While the issue can happen in fully optimized LTCG builds ( and indeed it did happen recently to Chrome ) it is easier to demonstrate in a debug build . My test project contains two source files which both call floorf , one of which is compiled with /arch : AVX . The build.bat file compiles both and links them twice , once with the AVX file first and once with the AVX file last . Then it disassembles the floorf function in both executables to demonstrate that it varies . Here are the results when the AVX source file is linked last :
avx_last ! floorf :
push ebp
mov ebp , esp
push ecx
cvtss2sd xmm0 , dword ptr [ ebp+8 ]
sub esp,8
movsd mmword ptr [ esp ] , xmm0
call avx_last ! floor ( 001b3b60 )
add esp,8
fstp dword ptr [ ebp-4 ]
fld dword ptr [ ebp-4 ]
mov esp , ebp
pop ebp
ret
And here are the results when the AVX source file is linked first :
avx_first ! floorf :
push ebp
mov ebp , esp
push ecx
vcvtss2sd xmm0 , xmm0 , dword ptr [ ebp+8 ]
sub esp,8
vmovsd qword ptr [ esp ] , xmm0
call avx_first ! floor ( 00bb3b60 )
add esp,8
fstp dword ptr [ ebp-4 ]
fld dword ptr [ ebp-4 ]
mov esp , ebp
pop ebp
ret
The difference is subtle but important – instead of cvtss2sd the second version uses vcvtss2sd – the AVX variant of this instruction . In both cases the same floorf function will be called by both the AVX and non-AVX functions .
Now the problem is clear – but what is the solution ?
Careful link ordering
If you are careful to link the AVX files last then the compiler should grab the non-AVX versions . This seems like a terrible solution to me . It relies on undefined behavior in the linker , it wo n't work reliably with code that is in static link libraries , it is probably flaky in the face of LTCG , and it guarantees that your AVX code will be a mixture of SSE and AVX code that then runs slower than it should .
__forceinline
If you mark all of the relevant functions as __forceinline then the compiler is more likely to inline the functions . Your debug builds will probably still be broken , but maybe that 's okay . However even __forceinline does n't guarantee inlining ( some functions can not be inlined ) and it feels a bit sketchy to use __forceinline for correctness .
Namespaces
If you include all of the inline function definitions from an anonymous namespace or AVX-specific namespace then the functions are no longer considered the same and the linker will not collapse them . This technique has the advantage of actually guaranteeing correctness . You can either use an anonymous namespace or an AVX specific namespace . Using an AVX specific namespace is probably a better idea because it avoids the risk of ending up with multiple copies of functions that are n't inlined – one per translation unit . The problem with this solution is that many header files do n't like being added to an unexpected namespace – C/C++ standard headers are particularly unlikely to tolerate this .
static
Marking all of your inline functions as static works similarly to using an anonymous namespace . This means that it comes with the risk of getting multiple copies of non-inlined inline functions . However most linkers can automatically discard duplicate functions if the code bytes are identical – the /OPT : ICF option in the Visual C++ linker does this . Using static also guarantees correctness , as long as you tag every inline function in this manner .
math.h
But what about system header files such as math.h ? This is the file that I used in my example and it is the one that has twice caused problems for Google 's Chrome web browser . The current VC++ version of this file includes 49 __inline functions , including floorf which is our culprit today . Well , when there are n't any elegant solutions you have to go with inelegant . The solution that Chrome went with when we hit this problem was essentially :
# define __inline static __inline
# include < math.h >
# undef __inline
Look , we 're not proud of this solution , but it works . The ideal solution would be for Microsoft to modify math.h – and other header files – to mark inline functions as static . This is what gcc does . Otherwise /arch : AVX can not be used safely without extraordinary measures . I 've filed a bug to request this .
A separate DLL
There actually is one way to use /arch : AVX without gross hackery and that is to put all of the AVX code into a separate DLL , compiled entirely with /arch : AVX . Whether this works for you depends on your build system and method of distribution .
Toolchain fixes
Having VC++ tag the inline functions that it ships with static , like gcc/clang do , would avoid the specific problem of floorf and friends . But what about template functions such as std : :min , or inline functions written by random developers . A toolchain fix that defuse this landmine once and for all would be much better . A tempting option was suggested on Twitter . If all non-inlined inline functions had their name mangling altered to include a /arch : prefix then this problem would be resolved . My test binary would end up with _floorf and _floorf : avx and the linker would trivially resolve the correct functions . The programmer 's intent would be preserved , without the linker inefficiencies of marking every inline function as static ( which is n't even possible for template member functions ) .
Insert credits here
This problem was previously encountered a while ago by some other developers who use Chromium . They reported their internal bug here , and filed a VC++ bug here . They also contacted me to share their findings , which I appreciate .
Thanks to those on the Chrome team who came up with the ( ugly but effective ) static __inline solution , thus fixing Chrome 's canary builds for non-AVX capable customers , without having to disable /arch : AVX .
Reddit discussion is here , announcement tweet is here , hacker news discussion is here .
The House of Lords yesterday voted through a new clause to the Immigration Bill that removes the restriction on making people stateless .
In a 286 to 193 vote , peers relented in their opposition to plans to make terror suspects stateless , after the government made what one peer described as a ‘ very substantial concession ' .
The plans , which had become the most controversial clause in the Immigration Bill , expand on the Home Secretary 's existing ability to revoke the citizenship of those they believe pose a threat to the UK .
Under the current laws , the Home Secretary , Theresa May , is prevented from removing citizenship if it will leave the individual stateless – so in practice the power can only be used against dual-nationality citizens . Under the legislation , which has been compared by human rights lawyers to ‘ medieval exile ' , 27 people have lost their citizenship on national security grounds .
The new plans mean that May will be able to revoke the citizenship of naturalised citizens even if they have no alternative nationality to fall back on .
Yesterday peers agreed to amendments already approved by the Commons , including one stipulating that May can only make an individual stateless if they has ‘ reasonable grounds for believing ' they can acquire the citizenship of another country .
‘ Would another country seriously consider giving nationality … if it knew that British citizenship had been removed on the grounds that the person was believed to be in some way linked to , or to condone , international terrorism ? '
Baroness Kennedy QC
Peers including Baroness Kennedy QC , a barrister who is acting on behalf of former British citizen Mahdi Hashi , questioned whether this would work in practice .
‘ Would another country seriously consider giving nationality , even to someone who might have the ability to apply for nationality of that country , if it knew that British citizenship had been removed on the grounds that the person was believed to be in some way linked to , or to condone , international terrorism ? ' they asked .
But Lord Pannick QC , a crossbench peer who had previously tabled a successful motion calling for additional scrutiny of the plans , welcomed the plans as a ‘ very substantial concession ' and , after putting a series of questions to the government about how it might work , abstained from the vote .
The government also proposed that every three years an independent reviewer examine how the powers work – a modification of an earlier Liberal Democrat amendment calling for independent reporting every year . The government has suggested that the role may fall to David Anderson QC , the current reviewer of terrorism legislation .
The measures passed by 286 votes to 193 and will now return to the Commons for approval .
Yesterday 's vote brings to an end a four-month struggle by the government to pass the law . The plans were added to the bill in January , at the last minute of its initial passage through the Commons . The clause was voted through overwhelmingly after May told parliamentarians it was an essential power for protecting national security .
But the clause met with vocal opposition in the House of Lords , where peers voiced concerns about the ‘ evil of statelessness ' and suggested the proposal might breach international laws and harm international relations . Members of the parliamentary Joint Committee on Human Rights also published a report criticising the late addition of the measures to the bill , saying : ‘ [ The clause ] was not preceded by any consultation and the Government has not explained the urgency which requires it to be added to the Bill at such a late stage in the Commons . '
A coalition of influential lawyers , including a former director of public prosecutions , Lord Macdonald , a former Supreme Court judge , Lord Brown , and crossbencher Lord Pannick QC , tabled a motion calling for the proposals to be scrutinised by a committee comprising peers and MPs before they entered force .
This motion was voted through by the House of Lords , but the government tabled its alternative amendments in a bid to prevent it from becoming law .
During the parliamentary debates , Home Office ministers in both chambers cited the case of Hilal al Jedda , an Iraqi-born man who the Supreme Court ruled last year could not lose their British citizenship as they would illegally be made stateless . As the Bureau reported last year , weeks after the judgment , May revoked their citizenship for a second time .
Yesterday Home Office spokesperson Lord Taylor said that the al Jedda case had identified a ‘ loophole ' in the law – even though the restriction on making people stateless was a specific ban , rather than an omission .
The new power will not deal with all former British citizens who claim they are made stateless , however . It only applies to naturalised citizens – those who have acquired their citizenship as adults . Later this year , a Vietnamese-born graphic designer will argue in the Supreme Court that they were illegally made stateless by the loss of their citizenship . They came to the UK as a child and became a citizen at around the age of 12 , court papers show – and so does not appear to be affected by the new law .
Follow Alice Ross on Twitter . Sign up for email updates on the Citizenship Revoked investigation .
Flightgear is constantly under development and as the feature freeze for the next 3.2 release approaches , it is becoming increasingly clear what the next version will have to offer to users :
Missions
The Flightgear world is becoming more interesting…
A mission subsystem is being added . This allows to define tasks to be completed by a player which then receives points . Visual guidance symbols can be used to indicate the location of the next task . The mission system combines with the Milestone 4 release of the walker , and thus more complex adventures can be built in which the player has to exit an aircraft and walk to a certain location .
The walker subsystem now allows for more complex animated motion and adds NPCs , characters with whom a player can interact . Also , check out the selection of cars and motorbikes to explore the Flightgear world !
Cloud shadows
Finally some shade !
Cloud shadows are notoriously difficult to render , but for Advanced Weather in combination with the Atmospheric Light Scattering rendering framework , there is now an experimental option to add them ( at least close to the aircraft ) to the experience .
Earthview
See the world from high up !
Introduced to provide better visuals for the spacecraft in Flightgear , Earthview is an alternative rendering engine intended for use at high altitudes . It renders Earth as a simple , textured sphere surrounded by a cloud sphere . The textures are provided by the NASA Visible Earth project . By default , a set of 2048×2048 textures is distributed , but Earthview is intended to allow easy access for users who want to install their own hires texture set . At full resolution of about 21000×21000 pixels per texture provided by NASA , it looks simply spectacular even from just 50 km altitude – see the Vostok capsule above entering the atmosphere .
Built-in http server
Access the property tree in a novel way !
Flightgear now includes the Mongoose web server as a httpd . This allows for interesting new application , for instance merging information from Flightgear and OpenStreetMap or Mapquest , leading to a new moving map application covering the whole world is available which tracks the airplane 's position .
Cloud drawing distance
See clouds out to the horizon !
Flightgear 's weather rendering so far has not been up to the task of showing a plausible view from high altitude . But this has now changed – a new framerate-friendly impostor technique is used to render clouds out to the horizon – wherever that may be ( the system has been tested for 1000 km visibility from low Earth orbit ) .
Rendering improvements
Visuals keep getting better !
Lots of work has been done on the small details . New tree textures at higher resolutions make the forests actually look nice . Novel noise function are used to improve the visuals of snow on steep terrain slopes , to change tree height in discrete patches mimicking patterns of forest management , or to remove tiling artifacts from large-scale agriculture . Enjoy all the details the new version will have to offer .
And many improvements more !
Much work is done under the hood which is not obviously visible :
* The YASim flight dynamics engine is finally being developed further , with some long-standing bugs and limitations being addressed for the time being
* Ground interactions have been added to the JSBSim flight dynamics engine
* a new text-to-speech message is about to replace the old pre-recorded ATIS messages , adding a lot of flexibility
* an interface for allowing add-ons that use FSUIPC ( an addon framework for Microsoft Flight Simulator ) to talk to FlightGear
* osgEarth integration is still on the horizon
…
Stay tuned as we fly towards our next release !
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption A replica of a Scud missile ( centre ) similar to those believed launched by the North on Tuesday
North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the sea off its east coast , say US and S Korean officials .
The missiles were launched from the Hwangju region , said South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff ( JCS ) and flew about 500km ( 310 miles ) to 600km .
The US said the first two were believed to be short-range Scuds while the third was a mid-range Rodong or Nodong .
It comes after the US and South Korea said they would deploy an anti-missile system to counter the North 's threats .
North Korea is barred by UN sanctions from any test of nuclear or ballistic missile technology . But tensions have soared since it carried out its fourth nuclear test in January .
South Korea 's Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn said missile tests had been `` a rare phenomenon in the past '' but had been taking place `` continuously '' this year .
`` The threat to our national security has grown very quickly in a short period of time , '' they said .
It has also conducted several launches in recent months , including a test of mid-range missiles in June which were considered its most successful yet .
Seoul has said activity detected recently in North Korea indicates it could be preparing to conduct a fifth nuclear test imminently .
' A grave threat '
The latest launches happened between 05:45 local time ( 20:45 GMT on Monday ) and 06:40 , the South 's military said , in a statement quoted by the Yonhap news agency .
`` The ballistic missiles flight went from 500km to 600km , which is a distance far enough to strike all of South Korea including Busan , '' South Korea 's military said in a statement . Busan is a port city in the south .
The US Strategic Command said it had tracked the launches , but that they had posed no risk to US interests .
Japan 's Defence Minister Gen Nakatani echoed the condemnations , saying the launches were `` an act of provocation that undermines regional and international security , '' and adding that Japan `` will take all possible measures to deal with any situation '' .
What is the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System ( THAAD ) ?
Shoots down short- and medium-range ballistic missiles in the terminal phase of their flight
Uses hit-to-kill technology - where kinetic energy destroys the incoming warhead
Has a range of 200km and can reach an altitude of 150km
US has previously deployed it in Guam and Hawaii as a measure against potential attacks from North Korea
1 . The enemy launches a missile
2 . The Thaad radar system detects the launch , which is relayed to command and control
3 . Thaad command and control instructs the launch of an interceptor missile
4 . The interceptor missile is fired at the enemy projectile
5 . The enemy projectile is destroyed in the terminal phase of flight
The launcher trucks can hold up to eight interceptor missiles .
JCS spokesperson Jeon Ha-gyu condemned the launches as `` a provocative action which poses a grave threat to our national security and our people '' .
They said it was an `` armed protest '' to the planned deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti-missile system .
South Korea has said the system will be based in the town of Seongju , in the south-east , where the move had faced local opposition .
The North 's military had warned it would retaliate with a `` physical response '' .
China has also criticised the decision , saying it will destabilise security in the region .
Vibes Promotion 1st February 2019
Welcome ! We have a new recorded radio session for you .
The first step is by the big german rootslabel , called Step Wise Records lgs . Black Oak Allstars and Jone C Fyah . Than Naram from New Zealand at Red Robin drop a nother bomb . More big roots and reggae tunes are following , watch the playlist °° .
Some bassline dub music come from Spiritual Rocker , Alpha Steppa at Trigram , Toroki and TNT Roots .
The wonderfull Ras Tinny also tell you somethin about righteousness before some famous dubstepmusic enter your ears , by the producer called Commodo .
Listen loud and have nice time , feel free to download the audiocast - > > > > Enjoy listening !
A link to the original Vibes Promotion post and the PLAYLIST check it here
Also check our big Vibes Promotion Showarchiv of the last 12 years .
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip . Download the latest version here . You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
A St . Cloud police officer ran over an aggravated battery suspect who was ordered to the ground early Monday , according to a department spokesperson .
Police received a call around 12:15 a.m. about an in-progress aggravated battery with a weapon in the 1400 block of Wyoming Avenue . The suspect was later identified as 37-year-old Ray W. Prescott .
After receiving word the suspect had fled , the officer saw the suspect near 14th Street and Wyoming Avenue . The officer ordered the suspect to the ground in the road , and the suspect complied , police said .
A backup officer , Glenn Whitter , was arriving on scene and the front right tire of the cruiser hit the suspect `` at a low speed , '' police said .
`` First aid was immediately rendered by the police officers on scene , and the suspect subsequently was transported to an area hospital , '' a police spokesperson said in a statement .
Police said `` poor visibility '' could have been a factor in the incident .
CAPTION The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $ 250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System , an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours , without shipping it to a state lab . The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $ 250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System , an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours , without shipping it to a state lab . CAPTION The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $ 250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System , an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours , without shipping it to a state lab . The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $ 250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System , an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours , without shipping it to a state lab . CAPTION Two Orlando-area massage parlors and women are among the dozens implicated in a six-month statewide investigation into human trafficking , prostitution and racketeering . Two Orlando-area massage parlors and women are among the dozens implicated in a six-month statewide investigation into human trafficking , prostitution and racketeering . CAPTION An engineering student at UCF was arrested after police discovered they were keeping a fully-automatic AR-15 in their car at their on-campus apartment , authorities said . An engineering student at UCF was arrested after police discovered they were keeping a fully-automatic AR-15 in their car at their on-campus apartment , authorities said . CAPTION A Chuluota man killed their parents and brother after they were kicked out of their home and accused of stealing more than $ 200,000 from their family to send to a woman they had met on a porn website , according to the Sheriff 's Office . A Chuluota man killed their parents and brother after they were kicked out of their home and accused of stealing more than $ 200,000 from their family to send to a woman they had met on a porn website , according to the Sheriff 's Office . CAPTION Announcing the solving of the Christine Franke cold case from 2001 , Orlando Police chief Orlando Rolón , Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer , detectives and family members gather for a press conference at Orlando Police headquarters , Monday , Nov. 5 , 2018 . ( Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel ) Announcing the solving of the Christine Franke cold case from 2001 , Orlando Police chief Orlando Rolón , Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer , detectives and family members gather for a press conference at Orlando Police headquarters , Monday , Nov. 5 , 2018 . ( Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel )
A `` complete and thorough internal investigation has been initiated '' into the incident , the police spokesperson said .
Prescott was charged with battery . Details of the battery were not released .
Their condition also was not released .
Records show Prescott has a lengthy criminal record . They were released from prison in November 2014 after a two-year stint for possession of burglary tools and possession of methamphetamine .
They also spent 16 months in prison starting in 2005 on theft related charges , records say .
Another St . Cloud police officer also is under investigation in a separate incident , according to the department . Sgt . Jared Daniel is out on paid personal leave , a spokesperson said .
No other details were released .
dharris @ orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5471
For a preview of the November presidential election , look no further than the dogfight over the governorship of Wisconsin as it heads to a tooth-and-claw climax June 5 .
The recall election of Gov . Scott Walker stems from Wisconsin 's own political history in the 16 months since voters here gave them and fellow Republican lawmakers a lock on the statehouse – and carte blanche to set a sort of `` austerity plan '' for the state . But the themes – and the flood of money from outside interests – that define this gubernatorial election mirror those of the 2012 presidential race so closely that many political analysts see the Wisconsin contest as a test drive for the national general election five months hence .
In both contests there 's the dominant issue of jobs – and which candidate has the better recipe for creating more of them . There 's the matter of government overspending and how best to rein it in . And there 's the debate over whether government 's primary role is to protect struggling middle-class workers from exploitation or , rather , to get out of the way of enterprising capitalists so that the virtuous cycle of wealth accumulation , reinvestment , and economic expansion can proceed unimpeded .
The alliances are similar , too . In Governor Walker 's corner , as in presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's , are conservative `` super political-action committees '' and wealthy business interests driven by a renewed determination to slash government , cut taxes , reduce regulation , and , not least of all , clip the political and economic power of labor unions .
In challenger Tom Barrett 's corner , as in President Obama 's , are Big Labor and , the Democrats hope , a large share of the `` 99 percent '' who believe the wealthy do n't pay enough taxes , want government to safeguard the environment and the needy , and see investment in the health and education of most of the populace as a benefit , not a drain .
`` Walker is seen as standing for a more aggressive brand of conservatism at the state level , '' says William Galston , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution 's Governance Studies Program in Washington . If recall voters in Wisconsin elect to keep him , `` then that will say something pretty significant about the mood of the people and their receptivity to the core messages of the two political parties . ''
The outcome in Wisconsin is expected to be a psychological boost to the winning side heading into November , especially because this is a fickle swing state . Wisconsin voted big for Mr. Obama in 2008 , then shifted its allegiance to the Republicans and Walker , rejecting longtime US Sen. Russell Feingold ( D ) for good measure .
`` The Wisconsin election is unquestionably the second most important election in the United States in 2012 '' next to November , says Nelson Lichtenstein , a labor history expert at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
The making of a lightning rod
Walker would rather not be going through this ordeal at all , just 16 months after taking office . They became a lightning rod last year when , with the help of the Republican-majority state legislature , they pushed through an agenda that sought to close Wisconsin 's budget deficit of $ 3 billion ( over two years ) in part by extracting concessions from most of the unionized government workers – including stripping them of their most sacred right of collective bargaining .
Even as Democrats railed against what they said was union busting in the guise of sensible economic policy , conservative groups hailed the new governor as a role model for other Republican governors to emulate .
Republicans with national stature have been lining up to endorse Walker : Mr. Romney in April declared them a `` hero '' ; New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie and Louisiana Gov . Bobby Jindal have joined Walker on the campaign trail ; and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus described the governor as the `` anti-Barack Obama , '' predicting that their reelection will help the GOP `` pounce on the president and other Democrats on the ballot with them in November . ''
`` Scott Walker has a very clear vision [ of ] where the state should go , and Republicans can see that . Nationally , they are an attractive image for the party , '' says Arnold Shober , a professor of government at Lawrence University in Appleton , Wis. `` One complaint about Mitt Romney is who knows what they think ? That is not the case with Scott Walker . The Republican Party is hungering for individual standard-bearers for new ideas . ''
National Democrats appear less engaged in the battle on behalf of Mr. Barrett , mayor of Milwaukee , who in early May won the right to take on Walker in the recall . Barrett ran against Walker for the governorship in 2010 , losing 46.5 percent to 52.3 percent .
At time of writing , Obama had yet to comment on the race , and the Wisconsin Democratic Party has asked for – but not received – $ 500,000 from the Democratic National Committee to help with field operations . DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz , however , sent a fundraising e-mail Wednesday to millions of party supporters seeking solicitations on Barrett 's behalf .
`` We will go ahead with what we have , '' says Phil Walzak , communications director for the Barrett campaign , adding that `` the campaign welcomes the investment '' of the national party . To date , Barrett 's greatest support is from labor unions , which have the most to lose if recall voters endorse Walker 's agenda June 5 , says Brooking 's Mr. Galston .
A Walker win is looking more likely . The governor has pulled ahead 50 percent to 44 percent , according to a poll of likely voters released May 16 by Marquette University Law School in Milwaukee .
To many Wisconsin voters , the election ca n't end soon enough . The war between the unions and Walker has lasted a year – beginning with the showdown at the State Capitol in Madison over the budget – and a certain amount of fatigue has set in . People are bombarded by media ads and direct mail , and some are tired of thinking and hearing about it .
Outside Kewpee Lunch in downtown Racine , retired metalworker Jerry Thomas says they resent having to vote again for governor , even though they do n't always agree with Walker .
`` He 's in there fair and square . Everything else is a distraction '' to state business , they say . `` And [ the recall ] looks bad on the state . ''
All about jobs ?
A sluggish economy and job stagnation usually do not bode well for an incumbent officeholder – whether Republican or Democrat . To that end , Wisconsin Democrats have sought , with some success , to steer the conversation away from union rights and toward jobs .
During their 2010 campaign , Walker said their economic blueprint would bring 250,000 new jobs to Wisconsin during their first term . So far the numbers are not working in their favor . Only 5,900 private-sector jobs have been created since Walker took office , and the public sector statewide shrank by 17,800 jobs between March 2011 and March 2012 , according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics . Worse for the governor , Wisconsin lost more jobs than any other state between last spring and this spring , the BLS numbers show .
Walker is brushing off those reports , instead touting the falling unemployment rate . Moreover , they have offered competing jobs figures from quarterly census data that the US government uses to revise the monthly BLS survey . Those numbers show 23,321 in job gains from December 2010 to December 2011 , but the BLS had neither reviewed nor verified them .
Still , Walker argues that a healthier economy and job growth will ultimately be the result of less government spending and less clout for public-employee labor unions . They have a receptive audience in many Republicans nationally , and some suggest that if they prevail in the recall , it could give Romney confidence to highlight their own campaign promise to reduce federal spending to 20 percent of gross domestic product ( down from 24.1 percent ) by the end of their first term as president .
`` If Scott Walker can turn jobs around , you 'll see Romney trying to say the federal government can adopt some of those [ Wisconsin ] reforms nationally , '' says Lawrence University 's Mr. Shober . `` Romney has been hesitant to get into that fight , but he 's seeing that Republicans are very excited about it . They could say that maybe it 's time to make the federal government less friendly to labor unions , but with an economic argument behind it . ''
Barrett has their own problems with the jobs issue . They preside over a city where the jobless rate is higher than the state average – a point Walker repeats often .
But the Barrett camp counters that Walker was the Milwaukee County executive before they were governor , and so shares responsibility for that state of affairs . The governor has `` no credibility '' on the jobs issue , adds Mr. Walzak of the Barrett campaign .
The recall election may well be a referendum on jobs , but a Walker loss in June would not necessarily mean Wisconsin voters will turn around in November and endorse the economic approach of Mr. Obama , marked by stimulus spending , health-care overhaul , tax cuts for the middle class , and , if they could get Congress to go along , tax hikes for the wealthy . Wisconsin voters , after all , take pride in their pragmatic , independent streak – owing no particular allegiance to one party or ideology but inclined to pull the lever to make a statement or send a message .
`` The people of Wisconsin may be disappointed with Governor Walker 's record on job generation , and they also might be disappointed with President Obama 's record on job generation , '' says Mr. Galston of the Brookings Institution . `` It 's not a contradiction . ''
A magnet for the big money
It 's fair to say that Wisconsin residents have never seen the likes of the money pouring into their state from those who see the recall election as a national proving ground .
`` It feels more like an arms race than anything else , '' says Bob Biersack , a senior fellow at the Center for Responsive Politics in Washington , which tracks campaign spending nationwide . `` This is the equivalent of a special election , which is fairly rare , but here it is in a competitive state that could determine the presidential race . Both of those things are coming together to create a perfect storm of campaign financing . ''
As of early May , some $ 80 million had been spent on the recall effort , which targets the Republican lieutenant governor and four GOP state senators , as well as Walker . The two sides matched each other almost dollar for dollar , according to the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign , a watchdog group in Madison that tracks campaign spending .
Of that very grand total , about 57 percent of donations greater than $ 100 came from out-of-state donors , the group reports . The Republican Governors Association has spent $ 5 million for Walker and company . The Democratic Governors Association has contributed $ 3 million for Barrett and colleagues , and another $ 2 million came from We Are Wisconsin , a coalition of state and national labor unions .
Walker has traveled the country to solicit donations , and their campaign raised $ 30 million from January 2011 to May 2012 , the Democracy Campaign reports . They have become something of a cause célèbre in conservative circles . Oil billionaire David Koch , who founded the super PAC Americans for Prosperity , told the Palm Beach Post in February that Walker 's fight with public unions `` is critically important '' on a national scale . `` If the unions win the recall , there will be no stopping union power , '' Mr. Koch is quoted as saying .
Anti-union fervor is a big motivator for those giving and spending on Walker 's behalf , says Jeffrey Berry , a political scientist at Tufts University in Medford , Mass . Walker 's donors `` despise unions and want to make sure the recall is not seen as a referendum that affirms worker rights to unionize , '' they say .
But there 's antipathy toward Walker as well – and it 's closer to home . Britt Larson of Racine , a self-employed accountant , says only the governor is responsible for the divisiveness in the state .
`` He 's Mr. No Compromise . That 's not the way you run a business , and that 's not the way you run a state , '' Mr. Larson says . `` Politics are worse now than they were before they got here . ''
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Labor unions , too , are eager to oust Walker at all costs , lest their anti-union tactics spread beyond Wisconsin . Within the state , union foot soldiers are canvassing neighborhoods and targeting registered voters who stayed home during the 2010 gubernatorial election . Walker 's war chest is now 10 times that of Barrett 's , and their aim is to close the money gap with manpower .
`` We ca n't win the money battle , so if it 's about more ads , we 'll lose , '' says Mike Lipp , former president of Madison Teachers Inc. , a union representing 2,700 public school teachers . `` Millionaires have the same vote as a poor person , so the key is to get out there and vote . We 're going to do it grass-roots . ''
WASHINGTON -- Speaking to the annual American Israel Public Affairs Committee policy conference Sunday morning , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) threatened to cut funding to the United Nations , who they believe is alienating Israel in the international community and tolerating anti-Semitism in Europe . Their promise was met with applause and a standing ovation by the nearly 15,000 AIPAC members in attendance .
Though it was n't mentioned explicitly , a majority of lawmakers in Congress are protesting the Palestinian Authority 's recent ascension to the International Criminal Court , the body responsible for prosecuting war crimes . The court , which has retroactive jurisdiction back to June 13 , 2014 , in Palestinian territories , would be able to investigate possible violations of the laws of war during last summer 's Gaza-Israel conflict . Graham was one of 75 senators who signed a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry in January , urging for a cessation of U.S. funding to the Palestinian Authority .
Graham also expressed their skepticism about the ongoing nuclear negotiations between Iran and the six-country team known as the P5+1 . While Graham conceded that history would frown upon a Republican lawmaker who voted against a “ good deal , ” they expressed doubts in the negotiators ' ability to bring about an agreement that would be acceptable to Congress .
“ I do n't really have a lot of faith in the Russians to get us to the promised land , ” Graham said , referring to Russian membership in the P5+1 .
As for the Iranians , “ they lie , they cheat , they are n't trustworthy , they kill Americans , they would destroy Israel tomorrow if they could , ” claimed Graham .
According to Graham , a “ bad deal ” is one that would allow Iran to maintain any enrichment program that is monitored only by the United Nations . “ How does it make you feel , ” they asked the audience , “ that the only thing between Israel and Iran with a nuclear weapon is the UN ? ”
As a member of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran is allowed to maintain a peaceful nuclear enrichment program , as long as it complies with safeguards to verify compliance , such as inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency , the UN 's nuclear watchdog .
Graham is one of four senators who introduced new legislation on Friday that would prohibit the Obama administration from lifting sanctions against Iran within two months of reaching an agreement , in order to give Congress time to review and debate the deal . Meanwhile , sanctions relief has been a key requirement for any nuclear deal from the Iranians , whose economy has been heavily strained by years of international sanctions and plummeting oil prices .
Though they claimed support for a peaceful nuclear agreement with Iran , Graham repeated their opposition to restoring Iran 's economy . “ As we have negotiated with the Iranians , they have toppled four Arab capitals , ” they said , referencing what they believed was Iranian support for the Houthis in Yemen , Hezbollah in Lebanon , President Bashar al-Assad in Syria , and Shiite militias in Iraq .
“ What do you think they would do with sanction relief ? Build schools and hospitals ? '' Graham asked . `` They would fund their military to wreak more unrest in the region. ” What Graham failed to mention is that Washington and Tehran are tacitly fighting side by side in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State .
In an unusual talking point , the senator pointed to Israel as an example of why Iran 's nuclear program should be restricted . “ It 's common knowledge that Israel has a nuclear arsenal , yet not one Arab nation has felt the need to get a nuclear weapon as a result , ” said Graham . They explained that if Iran possessed nuclear weapons , the Middle East would erupt in a nuclear arms race .
Though Israel has never officially confirmed its nuclear weapons program , it is widely believed that it developed weapons in the 1960s . Because it is not party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty , its program is not subject to international inspection .
Today is the last day of your life without Battlefield 3 . Make sure to spend whatever time left that you have with your family and loved ones . They will miss you .
Some updates have become available regarding Battlefield 3 multiplayer .
First off , we reported earlier on the highest rank available in Battlefield 3 . Many fans have been wondering , what exactly is at the end of the tunnel ? What do we get for reaching the highest rank ? Fredrik Thylander had this to say : “ for those who asked me about ranks , max rank ( colonel service star 100 ) is at about 25 million points… and it does have an unlock on it. ” They continued , “ we dont want to keep tools away from the players . Nothing after rank45 is gameplay-affecting . Dogtags and the like. ” So , do n't expect a mini-gun or a laser rifle as your last unlock reward .
In another earlier report , it was mentioned by DICE that the Back to Karkand DLC would be similar to the Vietnam DLC for Battlefield : Bad Company 2 . Meaning , that maps , vehicles , and weapons would potentially all have their own separate play list . However , Gustav Halling recently clarified , “ you can use all weapons , ” when asked if they would be integrated with the rest of the BF3 weapons . Click here to check out B2K 's weapons .
When it comes to the Battlelog , many have been asking if a smart phone app would be available as well . Daniel Matros replied , “ not on launch. ” I think it 's safe to say that we could expect something at a later date .
Who 's going to be first to reach rank 145 ?
Make sure to stay tuned to MP1st as we cover the launch of Battlefield 3 . Follow us on Twitter and Facebook !
Cookies specification compliance issues in modern browsers
Star
research by Ivan Nikulin
( email : ifaaan @ gmail.com , github : inikulin , twitter : _inikulin_ )
This table lists RFC 6265 compliance issues found in modern browsers . Data was obtained by running the IETF test suite across major browsers using a specially made test runner . Test fails are divided into categories for the working group to distinguish implementation bugs from de facto standards that should make their way to the specification .
Issue groups :
- Test fails in all browsers with the identical results.- Test fails in all browsers , but with different results . Possible de facto standard.- Test fails in the majority of browsers with the identical results . Possible de facto standard.- Test fails in the majority of browsers , but with different results.- Test fails in the minority of browsers . More likely it 's an implementation bug than planned behavior.- Test fails only in one browser . Implementation bug.all cookies are set on page http : //home.example.org:8888/test and results are inspected on http : //home.example.org:8888/cookie-parser-result , except for those tests where the results URL is explicitly specified .
Reeling from the loss of key opposition strongholds in the cities of Homs , Deraa and Idlib to government troops , the rebels have been left with no alternative but to recalibrate their strategy by waging a fragmented guerilla offensive .
The first acknowledgment of the extent of the setbacks opposition fighters have experienced over the past six weeks came as Kofi Annan , the UN and Arab League special envoy , announced that the Syrian government had promised to begin implementing their peace plan next Tuesday .
Appealing for Western and Arab patience , Mr Annan told the United Nations Security Council that , although they had made no progress yet in halting the bloodshed in violence , a breakthrough could be imminent .
President Bashar al-Assad , they reported , had agreed to abide by a timetable to begin the withdrawal of government troops and tanks from population centres on April 10th , with a full ceasefire following 48 hours later .
But many in Syria 's opposition , as well as in the West , have openly questioned Mr Assad 's sincerity , particularly after saying last week that they expected the rebels to take the first step by stopping fighting and disarming – a demand that runs counter to the Annan plan .
Since then , however , they have come under pressure from Russia , Syria 's most powerful ally , to reverse course .
`` The Syrian government must take the first step and start withdrawal in line with Kofi Annan 's plan , '' Sergei Lavrov , the Russian foreign minister , said on Monday .
Yet with both their domestic and international adversaries in disarray , Mr Assad may be hoping that they can translate recent military successes into total victory .
The opposition 's ability to hold territory was seen as crucial if they were to succeed in their hopes of overthrowing Mr Assad , but the rebels have wilted under the government 's superior firepower , demonstrated in a string of remorseless artillery offensives since the beginning of February .
The Free Syrian Army , as Syria 's loosely affiliated rebel militias call themselves , concede they have no choice now but to resort to guerilla warfare .
`` After what happened in Deraa , in Homs , in Idlib , the Free Syrian Army is not focusing on holding cities anymore , '' said the commander of one rebel brigade , speaking from a safe house in northern Lebanon .
`` We are now adopting guerilla tactics ; we have watchers who spy on checkpoints and attack . '' The shift in tactics is also an acknowledgment that public support for the armed opposition 's cause had been eroded by the government 's policy of indiscriminately shelling villages where rebel fighters had taken refuge .
The rebel commander , who identified themselves as Abu Suleiman , said that civilians in one border village where they and their men had conducted frequent operations had begged them to leave , fearing that government forces would destroy the town if they did not .
Despite being a tactic forced on the rebels by necessity , Abu Suleiman claimed that the guerilla campaign would still be extremely effective because it would make the Syrian capital its chief target .
`` The plan is hit-and-run attacks against the military in Damascus , '' they said . `` We have to cut off the head of the snake .
`` The FSA is tightening the noose to reach al-Abbasyeen Square in the centre of Damascus . The best fighters from across the country are moving to the capital to join the resistance there . '' A loud explosion was heard in Damascus yesterday . Although its cause was unknown , there have been a series of bombings against military targets in the capital since the Free Syrian Army promised last month to co-ordinate attacks in and around the city .
There have also been a number of suicide bombings that have killed scores of civilians since last December , which the Syrian government and some Western officials have blamed on al Qaeda affiliates .
'The Northerner ' takes to Kickstarter for funding
Jeremy Soule 's Skyrim soundtrack was one of my favorites in recent memory . I 've been a huge fan of their work since they entered the videogame industry with their soundtrack to Secret of Evermore at the young age of 19 , and he 's since gone on to score some of the biggest games in the medium , including Guild Wars , Harry Potter , and The Elder Scrolls .
He 's now taking the next step in their career by attempting to write a classical symphony titled The Northerner which will be released on CD . As the name would suggest , the piece is inspired by the same energies they focused on while writing the soundtrack to Skyrim , although it 's not directly related .
Along with the announcement , Soule has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund the project with a modest goal and some great rewards . We 've been fortunate enough to have an exclusive chat with Soule regarding The Northerner and also have an exclusive sample for you to hear . Check them out below as we list five reasons why you need to support this project .
1 ) A soundscape similar to Skyrim
In Jeremy Soule 's own words , “ This is not a sequel to Skyrim , but rather a continuation of that energy. ” It sounds as though Skyrim had a profound impact on Soule , and the setting of the game , specifically the far north , has resonated with him .
“ I spent a lot of time in the Canadian Rockies and the North Cascades . It feels like an escape whenever you head north in life , ” commented Soule when talking about doing some first-hand research on the theme that will guide their first symphony . “ I spent enough time while working on Skyrim exploring the mythos of that game and wanted to start reading about real-world mythos . I explored the natural beauty and sciences of the Northern Lights , the self-reliance of Inuit people , and the great Nordic tradition . ”
In terms of specifics , Soule reveals , “ I 'm trying to make something as aesthetically beautiful as possible , paying attention to every detail . My goal is to create something that is uplifting and has a spiritual dimension that breathes , moves , and has reality to it. ” The work will contain four movements and will clock in somewhere between 30 and 45 minutes . There will be a choir featured as well as vocal soloists with lyrics in English .
2 ) Kickstarter as a shared investment in art
Soule tells us that creating a Kickstarter campaign to fund The Northerner is a “ Creative decision . ”
“ The symphony is a collection of people on the floor playing instruments . Those people are connected to other people who helped them get to where they are . Instrument craftmans , educators , supportive family members . Without a lot of love and affection we would n't have the symphony . It 's really a Huge achievement in collaboration . In order to reach out in this way and say , ‘ how would you like to help make the bricks , mortar , wood , and materials to build this structure ? ' That 's a great focus of energy . ”
Jeremy Soule will not be pocketing any of the money from the Kickstarter project , and funds are being used solely to prepare the rewards and book the orchestra that will be involved with the recording of the work . Soule wants fans to have a stake in the creation of this art . “ The symphony is about people , and I want people to experience it as it comes into this world , as I hear it . ”
3 ) A modest goal and great rewards
The funding goal for this project is $ 10,000 , and I 've already mentioned where that money will go . There are five different funding tiers as follows :
$ 15 - You will receive an autographed CD copy of the Soule Symphony No . 1 , '' The Northerner ” recording .
$ 50 - You will receive a personalized autographed CD copy of the Soule Symphony No . 1 , '' The Northerner ” recording .
$ 100 - Reward 2 plus a special thanks credit in the album 's booklet .
$ 500 - Rewards 2 and 3 plus an autographed bound copy of Soule Symphony No . 1 , `` The Northerner '' conductor 's score .
$ 1,000 - Rewards 2 , 3 , and 4 plus page one of the conductor 's manuscript written entirely in the composer 's hand . Marking a moment in history , this is the ultimate display item in 11 '' x17 '' museum quality paper and ready to be framed . This item will only be available to Kickstarter participants and will never be produced again .
4 ) Supporting a composer 's true expression of self
I 've always wondered to myself why my favorite videogame and film composers are n't more active in writing work that comes from within themselves , inspired by their own imagination . It seems odd to me that they can so effectively score a project and nail the thematic content perfectly , yet do n't have an outlet that is purely from their own life experience , liberated from the scenes that unfold on a screen .
Soule concedes , “ A symphony is the hardest thing you can write as a composer . You set yourself up for ridicule if people do n't like it , and some composers have ended careers or even lives because they were n't able to make people happy in the concert hall . ”
In other words , this is truly a labor of love and an extension of a composer 's soul . The reason it 's not attempted more often by modern composers is because it 's risky , not only in terms of time and possibly finances , but also professionally .
“ I wanted to tackle this in my 20s , but I did n't have the life experience . I 'm now in my latter 30s and have enough experience and knowledge. ” The Northerner has literally been in the works for nearly 25 years , as this has been a goal of Soule 's since they were 12 years old .
5 ) The right guys as inspiration
How often do you hear the names Jerry Goldsmith , John Williams , or even Nobuo Uematsu as an inspiration for today 's composers ?
When I asked who some of Soule 's classical inspirations were , I got Brahms , Beethoven , Mozart , and Strauss . “ I want to feature tonality , ” noted Soule , “ My goal is to create a piece that people want to listen to over and over again , ” to which we both laughed that they have a lot of experience writing music that 's listened to repeatedly through their work on games .
I am incredibly excited to hear what Jeremy Soule is able to come up with based on their preference for the Neo Romantic period in classical music . It will be interesting to hear how it draws from both this period and from their thematic energy from Skyrim to give us something truly unique .
We apparently wo n't have to wait too long , as the Kickstarter page is already live and he 's already begun work on the symphony . “ The work is obscured in a fog in my head at the moment , but there are clear patches in that fog , ” and we 'll hopefully be getting a taste of that very soon .
__
Let us know what you think . Is the traditional symphony an art form worth saving ? Will Jeremy Soule 's beloved works in videogames act as a bridge to bring a new generation to the symphony ? The success of Soule 's Kickstarter campaign will answer these questions for us very soon , so join me in my support for the Soule Symphony No . 1 “ The Northerner . ”
Here 's the audio clip in higher quality via our SoundCloud account :
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Regarded as one of the weirdest museums in the world , the Hair Museum of Avanos , in Cappadocia , is definitely a must-see if you 're into bizarre tourist spots .
Ever since 3000 BC , Avanos has been known for its high quality earthenware , made from the mineral-rich mud of the Red River , but in recent years , the town has mostly been mentioned in relation to a unique hair museum created by skilled Turkish potter Chez Galip . The unusual establishment , located under Galip 's pottery shop , is filled with hair samples from over 16,000 women . The walls , ceiling , and all other surfaces , except the floor , are covered with locks of hair from the different women who have visited this place , and pieces of paper with addresses on them .
The story goes that the museum was started over 30 years ago , when one of Galip 's friends had to leave Avanos , and they were very sad . To leave them something to remember them by , the woman cut a piece of their hair and gave it to the potter . Since then , the women who visited their place and heard the story gave them a piece of their hair and their complete address . Throughout the years , they have amassed an impressive collection of over 16,000 differently colored locks of hair , from women all around the world .
Photo credits
Twice a year , in June and December , the first customer who comes in Chez Galip 's shop is invited down into the Hair Museum to choose ten winners off the walls . These lucky ten will receive an all-expenses-paid week-long vacation in beautiful Cappadocia , where they will get to participate in their pottery workshops , for free . This is the artist 's way to give back to the women that helped them create the unique museum which bring in new customers every day .
The Hair Museum does n't have an entry charge , and women do n't have to donate their hair , but if they wish to do so , scissors , sellotape , pens , paper and drawing pins are provided .
Photo credits
Photo credits
Photo credits
Photo credits
Photo credits
During a recent press event at Brookhaven National Lab , we had a sneak glimpse of a rather unusual product : a popup book for adults . Entitled Voyage to the Heart of Matter , the book focuses on the ATLAS detector at CERN 's LHC particle accelerator . Last week , the New York Academy of Science hosted an event to celebrate its release on the US market , complete with a panel discussion moderated by Alan Alda . The book will go on sale later this month , but those in attendance were able to both purchase a copy , and get an update on what 's new at the LHC ( if you do n't care about the book , you can scroll to the bottom for the update ) .
Voyage was made by CERN 's Emma Sanders , who worked with Anton Radevsky , a man who knows their paper but who normally applies their skills to children 's books ; both were in attendance in New York . Radevsky said he 's got a good feel for whether a given 3D object can be flattened down , so they set some limits on what ideas could and could not make it into the final product . For Sanders , who does outreach for CERN , the keys were accuracy and telling the story of how the LHC works and why we 've built it .
Even so , the book 's production required some feedback and refinement . Sanders said that their initial idea for displaying the evolution of the universe was `` too spiky , '' and had to be revised after feedback from some cosmologists . There was also a winnowing down of potential contents ; Sanders said they used online discussion groups to get some ideas on what should and should not make the cut .
Voyage covers a lot of ground in just four major popups , in part by adding some secondary materials on the sides . The first page provides some sense of the scale of the LHC while giving a basic outline of the hardware needed to smash protons together at roughly light speed . The page is detailed enough to show the point where protons start down a path that takes them through several smaller accelerators and into the LHC itself .
The second page shows the access shafts and the ATLAS detector , describing how the its components were carefully lowered down the shafts and put together with painstaking precision , and mentions a bit about the data collection challenge posed by the high rate of collisions .
ATLAS pops up from its underground location , with detector and access shafts sized to scale . The side popup shows people in the ATLAS control room .
That 's followed by the centerpiece : a multipart reconstruction of ATLAS itself . The popup model is so detailed that there 's an envelope inside with extra parts that can be pieced together into a complete , multilayered model that wo n't fold back down unless you disassemble it . Four side popups provide details on the hardware components : silicon detectors , straw tube trackers , calorimeters , and muon detectors . This is not likely to be something you 'll setup and take down repeatedly—once you put it together , you 're going to want to keep it that way if possible .
The detector popup is a microcosm of the LHC : big , complex , and very difficult to put together .
The final page is perhaps one of the most compelling popups , as it explains all the topics the LHC is intended to shed light on . The central popup is centered on the big bang , and expands out to the galaxies we see today . Four key stages in its expansion are numbered , and the side panels explain what the significance of each is , and how the LHC may shed light on the nature of mass and the existence of dark matter .
The Universe pops up to the present day , with information on the first atoms ( lower left ) and dark matter ( upper right ) .
Considering just how little text there is , the book does a remarkable job explaining both the physics and the hardware . Still , it 's necessarily limited , and should be viewed as only a starting point for learning about the LHC ( it 's also focused exclusively on ATLAS , and there are three other detectors ) .
The popups themselves are all relevant , but they work ( as popups ) to varying degrees . Some are visually fantastic , and tell a compelling story . Others fall a bit flat , literally , since some of the hardware involved is nearly two-dimensional . The complexity of the complete ATLAS popup also means that it 's not something you casually construct and tear down . This is a popup book for teens and adults that are passionate about the subject .
And , according to the publisher , who was on hand for the introduction , teens and adults seem to be who 's buying it . A lot of the audience is comprised of physicists who have purchased the book for themselves , even though they already understand its contents , or for their family and friends . This suggests that they 're using it to help explain what they do , or why they keep flying for extended stays in the suburbs of Geneva .
And , in fact , this may be the ideal use of Voyage : as a way to make an explanation of the LHC a bit more concrete and visually compelling .
The latest from CERN
In conjunction with the book 's introduction , Columbia University 's Michael Tuts , ATLAS ' US Operations Program Manager , gave a brief rundown of progress being made at the LHC . Right now , the machine is handed over to the engineering crew during the week , and the detectors are switched off . The staff spends this time working on ways to improve the performance . Currently , the LHC is circulating 13 bunches of protons through the ring , with 2 x 1010 protons per bunch . It 's designed to handle five times that number of protons , Tuts said , and they 're slowly ramping up to it .
On the weekends , it 's physics time . So far , the LHC has produced over 700 million collisions and , thanks to a likely W boson event , is on the verge of having produced the full suite of Standard Model particles . About 40 percent of those particles came from a single weekend ( the one just prior to their talk ) , which shows that the engineering work is paying off . That was the first weekend , Tuts said , that data was coming in fast enough that the software filters that throw out some of the less interesting collisions had to be turned on .
With the intensity of the LHC ramping up , some of the other features in ATLAS will also start to come into play . Brookhaven 's Howard Gordon , who I met during the visit to Brookhaven , was also at the event ( I was surprised when they sat next to me in the audience , but it turned out that they had the day off from presenting . ) Gordon said that they 've already had events where two collisions occurred nearly simultaneously within ATLAS , but the detector 's huge scale helps ensure that they were physically separated enough that it was possible to figure out what comes from where .
They also said that ATLAS is designed to handle up to 25 collisions per bunch crossing , in part because the liquid argon calorimeters have excellent temporal resolution—on the scale of a nanosecond . So , as the engineers get the hardware to pack ever more protons into a confined space , the detectors will be ready for them .
PageFour The Word Processor for Creative Writers $ 39
Download Trial for PC Platforms : Windows XP , Vista ( 32 and 64 bit ) , 7 ( 32 and 64 bit )
Please note folks : A PageFour license allows for EITHER multiple-PC usage by a single user , OR multiple-user usage on a single PC , but not both . The choice is yours !
If you 're a creative writer , you 've probably learned a long time ago how to shoehorn your needs into the business-focused environment of Microsoft Word . But what if you were able to switch to a different software package , a word processor dedicated to the needs of novelists , creative writers , and everyone else who does n't need tables , pie charts , and graphs ? It 's here today , and it 's called PageFour !
PageFour lets you organize your writing in a way that best fits your needs as a writer . In just a keystroke , access character summaries , plot outlines , chapters , and notes . If you work on multiple pieces of work at the same time , you 're used to closing and opening separate documents - but with PageFour , you 'll be able to work concurrently on projects in a way that 's better than ever before !
Remember that time that you wrote the most brilliant paragraph that 's ever seen the light of day ... only to lose it forever when your power went out ? Fear not , with PageFour , you can take Snapshot Copies of your work as you write , with automatic archives of your stuff every few days .
Hard to believe , but PageFour can even make you a better writer ! With PageFour , you 'll be able to scan your work for overused words and phrases , giving you the freedom to jazz up your manuscript and increase your chances of landing that golden book deal !
Review Written by Derek Lee
Features The Fine Print Testimonials
Use a word processor designed to meet the needs of creative writers
Access character summaries , plot outlines , notes , and more
Work effortlessly on multiple manuscripts concurrently
Take automatic snapshot copies of your work
Scan your work for overused words and phrases
After you purchase you will receive a download link to install the software
Download available for : Windows XP , Vista ( 32 and 64 bit ) , 7 ( 32 and 64 bit )
BitsDuJour 's giveaway promotional discount gets you all this at no cost !
After you purchase PageFour it may be used indefinitely .
it may be used indefinitely . PageFour is licensed per user , so if more people are going to use PageFour you will need to purchase additional copies .
is , so if more people are going to use you will need to purchase additional copies . Transfer of a license to another owned computer is allowed .
License activation is n't required . what 's this ?
Upgrades to future versions of the software will be free for minor versions only .
Support is provided for 12 months after your purchase .
No return policy .
Prices do not necessarily include taxes , which will vary by country .
Nov 24 , 2012 ; Los Angeles , CA , USA ; Southern California Trojans quarterback Max Wittek ( 13 ) at a press conference after the game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum . Mandatory Credit : Kirby Lee/Image of Sport-USA TODAY Sports
For the USC Trojans , the main off the field story of 2014 remains that of Max Wittek 's transfer . Once thought to be a near lock to transfer to Texas , reports surfaced in May that they were not going to graduate in time to play immediately , costing them this upcoming season and the possibility of being a Longhorn , or any other mascot for that matter .
Now , it looks like Wittek may be headed to Honolulu , where they could join up with former USC offensive coordinator Norm Chow .
According to Stephen Tsai of the Honolulu Star-Advertiser , Wittek could enroll as a walk-on for Chow 's Hawaii Rainbow Warriors .
Former USC quarterback Max Wittek said nothing is final yet — there are more “ conversations ” with family , as well applications to be submitted and then accepted — but they acknowledged there is a “ good possibility ” they will join the Warriors as a walk-on .
Wittek would not be eligible to play in 2014 , but could play in their redshirt season next year . As luck would have it , the Warriors most experienced quarterbacks are redshirt seniors this year , and will have graduated by the time Wittek could step on the field at Hawaii .
In their brief tenure at USC , Wittek threw for 600 yards , three touchdowns and six interceptions . They debuted in place of an injured Matt Barkley against No . 1 Notre Dame in December of 2012 , and subsequently started the 2012 Sun Bowl . They are 0-2 lifetime as a starter .
“ What I think was behind it : Being losers , ” said Ruslan Tsarni , the uncle of the Boston Marathon bombing suspects , 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and their older brother Tamerlan . “ Of course we 're ashamed. ” In an emotional interview with eager reporters , Tsarni was calm and grave , but spoke elegantly of the nephews they had n't seen in years . They said they first learned of their involvement via an article on AOL.com , and that they were “ shocked , ” but not sympathetic . “ Unbelievable — they absolutely deserved this , ” Tsarni said of Tamerlan , who died in a police shootout last night . “ I always told those two , Islam has always been there , just do your business . Work , go to school , be useful . Know why you came to America … I am not sympathizing with them . ”
“ Somebody radicalized them , but it was n't my brother , ” said Tsarni . They blamed “ hatred to those who were able to settle themselves ” for the attacks . “ These are the only reasons I can imagine , ” they said . “ Anything else to do with religion , to do with Islam , is a fraud , is a fake . ”
“ I respect this country . I love this country , ” Tsarni said with force . “ This country , which gives chance to everybody else to be treated as a human being . That 's what I feel about this country . ”
In an earlier radio interview , Tsarni said , “ I just wish they never existed . I am wordless . ”
Okay , please do n't be mad at us . We hate to do this , but we 've got some bad news that you 're not going to like at all : We 're sorry to inform you that this white supremacist struggling to eat a giant burrito is all of us .
Advertisement
We really regret that we have to bring you this news , but our hands are tied . There 's simply no denying that this neo-Nazi with an epic # BurritoStruggle is each and every one of us . You included . Sorry .
Please do not misunderstand us . We sincerely wish that we did n't have to be the ones to let you know that this white nationalist with salsa verde staining their shirt due to the unwieldiness of their 3-pound burrito is 100 percent all of us . It 's definitely not ideal that the sight of this violent racist struggling to wrestle with a rapidly crumbling tortilla that barely fits in their mouth is going to make you say , “ That is literally me , ” but sadly that 's just the way it is .
Yes , this man is a hateful far-right extremist who openly threatens violence against minorities and immigrants , but sadly , in spite of their abhorrent worldview , they have won the internet today because a big pile of guacamole just ruptured out of their gigantic tortilla and got all over their hands , and we all know that feeling . We 're just as upset about it as you are , and telling you brings us no pleasure at all . Still , we have no choice but to inform you that once you see this neo-Nazi using a fork to eat a big pile of rice and tortilla shreds off their tray after their whole burrito falls apart , you will have no choice but to think , “ OMG same , ” because this bigot is all of us .
Our deepest apologies .
Use the team name generator to help create ideas and inspire your team name . Including a city , country , or color using the tools listed below is a simple but effective way to get started .
Random Generator Carnivore United Generate a team name randomly using our unique generator engine . This will create thousands of different names to help inspire your team name . Generate Share share
More Team Name Generators available below our latest Trending Videos…
Random Selector Spare Me Randomly select a team name from our database of approved team names . All of the names shown in our 'Random Selector ' are available through our team name listings Generate Share share
Country American Chuckers Use your country to help inspire your team name . Enter a country name , such as 'America ' , 'Canada ' , 'England ' or any other country before pressing the 'Generate ' button . Country Generate Share share
City / State New York Mavericks Use your city , state , or local region to help inspire your team name . Enter a city name , such as 'New York ' , 'London ' , 'Toronto ' or any other city before pressing the 'Generate ' button . Region Generate Share share
Color Red Falcons Use a color to help inspire your team name . Enter a color name , such as 'Red ' , 'Blue ' , 'Black & White ' or any other color before pressing the 'Generate ' button . Color Generate Share share
FACEBOOK Sparsh Shah , known by their rapper name PURHYTHM was born with an incurable brittle bone disease
The cover , which has over a million views on YouTube , has even caught the attention of Eminem 's record label team , Shady Records . Now Sparsh Shah hopes their idol will also notice . Sparsh , whose family immigrated from India to the US before they were born , said : “ I feel like 'Not Afraid ' has been my power song ever since I heard it for the first time and Eminem became my idol in the rap genre . ''
They added : `` He has inspired me so much with their powerful songs and lyrics , minus curses. ” Sparsh was born with the incurable disease Osteogenesis Imperfecta , which makes their bones extremely brittle . Even a hard handshake can break their bones because they can not bear the weight on their hands . The weight pressures of walking have also left them in a wheelchair .
YOUTUBE Sparsh accompanies their singing by playing the keyboard on their iPad
TWITTER Their video even captured the attention of Enimem 's label , Shady Records
Known by their rap name , PURHYTHM , Sparsh has also written and composed several original songs including Count on Me . In April 2015 , Sparsh participated and won the prestigious talent competition Young Voice of NYC . Although singing is not the only talent of this child prodigy . Sparsh has memorised 250 digits of Pi , can speak some of the 12 longest words in English dictionary in less than 18 seconds , and they have written a number of poems and short stories . They were also part of winning Watt NXT Robotics team at state and regional levels and they then participated at the World Robotics Championship in St. Louis .
YOUTUBE The 12 year old even breaks out into a rap
Child stars then and now Thu , June 14 , 2018 These child stars are all grown up . From Daniel Radcliffe , to the cast of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , see the children who aged gracefully into adulthood . Play slideshow Getty 1 of 65 Jurassic Park 's Ariana Richards in the 1993 movie and in 2018
As you know , the Republicans bought Sarah Palin $ 150,000 in clothes last month – that 's more than the average American household spends on clothes in 80 years . That 's also a gift . And it 's a taxable gift . It does n't matter if it 's for work . And it does n't matter if the Republicans now say they 're going to donate the clothes to charity after it 's over .
Sarah Palin ca n't accept $ 150,000 dollars in goods , use them , then later give them away to charity and not pay taxes on the gift they received . By the time they give them away to charity , they 're used clothes – and worth about 1/3 of their original value . So , sure , they can take a tax deduction on the $ 50,000 in clothes she 's giving away ( a savings of perhaps $ 15k or so ) , but they still have to pay $ 50k or so in taxes on the $ 150,000 gift they received in the first place . That means Palin will owe $ 35,000 net in taxes due to their big shopping spree at Neiman Marcus and Saks . And the Republicans ca n't help them pay for it , or she 'll be paying taxes on their help as well .
Of course , Palin is no stranger to failing to report their taxable income – they did the same thing while serving as governor of Alaska .
Box Score
AUBURN , Ala. -- The Auburn volleyball team kicked off its busy weekend with a 3-0 ( 25-21 , 25-23 , 25-17 ) sweep of Memphis Friday afternoon in the team 's first match of the Auburn Invitational . The two-day tournament is being held in Auburn Arena .
`` We now have an understanding of what we need to do to get a win , '' head coach Rick Nold said . `` As today 's match went along , we really started to play a lot sharper and really came together as team . ''
Senior Breanna Barksdale had a productive day for Auburn ( 4-4 ) , totaling a season-high 10 kills on 15 attempts for a .467 attack percentage . Sophomore Brenna McIlroy added eight kills with two solo blocks , while senior Emily Klitzke finished with seven kills and four blocks .
Junior setter Alexa Filley picked up their fourth double-double of the season with 30 assists and 10 digs . Junior libero Jesse Earl had team-best 16 digs , while McIlroy finished with eight .
Memphis ( 4-3 ) was led by McKenzie Hayes with eight kills and four blocks . Summer Morgan had five blocks and five kills , while libero Michaella Moss finished with 16 digs .
After falling behind early in set one , Auburn responded with a five-point run to go ahead 10-7 . A handful of Memphis errors made it 14-10 before the visiting Tigers used a run to force an Auburn timeout , 14-12 AU . After back-and-forth sideouts , a kill from Gwyn Jones and two by Klitzke gave Auburn set point and a Memphis error gifted Auburn the 25-21 win .
Memphis took another quick lead in the second stanza and held it through the opening half of the set . Back-to-back kills from Leticia Silva brought Auburn within two , 9-11 , before a Filley/Klitzke block sent Auburn on a 6-0 run to go ahead 18-16 . A McIlroy kill made it 23-22 and a solo block from McIlroy sent Auburn into the break with a 25-23 victory .
A kill from Macy Reece locked set three at 10 apiece and a 6-1 Auburn run pushed the Tigers to a 16-12 lead . Another big Klitzke/Filley block highlighted a five-point Auburn rally to make it 22-16 and the home team closed out the match with a kill from Reece and a service ace by Earl , 25-17 .
Auburn returns to Auburn Arena Friday night for a 7:30 p.m. CT match vs. Miami ( OH ) as part of the Auburn Invitational . Auburn fans are encouraged to bring teddy bears and take part in the Teddy Toss at intermission . All stuffed animals will be donated to EAMC for the holiday season .
Legendary Showdown is a game of comically epic battles between fantastic characters , so it takes a pretty high level of awesomeness to meet our standards . Fortunately , Gunnerkrigg Court , the brainchild of renowned author and illustrator Tom Siddell , is a rockstar amongst webcomics and possesses the exact kind of style that Legendary Showdown demands . If you have not yet had the pleasure of absorbing Gunnerkrigg Court , then you are in for a treat ! Since it joined the webcomic world in 2005 , Gunnerkrigg Court has won 6 Web Cartoonist 's Choice Awards and become an instant audience favorite .
Gunnerkrigg Court follows Antimony Carver , a seemingly normal girl who attends a boarding school in the UK . They soon learns that Gunnerkrigg Court is home to unbelievable technology , supernatural creatures , and menacing mysteries . Across a deadly ravine , separated by a forbidden bridge , lies Gillitie Wood , a forest full of unexpected magic , etheric beings , and an ancient trickster god who is always at odds with the human world . As Annie explores Gunnerkrigg Court and discovers the woods , they learn of their hidden birthright , discovers dark secrets , and makes unexpected allies .
Why we love Gunnerkrigg Court
First and foremost , the writing is amazing . Tom Siddell writes a strong plot that masterfully intertwines science , alchemy , folklore , and enigmas from beyond the grave . Gunnerkrigg Court is full of mysteries that hint at a much larger , much darker secret , and each episode is tactfully laced with subtle clues .
Second , it actually has a hero who matters . Any girl can wait around to get rescued , but Antimony has the guts to face monsters and investigate secrets that may be better left unknown .
Third , Tom Siddell has a rich collection of characters . Gunnerkrigg Court is home to immortal beings , pesky pixies , vengeful ghosts , and some very non-threatening pigeons . It also features a secretive , self-sustaining civilization of seriously awesome robots . There are epic dueling robots , horse robots , laser cows , and of course , Boxbot , the robot you will love to hate .
In short , there are too many reasons to love Gunnerkrigg Court to thoroughly explore here , and more than enough reasons to welcome Gunnerkrigg Court into the Legendary Showdown family .
Legendary Showdown 2
Working with the characters and plot of Gunnerkrigg Court opens up some seriously cool things for Legendary Showdown 2 . First , laser cows . Seriously- they 're in the game . As are Antimony , Ysengrin , Jones , and even the Robot King .
As for new cards , we are adding an entirely new type of cards that are played immediately to create special power rounds , including a little beauty we like to call “ Mort Fun Time. ” We 've also added negative bonuses , negative face down cards , and my personal favorite : an Instant Card called “ Now I 'm Angry ! ” that will let you instantly repeat an action card used by any other player , as if you had played that card yourself . Of course , there are a lot of other new cards as well , but we will be talking about those another time .
Check back next week as we introduce the world of Girl Genius , created by Kaja and Phil Foglio , and a preview of new cards from the Heterodynes . OR , if you have any awesome card ideas , please leave a comment below . If you are new to Legendary Showdown , consider taking advantage of our holiday sale or see what our supporters thought over at Amazon.com
This actually happened . I do n't know whether the professor is big into some kind of other-side personal coaching of students , or if they just got bad humour like the rest of us .
Peoples is gone . They went to Germany to stay there for the rest of 2012 . They said there might not be internet wherever they would be stationed . I did n't even realize there were places like that anymore . However . We have n't heard from them since .
I started playing mass effect yesterday when I had finally conquered the last exam . It did n't go too well with my stress-relief-headache . I would 've hoped that there would 've been some greater improvement to the gameplay . There 's a bit . But levelling is still quite boring , and there are only this many ways to specialize . I 'm also annoyed that I lost my save .
The paragon/renegade system is way more good/evil in this one . I thought it had some potential to not be like all the other games . Actions in dialogues are good , but I think they would be alot greater without the “ HEY YOU 'RE GOING TO SHOOT THAT SCREEN AND GO RENEGADE ON Their ASS ” . It comes without saying .
Anyhow , that 's it for this week .
Cheers .
-Andreas
Advertisements
Wednesday , May 7
By Flo McDonald of Lee 's Summit , Missouri , USA
For in them all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell , and through them God was pleased to reconcile to themselves all things , whether on earth or in heaven , by making peace…
—Colossians 1:19–20 NRSV
I witnessed what it means to have harmony amid adversity . Not long ago I attended a celebration dinner for a family member who had achieved a goal in education . The attendees were uncomfortable because of past conflicts . They were there because of the young man—a perfect opportunity for reconciliation and making peace .
In the beginning , there was an air of hostility and withdrawal . The young man did n't notice , and they thoroughly enjoyed their family being together in their honor . Before the evening was over , everyone was talking , taking pictures , and visiting as old friends .
I looked at those around the table and noticed the congeniality . I thanked God for love and blessing . I knew this happened because God was at work during that time . It came about because of our common love—love for the young man grew into love for all who loved him . We came together , and love found its way to the table .
Thanks be to God for continual and many blessings of joy , hope , love , and peace—and for allowing me to see the possibilities of harmony amid adversity .
Prayer for Peace
Reuniting God , open our hearts so love may come in . Help us find common ground and with it , peace .
Spiritual Practice : Pursue Peace on Earth
Read and reflect on Doctrine and Covenants 161:2a . Reflect on how you can “ see violence but proclaim peace…feel conflict , yet extend the hand of reconciliation…encounter broken spirits and find pathways for healing. ” What does the peace of Christ mean to you ?
Begin by prayerfully listening to your longing for peace . Prayerfully open yourself to God 's yearning for peace and the divine vision of shalom . What act of justice or peacemaking does God invite you to pursue this day ? Dwell on these words of pursuit : see , proclaim , feel , extend , encounter , find .
Peace Covenant
Today , God , I will pursue peace by overlooking differences .
Advertisements
2016 marks the 15th anniversary of the original release of Rez . The Sega-published , UGA-developed Dreamcast and PlayStation 2 game was n't the most complicated game ever made . It 's a lock-on rail shooter , it 's Space Harrier with a lock-on . It 's Panzer Dragoon without the need to manually rotate and find things behind you . But it 's also got style . The most style , perhaps .
Rez was never some huge system selling juggernaut . But it was important . And it stands out now as a solid indicator of where Sega 's head was at back around the turn of the century . The company was still interested in taking risks and making stylish projects that stood out . Visually , Rez was wonderful . It left a mark on me that few games do , such that I find myself thinking about Rez out of nowhere , reminding myself that I should probably dig out my PS2 copy and my Trance Vibrator to give it another go . Whenever I do , I usually play the first level , the Lost Area level , and drift away from it again . It 's tempting to say that Rez deserved better , or that it should have been a huge sales success . But , ultimately , I think the right people found Rez and appreciated it on its own terms .
That 's code for `` Rez is important to me but I 'm not going to sit here and tell you that I think Rez should 've been turned into a franchise with tons of sequels and reboots . But some part of me would be insanely thrilled if that 's how it went . ''
It is 2016 , and there is time for Rez .
Yesterday , during the keynote address at the PlayStation Experience 2015 , Tetsuya Mizuguchi appeared on stage with Rez Infinite , a new take on the old game . It will ( optionally ) support Sony 's PlayStation VR peripheral , taking Rez to virtual reality , the place it deserved to be all along . It 's not a massive reboot or remake of Rez . Having played a brief chunk of it , I can tell you that , so far , it 's Rez . It 's a sharper-looking version of Rez , not entirely unlike Rez HD , which came to the Xbox 360 .
I played the first level with the headset on . From a mechanical perspective , this means that you 're playing Rez , but you can aim your reticle by looking around . You can , of course , also use the left stick to aim , but that kinda defeats the purpose . Playing Rez -- a game that was originally released in a 4:3 aspect ratio -- with the game 's graphics wrapped around your head is a wholly different experience . For one , the action feels spread out a bit . Also , Rez may be one of the more delightfully disorienting games I 've played in VR thus far . The levels in Rez are split up into `` layers . '' While most of the layers position you behind your avatar and give you the perspective of moving forward into cyberspace , some layers position you on the side of your character . So there 's an abrupt transition in your direction of movement that , in VR , feels extremely dramatic . Actually , the blurs and blasts of color that mark the layer transitions take on a way more dramatic and disorienting role when you 're playing in VR . I could see this being off-putting to some , but at the same time , that disorientation and slightly uneasy feeling makes the game feel a lot more intense and satisfying . I definitely had to take a second to get my wits about me once the helmet came off .
I played through the entire first level with just the helmet on , then I tried an abbreviated level with the area four boss battle bolted onto the end up it while strapped into the evolution of the Trance Vibrator . This `` synesthesia suit '' is a cluster of 26 actuators , wired up to a rack mounted system , and it 's all designed to vibrate and pulse in different spots around your body as you play . On one hand , it was amazing . The beat pulsates and travels around your body , starting in your chest and arms and eventually working its way down to your legs over the course of the level . But it did n't feel like this insanely expensive bodysuit was required to make the game intense . The headset is more than enough to do that . That said , there 's something to be said for a new type of Trance Vibrator rig that works with Rez in VR , and it sounds like the developers are willing to investigate what would it take to make something more reasonable than the one-off suit , if players are interested . It 's cool . Anyway , here 's a pile of photos of me ( and a couple of Capy 's Nathan Vella ) taken by John Ricciardi and Mark MacDonald from 8-4 :
The stage demo given at the PlayStation Experience also mentions something called `` Area X '' and showed a quick bit of something that almost looked like it was n't on rails , so there will be some brand-new things coming to Rez Infinite . But that was n't in the version I was shown . We do n't currently have any footage of Rez Infinite just yet , but it looks like a sharper , 16:9 version of Rez HD when it 's spit out onto a TV . Here 's some of that , in case you need a refresher :
So just imagine all of that ... but imagine it 's all taking place all around you , I guess ? Yeah , I suppose it 's still pretty hard to convey VR to people who have n't tried it .
The game is due out on PlayStation 4 in the back half of 2016 . With the game 's 15th anniversary happening in that time frame , I would n't be surprised if this thing landed on the exact day , November 22 , 2016 .
14 Delningar
I den offentliga debatten stöter man inte sällan på idén att våldsdåd riktade mot invandrare dels är mycket vanliga , dels är följden av ” hatets återkomst ” . Det antas då också att det är alternativmedias och Sverigedemokraternas fel att dessa dåd äger rum . En sådan föreställning ignorerar de många rasistiskt motiverade våldsdåd som drabbar etniska svenskar , exempelvis IKEA-morden . Det är dessutom osäkert hur mycket i föreställningen som egentligen är retorik och hur mycket som är ärligt menat . Oavsett vilket utgår föreställningen också från en felaktig och ovetenskaplig syn på etniska relationer , och en oförmåga att skilja mellan individuell nivå och kollektiv nivå . Det hela påminner lite om resonemanget ” min pizzabagare är alltid så trevlig när jag betalar , därför kan invandring inte vara något problem ” .
Men det finns forskning om etniska relationer , forskning som hade kunnat göra den svenska debatten något mindre infantil . Professorn i juridik , Amy Chua , har skrivit en bok med titeln World on Fire : How Exporting Free Market Democracy Breeds Ethnic Hatred and Global Instability . Chua studerar där etniska relationer i bland annat Filippinerna , Ryssland och Afrika . Hon finner att kombinationen demokrati , marknadskapitalism och mångkultur inte är så harmonisk som liberaler gärna föreställer sig . Istället är det ofta så att en grupp lyckas betydligt bättre ekonomiskt än andra , denna grupp är ofta numerärt begränsad . Chua kallar dem därför för marknadsdominanta minoriteter . Det kan handla om libaneser i Västafrika , kineser i Indonesien och Filippinerna , vita i Sydafrika eller judar i det post-sovjetiska Ryssland . De marknadsdominanta minoriteternas kontroll över ekonomin kan ibland vara slående , Chua nämner att kineser utgör 3 % av befolkningen i Indonesien men kontrollerar 70 % av ekonomin . Om detta beror på kulturellt eller genetiskt arv är i sammanhanget ointressant , sådana extrema klyftor sticker normalt i ögonen på majoriteten . Minoriteten upplevs , inte sällan med rätta , som hjärtlös och arrogant . Makt korrumperar som bekant . Kombinationen av marknadskapitalism och mångkultur betyder också att det är svårt för staten att utjämna klyftorna . Chua beskriver alltså en explosiv situation , där etniska relationer har en ekonomisk komponent som inte sällan leder till inbördeskrig , kupper och pogromer . Inte sällan ser minoriteterna till att demokratin avskaffas , inte sällan jagas de istället på gatorna . Vi bör vara medvetna om att denna logik även kan påverka Sverige . Även om de etniska svenskarna än så länge är att betrakta som en marknadsdominant majoritet växer hatet mot dem i en del så kallade utanförskapsområden . Något man svårligen kan åtgärda med ytterligare transfereringar av ekonomiska medel , de är redan massiva . Samtidigt uppmuntrar det offentliga Sverige detta hat , genom att förklara de etniska svenskarnas ekonomiska framgångar med att de är ” rasister ” och ” diskriminerar ” . De gånger hatet exploderar i utbrott av våld , oavsett om det drabbar en ensam nattvandrare eller ambulanspersonal , bär alltså media och etablissemang en del av ansvaret . Även om det alltså , som Chua visar , förmodligen skulle äga rum även utan dem .
Den ekonomiska aspekten är dock bara en del av de etniska relationernas logik , en logik som kan vara både asymmetrisk och explosiv . Redan Chua antyder att det är inte ” rasism ” som gör att etniska relationer periodvis urartar i konflikter . Istället är det intressekonflikter och förskjutna maktbalanser . Man kan alltså notera att orsakssambandet inte är ” alternativmedia - > hatets återkomst ” . Det är snarare ” ansvarslös invandringspolitik - > folkutbyte - > etnisk konflikt ” . Den förstnämnda förklaringsmodellen är moralistisk men verklighetsfrämmande , den senare är med verkligheten mer överensstämmande och ger oss också en del konkreta förslag på hur vi ska kunna minska ” hatet ” . Det handlar inte om individer som är ” dumma ” eller ” rasistiska ” , det handlar om dynamik och relationer mellan grupper .
En värdefull bekantskap när man ska förstå etniska relationer är även professorn i sociologi och antropologi , Pierre van den Berghe ( vilket är föga förvånande då den offentliga debatten på detta område är direkt anti-sociologisk ) . van den Berghe kombinerar ett biologiskt och sociologiskt perspektiv , vilket är logiskt då människan ju också är ett djur med diverse instinkter . Han är kritisk till många aspekter av det etniska , både ” dess intolerans ” och ” dess våld ” . Men han är samtidigt medveten om att det etniska är en del av det mänskliga , vilket alltså kan hanteras men knappast avskaffas . van den Berghes resonemang för tankarna till ” den själviska genen ” , djur samarbetar och gynnar på så vis både sin egen avkomma och släktingar med vilka de delar gener . Det finns idag överväldigande bevis för att djursamhällen binds samman genom nepotism . Släktingar hjälper varandra .
I dagens Sverige ses nepotism dock som moraliskt oacceptabelt , i synnerhet när det gäller de etniska svenskarna ( att den trevlige pizzabagaren bara anställer landsmän och , möjligen , snygga blondiner är inte moraliskt lika uppseendeväckande ) . Men van den Berghe visar att människan också är nepotist , och att detta kommer till uttryck genom etniska grupper . I viss mån är släktskapet i en etnisk grupp inte alltid lika verkligt som i ett djursamhälle , delvis är det med Benedict Andersons ord en ” föreställd gemenskap ” . Men inte enbart , van den Berghe konstaterar att etnisk samhörighet kan manipuleras men inte skapas fritt .
Relationerna mellan etniska grupper kan variera , van den Berghe tar upp allt från handel till erövring . Han noterar att det för en etnisk grupp är förenat med genetiska kostnader att förlora kontrollen över ett eget land . Ofta inleder den erövrande gruppen med att mörda eller kastrera de besegrade männen , och våldta eller förslava deras kvinnor . Men även utan detta mer extrema våld har det kostnader att förlora makten över sitt öde . En underordnad grupp ” förlorar ” kvinnor till den dominerande gruppen , utan att få tillgång till den dominerande gruppens kvinnor . Dessa sammanhang förklarar delvis varför så många människor offrat sina liv för att kasta av sig främmande härskare , genetiskt var det hela rationellt .
van den Berghe konstaterar också att ” assimilering ” inte är fullt så enkelt som många utgår från . Människor föredrar normalt att omge sig med ” sina egna ” . Det som kan underlätta assimilering , alltså i praktiken att människor byter etnisk grupp , är att skillnaderna mellan grupperna är små , att den assimilerade gruppen är liten och har låg status . Även invandring kan spela in , själva flytten bryter ner många band . En invandrad grupp assimileras , allt annat lika , lättare än en minoritet som bor kvar i sina hemtrakter . Men samtidigt påminner van den Berghe oss om hur verklighetsfrämmande den svenska invandrings- och integrationsdebatten är . Man ignorerar det etniska , ofta med infantila påståenden som att ” det finns inga svenskar ” trots att alla normalbegåvade människor är väl medvetna om att det visst gör det . Samtidigt utgår man från individualism och enkelriktad moralism , och talar om ” rasism ” när det egentligen handlar om relationer mellan grupper . Resultatet är att man bygger in möjligheten till etniska konflikter i det svenska samhället och förvandlar den offentliga debatten till något förljuget och idiotiskt .
14 Delningar
unknown522 said : hell no . Roy gets absolutely destroyed by jiggs . Also , the up-b thing only kills puff on yoshi 's story ( unless they do n't DI on FD ) . Click to expand ...
It 'll kill on stadium too , even if they DI.But yeah , point still stands . Reverse upB does n't have much range , and if you whiff its a free rest . Only two stages you can depend on the reverse upB to kill , and the only real time you can use it is out of shield ... and no puffs will be landing right in front of your shield.Roy 's two redeeming features , their down tilt and fsmash , are pretty much useless against jiggs . She 's never going to be on the ground , and all of their priority tears through fsmash . Grab game is zilch since shes floaty , the only real thing thats possible is down throw - > fsmash at super low percents , and thats only if they DI wrong.The only thing roy can really do in the match up is overB tap - > jab over and over , and then hope jiggs does something dumb at kill percents .
When Jason Collins became the first male athlete to be openly gay while playing for a pro sports team this morning , it was pretty much expected that social conservatives would come out of the woodwork to troll the heck out of the NBA center and somehow try to diminish the importance of theirs coming out in a sports environment dominated by homophobia .
Naturally , enter some Breitbart.com guy . Not just some Breitbart guy , but the editor-at-large and king of nasaly whining Ben Shapiro . They fired off a few predictably buffoonish tweets that attempted to minimize the importance of an NBA player coming out :
Coming from an social arch-conservative whose screed-of-a-book stops just short of proposing a ban on pornography , we should n't be surprised he 'd respond in such a manner .
But the way in which the following tweet was promptly shut down by the Internet is worth noting :
So Shapiro is absolutely aghast that people would dare call Collins a “ hero ” for coming out as homosexual in professional sports . It diminishes the accomplishments of real heroes , says Shapiro — you know , the ones who experience the hell of war and risk their lives to defend freedom and return safely from overseas conflict .
But , as the Internet helpfully point out , Shapiro themselves has defiled that standard for “ heroism ” … and has done so repeatedly :
Conservative radio host Mark Levin must be on par with Normandy then ?
Ah , yes , Sen. Ted Cruz must also be just like the brave men ( like my grandfather ) who fought on the beaches of Normandy .
Yep . Captain Moonbase has to be on the same level as Normandy 's heroes . Otherwise Shapiro has been contributing to the degradation of the word “ hero ” all along !
Ah , yes , so coming out as a conservative film producer in a world full of liberal film producers… that makes you a hero . But not coming out as gay in a sports environment that fears homosexuality ?
Ultimately , and not surprisingly , it seems as though the definition of “ hero ” is : Whatever Ben Shapiro thinks is heroic .
Also , just a reminder to Ben Shapiro : At the 2013 Conservative Political Action Committee , one of your little insular socially conservative speeches was hosted around the same time as the controversial “ pro-gay ” roundtable . Note the disparity in attendance .
Your event , via @ existentialfish :
The “ gay ” event 's crowd , via :
Hopefully this serves as a helpful metaphor for you .
— —
> > Follow Andrew Kirell ( @ AndrewKirell ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Hey all ,
Thank you so much to everyone who participated and provided their input .
We had an astounding 3,135 responses !
We 've officially closed the survey and have all of the data now .
As we mentioned before , we are sharing this data freely . So we hope you use it to build cool things , or just to understand the state of the industry .
So here it is – the raw survey responses spreadsheet . As-is . For you to use for whatever you 'd like :
View the Results ( Google Spreadsheet )
Our Analysis
We analyzed the results of the Design Salary Survey and we found a ton of interesting data . Thanks to our good friend and amazing business analyst , Eliran Zagbiv , for their analysis of the results .
So here it is – and may it be useful for your future endeavours .
Check out the Visualized Analysis
——
This survey has been brought to you by Hacking UI & Hired
MSNBC Analyst Shocks Host as They Come Unhinged , Insists Jared Kushner is a Russian Agent ( VIDEO )
MSNBC analyst , Naveed Jamali became so crazed when they insisted that President Trump 's son-in-law , Jared Kushner is a Russian agent , that host Stephanie Ruhle was even shocked and taken aback .
Jamali : “ You look for patterns and this is a clear pattern emerging . It 's a pattern that shows a consistent effort to deceive . And when you have that , there 's only one conclusion you can draw , again from an intelligence standpoint that this man ( Jared Kushner ) was either a Russian agent , either aspiring to be a Russian agent or was in fact a Russian agent . Ruhle : “ Hold on , this man being Jared Kushner ? You really think they want to be a Russian agent ? Why would they be a Russian agent ? That 's a major allegation . I mean that 's kind of a stretch , ”
At this point , Naveed Jamali went on a crazy tinfoil hat rant about Jared Kushner and Michael Flynn being in bed with the Russians . Even the other guests had looks of disbelief on their faces .
Jamali went on to say that agents of foreign governments often go down a path toward treason .
Of course there is ZERO evidence that Kushner sought to advance the interests of the Russian government by attempting to open a back-channel to the Kremlin .
Kushner 's back-channel request was simply an effort to address the fight in Syria .
VIDEO :
H/T The Daily Caller
A local government has given its approval to an incentive package for Blue Origin 's engine manufacturing plant .
County commissioners in Madison County , Alabama , voted Wednesday to approve its role in the incentive deal for the BE-4 engine plant , including site preparation and $ 500,000 .
The Huntsville City Council will vote to approve its part of the overall deal Thursday .
The agreement , announced last month , will have Blue Origin build a factory for BE-4 engines in the city should United Launch Alliance select that engine for its Vulcan rocket . [ WHNT-TV Huntsville ]
More News
A controversial proposal to create a “ Space Corps ” within the U.S. Air Force is now expected to survive in the House version of a defense authorization bill . The House Rules Committee rejected a proposed amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) late Wednesday that would have replaced language in the bill establishing the Space Corps with a study of the need for one . The committee reportedly ruled the amendment out of order , but did not provide additional details about its decision . That means the Space Corps language will likely remain in the bill when the House votes on the full bill . The Air Force , Secretary of Defense James Mattis and the White House have all expressed their opposition to the Space Corps provision in the act . [ DefenseNews ]
The White House is also opposed to language in the NDAA that would block the Pentagon from using commercial satellites launched by Russia . The provision would prevent the Defense Department from buying bandwidth on commercial communications satellites launched on Russian rockets , regardless of who owns the satellite . The statement of administration policy about the act said the White House “ strongly objects ” to that section , noting that three-fourths of satellite services that the Pentagon acquires are from foreign operators that use Russian and other launch vehicles . [ SpaceNews ]
The House Appropriations Committee will mark up a spending bill today that offers a significant increase to NASA planetary science but slashes a NOAA satellite program . The report accompanying the commerce , justice and science appropriations bill , released Wednesday , provided additional details about the bill to be considered by the full committee this morning . The bill would give NASA 's planetary science program more than $ 2.1 billion , including additional funding for Europa and Mars missions . For NOAA , it would fully fund the ongoing GOES-R and JPSS weather satellite programs , but reduce the Polar Follow-On program of future JPSS satellites to just $ 50 million , citing a lack of details from the administration on a restructuring of that effort . [ SpaceNews ]
Moon Express says it is still planning to launch its first commercial lunar lander mission by the end of this year . The company unveiled new details about its MX-1E spacecraft Wednesday , and said the first spacecraft should be completed and ready to ship to the launch site in September . The spacecraft will launch on a Rocket Lab Electron rocket , which is still in development after a partially-successful test flight in May . Moon Express said the MX-1E will be the building block for larger future missions , including a sample return mission the company says it could launch as soon as 2020 . [ SpaceNews ]
The Australian government will carry out a space policy review that could lead to a national space agency . The review , announced Thursday by Industry Minister Arthur Sinodinos , will examine how the country can support the development of a space industry . The review will start later this month and be completed by next March . It could set the stage for the creation of an Australian space agency , which many space advocates in the country say is sorely needed . [ Australian Broadcasting Corporation ]
Former Canadian astronaut Julie Payette will become the country 's next governor general . The formal announcement of Payette as governor general , the Queen 's representative in Canada , will be made later today . Payette was selected as an astronaut in 1992 and flew on two shuttle missions in 1999 and 2009 . [ CBC ]
Houston is moving ahead with development of a spaceport at the city 's Ellington Airport . The Houston Airport System has issued a call for proposals to build roads and utilities on a parcel of land at the airport for later development by aerospace companies that will set up operations there . The airport , located near NASA 's Johnson Space Center , has an FAA spaceport license , but does not currently host any launch providers . [ Houston Chronicle ]
NASA 's Juno spacecraft took stunning images of Jupiter 's Great Red Spot in its latest flyby . Juno flew about 9,000 kilometers above the massive storm late Monday , and the mission released some images from that flyby Wednesday , giving both scientists and the general public the opportunity to process them . The pass was the sixth science flyby since the spacecraft entered a highly elliptical orbit around the planet last year . [ Space.com ]
Phillip Island , like Mugello , is one of the tracks which any motorcycle racer worth their salt puts at the very top of their list of favorite tracks . And rightly so : swooping over gently undulating ground sitting atop cliffs overlooking a bay on the Bass Strait , it is perhaps the greatest of the natural race tracks . It has everything a race track should have : a collection of fast , sweeping corners which richly reward bravery ; a couple of hard braking corners fast and slow at which to overtake ; a superb and treacherous combination of turns in Lukey Heights and MG at which to make a last ditch passing attempt , and a long enough run to the finish line to make drafting a possibility . Add in arguably the most breathtaking setting on the calendar , and you have just about everything .
Of course , the glory of Phillip Island also has its downsides . The flowing nature of the track and limited number of turns means that the bikes spend a lot of time on the left-hand side of the tire , often at very high speed . With very high loads on the left-hand side , and very low loads on the right , both producing and managing tires is difficult . Add in the fact that in October , the start of the Australian spring , it can be still be very chilly indeed , especially with the strong winds blowing off the Bass Strait , with next to nothing between them and the Antarctic , and it is a potential recipe for disaster . Tires cool quickly , and each right hander has to be approached with respect . Get it wrong , and your race is over very quickly .
Tires have always been an issue at Phillip Island , providing just the sort of challenge which tire manufacturers relish . That they are not always up to the challenge was demonstrated in 2013 , when Bridgestone drastically underestimated the effect of the newly resurfaced circuit . Massive problems with overheating forced Race Direction to shorten the race and introduce compulsory pit stops , a workaround which produced a fascinating race , with the added spice of a disqualification , Marc Márquez being black-flagged for not making their pit stop in time .
Asymmetrical warfare
Last year saw another solution to the perennial tire problems at Phillip Island . Bridgestone brought an asymmetric front tire to the circuit , with much softer rubber on the right-hand side of the tire . The tire worked well enough during practice , but a dramatic drop in temperature during the race – some 10°C in less than half an hour – created severe problems for anyone who used the asymmetric front . Most crashed out , others circulated cautiously , and the rider order across the finish line changed many times before the checkered flag .
Bridgestone are bringing the asymmetric front tire once again this year , and that already has a number of riders spooked . `` I 'll tell you what , there is no way I am touching the asymmetric front , '' Cal Crutchlow said , speaking at Motegi . Things should be better this year , though , as the design of the tire has changed . The point at which the two rubbers meet has been modified , and the transition changed to make it easier to manage . Those who choose to avoid it could end up regretting that choice , if the new tire performs as expected .
Because the track places such a heavy load on tires , Bridgestone will not be bringing the edge-treated tires to Phillip Island . Contrary to popular fan mythology , that does not mean you can write Jorge Lorenzo off , however . Phillip Island is like Mugello in another way , not needing the edge treatment to make the tires work . At Mugello , Lorenzo walked away from the field , despite not having the edge-treated tires . At Phillip Island last year , Lorenzo qualified in third , and ran a strong pace early into the race until they ran into tire troubles . Not with the rear , the tire which gets the edge treatment , but with the front . Lorenzo had elected to run the extra soft front , and though the right side had worked perfectly , the left was destroyed . Probably as a result of the extra load Lorenzo places on tires from carrying corner speed .
King of Old
Valentino Rossi , using the same tire , did not suffer the same problems . Rossi took their second win of the year at Phillip Island in 2014 , staying upright after Marc Márquez had crashed out in front of him . Rossi rode a strong race in the middle of a strong final stretch , and went a long way to securing second place in the championship here . With their victory , Rossi brought their total tally of wins at the Island to six , after winning five in a row from 2001 to 2005 . It is an astonishing record , fifteen podiums from nineteen starts in all classes , and thirteen podiums in MotoGP . The only two times they did n't make a trip to the podium were during their years at Ducati .
The fact that this is Rossi 's twentieth visit to Phillip Island is a mark of their longevity . On Sunday , they will draw level with Loris Capirossi for the most Grand Prix starts with 328 . The difference between the the two Italians is marked , however . When Capirossi racked up their 328th start , they had become a tail-ender , languishing near the bottom of the championship . Rossi starts their 328th race hoping to extend their lead in the championship , preferably with a win .
To do that , they have a lot of people they need to beat . First and foremost , there is their teammate , Jorge Lorenzo also no slouch around the circuit . The Spaniard holds the pole record for the circuit , set in 2013 . They have finished on the podium at the Island for the past three years , winning once in 2013 . They have not finished lower than second since 2010 , though they also missed 2011 with injury . The flowing nature of the track suits their riding style down to the ground , all about carrying corner speed .
It is a good job Lorenzo is so fast around Phillip Island . Trailing Valentino Rossi by 18 points with three races to go , they really needs to start getting points back , preferably by winning the race . They have not yet reached the point of desperation , where they must risk crashing in an all-or-nothing dash for points . But they there are little room left for caution .
A helping hand
Even if Lorenzo wins the remaining three races , they will still need help from other riders to get in between themselves and Rossi . Fortunately , Phillip Island is everyone 's favorite , and the list of riders gunning for a podium is very long indeed . Marc Márquez must surely be the prime candidate to finish ahead of Valentino Rossi , though the danger for Lorenzo is that Márquez is probably capable of taking points from both Movistar Yamaha riders .
The question Márquez must face is whether the Honda is up to it , after the RC213V has been problematic all season . Phillip Island is a track which masks the bike 's problems , offering hope to all of the Honda riders . There are only two corners where the rear braking issue is a problem , and success for Márquez will come down to whether their crew manage to solve the Honda 's lack of grip . If they can find some drive for them out of the corner , the reigning world champion should be in with a shot at a win at PI . As one of only two tracks were the Spaniard has n't won on a MotoGP bike – the other being Motegi – they will be keen to rectify that .
With a disqualification in 2013 , and a crash on the asymmetric tire in 2014 , Márquez will not want Phillip Island to turn into a bogey track for him . The circuit already holds bad memories for the Repsol Honda rider , after their horrendous and extremely dangerous crash during practice with Ratthapark Wilairot in Moto2 . Márquez received a remarkably lenient punishment for that incident , caused when Márquez was still pushing at race speed despite the session already being over . They came through the field to finish third , but arguably , they should never have been allowed to start .
Márquez is not the only Honda who could get between the Yamahas , Dani Pedrosa coming off a dominant win at Motegi and bursting with confidence . They are starting to believe that the arm pump surgery they underwent earlier this year has been a complete success , and at a flowing , largely left-handed track like Phillip Island , it should not trouble them at all . Pedrosa has a point to prove , and though is record in Australia is rather poor , this could be the year that things change . Dani Pedrosa could well put the cat among the pigeons at Phillip Island .
In fact , the pigeons at Phillip Island could well end up filing a lawsuit for harassment given the potential number of cats they may to contend with . As Casey Stoner proved during their period of domination at their home circuit , the track is much , much more about the rider than the bike . Fast corners mean that outright horsepower is less of a factor , helping to level the playing field . The bike has to turn , but a half-decent set up will allow a good rider to go fast whatever they are on . The Ducatis were already fast here last year , Cal Crutchlow almost getting on the podium on the GP14.2 . The Suzukis , which are probably the best handling bike on the grid , are lacking in acceleration , but that should not be an issue . Bradley Smith got their maiden podium at Phillip Island last year , and is both a better rider and on a better bike in 2015 . Cal Crutchlow is now on a Honda , but equally capable of causing the front runners problems . The two factory Ducatis of Andrea Dovizioso and Andrea Iannone should also threaten the Yamahas and Honda , and you ca n't rule out Danilo Petrucci or Yonny Hernandez on the Pramac bikes .
Aussie , Aussie , Aussie
The good news for local fans is that there will be the grand total of three Australians on the grid at Phillip Island . In addition to LCR Honda rider Jack Miller – improving fast , now that they are under the tutelage and iron fist of Alberto Puig – Ant West will be substituting for Karel Abraham , the Czech rider still recovering from a badly injured foot . They will be joined by Damian Cudlin , the Australian taking the place of the injured Alex De Angelis at Ioda Racing . The news emanating from the De Angelis camp is positive : the Italian is still in hospital after their crash at Motegi , but their condition is stabilizing . Their family has arrived and is with them now , a relief for any seriously injured rider .
With the Moto2 championship wrapped up , attention turns to Moto3 . Danny Kent has a lead of 56 points over Enea Bastianini , and is close to wrapping up the title . A top two finish would do it , as would a third , as long as Bastianini does not win . But Kent has plenty of opportunities left , even if they do lose more than six points to Bastianini . With 19 more points from the next three races , the title will be Kent 's .
The Englishman will go into Phillip Island confident , knowing that they can do well at the track . Kent was in the group battling for the win last year , until they were taken out by Brad Binder . That is something they must avoid this year , but the track is built for epic battles . If this year 's race is only half as good as the Moto3 race in 2014 , fans are in for a treat .
It 's Phillip Island , so they are in for a treat anyway . There are race tracks and there are race tracks , and then there is Phillip Island . The jewel in racing 's crown .
Gathering the background information for long articles such as This is an expensive and time-consuming operation . If you enjoyed this article , please consider supporting MotoMatters.com . You can help by either taking out a subscription , buying the beautiful MotoMatters.com 2015 racing calendar , by making a donation , or by contributing via our GoFundMe page .
April 21 , 2017
Watchdog group that includes former Obama staffers sues FBI and DOJ over Trump wiretap claims , Russia investigation
Colleen Shalby
Los Angeles Times
April 20 , 2017
American Oversight , a newly formed ethics watchdog group , has gone to court over President Trump 's unsubstantiated claims that they were wiretapped by the Obama administration and an ongoing FBI investigation into whether the Trump campaign cooperated with Russian intelligence agencies .
After their Freedom of Information Act request for documentation was rejected by the Justice Department and the FBI , the group is suing both agencies .
The first lawsuit , filed Wednesday , demands proof to back Trump 's explosive charge , initially made on Twitter on March 4 , that their predecessor had wiretapped Trump Tower last year .
So far , no evidence has emerged to support that claim , and numerous senior intelligence and law enforcement officials , as well as President Obama , have denied it . A president has no authority to order a wiretap .
The second lawsuit is seeking documents related to the FBI 's counterintelligence investigation into whether members of the Trump campaign actively assisted or coordinated with Russian attempts to interfere with the 2016 presidential race .
That probe began last July and remains open , according to the FBI . Several former members of Trump 's team , including their former national security advisor Michael Flynn , have come under scrutiny . All have denied any impropriety .
The group is specifically asking for the release of Atty . Gen. Jeff Sessions ' foreign contacts and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus ' communications with the FBI about the investigation .
Sessions recused themselves from any role in the FBI investigation last month after news reports revealed that they had failed to tell their Senate confirmation hearing that they had met several times with the Russian ambassador to Washington last year when Sessions was still in the Senate but was advising Trump .
“ Nearly 100 days into President Trump 's term , there are more questions than answers about the president and their associates ' contacts with Russia , “ Austin Evers , director of American Oversight , said in a statement .
Although American Oversight calls itself nonpartisan , it was specifically launched this year with a mission to hold the Trump administration accountable .
At least two of the lawyers connected to the group worked for the Obama administration .
Please support Truthout 's work by making a tax-deductible donation : click here to contribute .
There 's something that every single American family understands , that Conservative budget hawks do n't want us to talk about , and that 's the difference between spending and investing .
Let 's assume that the typical American family collects its paycheck at the end of the month and decides to go out to eat for a fancy dinner . A couple glasses of wine , an appetizer , four entrees , and a few desserts later , the waiter brings the check and – at least here in DC – that family is now out about $ 150 . Do that once a month as a special treat , and you 're pushing $ 2000 a year . That money is not coming back . It was spent and is now gone .
Now let 's assume that same family decided to skip the fancy dinners all year . Instead they take $ 2,000 and put it into home repairs like a new air conditioner , improved insulation , or a new rooftop deck . Unlike spending it on a fancy dinner , that money does n't just disappear . It will actually create more wealth in the long run through lower energy bills and an increase in the value of their home . That 's an investment .
Or let 's assume that same family uses a chunk of their paycheck to start a pre-paid college fund for their kids . Again , that money does n't disappear . Instead , it was invested in the future for their kids to earn a college degree .
Or heck , maybe they just buy $ 150 worth of stocks every month like everyone else . Again , the money does n't disappear . In fact , in a year it might be worth $ 2500 . That 's another investment .
American families know the difference between spending and investing . And they know when times are tough , they cut back on the spending but not on the investments . That means fewer fancy dinners out , but no cuts to their kids ' college fund or mortgage payments on their home .
But why is n't this same logic applied to our government ? Like a family , our government is capable of spending and investing .
Money put into our wars is the perfect example of spending . As a nation , we can spend a trillion dollars deploying troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , manufacturing and detonating bunker busting bombs , and re-fueling aircraft carriers in the Gulf . Guess what happens to all of that money ? It 's obliterated .
War spending is just that – spending . It does n't create more wealth in the future . The shards of a Predator Drone 's Tomahawk missile in Northern Pakistan will not create one dime of lasing wealth for our nation . Our military might as well have gone out for a few million big fancy steak dinners .
No question about it , our government spends a lot of money . And when it comes to reducing our deficits , there 's certainly a lot of waste , fraud , and abuse within that spending that can be cut – particularly in the Defense Department , which seems to have lost $ 2 trillion dollars they ca n't account for .
But let 's not confuse spending with investing , which our government also does a lot of .
For example , money put into Pell Grants so more kids can go to college is an investment that will create lasting wealth for our entire nation when those kids graduate and become a productive part of the economy . Our experience with the GI Bill indicates every dollar spent will return at least seven dollars – and maybe as much as fifty dollars – back to government coffers in the form of income taxes from more productive and higher-paid workers .
Money put toward green energy projects like wind farms , solar plants , and electric cars are investments that will create a boat-load of jobs , reduce our demand for foreign oil , and make our environment cleaner .
Money put toward infrastructure like new roads , bridges , and high-speed rail systems are investments that will make it cheaper and easier for businesses to ship goods across the country or for Americans to travel and go on vacation .
Money put into health care research is an investment that will cut down on the costs diseases inflict on our economy , and , as a bonus , give us a healthier , more productive workforce .
Even money put toward social welfare programs like food stamps and unemployment benefits are investments . Moody 's did research into this and found that for every dollar invested in expanding the food stamp program , the economy generates an additional $ 1.73 . And for every dollar invested in unemployment benefits , the economy generates an additional $ 1.64 . That 's a pretty good return on investment .
President Obama often says the word “ investment ” when referring to money put into education programs , infrastructure , and health care research . But you will never hear Republicans use the word “ investment. ” For them , it 's always spending , spending , spending .
Ever since Reagan said , “ The nine most terrifying words in the English language are , ‘ I 'm from the government and I 'm here to help , ' ” Conservatives have been hell-bent on convincing all of us that government ca n't do anything right . That all it can do is spend – or waste – money .
But this ridiculous talking point ignores an entire national history of worthwhile investments – from Jefferson 's Louisiana Purchase to Lincoln 's Land Grant Colleges to FDR 's New Deal to Eisenhower 's Interstate Highway system . All were investments made by our government that created enormous wealth in the long-term for the nation in the form of new jobs , better education , and more efficient transportation . And they all more than paid for themselves by the increase in tax revenues that comes with increased economic activity .
But Conservatives know that if they drag the name of government through the mud enough , then they can convince the American people that our American experiment in democratic governance is a failure . So they appoint lugheads like “ Brownie ” to head up FEMA , and then point out FEMA 's subsequent failures to justify privatizing it .
Whether they call it “ austerity ” or call it “ Starve the Beast , ” the goal is the same : slash government investments and let the private sector handle the work of building our national infrastructure , caring for our sick and elderly , and transitioning to a new energy source . But rather than all of this work being done for the public good as the government would ensure , it will be done for the private profit-good of a handful of fat cats on Wall Street .
Today , with the so-called “ fiscal cliff ” looming , Conservative budget hawks are still ignoring – or lying about – our government 's role as an investor . Paul Ryan 's budget , which is the Republican starting-point in negotiations , proposes massive cuts to crucial investments like Medicare , Pell Grant programs , and green energy .
In the short-term Ryan 's cuts will lower the deficit . But in the long-term , those fewer investments will inflict serious harm on our nation . What will the American workforce look like in 20 years with a million fewer college graduates ? How much money will be wasted over the next fifty years on cancer-causing , climate-warming fossil fuels while we procrastinate on clean energy ? What sort of damage will be inflicted on our health care system when millions of seniors lose preventative care and instead rely on Ryan 's vouchers and the Emergency Room as their health provider ?
Just as a family chooses to invest in the areas that are most important to them – like their home , their kids ' college education , their healthcare – our government 's investments reflect national priorities like education , healthcare , and infrastructure . Without those investments , we have no future . And without a future , then budget deficits and fiscal cliffs really do n't matter at all .
Let 's put America back to work – let 's invest in them once again .
'The Vampire Diaries ' star will exit at the end of the current sixth season ; co-star Michael Trevino also appears to be following them out the door .
The Vampire Diaries will return for a seventh season , but without its leading lady .
Series star Nina Dobrev ( Elena ) is exiting The CW drama , the actor announced Monday afternoon .
Degrassi girl from Canada showed up in LA to audition for 'that Twilight TV show . ' ; - ) I love you all . Fasten your seatbelts . If you think you know what 's coming , you do n't . '' `` I 've just spent the most beautiful weekend on Lake Lanier in Georgia with my own TVD Family , the cast and crew of The Vampire Diaries . I want to be the first to tell you that it was n't just a holiday celebration , it was a goodbye party , '' they wrote on Instagram . `` I always knew I wanted Elena 's story to be a six-season adventure , and within those six years I got the journey of a lifetime . I was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , a doppelganger pretending to be human , a human pretending to be a doppelganger . I got kidnapped , killed , resurrected , tortured , cursed , body-snatched , was dead and undead , and there 's still so much more to come before the season finale in May . Elena fell in love not once , but twice , with two epic soulmates , and I myself made some of the best friends I 'll ever know and built an extended family I will love forever . There 's more to come before we wrap this up , and I promise you 'll get to hear all about my experiences over the next month as we approach the season finale ( I have given an exclusive interview for the June issue of SELF Magazine that I am excited for you to see ! ) , but until then I invite you to hop on the roller coaster ride that is Elena Gilbert 's life and join me as I celebrate them and prepare to say goodbye to them — and to my work family — as I move on to the next chapter of my life . I want to share this goodbye with all of you ( this weekend 's pictures were just the beginning ) . You , the wonderful fandom who gave more love , support and passion than anyone could have ever imagined seven years ago , when a younggirl from Canada showed up in LA to audition for 'that Twilight TV show . ' ; - ) I love you all . Fasten your seatbelts . If you think you know what 's coming , you do n't . ''
Dobrev 's exit comes in a year when the series has lost several key players — including their onscreen brother , Steven R. McQueen ( Jeremy ) , as well as Marguerite MacIntyre 's Sheriff Forbes ; Michael Trevino ( Tyler ) has booked ABC 's The Kingmakers pilot — but the departure of the veteran drama 's female lead is a particularly deep loss . During The Vampire Diaries ' six-season run , Dobrev also has played Elena 's dopplegangers Katherine , Amara and Tatia , in addition to serving as the central love interest for stars Paul Wesley and Ian Somerhalder .
See more Broadcast TV 's Returning Shows 2015-16
Rumors of Dobrev 's departure first circulated over the holiday weekend when crew members shared photos on social media from a group trip featuring the cast and exec producer Julie Plec with the hashtag # ninawewillmissyou .
`` Saying goodbye to Nina is both bittersweet and beautiful . After six-plus years together , the entire cast and crew of The Vampire Diaries has reached a level of closeness that I do n't think any of us ever expected , '' Plec said in a statement . `` Nina is excited to spread their wings , get some rest , travel the world and also take it by storm , and we support them a thousand-fold . We will miss Nina and the 400 characters they played , but we look forward to the insane and exciting challenge of continuing to tell stories of our Salvatore Brothers and our much-loved and gifted ensemble . ''
Meanwhile , co-star Trevino 's role in Kingmakers puts the actor 's future with The Vampire Diaries in question as the role is in first position . ( Meaning should the pilot move forward , they would leave The CW show . )
“ Michael has been a beloved member of the Vampire Diaries family since Day 1 , '' Plec said in a statement . `` Even though he 's also going to be out in the world exploring new opportunities , we look forward to finding creative ways to make sure they and their character Tyler Lockwood always remain a part of the show . ”
Previously , The Vampire Diaries ' Plec told THR there were big things ahead for Elena and their on-again boyfriend , Damon ( played by Dobrev 's real-life ex-boyfriend , Somerhalder ) to close out the remainder of season six .
`` There is quite the doozy of a storyline coming for Damon and Elena , which is all about their relationship , and how it will work , and how they want to make it work , '' they said . `` The nice thing is they found their way back to each other , and that 's good , we want them to have made their way back to each other . But that comes with hurdles . And when you throw a mother and some other surprises into the mix , it definitely tests them in fun and really dynamic ways . Which , while bringing them together and keeping them strong , has them asking a lot of questions about how their future will be together , and what they want out of a future together — in a good way ! ''
No longer the network 's flagship series , The Vampire Diaries , eclipsed by Arrow and its even more successful Flash spinoff , still drives some of The CW 's biggest ratings . Season to date , it 's averaging a 1.4 rating among adults 18-49 and 2.7 million viewers . That 's the tally after seven days of a DVR , though The CW gets atypical bumps from its own hosted streaming — where a significant chunk of younger viewers watch the show .
Dobrev , meanwhile , has become a fan favorite for their work on The Vampire Diaries . They have earned numerous Teen Choice Awards as well as People 's Choice Awards for favorite actor and chemistry with Somerhalder . The series has helped make them a star — they have nearly 5.5 million Twitter followers — and has launched into a film career with feature roles , including in Let 's Be Cops , The Roommate and The Perks of Being a Wallflower . They next has horror comedy The Final Girls — which they toplines — debuted in March .
Dobrev and Somerhalder dated for three years and split in 2013 . Somerhalder is now engaged to actor Nikki Reed , whom he 's been dating since 2014 .
Lesley Goldberg and Michael O'Connell contributed to this report .
Original Airdate : August 15 , 2011
Written & Storyboarded by : Kent Osborne & Somvilay Xayaphone
Besides Trouble in Lumpy Space , LSP has taken on very minor roles since their debut episode . This is their main return to the spotlight , and arguably has an even bigger role than the episode asupervisorstioned . I 've mentioned before that I 'm not the biggest fan of LSP when it comes to their more prominent roles , and this episode is somewhat of a true testament as to whether she 's able to hold a story on their own . Do they succeed ? Well , let 's see…
My overall favorite part of the episode is the beginning with Finn and Jake singing their little tune about themselves , which is both really endearing and funny , made even funnier by Finn 's outburst of “ PIZZA ! ” as the song finishes . Somvilay boarded the first half of the episode , and they really does a standout job in this one . There 's a few great Somvilayisms : the tiny people falling down one-by-one and forming a map to the monster , Finn , Jake and LSP abruptly pulling up seats before LSP tells them tale , and just some of the really nice dynamic shots . One of Somvilay 's biggest strengths are their very in depth looking scenes , including the ones of Finn and Jake trodding through the woods and LSP frantically traveling through a forest . Also , they continue to be the master of telling jokes without actually telling jokes . There are plenty of sight gags within this episode that are so easy to miss if you simply blink .
What this episode really comes down to though , is a good chunk of it being Pendleton Ward talking in their LSP voice for nearly five straight minutes . Lumpy Space Princess 's valley girl accent is worth a laugh if it 's used very sparingly , but hearing it for almost an entire episode is really grating . When it comes down to it , their situation with the wolves just is n't that funny to me either . I enjoy watching them pretending to speak as the wolves , but aside from that , I ca n't think of anything else that really even got a chuckle out of me . It 's classic LSP reading too far into drama , but nothing we have n't seen before and just really drags on and slows down the general pacing of the episode a lot .
In addition , the conflict of the episode really is n't that compelling at all . I do n't really care if Lumpy Space Princess moves back into their house with their parents , which is even completely retconned later on . Why would they even include this somewhat emotional reunion if LSP just ends up choosing to be homeless in later episodes ? It 's a resolution that I really have no reason to care about , and Finn and Jake being chucked to the sidelines only weakens the episode 's chance of succeeding .
The only other noteworthy aspect is that Lumpy Space King and Lumpy Space Queen 's design was revamped in this episode . I admittedly sort of liked the more grotesque and detailed design from the first two seasons , but Pen Ward labeled it as “ too gross ” so they simplified it a bit . It somewhat feels a bit drastic of a change from what they looked like before , but it 's a cute redesign , so I really do n't mind that much .
Aside from that , there really is n't much else for me to discuss . It 's just slow moving LSP-centric episode that does n't do much to help develop or strengthen their character .
Favorite line : “ Yeah , we did n't really do that much . ”
Advertisements
RT Interview of NJP Editor-In-Chief Gilbert Mercier on French Elections
RT interview of News Junkie Post Editor-In-Chief Gilbert Mercier on the recent French Elections and what it means for the Eurozone and Austerity .
Mercier outlines how the dislike of Nicholas Sarkozy was the central reason for the ousting their ousting , but in a wider context , is a rejection of the austerity measures imposed by both Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . They go on to explain how this election represents a shift of power away from Germany .
RT inquires how much room François Hollande , the new PM from the Socialist Party has to maneuver . Mercier explains that there is some room , but a lot of the reforms hinge on the sustained enthusiasm .
RT asks if the Eurozone Fiscal Pact will be reviewed despite German opposition , bringing up a potential rift in relations . Mercier goes on to explain that Angela Merkel is going to have to put “ some water into the wine ” to deal with the anti-austerity measures being rejected everywhere in Europe .
Find me on Google
Twitter , other Internet firms accelerate censorship and dismantling of accounts | 16 Aug 2017 | Silicon Valley joined a swelling backlash against neo-Nazi groups [ and * others * Twitter and Google dislike ] in the United States on Wednesday as more technology companies removed white supremacists from their services in response to weekend violence in Charlottesville , Virginia . Social media networks Twitter Inc and LinkedIn , music service Spotify Ltd and security firm Cloudflare Inc were among the companies cutting off services to hate groups or removing material that they said spread hate [ or views which the Deep State dislikes ] . Earlier in the week , Facebook Inc [ FaCIAbook ] , Alphabet Inc [ NSA best bud , Google , which routinely relegates the CLG Newsletter to the spam bin ] and GoDaddy Inc also took steps to block hate groups [ and * others * ] .
We explain what can happen after a bird strike
A JET airliner suffered severe damage to its nose just metres from the pilot 's cockpit after striking a flock of birds head on .
Pictures have emerged showing the crumpled nose of a Boeing 737 following the dramatic midair impact yesterday .
The Badr Airlines flight J4341 had just taken off from Ad Damazin , in southeast Sudan , to Khartoum International Airport , in the capital of Sudan .
But amazingly the pilot managed to land safely despite the fact the front of their plane was smashed in .
Photographs taken afterwards show the birds ' carcasses inside the plane .
Just a couple of weeks ago , a British Airways flight was forced to return to Heathrow after suffering suspected engine failure with an onlooker reporting flames coming from an engine after a reported bird strike .
The Boeing 777 turned back minutes after taking off from the West London Airport .
And a packed Japan Airlines plane bound for New York also narrowly avoided disaster recently after hitting a bird shortly after takeoff .
Shocking images showed the left engine engulfed in flames as the plane left the runway .
Occurrences involving aircraft striking wildlife , particularly birds , are the most common aviation occurrence reported to the Australian Transport Safety Bureau ( ATSB ) .
Between 2006 and 2015 , there were 16,069 birdstrikes reported to the ATSB , most of which involved high capacity air transport aircraft , which includes commercial flights .
This article originally appeared in The Sun with some additional reporting from news.com.au .
Oregon Militia Highlights The Stealing Of Indigenous Lands
Above Photo : Ammon Bundy ( right ) , leader of an armed , anti-government militia , speaks to the media while occupying Native American land , Jan. 4 , 2016 . AFP
The armed militia occupation of Native land in Oregon reveals the living history of genocide and land theft against Native Americans .
When Ammon Bundy , son of Cliven Bundy , the Nevada rancher who led an armed standoff against the U.S. Bureau of Land Management in 2014 , charged into the Malseur Wildlife Refuge near Burns , Oregon , they said they were going to return the land from an overreaching federal government to its “ original owners ” they were not thinking of the Burns Paiute Tribe .
And they have since admitted they know very little about them .
When they charged into town proclaiming they were “ getting ranchers back to ranching , getting the loggers back to logging , getting the miners back to mining ” the “ original owners ” they were thinking about ? Without a doubt they were European Americans like himself .
But in fact , it is the Burns Paiute Tribe and other Northern Paiute tribes who are the “ original owners ” and possess the strongest legal claim to the land , particularly to the wildlife refuge which was once part of their former Malseur Indian Reservation . A 1.78 million acre reservation that was later opened to white settlement after the Paiute and another tribe , the Bannock , facing starvation rose up against settler depredations .
These Are n't the First Armed Whites to Take Over That Oregon Land : Just Ask the Native Paiute People https : //t.co/GaEnLRmW8T — OccuWorld ( @ OccuWorld ) January 5 , 2016
Exactly 173 years ago this month , knee deep in snow , 500 Paiutes were force-marched , shackled in twos , some 350 miles northward to the Yakama Indian Reservation in Washington state . I imagine Bundy had no idea that their takeover was effectively commemorating this tragedy . In a press conference Wednesday , Burns Paiute Tribal chairperson Charlotte Roderique had stern words for Bundy : “ We do n't want people who have no interests at all ramrodding themselves into the discussion . I understand Mr. Bundy is going back to Las Vegas . They can give back land to the Paiute there . For those who do n't know , our tribe ranged all over Nevada , Utah and California and Southwestern Idaho . We are all interrelated . We all speak the same language , some variation in dialect but we can understand each other . I think it is important that these people know they are not just affecting the Burns Paiute. ” Indeed , both the Malseur Wildlife Refuge in Oregon and the land that the Bundy 's have been illegally grazing cattle on were never ceded by treaty to the United States . The Northern Paiute signed a treaty with the United States government in 1868 , but it was never ratified by Congress . The treaty process represents the U.S. government 's recognition of the pre-existing sovereignty of the tribes over the lands they wished to acquire . Under international law , a sovereign nation can not treaty away its existence so , the implication that signing a treaty extinguished the sovereignty of any tribe in the United States is a false one . Tribes are still sovereign . It is only the exercise of that sovereignty that is limited by the power of the U.S government . After the Paiutes “ Trail of Tears , ” some tribal members did find their way back to Burns , Oregon . However , they were landless and considered outlaws . They lived on the edges of town working for the white ranchers who had taken their land . Finally , in 1928 , the Egan Land Company gave them 10 acres of land just outside the city of Burns . It was the old city dump which the tribal members cleaned and drilled a well , and built houses on .
“ We were n't removed , we were killed and ran off our land. ” – Jarvis Kennedy , Tribal Councilmen , Burns Paiute Tribe https : //t.co/9wVwMQ5mPF — Mason Report™ ( @ TheMasonReport ) January 7 , 2016
In 1969 the United States finally compensated the tribe for the land taken . Tribal members were paid at 1890 prices : .28 to .45 cents per acre .
Chairperson Roderique said at the press conference , “ The one thing I 'm really proud of is the tenacity of our people . Four hundred-twenty people are descendants of people who were able to get back here from Yakama . ”
Today , the tribe has regained federal recognition and has 420 members . Their population before the U.S. army declared war on them in the late 1860 's was 2,000 . They have still not recovered in numbers , but the tribe oversees over 12,000 acres and 1,000 is held in trust .
Some 11,000 acres are owned by tribal members but ownership is so fractionated that Roderique notes , “ It 's hard to develop or do anything with the land when you have to get permission from 58 other people . Those lands are pretty much in limbo and are administered by the Bureau of Indian Affairs . ”
Asked about the Burns Paiutes , Bundy said , “ They have rights as well . I would like to see them be free from the federal government as well . They 're controlled and regulated by the federal government very tightly and I think they have a right to be free like everybody else . ”
Roderick responded humorously saying they are , “ trying to compose a letter for when they return all this land to us . ”
The fact that many Americans like Bundy are completely unaware of the existence and sovereignty of tribes , even on lands they themselves live , is the result of a long history of clouding Native American peoples ' very real political status as sovereign nations . They are nations which have a status higher than states , and certainly than the county Bundy wishes to restore the land to . Also , states outside of the original 13 colonies have no pre-existing sovereignty to the federal government over any of their landbase . Only tribes do .
The U.S. likes to disingenuously hold itself as an arbiter of fairness internationally , even while long pursuing a policy of denigrating Native American title to their lands , if not outright stealing it , domestically . Under U.S . Constitutional law , a papal bull written in 1454 by Pope Nicholas V which holds that only “ discovering , Christian nations ” can have title to the land is still the law of the land . It is called the Doctrine of Discovery and was cited as recently as 2005 by the U.S. Supreme Court in City of Sherrill , NY v. Oneida Nation , “ Under the ‘ doctrine of discovery ' … fee title ( ownership ) to the lands occupied by Indians when the colonists arrived became vested in the sovereign-first the discovering European nation and later the original states and the United States . ”
The Empire Files : Native American Genocide with Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz https : //t.co/FygELeRgGf — # LearnYourCulture ( @ marthauprise ) January 1 , 2016
The United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues has rightly called the Doctrine of Discovery “ the foundation of the violation of their ( Indigenous people ) human rights . ”
Until the U.S. renounces this doctrine and more Americans fully comprehend the weak , legal claims they actually have to the land they live on under international law , white men like Bundy will continue in their folly , their ignorance and perpetuating injustices against the Native American nations that persist all around them despite genocide .
There are now 566 federally recognized tribes . Scratch the surface of any land issue in the United States and you will find the original owners – and they wo n't be from Europe .
What would Jesus do ? Probably not rob a bank .
A unemployed Lakeland man faces a five-year prison sentence and a fine of up to $ 250,000 after making a $ 7 billion fraudulent wire transfer because Jesus Christ chose them to be wealthy , according to court documents .
John Haskew 's excuse earned them several eye rolls from law enforcement authorities in Lakeland , Florida , who arrested them in early December .
`` [ Haskew stated ] that Jesus Christ created wealth for everyone . Using this scheme , Haskew believed that they could obtain the wealth that Jesus Christ created for them and that belonged to him , '' according to court documents .
They entered a guilty plea on Thursday to one charge of making a false or fraudulent statement to a department or agency of the United States . Haskew now faces five years in prison .
Haskew told police that they were `` self-taught on the banking industry '' and was able to learn how to make fraudulent wire transfers through experimentation .
SEE ALSO : Woman gets arrested after claiming Jesus will pay their seafood buffet bill
When Haskew was asked why they continued to make more wire transfers , they told investigators they believed that they deserved the money .
They transferred the large amount of cash from an unidentified `` large , nationally renowned financial institution , '' classified as `` Bank A '' in the complaint , to an unnamed account .
More from :
Shatterproof glass sends would-be thieves packing
Father who drowned their infant son sentenced to 38 years in prison
Russian spies charged with treason in case 'involving ' the US
( NaturalNews ) The American Association for Cancer Research ( AACR ) has announced the launch of the world 's first peer-reviewed scientific journal dedicated solely to the topic of cancer prevention.is already accepting submissions for online publication starting in March , with regular monthly print issues to begin circulating in June.The AACR is both the oldest and largest cancer research organization in the world . In addition to the new , the association also publishes five other peer-reviewed journals : ; and . The association also publishes , a magazine where cancer patients , survivors , and their physicians , families and friends can share information on cancer research and advocacy.In addition to disseminating research through its journal , the AACR also hosts an annual conference on Frontiers in Cancer Prevention Research . At the most recent conference in Philadelphia , researchers prevented groundbreaking studies into the cancer-preventive effects of green tea , berry and olive leaf extracts.With the new journal , the AACR hopes to unify many different kinds of cancer prevention research into one publication . `` In the past , scientists and interested readers have had to parse cancer prevention articles from many other journals , unable to find the full range of prevention research and opinion in one resource , '' said Scott M. Lippman , editor-in-chief of the new journal . `` The richness and scope of our field now parallel those of mainstream oncology and require this new , centralized home for the wide-ranging literature that supports prevention discovery . `` The journal will publish articles in four main categories . Oncogenesis studies will examine the development of cancer on a cellular level ; intervention studies will examine both natural and pharmaceutical methods of preventing the development of cancer ; while risk assessment and early detection articles will report on research to help in identifying at-risk populations for targeted cancer prevention
Tube driver Eamonn Lynch has won their employment tribunal case for unfair dismissal on the grounds of trade union activities . Eamonn Lynch 's is one of two unfair dismissal cases that sparked this weeks announcement of ten days of tube strike action by the RMT .
RMT General Secretary Bob Crow said ;
`` We welcome Eamonn 's victory in the tribunal and we are calling for an immediate meeting with London Underground in the light of the ruling that they were unfairly dismissed for their trade union activities .
`` With the clear parallel with Arywn Thomas 's case there is now an urgent need for London Underground to meet with the RMT to set out a plan for a return to work that can avoid plunging London in to two blocks of strike action that everyone knows will lead to massive disruption .
`` The tribunal has found in favour of the RMT , justice has been done and now we need to meet with the company to finalise arrangements that can enable us to move forwards as quickly as possible . ''
Tell Boris Johnson to reinstate the two sacked reps
Tell Boris Johnson what you think by sending off a message in this LabourStart campaign .
Marco Rubio Did Not Win the Iowa Caucuses
Jess Coleman Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 2 , 2016
What are the lessons of Iowa ? It depends on who you ask . But let 's talk about Marco Rubio , the third place finisher who many are considering the biggest winner out of last night 's caucuses . In fact , one prediction market had Rubio 's chances of winning the nomination sky-rocket 18 % after the results were released last night .
But here 's the problem : They came in third . And third place is only a victory if you were expecting much worse . And if you were expecting much worse then it 's hard to see how suddenly you are the favorite .
If anything highlights the illusionary Rubio-victory story , it 's their speech last night :
“ So , this is the moment they said would never happen . For months , for months they told us we had no chance . For months they told us because offered too much optimism in a time of anger we had no chance . For months , they told us because we did n't have the right endorsements or the right political connections , we had no chance . They told me we had no chance because my hair was n't gray enough and my boots were too high . They told me I needed to wait my turn . ”
It sounds good , but the issue is that none of it is true . Rubio was the favorite . They did have the political connections . They did have the establishment support . This was their turn .
The only reason their third place finish resonated is because all of those advantages crumbled . Donald Trump and Ted Cruz were winning every poll , standing center stage at every debate , and proving to everyone that the Republican electorate was unhappy with an establishment candidate like Rubio or Jeb Bush .
So does Iowa change that ? It 's hard to see how it does . Trump may have performed below expectations , but their anti-establishment , equally apocalyptic sidekick , Ted Cruz , performed above expectations . It 's all a matter of where you set your frame of reference , but the only way you can slice this as a victory for Rubio is if you believed they never really had a chance in the first place .
Indeed , the forces that “ decide ” the winners — the media , the establishment , the talking heads — are all the same people who were proven wrong by Trump and Cruz in the first place . In their view , Rubio won because they were supposed to win , and their rise in the polls is evidence that we overrated the anti-establishment choices , and that conventional wisdom was right .
The New York Times columnist David Brooks , for example , wrote this morning that “ in Iowa on Monday night we saw the limit of Trump 's appeal . Like any other piece of showbiz theatrics , Trump was more spectacle than substance. ” But how does a second place finish add up to a lack of substance , especially in a context where the third place finisher , Rubio , earned “ his moment ” ?
Expectations matter , but beating expectations does n't change reality , and the reality is that Rubio is still a major underdog . As David Frum notes in The Atlantic , Rubio may now be better positioned to win the nomination , but a lot of unlikely events––including a very strong showing in New Hampshire and the quiet , timely exit of many candidates––need to happen in order to get there .
That is not to say it can not happen ; Indeed , making predictions in this election is consistently proven to be a dumb idea . But if Iowa did anything for Rubio , it just kept their head above water . And for an establishment candidate who was supposed to be the frontrunner––with money , endorsements , and the prediction markets behind him––that is far from a victory .
The allegation that the Silk Road 's Dread Pirate Roberts attempted to pay for six murders has loomed over the story of that massive online drug market . How could the pseudonymous figure preaching non-violent , libertarian ideals stoop to commissioning the paid killings of half a dozen people ?
Now a newly revealed chat log from the case sheds light on how the first of those paid murder attempts appears to have arisen . The logs show it was not the creator of the Silk Road who first suggested enlisting the services of a hit man , but rather their top advisor and mentor .
Earlier this week , a trove of new records from the Silk Road pre-trial hearings was unsealed , including logs of January 2013 instant-message conversations that prosecutors say were pulled from the laptop of Ross Ulbricht at the time of their arrest . In February , Ulbricht was convicted of being the Dread Pirate Roberts , Silk Road 's creator and owner . But the recorded conversations , along with the other sealed documents , had been kept secret throughout Ulbricht 's trial earlier this year to avoid compromising an investigation that led to the arrest Monday of two federal agents on corruption charges .
In the 21-page IM chat log , which occurred over the anonymous IM service Torchat , the Silk Road 's Dread Pirate Roberts carries out conversations with their staffer Inigo , a supposed drug-dealing associate named Nob ( who we now know was actually undercover DEA agent Carl Force ) , and a figure named Cimon , also known as Variety Jones , whom Ulbricht had described in their journal as their `` mentor '' and advisor . The conversations revolve around $ 350,000 worth of bitcoin that had been stolen from the Silk Road , which Dread Pirate Roberts and Inigo believed had been taken by Silk Road staffer Curtis Clark Green . ( In fact , it seems the bitcoins had been allegedly stolen by rogue Secret Service agent Shaun Bridges , using Green 's account—one of the criminal charges for which Bridges was arrested Monday . )
As they 're presented by the prosecution , the chat logs seem to show for the first time how the Dread Pirate Roberts is persuaded to commission Green 's murder . And he 's convinced not by a federal agent seeking to entrap them in the act , but by Cimon , their own trusted mentor and advisor . That initial step into the use of violence to protect their interests and the Silk Road would eventually lead Roberts to pay for five more murders .
“ Cimon : I know a guy , and they know a guy who knows a guy , that gets things done . ”
( A quick side note : In the chat logs below , I 've identified the Silk Road 's boss as the Dread Pirate Roberts . Though Ulbricht was convicted in February of being the Silk Road 's creator and leader , they were never charged with murder , and these logs were never presented at trial . Ulbricht 's defense attorney Joshua Dratel has said he 's still seeking a new trial for their client , in part due to the new corruption charges brought against the two federal agents investigating the Silk Road . `` Our position , as it has always been , is that Ross is not DPR who is participating in those chats , '' Dratel tells WIRED . )
The chain of conversations that leads to the attempted murder of Green begins when Inigo alerts the Dread Pirate Roberts to the Silk Road 's massive bitcoin theft . Roberts responds that he 's `` sick to their stomach . ''
`` This will be the first time I have had to call on my muscle , '' they add . `` fucking sucks . ''
Later the same day , Roberts chats with Nob , who they believe to be a high-volume drug dealer who can help provide that `` muscle '' to find Green and recover the bitcoins . Roberts , after all , kept a copy of all their employees ' actual IDs to prevent the sort of betrayal they believed Green had committed , so they know Green 's Utah address .
But in that conversation with Nob , it 's clear Roberts has no intention of killing Green , or even beating them up if it can be avoided .
Nob : do you want them beat up . shot , just paid a visit ?
Roberts : I 'd like them beat up , then forced to send the bitcoins they stole back . like to sit them down at their computer and make them do it
Roberts : beat up only if they do n't comply I guess
Roberts : not sure how these things usually go
Only later , when Roberts checks in with their advisor Cimon , does the question of murder arise . As Roberts explains how Green might have stolen the funds , Cimon interrupts . `` Enough about the theft , '' they say . `` Tell me about the organ donor . ''
A few minutes later , they bring up the idea of killing more explicitly . `` As a side note , at what point in time do we decide we 've had enough of someones shit , and terminate them ? '' Cimon writes . `` Like , does impersonating a vendor to rip off a mid-level drug lord , using our rep and system ; follows up by stealing from our vendors and clients and breeding fear and mistrust , does that come close in yer opinion ? ''
`` Terminate ? '' Roberts asks tentatively . `` Execute ? ''
As the conversation continues , Roberts seems to become more convinced that murder is a real option . Cimon seems to imply that simply beating up Green might lead them to talk to the police .
Roberts : if this was the wild west , and it kinda is , you 'd get hung just for stealing a horse
Cimon : Yeah , pretty much . At what point in time is that the response . We 're playing with big money with serious people , and that 's the world they live in .
Cimon : I sure as fuck do n't want nob to try it , fuck up , and then have our laundry aired .
Roberts : unfortunately , there is n't much inbetween
Cimon : I know a guy , and they know a guy who knows a guy , that gets things done .
Roberts : in a perfect world , we 'd get the money back , plus our expenses and maybe beat them up or something
Roberts : but that 's not realistic
Cimon : Nope . And it ai n't the money , fuck , it 's your fault , no one elses . Someday I 'll tell you a long story from a guy who explained to me why situations like this are always yer own fault .
Roberts : so yea , it 's a good quesiton I 've been thinking about the last 24 hours
...
Cimon : But they came at us from inside , put many folks at risk , and facing a serious felony he 's def the kind of guy that would seel what little they know for a break with the Feebs
About three minutes later , Cimon messages Roberts again :
Cimon : So , you 've had your time to think . You 're sitting in the big chair , and you need to make a decision . Now , really , things could move fast in the future .
Roberts : I would have no problem wasting this guy
Cimon : Well ok then , I 'll take care of it .
Less than half an hour later , Cimon messages Roberts one more time , as if to make sure they are n't about to change their mind . `` You would have surprised me if you had balked at taking the step , of bluntly , killing Curtis for fucking up just a wee bit too badly . Also , if you had balked , I would have seriously re-considered our relationship , '' Cimon writes . `` We 're playing for keeps , this just drives it home . I 'm perfectly comfortable with the decision , and I 'll sleep like a lamb tonight , and every night hereafter . ''
“ You 're sitting in the big chair , and you need to make a decision . ”
In the end , Cimon does n't `` take care of it . '' Instead , Roberts themselves approaches Nob , who is actually an undercover DEA agent , to kill Green for an $ 80,000 payment . `` It is , [ what I want ] after i had a chance to think on it , '' Roberts writes to Nob . `` Never killed a man or had one killed before , but it is the right move in this case . ''
As a result of that decision , the Baltimore task force investigating Silk Road faked Green 's death , sending Roberts a spoofed photo of the body . Eventually Roberts would pay to have five more people murdered , including a potential blackmailer , a scammer and their three housemates . None of those murders , it 's important to note , seem to have ever taken place . Instead , the five attempted murders-for-hire following the DEA 's sting all appear to have been undertaken by a con artist who merely bilked Roberts out of hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin .
Since their conviction last month , Ross Ulbricht awaits sentencing in May for seven felonies related to their creation and control of the Silk Road . Meanwhile , the mysterious figure known as Cimon or Variety Jones remains at large . The full extent of their participation or partnership in the Silk Road is n't clear , although it 's known that they helped Ulbricht deal with the Silk Road 's finances , coding , security , administration , and even invented the `` Dread Pirate Roberts '' nickname . These latest chat logs add another , darker role for Roberts ' consigliere : the initial inspiration for the Silk Road 's acceptance of violence .
Read the full chat logs in the unsealed filings from Ulbricht 's case below . They begin on page 31 .
Ulbricht post-trial unsealed filings
Britain and Iran have agreed to exchange diplomats and begin talks aimed at further improving relations , officials from both countries confirmed on Tuesday .
British Foreign Secretary William Hague said that they and their Iranian counterpart , Javad Zarif , had agreed to appoint non-resident charge d'affaires offices which would discuss the eventual reopening of the British embassy in Iran and the Iranian one in Britain .
Iran 's foreign ministry confirmed on Tuesday the diplomatic thaw . `` Pursuant to a decision by the Iranian parliament , it was agreed that from today the two countries have a relationship at the level of non-resident charges d'affaires , '' the ISNA news agency quoted foreign ministry spokesperson Marzieh Afkham as saying .
The British embassy in Tehran was closed in late 2011 after a mob overran the building as tensions over a possible attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities ran high . Iran also closed its embassy in London .
Relations have remained tense since then , but the recent election of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has raised hopes of a thaw between Iran and the West , and of a possible nuclear deal .
'More positive way '
Hague told lawmakers the coming months `` may be unusually significant '' in British-Iranian relations . `` It is clear that the new president and ministers in Iran are presenting themselves and their country in a much more positive way than in the recent past . There is no doubt that the tone of the meetings with them is different , '' they told the House of Commons .
But they still expressed caution , saying it was critical for Iran 's warmer tone `` to be accompanied by concrete actions and viable approach to negotiations . ''
Iran and Western powers have been arguing for years about Iran 's nuclear energy programme .
Iran insists its nuclear facilities are being used for peaceful purposes , but the United States , Europe and Israel call them a cover for the clandestine development of nuclear weapons .
The US and Europe have imposed difficult sanctions on Iran over the programme .
Natural world in danger of collapse
The number of wild animals living on Earth is set to fall by two-thirds by 2020 , according to a new report , part of a mass extinction that is destroying the natural world upon which humanity depends . The Living Planet Index , compiled by researchers from WWF and the Zoological Society of London , shows that vertebrate populations are set to decline by 67 % from 1970 levels unless urgent action is taken to reduce humanity 's impact . The collapse of wildlife is , with climate change , the most striking sign of the Anthropocene , a proposed new geological era in which humans dominate the planet . Marco Lambertini , director general of WWF , said : “ Lose biodiversity and the natural world and the life support systems , as we know them today , will collapse . ”
World on track to lose two-thirds of wild animals by 2020 , major report warns
Trump reignites feud with Khizr Khan
Donald Trump took time out of this campaign to unveil a new Trump hotel in Washington and , almost simultaneously , reignited their feud with Khizr Khan , father of slain Iraq veteran Captain Humayun Khan , when they said the soldier would still be alive if they had been president because they would not have invaded Iraq . Khizr Khan , who is currently touring Virginia on Hillary Clinton 's behalf , called Trump 's comments “ the most cruel thing you can say ” . “ There 's no sincerity in those remarks , ” Khan continued . “ He utters these words totally oblivious to the understanding of where we are , where we stand , what our values are , and how to be empathetic. ” Clinton and Michelle Obama will campaign together for the first time today , in North Carolina . Meanwhile , the citizens of Muncie , Indiana , explain why Trump speaks to them .
Khizr Khan : I would stand up to Trump ‘ again and again and again '
Why vote for those losers ?
For the first time there are as many millennials eligible to vote in the US election as there are baby boomers , and nearly half of them might vote for a third-party candidate . Others are planning to skip participation in the process altogether . We travel to Tucson , Arizona , to explore why large numbers of young people appear poised to sit out the election or vote for either the Libertarian , Gary Johnson , who yesterday lost their temper in an argument over their tax policy proposals , or Jill Stein of the Green party .
America 's longest war but ignored by Clinton and Trump
With all eyes focused on Iraq , Syria and Russia 's military buildup in the Middle East , the sharply deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan has been all but ignored by Clinton and Trump . Fifteen years in , Afghanistan is now America 's longest war . More than 2,300 US troops have died there , and the conflict has cost an estimated $ 686bn . But as this week 's killing of 30 villagers in Ghor province showed , Afghanistan has a way of forcing itself into the political headlights .
Afghanistan is the dirty little secret of the US presidential campaign
Microsoft targets creative professionals with Surface Studio
Microsoft is getting artsy . The tech giant unveiled its new $ 3,000 Surface Studio computer for artists and designers on Tuesday in Manhattan . The new tools include a smartphone app that allows users to scan 3D images of everyday objects and move them around in virtual or “ mixed ” reality . “ Much of technology has been slanted toward consumption , ” said Microsoft 's CEO , Satya Nadella . “ I believe that the next 25 years will be defined by technology that enables profound creation . ”
Microsoft unveils Surface Studio in bid for creative professionals
The spy who could n't spell
The idea of committing espionage began taking shape in Brian Regan 's mind through the early months of 1999 , after they had spent four years working at the National Reconnaissance Office ( NRO ) , the agency responsible for managing US spy satellites . They were feeling humiliated at work , their financial situation was getting worse and their marriage was deteriorating . They knew they are n't going to be promoted any time soon . In our Long Read , Yudhijit Bhattacharjee tells the story of the spy who could n't spell .
How the biggest heist in the history of US espionage was foiled
The fascinating story of Paul Beatty 's The Sellout
Paul Beatty is now the first American to win the UK 's Man Booker prize , but they very nearly was n't published in Britain at all . Their rumbustious , lyrically poetic novel was turned down , their agent confirms , by no fewer than 18 publishers . And then , finally , a small independent called Oneworld – founded by a husband-and-wife team in 1986 – took it up .
Turned down 18 times . Then Paul Beatty won the Booker …
No clowns allowed
Clowns are officially too scary for Halloween . School districts , counties and spooky festivals across the country are banning clown costumes this year , after a summer of national hysteria over “ killer clowns ” and soaring sales of evil clown masks .
Scariest Halloween costume of 2016 faces bans across US
In case you missed it …
As we near the end of an epic , 18-month election cycle , Lucia Graves argues that while a short US election cycle sounds great , it would n't be good for democracy – notwithstanding Sheryl Crow 's Change.org petition . “ Reducing the amount of time we have to learn about the people running for the most powerful job in the world , particularly when so much of what comes out of their mouths is disinformation , wo n't make it harder to fool the American public : it will make it infinitely easier . ”
A short US election cycle sounds great , but it would n't be good for democracy
TORONTO - The grossness notwithstanding , people would likely agree to undergo a fecal transplant if they were suffering from persistent C. difficile diarrhea , a new study suggests .
The study found that though people felt the whole process was highly off-putting , most would opt for the procedure if they needed it , especially if it was recommended by their doctor .
While the study is small , it suggests the rationale behind some doctors 's refusal to perform fecal transplants — they say patients would n't undergo the procedure — is unfounded , says the lead author , Dr. Jonathan Zipursky .
`` That was initially what the theory was in the literature , that patients would n't be willing to accept this because of the yuck factor , '' says Zipursky , a first-year resident in internal medicine at the University of Toronto .
`` But I think we 've shown pretty strongly that under the correct circumstances and with the right counselling and recommendations that patients definitely are willing to try this treatment for recurrent Clostridium difficile infection . ''
The study , which Zipursky did with fellow students while in medical school at Dartmouth College in Hanover , N.H. , was published this week in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases .
The procedures — also known by the name fecal microbiota transplantation — were first reported in the medical literature in the 1950s . But they have only started to take hold in recent years as a option for people suffering from persistent C. difficile diarrhea .
The idea behind the therapy is to restore the bacterial balance in the C. diff sufferer 's gastrointestinal tract using bacteria from a healthy gut . That comes in the form of feces from a healthy person .
The donor stool , which is diluted with saline to form a slurry , can be introduced into the gastric system by one of three ways . It can be dripped into the stomach by a tube snaked through a nostril and down the esophagus . It can be deposited into the lower bowel in a sort of reverse enema procedure . Or it can be pumped into the intestine using a scope such as the type used in colonoscopies .
The evidence to date suggests the procedure is highly effective . Upwards of 90 per cent of people suffering from C. difficile diarrhea are reportedly cured after fecal transplants . In many cases , a single time suffices .
But that estimate is based on case studies — reports from doctors who do the procedure on how it worked in a series of their patients . While the findings are persuasive , this kind of study is not the gold standard of evidence . That title is held by what is called a randomized controlled trial .
And so far there are no published randomized controlled trials of fecal transplants , though results of a European trial are expected soon . As well , U.S. health authorities recently approved a randomized clinical trial there .
Dr. Lawrence Brandt , of Montefiore Medical Center in Bronx , N.Y. , is co-head of that trial . Brandt has done more than 100 fecal transplants . They suggest in a commentary published with Zipursky 's study that these findings lob the ball back in to court of reluctant doctors .
Brandt says many of the patients they have treated seek them out in their desperation for a fecal transplant . They 're looking for a cure for a condition that 's far worse than the therapy itself , they say .
`` What had been the major stumbling block for many was the intransient negativism of their physicians who told them , uninfluenced by any of the positive reported data , that FMT was 'quackery , ' ' a joke , ' 'snake oil ' or other pithy alliterations that were discouraging and served to delay but not persuade these perseverant individuals , '' Brandt writes .
A group in Toronto is also trying to conduct a clinical trial , but has had trouble enrolling enough patients . The problem ? People who have recurrent C. difficile and who hear about the trial want the treatment . They do n't want to run the risk they will be randomly assigned to get the therapy fecal transplants are being compared to — another course of the antibiotics that have thus far failed to cure them .
What 's interesting about the study Zipursky and their co-authors conducted is that it did n't measure the acceptability of fecal transplants among C. difficile patients . Instead , they surveyed people who had no experience with the condition , people who have n't known the desperation that comes with recurrent C. diff .
In the first part of their questionnaire , respondents were presented with a scenario . They had C. difficile . Would they accept treatment with antibiotics ( with a 65 per cent chance of cure ) or antibiotics followed by a treatment called `` floral reconstitution '' ( with a 90 per cent cure rate ) ? There were no details about what floral reconstruction was .
Then respondents were presented with a second scenario , identical to the first but with a description of what floral reconstitution is and what it entails .
After reading the scenario 1 , 85 per cent of the respondents said they 'd agree to have floral reconstitution . After reading scenario 2 , 81 per cent still said they would have the procedure . The difference was n't statistically significant .
Most described the steps of the procedure as `` unappealing '' or `` gross '' , in the words of the survey . But not only did most say they would have the procedure if they needed it , 77 per cent said they would pay out of pocket for it .
Dr. Vivian Loo , a C. difficile expert from Montreal , notes the study was small . Only 192 participants completed the survey , 48 per cent of the total who were asked . The people who did n't complete the survey might have felt differently about the questions , so the participation rate could have skewed the findings , they warn .
Still , Loo believes that fecal transplants are a promising option , one that will be embraced with more frequency , and soon .
`` There is a certain expertise ( needed ) in its administration , but I think it will become more widely acceptable as we gain more experience with it , '' says Loo , who is chief of microbiology for the Montreal University Health Centre .
Loo does n't do fecal transplants herself , because of time constraints . But they refer patients who want them to a colleague in Montreal who does them .
`` There are n't many treatments that promise a 95 per cent cure rate . And the evidence that is there does seem to suggest it has a very high success rate . ''
Brandt too says they feel a shift in attitudes coming .
Zipursky and co-authors are in the process of analyzing data from a companion study they are doing , based on surveys on fecal transplants completed by U.S. doctors .
Comparing the patient and the doctor data will be interesting , they say . But they add it may take strong evidence from randomized controlled trials to persuade reluctant doctors to incorporate fecal transplants in their arsenal for C. difficile .
On May 4 , 2004 , David Reimer committed suicide in Winnipeg . Thirty-eight years old , they had been a slaughterhouse worker and an odd-job man . They had also been both a boy and a girl , thanks to one of the darker episodes in the history of pseudoscientific hubris .
Born Bruce Reimer in 1965 , David suffered a botched circumcision when they were eight months old . Most of their penis was burned off , and reconstructive surgery was too primitive at the time to restore it . Dr. John Money , a sexologist at Johns Hopkins University , persuaded Reimer 's parents to have their son completely castrated and raised as a girl .
This was not simply a matter of trying to make the best of a bad situation . Money had been a leading exponent of the theory that children were born psychosexually neutral and could be assigned to either gender in the first years of their life . They had retreated somewhat from the most radical statement of this thesis , but stood by the central contention that when it came to sexual identity , nurture trumped nature . Bruce—now named Brenda—was an ideal test case . Along with everything else , they were an identical twin ; so as an object of study , they came bundled with a built-in control .
Money trumpeted the results in their 1972 book Man & Woman , Boy & Girl , written with the psychiatrist Anke A. Ehrhardt ; a more popularized account appeared in Sexual Signatures ( 1976 ) , written with the reporter Patricia Tucker . By Money 's account , Bruce/Brenda moved easily into their new identity . They soon `` was observed to have a clear preference for dresses over slacks and to take pride in their long hair , '' they wrote in Man & Woman . They `` was much neater than their brother , and in contrast with him , disliked being dirty . '' Though it `` needed perhaps more training than usual , '' they usually urinated sitting down , and when they did attempt to stand they were simply `` copying their brother . '' They took to housework and to helping their mother in the kitchen , while their brother `` could not care less about it . '' Them taste in toys ran to dolls , and despite some `` tomboyish traits '' they clearly are adapting to life as a girl .
Scientists with a less enthusiastic view of infant sex reassignment , Money added , had been `` instrumental in wrecking the lives of unknown numbers of hermaphroditic youngsters . ''
For two decades this remained the accepted view of what happened . It helped influence many parents—approximately one or two for every 1,000 births , according to a 2000 paper in the American Journal of Human Biology—to opt for `` corrective '' sexual reassignment of their babies : not just hermaphrodites and victims of accidents like Reimer 's , but boys born with abnormally small genitals . But then Dr. Milton Diamond , a longtime critic of Money 's theories , reconstructed what had actually happened , co-authoring a paper on the case that was published in the March 1997 Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine . Several follow-up stories appeared in the press , notably John Colapinto 's excellent account in Rolling Stone ; after Reimer agreed to make their identity public , Colapinto expanded the article into an engrossing book , As Nature Made Him ( 2000 ) . Now that the patient was able to speak for himself , a very different story was on display :
• Brenda Reimer resisted being classified as a girl from the beginning . The first time they wore a dress , they tried to rip it off . They preferred their brother 's toys to their own . ( A toy sewing machine was untouched , Colapinto writes , `` until the day when Brenda , who loved to take things apart to see how they worked , sneaked a screwdriver from their dad 's tool kit and dismantled the toy . '' ) They got into fights , insisted on peeing standing up , and ran into terrible problems at school , where the other kids quickly recognized them as someone who did n't fit the ordinary sexual categories . By the time they were 10 , they were declaring that they wanted to grow up to marry a woman , not a man .
• Money 's meetings with Brenda were a darkly comic study in how a scientist could refuse to see the evidence they did n't want to see , and how a subject can gradually learn to respond to their cues . Worse , their efforts to make them conform to their expectations were coercive and abusive . Them refusal to receive vaginal surgeries—her penis was gone , but their doctors had not yet put a vagina in its place—was met not with an effort to understand their stance but with a series of attempts to manipulate them into agreeing to the procedures . ( She succeeded in avoiding the surgery but was compelled to take estrogen pills , though they flushed them when they could . ) Also disturbing was Money 's belief that Brenda , in Colapinto 's words , `` must understand at a very early age the differences between male and female sex organs . '' Not an objectionable idea in itself , except that Money accomplished it by showing Brenda and their brother pictures of adults having sex and by forcing them to disrobe and examine each other 's genitals . Worst of all , they allegedly insisted , starting when the twins were six , that they `` play at thrusting movements and copulation '' —more bluntly , that they pretend to have sex in various positions while they watched . ( This last detail has been disputed . )
• Finally , when Brenda Reimer learned the truth about herself , at age 14 , they decided to start living their life as a boy . They had their estrogen-created breasts removed , took testosterone injections , changed their name to David , and eventually had surgery to create a penis . In 1990 David married . The allegedly successful transformation of a boy baby into a girl was in fact a complete failure .
For much of their career , Money 's admirers saw them as a bold pioneer fighting puritanical reactionaries . This was their self-image as well . They touted themselves as a defender of sexual liberation : for the rights of gays and other sexual minorities , for legalized pornography , for breaking down social taboos . But this seemingly libertarian attitude obscured an authoritarian core . When the truth about the Reimer case was exposed , the sexologist suddenly seemed much more repressive than the conservatives they hated .
Not that they acknowledged this . They told Colapinto that the press 's embrace of Diamond 's exposé was a product of right-wing media bias and `` the antifeminist movement , '' insisting that `` they say masculinity and femininity are built into the genes so women should get back to the mattress and the kitchen . '' By this time , though , their critics were emerging not just from the right but from the community of open intersexuals—people born with mixed or indeterminate gender . It turned out they do n't like to be coerced by social engineers any more than they like to be coerced by the party of rigid sex roles .
It 's the Intersex Society of North America that 's leading the charge against the procedures Money championed , calling for `` a model of care that is patient-centered , rather than concealment-centered . '' What this means in practice is summed up by a series of humane principles listed on the front page of the society 's website , among them `` Intersexuality is basically a problem of stigma and trauma , not gender , '' `` Parents ' distress must not be treated by surgery on the child , '' and `` Honest , complete disclosure is good medicine . '' It 's significant that groups like the Intersex Society focus their attention not on the scientific debate over the roots of gender identification , but on the proper way to treat those people who have landed in their position . It 's interesting to compare and contrast the battles they 're fighting with the battles being fought by transsexuals . One group is often cited by those who favor the nature side of the nature/nurture debate , while the other is embraced by the nurturists ; one group wants to stop involuntary surgeries , and the other wants fewer barriers to voluntary surgeries . But both are essentially asking that they be allowed to decide how to live their lives ; both want final say on what is done to their own bodies . That basic respect for the individual is what 's missing from people like Money , who preach liberation but practice something much less attractive .
And David Reimer ? I of course do n't know what went through their mind when they decided to end their lives . They had just lost their job , a big investment had failed , their marriage had split up , and their twin brother had died not long before , depressing events all . But surely the `` therapeutic '' abuse they had suffered was a factor in their death . It figured heavily , after all , in almost everything else that happened in their life .
BP said Tuesday that it plans to cut its U.S. tax bill by $ 9.9 billion , or about half the amount pledged to aid victims of the disaster , by deducting costs related to the oil spill .
A portion of that could be refunded from taxes BP paid in earlier years .
The company disclosed its intentions as part of its second-quarter earnings report , in which it said it would record a $ 32.2 billion charge to reflect the costs of the spill .
Under U.S. corporate tax law , companies can take credits on up to 35 percent of their losses .
The credit for BP could mean , however , that taxpayers will indirectly foot part of the bill for the $ 20 billion fund that BP established to compensate people and businesses harmed by the disaster .
On Tuesday , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said U.S. taxpayers would not be responsible for the cost of the spill . When asked whether BP should be claiming a credit , Gibbs said , `` I do n't think anybody would prefer that they do that . ''
Gibbs would not say whether the president would press BP on the tax deduction . They said , though , that `` there are tax laws in this country that have been written for quite some time . ''
Lawmakers called for BP to renounce any claim for a refund . `` I call on BP to show , for once , a glimmer of humanity in this situation and halt its claim for this tax break immediately , '' said Rep. Eliot L. Engel ( D-N.Y. ) .
Policymakers crafted the tax code this way so that companies can spread their profits and losses over more than just one calendar year . Let 's say a company makes $ 100 billion one year and pays the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35 percent , or $ 35 billion . The next year , the economy goes south , and the company loses $ 100 billion . Over those two years , the company made nothing but still paid $ 35 billion in taxes .
From the tax code 's perspective , the company overpaid in previous years . To rectify this , companies can claim a credit , also at the 35 percent rate . Companies can seek a refund for taxes paid from the previous two years or , if there 's money leftover , carry the credit forward up to 20 years .
`` What they 're trying to do is take the arbitrariness of what you did this particular year over the life of the company , or over a long period of the life of the company , '' said Douglas Shackelford , a tax professor at the University of North Carolina .
It 's how a company such as General Electric , which reported $ 408 million in losses at its U.S. operations last year , not only paid nothing in U.S. corporate income taxes last year but also received a refund .
Robert Willens , a corporate tax expert , said it 's unlikely that BP will give up its tax credit , even if faced with public opposition . The company voluntarily established the $ 20 billion escrow account for victims of the spill and never promised the government that it would not seek any deductions associated with the spill , they said .
This month , Goldman Sachs promised not to ask for tax credits associated with the $ 535 million it paid in penalties to the Securities and Exchange Commission to settle a fraud charge . But as Willens says , that was specifically negotiated in Goldman 's agreement with the SEC .
`` The cost associated with the cleanup and the damage and all that -- that 's just another cost of doing business from the tax perspective , '' Shackelford said . `` It 's viewed no different from paying salaries or other costs they might incur . ''
3/8 Editor 's Note : This offer is so hot we 're going to have to end it early ! Get to a T-Mobile store by Thursday , March 9 to take advantage of this screaming deal .
Bellevue , Washington — March 3 , 2017 — Now is the time to join up with the Un-carrier and gear up with a new iPhone 7 . Starting today , anyone who brings their number to T-Mobile ( NASDAQ : TMUS ) can get an iPhone 7 on us – or iPhone 7 Plus for just $ 100 – after trade-in and rebate . This screaming deal is available for new and existing customers , but it only lasts through Thursday , March 16th . So get a move on !
“ As if you needed any more reason to join the Un-carrier—now , you can switch the family to T-Mobile , get everybody a new iPhone 7 on us AND get yourself an extra line for free , ” said John Legere , president and CEO of T-Mobile . “ T-Mobile customers are the most satisfied in wireless , and I want every single carrier customer out there to switch over NOW and see why ! ”
To get your new iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus , simply bring your number to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile ONE—with monthly taxes and fees included . Trade-in any qualifying phone and get your new iPhone on T-Mobile 's interest-free Equipment Installment Plan ( EIP ) . You 'll get instant credit for your trade-in , and then , after registering online , you 'll get a prepaid MasterCard® in the mail with your rebate which you can apply to your remaining EIP balance .
Have a big family or small business ? No problem . This offer is good for up to 12 iPhone 7 devices—all on us !
This offer comes right on top of T-Mobile 's limited-time offer to give customers with at least 2 lines an additional line of service—absolutely FREE . Combined with the Un-carrier 's offer of two lines of T-Mobile ONE for $ 100 , getting an extra line free means you can now get THREE lines of T-Mobile ONE for that same $ 100 a month with AutoPay .
It 's never been a better time for carrier customers to give the Un-carrier a look . On top of all these freebies , you 'll be on T-Mobile 's super-advanced , wicked-fast LTE network – the nation 's fastest according to multiple sources ( Speedtest.net , Twin Prime , and even the FCC ) , with LTE availability that is neck and neck with Verizon ( OpenSignal ) . In fact , studies of real people using their real devices where they really live , work and play show the T-Mobile network is neck and neck with Verizon—if not ahead .
To get your iPhone on the house after rebate , head in to any participating T-Mobile store . For more information on this offer , please visit www.t-mobile.com/offers/iphoneoffer .
On all T-Mobile plans , if the network becomes intermittently congested , top 3 % of data users ( > 28GB/mo . ) may notice reduced speeds due to prioritization . Limited time offers ; subject to change . iPhone On Us : If you cancel wireless service , remaining balance at full price is due ; rebate may be used to cover remaining balance . Pricing for well qualified customers . iPhone 7 $ 649.99 ; $ 25.99 down and $ 26/mo . x 24 mo . before trade-in & prepaid card . 0 % APR . Plus tax . Prepaid cards issued by Citibank N.A. , member FDIC , pursuant to a license from MasterCard Int ' l , conditions and expiration apply . Must be active and in good standing ; allow 8 weeks . Not combinable with some offers ( Carrier Freedom ) . 128GB and 256GB iPhone 7 and 7 Plus available for an extra $ 100 or $ 200 respectively . Free Line : Qual ' g credit req 'd . Customers cancelling a line after 2/27/17 not eligible . May take up to 2 bill cycles . 1/acct . Taxes/fees may be applied to pre- bill credit price on some legacy plans .
About T-Mobile US , Inc .
As America 's Un-carrier , T-Mobile US , Inc. ( NASDAQ : TMUS ) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation . The Company 's advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to 71.5 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value . Based in Bellevue , Washington , T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands , T-Mobile and MetroPCS . For more information , please visit http : //www.t-mobile.com .
# # #
T-Mobile Media Contacts
T-Mobile US Media Relations
MediaRelations @ T-Mobile.com
Investor Relations
877-281-TMUS OR 212-358-3210
investor.relations @ t-mobile.com
By the time Ted Cruz arrived Friday at the tiny border town of Douglas for their first Arizona event of 2016 , they were already too late for the hundreds of thousands of Republicans who had already voted .
Election day is still two days away in Arizona , but well more than half of Republicans expected to vote in the state 's primary Tuesday have already cast their ballots — complicating Cruz 's attempts to overtake Donald Trump as both make a late push for the state 's lucrative , winner-take-all prize of 58 delegates .
Story Continued Below
“ A candidate can not win Arizona if they do n't do well in early balloting , ” said Nathan Sproul , an Arizona Republican strategist who served as co-chairperson for Marco Rubio 's campaign in the state .
Arizona has among the most robust early-voting programs in the country . In Maricopa , the state 's largest county , the number of early voters in 2016 is already nearly 90 percent of the county 's total GOP turnout in the primary four years ago .
This raft of early voting represents a particular challenge for Cruz , whose team acknowledges they are likely climbing out of a hole , even though the campaign first put an Arizona team in place last September . John Kasich has all but written off the state , neither visiting nor investing resources , but the Cruz campaign is not getting a true head-to-head battle with Trump : Many votes were cast before the race consolidated , including for Cruz rivals who are no longer in the race .
In fact , veteran Arizona strategists and the Cruz campaign estimate as much as half the vote was cast before Marco Rubio dropped out on Tuesday .
“ Trump would have a natural lead , because it 's a fragmented field , ” Cruz campaign manager Jeff Roe , referring to the early vote , said the night of the March 15 elections .
Constantin Querard , Cruz 's Arizona state director , noted the campaign had gained momentum since Rubio dropped out but added , “ We do n't know how much of a deficit we have to overcome . ”
The outcome in Arizona is critical , not just for its bounty of delegates but also for its ability to reset the tenor and trajectory of the Republican nominating contest for almost a month . Arizona and Utah , where Cruz appears favored , vote on Tuesday , but the Republican race slows to a crawl after that , with only one other state voting in the following four weeks . That means either a Trump or Cruz sweep would linger in the news longer than any prior primaries .
Underscoring the urgency , Trump held rallies in the state 's two largest cities on Saturday , as he , like Cruz , turned their attention to the state late .
Public polling in Arizona has been scant , though Trump led Cruz by double digits in the two public surveys released this month . Internal polling from a Cruz super PAC , obtained by Politico , showed Cruz and Trump in a dead heat , even in a four-candidate race . In a survey conducted March 7-8 , Trump led 25.5 percent to 23.8 percent , with Rubio and Kasich far behind , with 10 percent and 11 percent , respectively , and nearly 30 percent of voters undecided .
“ We have more of an election month than an election day , ” Querard said . “ You have to pace yourself , but you have to go full speed as long as possible . ”
They added of the pressure emanating from Cruz 's Houston headquarters : “ They 're kicking the stirrups pretty hard . ”
Arizonans are already voting at a record-setting pace . In Maricopa County , which includes the Phoenix area and accounts for 60 percent of Arizona 's total population , 249,702 of the 708,941 registered Republicans had returned their ballots as of Friday . Total turnout in the primary was about 280,000 in 2012 . In Pima County , Arizona 's second largest and home to Tucson , more than 60,000 voters had cast ballots by Friday — roughly 85 percent of the 2012 turnout .
Yet none of the campaigns had registered much activity until days ago . Cruz 's campaign was the first to hit the airwaves , buying ads starting on March 12 . One of their super PACs joined in recent days , as Trump opened their wallet to buy television ads , as well .
Cruz 's most recent Arizona ad tries to tap into voters ' fears of crimes committed by undocumented people crossing the border . It features the wrenching testimony of a father who says their son 's killing at the hands of an illegal immigrant was “ completely preventable . ”
“ I trust Ted Cruz , ” the father says .
Immigration is expected to loom large in a state where the topic has long dominated Republican politics . Trump , who has the support of controversial Sheriff Joe Arpaio and former Republican Gov . Jan Brewer , has made building a wall on the southern border their signature issue .
Last week , the Cruz campaign pushed back after POLITICO reported , in an outline of Cruz 's internal view of the path to getting 1,237 delegates to secure the nomination , that they would need to win Arizona . To reporters on March 15 , Roe compared the Arizona dynamics to those in Louisiana , where they “ won overwhelmingly ” among election day voters but fell just short of overcoming Trump 's lead from early balloting .
The Cruz campaign hopes such a late surge could be portrayed as a victory , even if they lose all 58 of Arizona 's delegates . A memo from Cruz 's team on delegate strategy on March 15 said a multicandidate field in Arizona would effectively allow Trump to win .
Kasich mostly has been a nonpresence and nonfactor . “ If they have a state chairperson , I do n't even know who it is , ” Querard said . ( On Friday , after Querard spoke with Politico , Kasich announced their Arizona leadership team . )
Cruz 's campaign does have a program that identifies likely supporters and directs volunteers to make calls and knock on their doors . “ There is n't any other campaign that 's doing that level of engagement in Arizona , ” said Sean Noble , an Arizona Republican strategist who previously supported Rubio . “ I would have to put a slight advantage to Cruz because they have some presence here . ”
Sproul , the other Arizona strategist , got their ballot early and has held it for weeks to see whether any campaigns would contact him . None did .
“ I would have expected some of the campaigns to have at least done a few mail pieces , phone calls , a little bit of outreach , ” they said . “ It 's been remarkably quiet . ”
Katie Glueck contributed to this report .
It would connect turbines off the wind-lashed north coast of Scotland with Germany 's vast arrays of solar panels , and join the power of waves crashing on to the Belgian and Danish coasts with the hydro-electric dams nestled in Norway 's fjords : Europe 's first electricity grid dedicated to renewable power will become a political reality this month , as nine countries formally draw up plans to link their clean energy projects around the North Sea .
The network , made up of thousands of kilometres of highly efficient undersea cables that could cost up to €30bn ( £26.5bn ) , would solve one of the biggest criticisms faced by renewable power – that unpredictable weather means it is unreliable .
With a renewables supergrid , electricity can be supplied across the continent from wherever the wind is blowing , the sun is shining or the waves are crashing .
Connected to Norway 's many hydro-electric power stations , it could act as a giant 30GW battery for Europe 's clean energy , storing electricity when demand is low and be a major step towards a continent-wide supergrid that could link into the vast potential of solar power farms in North Africa .
By autumn , the nine governments involved – Germany , France , Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , Denmark , Sweden and Ireland and the UK – hope to have a plan to begin building a high-voltage direct current network within the next decade . It will be an important step in achieving the European Union 's pledge that , by 2020 , 20 % of its energy will come from renewable sources .
`` We recognise that the North Sea has huge resources , we are exploiting those in the UK quite intensively at the moment , '' said the UK 's energy and climate change minister , Lord Hunt . `` But there are projects where it might make sense to join up with other countries , so this comes at a very good time for us . ''
More than 100GW of offshore wind projects are under development in Europe , around 10 % of the EU 's electricity demand , and equivalent to about 100 large coal-fired plants . The surge in wind power means the continent 's grid needs to be adapted , according to Justin Wilkes of the European Wind Energy Association ( EWEA ) . An EWEA study last year outlined where these cables might be built and this is likely to be a starting point for the discussions by the nine countries .
Renewable energy is much more decentralised and is often built in inhospitable places , far from cities . A supergrid in the North Sea would enable a secure and reliable energy supply from renewables by balancing power across the continent .
Norway 's hydro plants – equivalent to about 30 large coal-fired power stations – could use excess power to pump water uphill , ready to let it rush down again , generating electricity , when demand is high . `` The benefits of an offshore supergrid are not simply to allow offshore wind farms to connect ; if you have additional capacity , which you will do within these lines , it will allow power trading between countries and that improves EU competitiveness , '' said Wilkes .
The European Commission has also been studying proposals for a renewable-electricity grid in the North Sea . A working group in the EC 's energy department , led by Georg Wilhelm Adamowitsch , will produce a plan by the end of 2010 . They have warned that without additional transmission infrastructure , the EU will not be able to meet its ambitious targets . Hunt said the EC working group 's findings would be fed into the nine-country grid plan .
The cost of a North Sea grid has not yet been calculated , but a study by Greenpeace in 2008 put the price of building a similar grid by 2025 at €15bn-€20bn . This would provide more than 6,000km of cable around the region . The EWEA 's 2009 study suggested the costs of connecting the proposed 100GW wind farms and building interconnectors , into which further wind and wave power farms could be plugged in future , would probably push the bill closer to €30bn . The technical , planning , legal and environmental issues will be discussed at the meeting of the nine this month .
`` The first thing we 're aiming for is a common vision , '' said Hunt . `` We will hopefully sign a memorandum of understanding in the autumn with ministers setting out what we 're trying to do and how we plan to do it . ''
All those involved also have an eye on the future , said Wilkes . `` The North Sea grid would be the backbone of the future European electricity supergrid , '' they said . This supergrid , which has support from scientists at the commission 's Institute for Energy ( IE ) , and political backing from both the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , and Gordon Brown , would link huge solar farms in southern Europe – producing electricity either through photovoltaic cells , or by concentrating the sun 's heat to boil water and drive turbines – with marine , geothermal and wind projects elsewhere on the continent . Scientists at the IE have estimated it would require the capture of just 0.3 % of the light falling on the Sahara and the deserts of the Middle East to meet all Europe 's energy needs .
In this grid , electricity would be transmitted along high voltage direct current cables . These are more expensive than traditional alternating-current cables , but they lose less energy over long distances .
Hunt agreed that the European supergrid was a long-term dream , but one worth making a reality . The UK , like other countries , faced `` huge challenges with our renewables targets , '' they said . `` The 2020 target is just the beginning and then we 've got to aim for 2050 with a decarbonised electricity supply – so we need all the renewables we can get . ''
Swarms of honey bees have been appearing all over New York City . In some cases they are captured and sent to live in Connecticut . ( Photo : CBS 2 ) Honey bees in NYC ( Photo : CBS 2 )
— This story probably falls into the category of Ripley 's “ bee-lieve ” it or not .
The Bloomberg administration socked a Queens man with a hefty fine for failing to water their beehive , reports CBS 2 's Marcia Kramer .
It 's a new one in the annals of city government . The cash-strapped Bloomberg administration has mounted a “ sting operation ” against city beekeepers — ticketing a Douglaston man an unbelievable $ 2,000 for not watering their beehive .
“ It 's outrageous . It 's difficult to understand how this could happen , ” Tip Sempliner said .
And here 's why : there is a beehive waterer a few feet from the hive .
When asked if it 's logical to assume the bees could fly two feet to get the water , Sempliner said , “ I do n't know if they 'd bother . They could just step out of the hive and fall in the water . ”
But that 's not all . Sempliner 's property is right on Little Neck Bay and they have several fresh water ponds nearby , so if the bees do n't like their water dish . There are many other bee-utiful options .
“ I felt sorry for the inspector . I thought we should probably buy them some glasses , ” Sempliner said .
The hive actually belongs to Sempliner 's friend , Jon Pettingill , who said the beehive waterer has been there since the hive was put up over a year ago .
“ It does seem like the city is a little revenue hungry and trying to bring it in wherever they can , ” Pettingill said .
Queens Councilman Daniel Halloran agreed .
“ This is another example of the city going out of its way to collect revenue at the expense of our citizens . There are criminals who get cases in city criminal court who do n't have a $ 500 fine , let alone a $ 2,000 … this is absolutely absurd , ” Halloran said .
Sempliner 's message to Mayor Michael Bloomberg is simple : you can catch more bees with honey than you can with vinegar — or in this case a city summons . They said City Hall should dismiss it .
Apparently the mayor agrees – you can catch more bees with honey , within limits . Because after Kramer called , a decision was made to change the violation to a “ warning . ”
Why , asked Kramer ? Because , said a mayoral spokesperson , officials “ thought it through . ”
Will New York City stop at nothing to get cash from residents ? What do you think ? Please offer your thoughts in the comments section below .
SINGAPORE - A teen was skateboarding in the grounds of Pine Grove estate when they lost their balance while navigating a slight upward slope and fell , a coroner 's court heard .
Republic Polytechnic student Louis Chen Hong Ming , who was wearing slippers at the time of the incident on Nov 15 last year , died from extensive liver laceration in hospital about three hours later .
At Friday 's ( April 28 ) inquest into the 18-year-old 's death , the court heard that Mr Chen left their Pine Grove apartment at about 9pm on Nov 15 with their skateboard without telling their mother or their grandparents where they were going .
They returned home at about 9.30pm without their skateboard and was wearing only their right slipper . When their grandfather opened the door , the teen was leaning against it . Their face was pale and they kept saying `` kerb '' and that they were in `` great pain '' when asked what had happened .
They were admitted to the accident and emergency department of National University Hospital with multiple lacerations in the right lobe of their liver , among other injuries . They received massive transfusions of blood and blood products .
Despite surgery and prolonged resuscitation , they died at 12.12am .
The court heard that Mr Chen had abrasions on their right knee , toe and chest . The abrasion mark on their chest bore an imprint that could have been sustained from impact against a hard object .
Mr Chen 's missing slipper was later found at the edge of the concrete kerb , which was 21cm high and their skateboard was found 2.7m away .
A resident told police that they were walking towards their block , past the club house , when they saw the teen seated on their skateboard with their hands on the metal railing opposite the concrete kerb , and moving slightly . They thought the youth was resting .
In their findings , State Coroner Marvin Bay said Mr Chen suffered significant impact on their chest against a raised concrete kerb after falling off their skateboard . Despite considerable pain , they were able to walk home and tell their grandfather that they had hit the kerb .
`` Mr Chen 's demise from injuries sustained in an unwitnessed fall , while riding their skateboard , is a tragic misadventure , '' said Coroner Bay .
Skateboarders , they said , are vulnerable to falls , especially if they are infrequent boarders , or traversing a rarely used route , or a path that is not well lit .
It is critical that sensible precautions , such as the use of safety equipment , be observed . They said the use of proper footwear , along with protective helmets and pads , would be prudent steps to mitigate potentially catastrophic mishaps .
Mr Chew , they said , had unfortunately worn a pair of slippers that could have led them to lose their balance and subsequently fall .
Story :
Inventor of ADHD 's Deathbed Confession : “ ADHD Is A Fictitious Disease ” .
Other Versions
1 . US American psychiatrist Leon Eisenberg , who was the “ scientific father of ADHD ” said at the age of 87 , seven months before their death in their last interview : “ ADHD is a prime example of a fictitious disease ” .
2 . The German weekly Der Spiegel reported that Dr. Leon Eisenberg said ‘ ADHD is a prime example of a fictitious disease ' .
Analysis :
The messages claim that American psychiatrist Leon Eisenberg , the scientific inventor of the Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) told in their last interview before death that “ ADHD is a prime example of a fictitious disease ” and is a fiction . Although Leon Eisenberg did not say such a thing precisely , there is some fact in the messages .
Who is Leon Eisenberg
Leon Eisenberg was a child psychiatrist , social psychiatrist and a medical educator who worked in transforming child psychiatry by advocating research into their developmental problems . Eisenberg was credited with a number of “ firsts ” in medicine and psychiatry , although they did not discover ADHD . The first scientist and physician to mention ADHD was a Scottish scientist named Alexander Crichton .
Leon Eisenberg was born on August 8 , 1922 and they died of prostate cancer on September 15 , 2009 . As reported by the German weekly Der Spiegel , Leon Eisenberg , who was “ called as scientific father of ADHD ” talked about the growing concerns of ADHD in their final interview , seven months before their death . But they did NOT say that “ ADHD Is A Fictitious Disease ” , they have in fact expressed their concern over the explosion of ADHD prescriptions and that it is overrated . Mentioned below is a quote from their interview :
A look at the U.S. shows that is definitely still room for improvement . Of the ten year-old boy now swallows every tenth already an ADHD medication – every day . But of all the scientific father of ADHD has followed the explosion of prescriptions with growing horror . Leon Eisenberg later took over the management of psychiatry at the prestigious Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston and became one of the most famous neurologists in the world . In their last interview , seven months before their death from prostate cancer at the age of 87 , they distanced themselves from their youthful indiscretion .
A tall , thin man with glasses and suspenders in 2009 opened the door to their apartment in Harvard Square , invited at the kitchen table and poured coffee . They would never have thought they said that their invention would be so popular once . “ ADHD is a prime example of a fabricated disease , ” Eisenberg said . “ The genetic predisposition to ADHD is completely overrated . ”
Instead , child psychiatrist should more thoroughly determine the psychosocial reasons that can lead to behavioral problems , Eisenberg said . Are there fights with parents , mother and father live together , there are problems in the family ? Such questions are important , but they are taking a lot of time , Eisenberg said , adding with a sigh : “ . Prescribe a pill against it very quickly , ”
Eisenberg pointed that psychosocial reasons behind a child 's behavior are not well studied over time and are easily attributed to ADHD – without proper diagnosis . The article where this interview of Eisenberg was quoted in Der Spiegel in fact talked about the same issue – explosion of diagnoses of mental illness .
Melancholy without shame
In Germany , the number of diagnoses of mental illness increases . Many people feel overwhelmed . But while some suffer from depression , the others are just stressed . Where is the boundary between sick and healthy ?
Therefore , Leon Eisenberg did not actually say that “ ADHD Is A Fictitious Disease ” , but rightly said that there are growing concerns about the explosion of prescriptions around the disease . The video below is a Fox News report that addressed this issue , clearing some common myths and beliefs people have about ADHD .
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
ADHD Diagnosis is not easy , it needs good amount of time and study of a person .
Only kids do not have ADHD , even adults can have it .
Some kids can outgrow ADHD naturally .
Medication can not cure ADHD , it can only help to cope up better .
Kids with ADHD need not be hyper always , there are three types of behavior in it – Inattention , Hyperactivity–impulsivity , or a combination of both .
Lesson to be learnt is , NOT to jump to conclusion that your child has ADHD and start giving them pills . A careful , long term study of the underlying reasons behind lack of attention of the child is very important for giving them the right treatment or medication .
Hoax or Fact :
Partly fact .
References :
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD )
Leon Eisenberg
History & Discovery of ADHD
Der Spiegel – Melancholy without shame
Australian authorities are failing to protect Great Barrier Reef by approving the dumping of dredge soil , former government official says
A senior official at the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority says dumping more dredge would put extra pressure on the reef
The authority approved plans in January to dump 3 million cubic metres of dredge spoil at the reef to expand Queensland 's Abbot Point coal port
It 's a decision that should n't have been made , according to scientists
Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt has vowed to stop future dredge spoil at the marine park
Australia 's Great Barrier Reef is at risk because authorities are failing to protect the marine park by approving the dumping of dredge spoil , a former government official says .
Jon Day , who was a former director of Conservation Biodiversity and World Heritage at the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority , says the dumping of dredge spoil will put more pressure on a reef that is already in decline .
The authority approved plans in January to dump three million cubic metres of dredge spoil at the Great Barrier Reef to expand Queensland 's Abbot Point coal port .
Scroll down for video
Australia 's Great Barrier Reef is at risk because authorities are failing to protect the marine park by approving the dumping of dredge spoil from Abbot Point coal port , a former government official says
It 's a decision that should not have been made , according to Mr Day , and is part of an ABC Four Corners investigation on Monday .
Scientists and senior officials within the authority faced a tense year-long struggle against the proposal , with fears about the effect the spoil could have on the marine park .
'The big question is why was it allowed to be approved , ' Four Corners reporter Marian Wilkinson told Daily Mail Australia .
'The official view from the Environment Minister ( Greg Hunt ) is that they 've put tougher environmental conditions on so they believe it can be done safely . But there are a lot of questions among experts inside and outside the agency about it . '
Jon Day , who was a former director of Conservation Biodiversity and World Heritage at the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority , told ABC reporter Marian Wilkinson the dumping of dredge spoil would put more pressure on a reef that is already in decline
Mr Day , who resigned from the authority last month , says alternatives to sea dumping for Abbot Point were n't properly considered .
'If we take that into account and if we did a proper evaluation of all the alternatives , that decision would not have been made , ' they said .
'Our own legislative mandate says `` the long-term protection and conservation of the values '' , and we 're not doing that . '
Wilkinson said the decision was criticised by UNESCO 's World Heritage Committee , which will decide next year whether the reef should be declared 'in danger ' .
The authority approved plans in January to dump three million cubic metres of dredge spoil at the Great Barrier Reef to expand Queensland 's Abbot Point coal port Reporter Marian Wilkinson Wilkinson said the decision was criticised by UNESCO 's World Heritage Committee , which will decide next year whether the reef should be declared 'in danger '
'The other options to look at were trying to find a place to dump on land and trying to do something to extend the port 's trestles so that ships did n't have to come so close to the reef , ' Wilkinson said .
Mr Hunt , the federal environment minister who approved the dumping , told the program that Abbot Point was a 'line in the sand ' and they have guaranteed that no further dumping will take place in the marine park under their watch .
'Of course , the argument from some of the scientists is why did we have to have this one in the first place ? ' Wilkinson said .
The ABC 's Four Corners is on Monday night at 8.30pm .
Scientists and senior officials within the authority faced a tense year-long struggle against the proposal , with fears about the effect the spoil could have on the marine park
British jihadi who went to fight for ISIS after they were sacked from Primark is killed in Syria
Muhammad Hamidur Rahman one of around 500 Britons who went to Syria
They joined the Islamic State of Iraq and Sham which in now the Islamic State
Rahman , from Portsmouth , was shot dead in a gun fight a fortnight ago
Their father said family received text message from a friend of Rahman in Syria
Rahman is the second British jihadist from Portsmouth to die in Syria
The first was their friend Iftekhar Jaman , 23 , who died in December
Killed : Muhammad Hamidur Rahman , 25 , was one of an estimated 500 Britons who went to Syria to fight
A former supervisor at Primark who became a terrorist fighting for the world 's most feared terrorist group has been killed in Syria .
Muhammad Hamidur Rahman , 25 , was one of an estimated 500 Britons who went to Syria to fight for the Islamic State of Iraq and Sham ( ISIS ) .
The group has renamed itself Islamic State ( IS ) , and now controls vast swathes of Syria and Iraq , which it has declared as the world 's newest Islamic caliphate .
This weekend , the U.S. bombed key IS targets in northern Iraq as the group threatened to wipe out a secretive sect known as the Yazidis , accusing them of being devil worshippers .
Rahman , from Portsmouth , was shot dead in a gun fight a fortnight ago , a day before the Muslim festival if Eid , said their family .
Their father , Abdul Hannan , 52 , an Indian restaurant worker , said the family received a text message from a friend of Rahman in Syria who informed them that their son was dead .
The latest killing brings the death toll of British jihadists in Syria to 19 , according to terrorism experts at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation ( ICSR ) at King 's College , London , which monitors the war in Syria .
Rahman is the second British jihadist from Portsmouth to die in Syria .
The first was their friend Iftekhar Jaman , 23 , who died in December .
Rahman 's father , Mr Hannan , said that Jaman went to Syria first at the beginning of last year , and then took their son there by contacting them through social media .
They said that Rahman did not tell any member of their family that they were going to Syria , but suddenly disappeared from Portsmouth . Days later , they received a call from them saying they were in Syria .
Mr Hannan said : ‘ He asked us to pray for him , and said they wanted to become a shaheed ( martyr ) for the sake of Allah . '
It is not known where in Syria Rahman died .
But Shiraz Maher , a terrorism expert at the ICSR , said they spoke to Rahman on social media a month ago , when they said they were in the northern Syria city of Deir Zour , which is a stronghold for IS .
Maher said : ‘ From speaking to him , I got the sense that they were a man who wanted to become a martyr . They were a man of conviction . '
Rahman was working at their local Primark store , but was dismissed a month before they went to Syria last October .
Friends : Muhammad Hamidur Rahman , 25 , and Iftekhar Jaman , 23 , who died in December
Rahman , from Portsmouth , was shot dead in a gun fight a fortnight ago according to their family
They were one of 10 Britons from Portsmouth – all of Bangladeshi origin – who have gone to Syria to join the Islamic State .
Rahman flew to Turkey with five other friends , and then crossed the border by land into Syria .
In May , Mashudur Choudhury , 31 , who accompanied Rahman , but returned to the UK , became the first person in the UK to be convicted of taking part in terrorist activity in Syria .
They were arrested in October at Gatwick airport by anti-terrorist police , as they flew back from Turkey . It emerged that Choudhury found the training in Syria too difficult and became scared of the fighting .
Lee Stearns
No braille ? No problem . A new device lets blind people read by popping a miniature camera on their fingertip .
To read printed material , many visually impaired people rely on mobile apps like KNFB Reader that translate text to speech . Snap a picture and the app reads the page aloud . But users sometimes find it difficult to ensure that their photo captures all of the text , and these apps can have trouble parsing a complex layout , such as a newspaper or restaurant menu .
“ We want to empower end users to accomplish these activities of daily living through technology , ” says Jon Froehlich at the University of Maryland .
Advertisement
Froehlich and their colleagues have developed a device , nicknamed HandSight , that uses a tiny camera originally developed for endoscopies . Measuring just one millimetre across , the camera sits on the tip of the finger while the rest of the device clasps onto the finger and wrist . As the user follows a line of text with their finger , a nearby computer reads it out . Audio cues or haptic buzzes help the user make their way through the text , for example changing pitch or gently vibrating to help nudge their finger into the correct position .
In a study published in October , 19 blind people tried out the technology , spending a couple of hours exploring passages from a school textbook and a magazine-style page . On average , they were able to read between 63 and 81 words per minute and only missed a few words in each passage . The average reading speed for an expert braille reader is around 90 to 115 words per minute , while sighted individuals have an average reading speed around 200 words per minute .
Point and read
Some participants were enthusiastic : “ I 'm very pleased and excited about the system . I think it could make a great difference in my life , ” one told the researchers . Others were less certain , and suggested it was easier to find the next line and read at a steady pace using braille or other technology .
Matthew Janusauskas at the American Foundation for the Blind , a nonprofit based in New York City , thinks the technology could be useful for reading printed materials where the layout affects comprehension , such as a page with multiple columns of text . “ What they 're doing looks very interesting , ” they say . “ The innovation would be in the usability . ”
Down the line , the creators of HandSight imagine a much more dynamic , smartwatch-like device that blind people could use not only to read text but also to discern other visual characteristics , like colours and patterns .
“ They 're already using fingers all of the time to explore the physical world , ” says Froehlich . With HandSight , their team hopes to “ augment the fingers with vision to allow blind or severely visually impaired users to get a sense of the non-tactile world ” .
Journal reference : ACM Transactions on Accessible Computing , DOI : 10.1145/2914793
Education The most important programming language
Original image by Ezu
One of the common questions that comes up among students new to Computer Science and Programming is along the lines of “ what is the best programming language ? ” . And the the brief answer to that is simple :
You 're doing it wrong .
This requires some elaboration . When one asks “ what is the best programming language to learn ? ” or “ what is the best programming language to build video games with ? ” , it seems that the intent is to get some experience with one specific technology , and stop there . That is a failure of an approach .
A programming language is a tool . Tools have specific purposes . Tools change . New tools , technologies , and techniques becomes available . It does n't make much sense to specialize in wielding a hammer over a screwdriver , if one lacks the core skill of following assembly instructions . However unlike this construction analogy , technological tools change rapidly .
“ Java will guarantee a corporate job ” ; “ PHP is required for web development ” ; “ Ruby is growing at 400 % per year ” . A lot of people claim to have a solid idea of where the industry will be and are quick to offer advice , but this ca n't possibly be the case . All of those languages — Java , PHP , Ruby , have first appeared in 1995 . This means that all the hype that you are supposed to “ know ” right now , did n't even exist just 13 years ago . So if you plan on sticking to your favourite high school programming language , chances are that by the time you graduate from a University , you 'll show up at the playfield with a wrong type of bat , so to speak .
Higurashi no Naku Koro ni ( episode 9 )
But then the question still stays : “ what should one learn next ? ” . Algorithms , data structures , complexity , math… Learn the core abstracts , ideas , and skills that are language independent , and that transfer from one syntax to another . Learn the ability to learn . When a new opportunity with new technology comes along , you should be able to get over the learning curve fairly quickly .
So your “ best language ” ; your “ most important programming language to learn next ” is the one that will help you do the above . As a tool . As a palette with which to express and explore your ideas . It might be one with the cleanest syntax , or the most documentation , or one that you are already familiar with the most .
It would n't make sense to pick up a yet-another-programming-language just to be able to do what you already can , only with a somewhat different syntax . It 's useless to write the same basic sort in 12 different languages , if all of them are too slow to finish in a reasonable time . Worse yet if you do n't understand why this is so .
So lets drop this obsession with learning to say “ hello world ” ( or some more complicated version of essentially the same ) in every programming language one can name . Lets also drop the idea of finding “ one language to rule them all ; and retire ” . Once we put the Science back in Computer Science , it would n't matter which language you 'll end up using .
Read more
Let me put this out there straightaway : I am not a collector .
I have n't bought a CD or record since I sold all of my music for beer money in college , I have n't watched a movie on a piece of physical media in more than five years , and I stopped buying books after a multi-state bedbug infestation caused us to dumpster our entire library . I do not collect , thus I do not cellar . Whatever remains of my collection impulse has been whittled down to the meagerest of nubs . Give me Spotify for beer and I 'll be happy .
Bottle hoarding sucks . It 's consumerism as hobby , object fetishism as aspiration , a kind of social currency that 's mostly proffered and accumulated by people who would otherwise be buying baseball cards and replica fantasy swords . The dragon atop their golden hoard often comes to mind when I encounter these people out in the market : beasts of high cunning with an encyclopedic and up-to-the-minute knowledge of their itemized basement bounties , eyes lit with unquenchable avarice as they try ( for reasons possibly not clear even to them ) to talk some poor bottle shop cashier into selling them two extra four packs of Backwoods Bastard . Bury me with my Black Tuesdays , honey ; I 'm taking mine with me when I go .
Wait a second , you 're probably saying . Even possibly : fuck you ! You do n't know me , I work hard for my money , etc . Why should n't I sock a few bottles away for a rainy day ? What about my high ABV beers , my speciality Belgian ales , blended sours , and other wonders that will improve over time with extended bottle conditioning ? What 's wrong with maintaining a respectable cellar ?
My answer would be : nothing ! You are well within both your rights as a consumer and the bounds of propriety in keeping that cellar , friend . There are legitimate reasons to save a beer : to age it in the hopes of developing more nuance over time ; to save it for a special occasion or to share with someone in particular ; to create a vertical series of several or more years ' vintage for a diachronic tasting . The distinction ( arbitrary , yes , sure ) I wish to draw is between cellaring and hoarding .
Cellaring is purposeful , deliberate , and thoughtful . Hoarding is greedy , unbecoming , and ridiculous . It 's also bad for craft beer .
One of the first retail tastings I attended after moving to Ohio and taking a job with a wholesaler here was at a great bottle shop in a well-heeled suburb of Columbus . The weekly tastings at this shop are better than most retail tastings ( a lot of which take place in supermarkets and are absolutely deadly boring ) , due in part to having a regular cast of customers who are genuinely interested in the beers . These regulars often spend the tastings gazing intently into their smartphones , dutifully checking into Untappd for each beer they taste and talking about other beers of the same style ( from Three Floyds , from Hill Farmstead , & c. ) they 've had that are better than what 's in front of them .
One of these guys , I 'll call them Bob , spent much of that first tasting talking about a recent purchasing coup he 'd made : it seems that a Giant Eagle Market District had received two cases of Founders KBS that week and , rather than singling the bottles out for individual purchase , had allowed each customer to buy one four packs . Bob gleefully recounted how he 'd enlisted several people from their office , as well as their brother in law , in hustling down to the store that morning to pick up additional four packs . They ended up with an entire case , now safely ensconced in their basement . They showed me a picture on their iPhone to prove it .
Dick move , Bob ! I would 've loved to have enjoyed a bottle of that myself , as I 'm sure five other people would have similarly been thrilled to pick up their own four packs of this beloved beer . Instead , the case will moulder in your basement , individual bottles to reemerge only when you deem a particular bottle share or trading opportunity worthwhile . You 've contributed directly to the increased scarcity of this beer in your home market , and have literally deprived X number of people of the opportunity to try and enjoy something that only comes along once in a great while . And for what ? Bragging rights ? Trade fodder ? A misplaced sense of accomplishment in thwarting the gnawing spiritual emptiness inherent in life under Western late capitalism ?
Bottle hoarding takes a fine thing ( an appreciation for a sensuous potable ) and turns its object into a dead signifier for social clout . It turns shopping and spending into a hobby and the liquid in the bottle into a prisoner held captive by its own label . It taints sharing , as bottle share events often devolve into bouts of macho posturing and oneupmanship as participants try to out-compete one another by announcing what they 've tasted , what they 've brought , and what they have in their cellars. &
Owning a rare or expensive beer is not in itself an accomplishment . Even if you paid ( paid ! ) for the privilege to buy it , drove out of state , or stood in line for hours to get it . Even if you brought your botts home and meticulously arranged them for a totally sweet haul photo . Tasting is a hobby ; trading , even , sure , is a hobby ; owning is not a hobby .
From an industry perspective , hoarding is a mixed bag . For brewers/suppliers , having a devoted fan base willing to buy up your limited releases at a very high price point provides affirmation , free marketing , and fat ducats . Brewery-only releases of limited beers can make a ton of money for the producers ; there are no distribution costs , after all , and a bottle release party has the potential to pack the pub or taproom .
For wholesalers , hoarders present number of challenges . Consumers who know a limited beer is in the works will hound retailers sometimes months in advance of its release , and when it does finally hit the market , there 's never enough to go around . Purchasers , sales managers and street reps have to very carefully manage where these things go and in what quantities . Retailers have to manage consumer expectations and ( if they 're doing it right ) make sure the beer gets into as many hands as possible , a notion that often runs counter to the wishes of the hoarders , who wish to get their hands on as much of the product as possible for stashing and trading purposes .
The advantage to the brewer in releasing limited beers through their distribution networks is twofold : it gets more of their beer into more and diverse hands , and it keeps them ( the brewery ) out of the sometimes nasty business of managing overwhelming demand in the face of necessary scarcity . Very rarely does consumer ire turn towards a brewery for not producing enough of a limited beer ; rather , people feel that they 're getting fucked by their retailers , and the retailers feel that they 're getting fucked by their wholesalers . Ever wondered why your corner shop only got a single case of that rare Stone , or Odells , or Bells ? The answer to that question is bound up in an alchemy of different metrics of little interest to anyone other than that retailer and their wholesaler . While breweries might see less money from distributing limited releases , it allows them to put themselves at a remove from this madness ( there are other , similarly intangible advantages for producers in going through a distributor , some of which are more cultural than material ) .
There 's a decent argument that hoarders drive some business at the retail level -- everyone loves traffic in the door , even if people are only coming in to see what 's new or limited that week . Hoarders , however , are by their very nature fickle consumers with little retailer loyalty . They have their local spots like anyone else , of course . But they also spend a lot of time popping into bottle shops and big craft retailers to buy up whatever 's being kept behind the counter that week , leaving less of the new hotness for that retailer 's regular , loyal customers , the people in the store three or four times a week buying Lagunitas IPA or Left Hand Milk Stout . Most hoarders I know could also give a shit about breweries ' bread-and-butter brands , those core beers that allowed the brewery to build a successful business and branch out into more adventurous projects like barrel aging , sours , etc . The intrinsic elitism of hoarding fosters an implicit dismissiveness of everyday beers : core brands are for the punters , the thinking seems to go , and no one gets excited about , say , a classic American stout that 's been made consistently for 25 years . Unless you put that shit in a bourbon barrel . Then everyone needs that shit .
One great advantage of the current moment in craft beer ( for the consumer , at least ) is the ever-expanding galaxy of beers to try . With a brewery in America opening literally every day , there 's no shortage of new and wonderful things to buy , sample and share . Hoarders , with their constant need to chase the latest wax-sealed bottle or bourbon barrel imperial stout from whoever , might miss the elegant simplicity of a local pilsner , or the fleeting beauty of a session IPA . There 's more to beer than high gravity and barrel aging , but well-made lagers seldom make the grade with the hoarder crowd ( there is not , for example , a single lager on the RateBeer Top 50 ) . The hoarding lifestyle creates some stark divisions among a consumer cohort that prides itself on rootsy egalitarianism , especially as there exists a perceived teleology of craft knowledge and experience -- one `` progresses '' from the intriguing alien flavors of IPAs to things like imperials , sours , huge stouts and wood- and barrel-aged beers . ( I 've always found it intriguing myself that so many of the most sought-after and top-rated beers are actually quite sweet , and often accentuated with flavors from barrel aging that would appeal to the most uninitiated of palates , but ) .
If there are hoarders , and then there 's everybody else , I guess I 'm in the plebeian consumer camp . My cellar is exactly the size of my refrigerator and contains at any one time a number of session beers , some homebrew , and certainly some fun , large format , high gravity stuff -- that I intend to share with a friend as soon as the opportunity presents itself .
Kyle Brindza , Remington Peck , Craig Bills , Matt Hegarty , Troy Niklas
Notre Dame offensive lineman Matt Hegarty ( 77 ) watches a field goal attempt during a 2013 game against Brigham Young . Hegarty will join the Oregon Ducks this fall , the program announced in May .
( Joe Raymond/The Associated Press )
It is no easy drive from Aztec , New Mexico , to the University of Oregon 's football fields in Eugene . Nineteen-and-a-half hours by car , in fact , going by the directions Google Maps gave Matt Hegarty .
Hegarty , the former Notre Dame offensive lineman who transferred to Oregon and can play immediately this fall as a graduate student with remaining eligibility , began that very route on Saturday morning . By afternoon they were somewhere in Utah , their vehicle loaded with their belongings -- not to mention their 6-foot-4 , 295-pound frame -- yet was n't complaining about the one-man endurance test before him .
`` ( Oregon ) was kind of one of my first loves , '' Hegarty told The Oregonian/OregonLive on Saturday , in their first comments about their transfer since UO announced their addition May 26 . `` Oregon always had a good place in my heart . ''
Hegarty views the drive , and its destination , from a rare perspective . After suffering , and recovering fully from , a mild stroke in 2012 , they know a thing or two about arduous journeys . And Google 's itinerary did n't reflect the true length of their winding , six-year path back to Oregon . The program that started their path in college football 's spotlight -- in a hilariously awkward fashion they can laugh about now -- welcomes back the former Fighting Irish center who holds valuable starting experience on a UO line with little of it .
`` I loved Notre Dame , '' said Hegarty , who started 11 of Notre Dame 's 13 games in 2014 and can play tackle and guard but found a familiarity at center . But in the spring , Irish coaches surprised them with a request to rotate among all three jobs in 2015 , and they became wary of their playing time in the arrangement .
`` I 'd do anything for the program , '' they said . `` It was hard for me to take a step back and try to put a balance on it of , what 's going to work the best for me while at the same time try to go into my last year of playing football thinking about my football future . ''
The same day Hegarty received their scholarship release from Notre Dame in March , they contacted Oregon 's coaches about a possible transfer . Hegarty was familiar with offensive line coach Steve Greatwood , who recruited them as a prep , and knew the graduation of four-year starter Hroniss Grasu left a void on Oregon 's depth chart .
A `` cast of thousands '' tried out at center during UO 's spring practices , Greatwood said in April , but they gave little indication any held an edge after May 's spring game , which featured a few high snaps .
Oregon coach Mark Helfrich is expected to address , for the first time , the roster additions of Hegarty and former Eastern Washington quarterback Vernon Adams , UO 's two fifth-year graduate transfers , among other topics with reporters Tuesday at a press gathering .
Hegarty , who is enrolled in a one-year psychology graduate school program , has not been guaranteed playing time at Oregon but is savvy and tough after recovering from a November 2012 stroke . One month later , they underwent surgery that patched two holes in their heart , which were almost a combined one-inch wide , that had gone undetected since birth .
Oregon offensive line coach Steve Greatwood is seeking to replace Hroniss Grasu ( right ) , Oregon 's four-year starter at center .
But long before they became a highly sought-after de facto recruit this spring , Hegarty was a prep lineman largely clueless about the recruiting process living in a 6,000-person town in northwestern New Mexico -- three hours to Albuquerque , and seven each way to Denver and Phoenix . It was far enough off the beaten path that even a seasoned recruiter might have had to call up Google Maps himself . Still , Oregon was first to invite them to a summer camp after their sophomore year .
`` I was like are those the guys with the diamond steel plates on their uniform shoulders ? '' said Hegarty , referring to the look of Oregon 's jerseys back then .
Said Bryan Hegarty , Matt 's father : `` We did n't understand it at the time . Their high school coach said , 'This is a heck of a deal , we 're going . ' ''
Two bags were packed for the four-day trip . One with Matt 's personal items and clothing , the other all football gear . But their bag of personal clothes was lost en route and , as Bryan Hegarty recalled , Matt was late to camp , without time to change .
Frazzled , they rushed to Oregon 's fields wearing their street clothes .
`` I showed up the first day and they 're doing weigh-ins and we 're running 40 ( yard dashes ) , '' said Matt Hegarty , who had to bum a pair of socks off their dorm roommate that week before their bag arrived on the last day . `` The guy next to me is in track spikes and leggings I 'm running in a polo , checkered shorts and Air Max ( sneakers ) . It was funny .
`` I remember Chip Kelly was doing the timing . I ran through and they started laughing . They said , 'How about you go ahead and take the change out of your pocket and try it again ? ' I had everything on me . It was a tough way to start . ''
Count their latest trip to Eugene as a confident bet that this is the perfect way to finish their college career . Six years after they were introduced to major college football , and three months after they were a lineman without a team , 19 hours in a car does n't seem so bad .
At the very least , they know he 'll arrive this time with all their luggage .
-- Andrew Greif
agreif @ oregonian.com
503-221-8100
@ andrewgreif
Two hundred years before the first Viking longships appeared off the west coast of Scotland , the Hebridean seaways were stalked by home-grown pirates . One band of cut-throats plied their trade in the late sixth century , when Saint Columba was abbot of the monastery they had founded on Iona . They were led by the sons of Conall mac Domnaill , an obscure figure of whom we know almost nothing beyond the name . According to Adomnán , author of Vita Columbae ( ‘ Life of Columba ' ) , Conall 's sons were members of the royal house of Gabrán , by which they presumably meant the Cenél nGabráin dynasty of Kintyre , but their position within this powerful kindred is unknown . They may have belonged to a rogue branch , perhaps to a family regarded as rivals of the chief lineage headed by Columba 's royal patron Áedán mac Gabráin . The actual number of Conall 's sons is unknown , as are the names of all but one of them : Ioan mac Conaill mac Domnaill , a ruthless sea-robber far removed from the image of the ‘ jolly buccaneer ' embodied by Jack Sparrow .
Adomnán introduces us to the sons of Conall in the tale of a visit by Columba to the mainland , to the peninsula of Ardnamurchan above the north end of the Isle of Mull . There dwelt a farmer called Colmán whom Columba had befriended . Columba sometimes stayed with Colmán as a house-guest , presumably when they needed a base for religious work on the mainland . The saint was not there , however , on one fateful day when the sons of Conall came to Ardnamurchan in search of easy pickings .
The pirates came ashore and attacked Colmán 's house , breaking in to snatch whatever they could find . Filling their boat with the farmer 's belongings , they headed back out to sea . Colmán and their family survived the assault , no doubt by running to safety as soon as the raiders appeared , but their ordeal was far from over . In a grim replay of the first attack , the sons of Conall paid a return visit and did the same thing all over again . Colmán was not a wealthy man and had no means of defending their home and kin . The pirates were no doubt aware of this , hence their return for a third raid . This time , however , Columba was on Ardnamurchan with some monks from Iona . Although not at Colmán 's house when the attack came , the saint was not far away and reappeared just as the raiders were about to sail off with their loot . They confronted them on the seashore , urging them to yield up their plunder and abandon their violent ways . Their pleading brought a scornful response from the pirate-chief Ioan , who promptly sailed away without any hint of remorse .
Stung by Ioan 's mockery and indifference , Columba waded out into the water and lifted their hands in prayer . There they stayed until the pirate ship disappeared over the horizon . They rejoined their monks , who had watched the entire incident , and together they went up to a higher point above the shore . Columba told their companions that Ioan 's wickedness would not go unpunished , for God was about to deal out a suitable retribution . Sure enough , even as the monks gazed out to sea , a terrible storm arose in the distance . Sweeping southward , it caught the pirates as they sailed between the islands of Mull and Coll , capsizing their vessel and drowning all who were aboard .
The sudden storm did not , however , end the menace of the sons of Conall . It appears that not all of Ioan 's brothers were on the boat that capsized , for Columba encountered the gang again during a visit to the island of Hinba . On this occasion they found themselves in serious danger and only narrowly avoided being slain . The encounter came after they received disturbing news that these same pirates were attacking churches on Hinba , where one of their own satellite monasteries was located . Arriving on the island , they gathered a small party of monks and again confronted the sons of Conall . Castigating them for defiling the sanctity of churches they announced that they had decided to excommunicate them . This threat clearly enraged the pirates , who were at least nominally Christian . One of them – a henchman of Conall 's sons who went by the nickname Lám Dess ( ‘ Right Hand ' ) – strode towards Columba and lunged viciously with their spear . A quick-thinking monk called Findlugán bravely put themselves in the way and took the thrust , but was miraculously unharmed ( according to Adomnán , this was because Findlugán happened to be wearing Columba 's hooded cloak ) . Amid the confusion , Lám Dess was sure they had hit their intended target and believed that a mortal wound had been given to the saint .
What happened afterwards is not reported by Adomnán but the excommunication was presumably put in place . Whether it changed the behaviour of the sons of Conall seems unlikely , given that they plainly had no qualms about attacking religious settlements . It was , nevertheless , the most drastic punishment Columba could deal out and , in an age of superstition , it may have worried some of the gang . It was evidently of little concern to Lám Dess , who was still living a life of violence one year later when they were killed in a fight on another island . After a brief notice of their death , we hear nothing more of the sons of Conall in Vita Columbae .
* * * * *
The story of the pirates appears on pages 118 to 121 of my book Columba .
The relevant references in Vita Columbae are in chapters 22 ( Ioan ) and 24 ( Lám Dess ) of Book Two .
Although Adomnán mentions the island of Hinba a number of times its precise location is unknown . Several theories have been proposed , based on clues given in Vita Columbae . One theory identifies Hinba as the two-part island formed by Colonsay and Oronsay , and this is the one I favour at the moment . See my blogpost on The lost island of Saint Columba .
* * * * * * *
Advertisements
By Ian Pannell
BBC News , Zimbabwe
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement The BBC has obtained documents suggesting that Zimbabwe 's military is actively involved in running Robert Mugabe 's re-election campaign . The documents outline plans by ruling party Zanu-PF to harass and drive out opposition supporters , especially from rural areas . A run-off presidential vote is due to take place later in the month . More than 60 people have been killed , thousands beaten and many more driven from their homes in related violence . Testimony from eye-witnesses and victims from across Zimbabwe as well as internal party documents show that violence and intimidation are being used to try to guarantee the re-election of Robert Mugabe against the challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , on 27 June . MDC supporters say they have been attacked by Zanu-PF supporters The documents suggest that the Joint Operations Command ( JOC ) is now running logistics and operations . The JOC is made up of the heads of the military and state security organisations . Another document lays out the party 's tactics , including the use of scarce food supplies as a political weapon . `` Basic commodities should be sold from either people 's shops or pro-Zanu-PF shops , '' it says . `` Emphasis should be in party strongholds . '' It talks about giving the notorious and feared war veterans , responsible for much of the violence in Zimbabwe , a `` leading role in Zanu-PF campaigns '' . Fight for survival The document also outlines the use of covert operations against the MDC including harassing supporters and driving them out of Zanu-PF strongholds and declares a `` no-go area '' to rural constituencies for the MDC .
Opposition leaders arrested Key role for security chiefs Ruling party secret documents Harare diary : Descent into violence The BBC is banned from reporting in the country , which makes it difficult to authenticate some of this material but our investigations found that all of the tactics mentioned in the document are being used by Zanu-PF and its supporters . The Zimbabwean Deputy Minister of Information , Bright Matonga , denied that the ruling-party is responsible for the violence and they refused to comment on what they described as `` illegal documents . '' But speaking anonymously , a Zimbabwean police officer confirmed to the BBC that officers had been given orders to support Zanu-PF and turn a blind eye to violence perpetrated against MDC supporters . We met in a dark car park in Harare . They told me : `` We 're told to vote for Zanu-PF and they told us it 's not now a secret vote , you have to vote in front of your commanding officer . '' They complained that the police were no longer independent : `` Our police is now politically motivated , whereas it is supposed to be an organisation that stands for not taking part . '' Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Posters supporting Robert Mugabe are plastered across the walls of the capital . The party has brought in private PR consultants to give the campaign a far more positive image . It is a slick strategy that promotes sovereignty , independence and empowerment . But under-writing the campaign are the resources of the central bank and a monopoly of air-time in the state-controlled media . Often the MDC and its supporters are portrayed as the perpetrators of much of the violence but all the evidence points the other way and that is also the conclusion of many observers . The US ambassador to Harare insisted that Robert Mugabe wants to `` to retain power through any means possible '' . They said Zanu-PF , the military and the war veterans were responsible for most of the violence against those who voted for the MDC in the first round , `` ensuring that , number one , they 'll be too afraid to vote and , number two , that they 're not in their district and can not vote '' . I asked them whether there was any way you could conclude that this election was either free or fair . Their answer was swift : `` Absolutely none . '' We met people across Zimbabwe who all had almost identical stories to tell . Many had been beaten or burnt , many had broken limbs , some had relatives killed , thousands had been driven from their homes . They were all targeted because they voted for the opposition . Robert Mugabe has called this an `` all-out war '' . They and their supporters are engaged in a fight for survival and what is now clear is that they will use any means necessary to achieve that .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa will begin their Championship campaign with a televised away clash at Sheffield Wednesday on Sunday August 7 .
The claret and blues travel to Hillsborough ( 4.30pm k/o ) to take on last season 's beaten play-off finalists in a clash that brings back memories of the 1991/92 campaign .
Villa famously beat the Owls 3-2 in Ron Atkinson 's first game in charge thanks to goals from Cyrille Regis , Dalian Atkinson and Steve Staunton and new boss Roberto Di Matteo would take a similar scoreline .
Rotherham visit Villa Park for the first home game ( August 13 ) before Di Matteo 's men entertain Huddersfield three days later .
Of course all fixtures are subject to change but the first Second City derby of the season is currently scheduled to take place at St Andrews on October 29 .
Below : Gregg Evans on how Villa could get off to a flier - and how the late game vs Blues could be crucial
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The return clash at Villa Park is set for April 22 before Villa wrap up their season with a trip to Blackburn Rovers ( April 29 ) and a final-day battle against Brighton at home ( May 7 ) .
Other notable fixtures see Villa host Burton Albion in a competitive fixture for the first time ever on Boxing Day .
They also welcome Leeds United to Villa Park on New Years ' Eve .
The games against Wolves are on October 15 ( home ) and January 14 ( away ) .
Here are the full list of fixtures for the coming season , detailing who is a Villa will play against and when ...
07/08/2016 16:30 Sheffield Wednesday v Aston Villa
13/08/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Rotherham United
16/08/2016 19:45 Aston Villa v Huddersfield Town
20/08/2016 15:00 Derby County v Aston Villa
27/08/2016 15:00 Bristol City v Aston Villa
10/09/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Nottingham Forest
13/09/2016 19:45 Aston Villa v Brentford
17/09/2016 15:00 Ipswich Town v Aston Villa
24/09/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Newcastle United
MORE : Download the Villa 's league fixtures to your mobile here
27/09/2016 19:45 Barnsley v Aston Villa
01/10/2016 15:00 Preston North End v Aston Villa
15/10/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Wolverhampton
18/10/2016 20:00 Reading v Aston Villa
22/10/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Fulham
29/10/2016 15:00 Birmingham City v Aston Villa
05/11/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Blackburn Rovers
19/11/2016 15:00 Brighton v Aston Villa
26/11/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Cardiff City
03/12/2016 15:00 Leeds United v Aston Villa
10/12/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Wigan Athletic
13/12/2016 19:45 Norwich City v Aston Villa
17/12/2016 15:00 Queens Park Rangers v Aston Villa
26/12/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Burton Albion
31/12/2016 15:00 Aston Villa v Leeds United
02/01/2017 15:00 Cardiff City v Aston Villa
14/01/2017 15:00 Wolverhampton v Aston Villa
21/01/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Preston North End
28/01/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Bristol City
31/01/2017 19:45 Brentford v Aston Villa
04/02/2017 15:00 Nottingham Forest v Aston Villa
11/02/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Ipswich Town
14/02/2017 19:45 Aston Villa v Barnsley
18/02/2017 15:00 Newcastle United v Aston Villa
25/02/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Derby County
04/03/2017 15:00 Rotherham United v Aston Villa
07/03/2017 19:45 Huddersfield Town v Aston Villa
11/03/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Sheffield Wednesday
18/03/2017 15:00 Wigan Athletic v Aston Villa
01/04/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Norwich City
04/04/2017 19:45 Aston Villa v Queens Park Rangers
08/04/2017 15:00 Burton Albion v Aston Villa
15/04/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Reading
17/04/2017 15:00 Fulham v Aston Villa
22/04/2017 15:00 Aston Villa v Birmingham City
29/04/2017 15:00 Blackburn Rovers v Aston Villa
07/05/2017 12:00 Aston Villa v Brighton
An official dossier of 15 documents , which has been dubbed `` Britain 's X-Files '' , has been released by the UK Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) and published in paper form by the National Archives – but one expert has suggested three withheld files will lead to accusations of a cover-up .
At the end of last week the National Archive released the files , outlining MoD investigations into mysterious incidents and unidentified flying objects ( UFOs ) . They were not digitised and can currently only be viewed in person or by buying them and waiting for delivery .
UFO watchers and those who closely follow the phenomenon of alien life have been waiting for the files to be released , hoping they will reveal secrets from deep within the British government .
Nick Pope , a former MoD expert on the subject , said withholding files will only fuel conspiracies .
`` It seems that The National Archives has released 15 of the remaining 18 Ministry of Defence UFO files , marking the final stages of what 's been a nine-year long project to declassify and release the MoD 's entire archive of UFO files , '' Pope told The Sun .
`` Unlike all such previous releases of UFO files , I was n't pre-briefed on the release date .
`` The release of these final files has been extensively delayed and at one stage they were sent from the MoD to the National Archives , but then sent back to the MoD . ''
They continued : `` Embarrassment about this delay may explain why - unlike releases of previous batches of MoD UFO files - there has n't been a proactive media release . Accordingly , I suspect the UFO and conspiracy theory community will say that these files have been 'snuck out ' . ''
What 's in the ' X-Files ' ?
Many sky-watchers hoped the fresh files would shine a light on a long-running mystery that has become known as the Rendlesham Forest incident – or Britain 's Roswell . This `` sighting '' happened in 1980 at a military base near Suffolk , with some reports of a `` triangular shaped craft . ''
But unfortunately for those chasing little green men , Pope told British tabloid press they did not believe the MoD files contained a smoking gun . They said some documents likely reference the Rendlesham Forest case but will probably be duplicates of already-released material .
They told The Express : `` The release of these real-life X-Files shows that the UFO mystery lives on and that there 's still huge interest in this fascinating topic . These files will give people a revealing insight into this bizarre and intriguing aspect of Ministry of Defence business .
`` Sadly , there 's no 'smoking gun ' in these files that will prove we 've been visited by extra-terrestrials , but there are plenty of intriguing UFO reports , as well as policy papers explaining how the MoD handled this subject .
`` The lack of a smoking gun and the fact that these files seem to have been slipped out without a formal media announcement is bound to start some conspiracy theories , and I know that many people believe the 'good stuff ' is being held back .
`` Furthermore , the fact that some files have n't been digitised , ca n't be downloaded , and can only be viewed in person at the National Archives will doubtless also generate conspiracy theories .
`` After this , there are only three more UFO files still to be released . ''
Pope said these should be made public `` later this year . ''
This week ( 26 June ) , The Sun newspaper , which has seemingly sent a reporter to analyse the archived documents , reported they reveal how a UFO was spotted on a military radar for hours over the Skegness coast in 1996 – with a RAF reportedly being told not to investigate further .
The referenced document , which does not reveal an author 's name , contains snippets of news from the time – one story titled `` UFOS expose 9-5 defence danger '' .
It allegedly included eyewitness accounts from police , claiming to have viewed `` flashing red , blue and white lights '' in the sky .
The news comes after a chief scientist at Nasa was forced to refute claims from Anonymous , the loose collective of hackers , which said the agency was on the cusp of revealing alien life .
`` Contrary to some reports , there 's no pending announcement from Nasa regarding extra-terrestrial life , '' wrote Nasa 's Thomas Zurbuchen on Twitter .
They added : `` Are we alone in the universe ? While we do not know yet , we have missions moving forward that may help answer that fundamental question . ''
Nick Pope has long investigated claims of extra-terrestrials and UFOs , but has consistently denied their own life follows the tropes put forward by science fiction movies .
`` How do the MoD 's real-life Mulders and Scullys compare to their fictional counterparts ? Having done the job myself , from 1991 to 1994 , I 'm sorry to have to report that it 's not quite as glamorous as people might suspect , '' they wrote in the Guardian back in February 2010 .
`` There 's no running around dark warehouses with guns and torches . It 's more a case of asking colleagues in the RAF to check the radar tapes and writing polite letters back to members of the public , stating that most UFOs turn out to be misidentifications of ordinary objects . ''
It seems that , for now at least , the truth is still out there .
The Supreme Court 's decision on the Voting Rights Act on Tuesday — which struck down one provision of the law outright , neutered another and set a precedent that could eventually threaten the rest of the legislation — may reduce the pressure on states to create majority-minority districts when they engage in Congressional redistricting after each decennial census .
I 've seen a lot of speculation on Twitter about the effects this ruling might have on the partisan composition of Congress , but most of it does n't get the story quite right , in my view . The problem is that most people are putting too much weight on gerrymandering and not enough on geography .
There 's no doubt that the tendency of racial minorities to be concentrated in a group of overwhelmingly Democratic districts hurts the Democratic Party as it seeks control of the United States House . In the chart below , I 've sorted the nation 's 435 Congressional districts based on the percentage of the vote they gave to Mitt Romney and Barack Obama last year .
Photo
The asymmetry is self-evident . There were 44 Congressional districts in which Mr. Obama won by at least 50 percentage points last year , compared with only eight for Mr. Romney . These hyper-partisan districts are far past the point where a Democratic candidate for Congress could lose under almost any circumstance , so they create wasted votes for Democrats . As a result , Mr. Romney won the majority of Congressional districts ( 226 out of 435 ) last year , despite losing the national popular vote by roughly four percentage points . And Democrats gained only eight seats in the House despite winning a ( very narrow ) plurality of the aggregate popular vote for the chamber .
The districts that create this asymmetry tend to be majority-minority . In the next version of the chart , I 've highlighted the nation 's 106 majority-minority districts in orange . Mr. Obama won these districts by an average of 40 percentage points , and of the 44 districts over all that they won by 50 percentage points or more , 41 were majority-minority .
Photo
But minority populations , especially African-Americans , tend to be highly concentrated in certain geographic areas . In the North , this is generally in major cities ; in the South , it may be in both urban areas and some agricultural regions ( with minority populations generally low in the suburbs ) . You 'd have to go out of your way not to create overwhelmingly minority ( and Democratic ) districts on the South Side of Chicago , in the Bronx or in parts of Los Angeles or South Texas , violating nonpartisan redistricting principles like compactness and contiguity .
Moreover , especially outside of the South , the white voters in cities with high minority populations tend to be quite liberal , yielding more redundancy for Democrats .
A variety of academic analyses of redistricting have found that this geographic self-sorting accounts for much — probably most — of the “ skew ” of Congressional districts against Democrats . Gerrymandering and other partisan efforts at redistricting do play a role , but it is mostly around the margin . A study by John Sides and Eric McGhee found that redistricting after the 2010 Census , which was controlled by Republicans in many key states , produced a net swing of only about seven House seats toward Republicans .
In this context , the legal requirements of the Voting Rights Act might also have a relatively minor effect on the number of majority-minority districts , most of which arise as a result of the geographic distribution of minority voters .
To the extent that there would be any effects from abandoning certain requirements , would they help Democrats or Republicans on balance ?
The safest answer is that it will tend to help whichever party is in control of the redistricting process in a given state : the fewer legal constraints that party has , the freer it will be to draw Congressional districts as it sees fit . So if Democrats are in charge of the redistricting process in New York in 2020 , perhaps they can find a way to squeeze out another Democratic seat or two by splitting up minority voters . And if Republicans are in charge in Texas , perhaps they can avoid giving up as many seats to Democrats by diluting the minority vote in cities like Dallas and Houston .
Thus , legal rulings that weaken the effect of the Voting Rights Act will tend to increase the importance of the 2020 elections , when control of the redistricting process will be at stake . But any of these effects are likely to be relatively minor compared with the role geography plays .
Jared Kushner . Alex Wong/Getty Images
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman has accomplished the impossible : he 's actually united Lebanon , though perhaps only briefly .
The tale of how the 32-year-old bin Salman ( or MbS , as he 's called ) , accomplished this is a tad complex , but it 's worth the telling .
Earlier this month , on November 2 , Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , the scion of the wealthy Hariri family ( and the son of the much-admired Rafiq Hariri , who was assassinated in a car bombing in Beirut in 2005 ) , received a telephone call in Beirut from a senior Saudi official directing them to fly immediately to Riyadh to meet with the Saudi Crown Prince . Hariri could hardly refuse : a dual Lebanese-Saudi citizen , Hariri 's family fortune ( and funding for their Lebanese political party , the Future Movement ) depended on Saudi largesse—so off they went .
The next day , Hariri cooled their heels for four hours waiting for MbS to meet with him , before being ushered into Their Presence , where they were peremptorily directed to read a television statement announcing their resignation as Lebanon 's prime minister and blaming Iran and its Lebanese proxy , Hezbollah , for plotting to destabilize their country and murder him .
This was high drama , but lousy theatre : Hariri 's eyes shifted uncomfortably during their address , as if seeking approval from off-camera handlers that they were performing as expected . Hariri then popped up in Abu Dhabi , where they met with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed al Nahyan , before returning to Riyadh , where they reassured the Lebanese public that they were sincere about resigning , had n't been detained against their will by the Saudis , and would soon return to Beirut .
Unfortunately for the Saudis , no one in Lebanon was buying it .
Saad al-Hariri , who announced their resignation as Lebanon 's prime minister from Saudi Arabia , after meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the Ittihadiya presidential palace in Cairo , November 21 , 2017 . Thomson Reuters
Within hours of Hariri 's address , officials of their Sunni-dominated Future Movement speculated that the prime minister was being held against their will , expressed doubts that their resignation was voluntary and pushed for their return . Several days later , Lebanese President Michel Aoun ( a Maronite Christian ) , said that they believed the Saudis had `` kidnapped '' Hariri while Hassan Nasrallah , the Shiite leader of the Iranian-aligned Party of God ( Hezbollah ) , publicly described Hariri 's resignation as a `` Saudi-imposed decision . ''
Banners began appearing in Beirut ( `` We Want Our PM Back '' ) , and festooned the jerseys of runners participating in a Beirut marathon : `` Running For Hariri . ''
Hariri was suddenly Lebanon 's poster boy , a martyr-in-the-making . Which is to say that , within days of their resignation , it was clear that Saudi Arabia 's attempt to paint Hezbollah as `` destabilizing Lebanon '' had backfired : Mohammad bin Salman 's insistence that Hariri take a tougher stance against Iran and Hezbollah had made unlikely allies of Lebanon 's squabbling factions . Those plotting against Lebanon were n't in Tehran , the Lebanese public decided , they were in Riyadh . But the Lebanese were n't the only ones who were n't buying the Saudi line . Neither was the US State Department .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who was accompanying the president during their Asia tour at the time of the Saudi-engineered initiative , was `` completely blindsided '' by the move , as several senior Middle East diplomats confirmed to TAC .
While Tillerson would later be accused of being `` totally disengaged '' from the crisis , several former and current US diplomats have told us that just precisely the opposite was the case . Tillerson , they say , had a `` long and pointed discussion '' on the Hariri situation with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir on November 7 , after having directed Acting Assistant Secretary for Near East Affairs , David Satterfield , to `` walk point '' on the issue . Satterfield talked with Hariri 's aides in Beirut and told Christopher Henzel , the US charge d'affaires in Saudi Arabia , to meet with Hariri in Riyadh . In Beirut , meanwhile , US Ambassador Elizabeth Richard was gathering information on the crisis from Lebanese officials and passing it back to Washington .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Saudi King Salman in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , October 22 , 2017 . Thomson Reuters
Tillerson 's initial reaction to the Hariri resignation was in keeping with their low-key approach . They gathered the facts , solicited advice , advised calm and held their temper . In private , however , Tillerson was seething . This was the second time in six months that the Saudis had taken a major diplomatic initiative without issuing a heads-up to the US—a violation of the unwritten `` no surprises '' rule that is standard courtesy among close allies .
The first surprise had come in June , when the Saudis broke off relations with Qatar and placed it under an economic embargo . The anti-Qatar move embarrassed the US , split the Gulf Cooperation Council and shattered US efforts to forge a united anti-Iran Sunni bloc . And , as was the case with the Saudi-engineered Hariri resignation , the Qatar crisis had come with nary a warning from the Saudis to their most important ally .
But according to a senior Middle East diplomat with whom TAC spoke , Tillerson was n't only angered by Saudi Arabia 's failure to give the US a heads-up on their Lebanon plans , they suspected that the White House knew of the plan for Hariri ahead of time , but failed to tell him .
The culprit , as had been the case of the Qatar crisis , was Jared Kushner , the president 's 36-year-old son-in-law , whose official role in the White House is described by an avalanche of titles that rivals anything given a Saudi royal : Senior Advisor to the President , Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy , and Special Representative for International Negotiations . More crucially , Kushner is close to MbS , who Kushner had met with ( ostensibly about the Israeli-Palestinian peace process ) , during an under-the-radar trip to the region at the end of October .
`` Kushner and MbS are n't just close , they 're very , very close , '' the senior Middle East diplomat told TAC . `` I suppose there 's an outside possibility that Kushner was as surprised about the Hariri move as Tillerson , but I really doubt it . It 's unimaginable that bin Salman did n't tell Kushner what they were planning . '' But this same diplomat dismissed the notion that bin Salman asked for Kushner 's approval of the Saudi initiative—that Kushner `` green lighted '' it .
`` That 's not the way this works , '' they said . `` I doubt that the Saudis needed a green light . They do n't think they need anyone 's permission to do what they want , they take it for granted that Kushner supports them . Their calculation is that they have more influence with the president than Rex Tillerson . ''
Jared Kushner and Donald Trump . Kevin Lamarque/Reuters
In truth , this diplomat says , neither the US nor Tillerson should have been surprised by the Saudi move—or MbS distaste for Saad Hariri . Tensions between the Lebanese prime minister and the Saudis had been festering since mid-May , when a Hariri-backed delegation of bankers arrived in Washington to lobby the Congress against imposing tough new sanctions on Lebanese financial institutions suspected of being affiliated with Hezbollah .
Lebanese officials told members of Congress that increased regulatory pressure would damage Lebanon 's fragile banking sector and endanger its financial stability . Hariri themselves appeared in Washington in July to buttress these efforts . As a result , Congress carefully dampened the impact of the proposed sanctions , fearing that any attempt to target Hezbollah would undermine the fragile Lebanese economy .
`` That was a final straw for the Saudis , '' this diplomat says . `` They were absolutely disgusted . As far as they were concerned , Hariri was caving in to the Iranians . '' By the end of the summer , the Saudis were determined to get rid of the prime minister and replace them with their older brother , Bahaa , a Saudi resident and Saad competitor who has long wanted to replace their brother as head of the Future Movement .
`` This was a plot and months in the making , '' a senior aide to Lebanese President Michel Aoun told The American Conservative in an email . `` Saad refused to fall in line with Saudi Arabia 's plan to confront the Iranians . So MbS decided to make them pay . ''
But Hariri had not only run afoul of Mohammed bin Salman , he 'd also crossed Thamer Al Sabhan , Saudi Arabia 's Minister of Gulf State Affairs , a fervid , and MbS partisan . At key points in the crisis , and even as Mohammed bin Salman remained silent , Al Sabhan had issued threats against Iran , Hezbollah—and Saad Hariri . Their most outspoken public statement came in the midst of the Hariri crisis , on November 7—and was aimed at the Lebanese prime minister .
`` We will treat the government in Lebanon as a government declaring war on Saudi Arabia due to the aggression of Hizbollah , '' Al Sabhan told Al Arabiya , the Saudi owned news channel . It was an astonishing statement , and read in Washington as an `` or else '' threat against Hariri—he would resign their position and tow the Saudi line , `` or else . ''
The problem for Al Sabhan , and for the Saudis , is that the more reckless their rhetoric became , the more the Lebanese dug in their heels . `` The Saudi mistake was in thinking that we 'd roll over , '' this official says . `` We did n't . ''
Saudi Arabia 's then-Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , center , during a meeting at the Elysee Palace in Paris , June 27 , 2016 . AP Photo/Kamil Zihnioglu
Nor did Rex Tillerson . On November 10 , the State Department issued a press statement under Tillerson 's name ( `` On The Situation In Lebanon '' ) , supporting Hariri ( `` We respect Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Al-Hariri as a strong partner of the United States . `` ) , at the same time that it took a swipe at Iran—and the Saudis . `` The United States cautions against any party , within or outside Lebanon , '' the statement read , `` using Lebanon as a venue for proxy conflicts or in any manner contributing to instability in that country . ''
November 10 , as it turns out , marked the most significant moment in the Hariri crisis . On the day the Tillerson statement was issued , Tillerson 's point man on the issue , David Satterfield , had a meeting with Thamer Al Sabhan at the State Department . Al Sabhan was in Washington for meetings , which included one at the White House . The Satterfield-Al Sabhan meeting did not go well , according to the senior diplomat with whom we spoke . In fact , the description is an understatement .
`` The meeting was ugly , confrontational , '' a former ambassador who received a `` read out of the meeting '' explained to us . `` Satterfield laid down the law—the US did not support the Saudi initiative , thought that what the Saudis were doing was destabilizing , wanted Saad to remain as prime minister and would not support Bahaa as their replacement . ''
This senior diplomat says that Satterfield was `` dismissive '' of the Saudi attempt to shift the mantle of the Future Movement onto Bahaa 's shoulders . `` Satterfield made it clear that the US did n't think that Bahaa was up to the job , '' then added their own judgment : `` He 's unpredictable , lazy . ''
A Lebanese woman holds a placard supporting Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri to return from Saudi Arabia during the Beirut Marathon , November 12 , 2017 . AP Photo/Hassan Ammar
In the days following the Satterfield-Al Sabhan meeting , the Hariri crisis has subsided.Denying that they were detained against their will by the Saudis , Hariri arrived in Paris on Saturday , where met with French President Emmanuel Macron , then made their way to Beirut via Cairo on Wednesday .
Their return was triumphant . They appeared at a military parade marking their country 's independence , spoke to cheering crowds outside of their home - and all but renounced their Riyahd decision to resign as Lebanon 's prime minister . `` I offered my resignation to President Aoun and they asked me to delay presenting it , to allow for more consultations and deliberations , and I agreed to their request , '' Hariri said .
The unlikely hero in all of this might well be Rex Tillerson , who quietly engineered a US policy at odds with the views of Donald Trump—and their son-in-law .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the morning ministerial plenary for the Global Coalition working to Defeat ISIS at the State Department in Washington , March 22 , 2017 . Reuters/Joshua Roberts
The exact details of how Tillerson pulled this off remain unknown ( `` I think Tillerson just told Trump what they were going to do , '' the senior diplomat with whom we spoke speculates , `` and then just did it . `` ) , even as the odds against them mount : they remain the target of former and current State Department officials for failing to fill empty Foggy Bottom offices , remains the object of rumors that they will be replaced , is widely disliked by reporters covering the State Department for their detachment ( and for refusing to approve reporters ' requests to travel with him ) , and is regularly dismissed in the diplomatic community for their style—for what is described as their `` vanishing act '' on foreign policy issues .
More crucially , Tillerson 's views are sharply at odds with a White House that has shown a willingness to take Saudi claims at face value . Which means that what was obvious in June , when the Saudis purposely shattered the Arab world 's united Sunni front against Iran , is even more obvious now—in the midst of the Hariri crisis .
`` The US is running two foreign policies in the Middle East , '' the senior diplomat with whom we spoke says . `` There 's a White House foreign policy that 's in the hands of Jared Kushner and another that is being engineered by Rex Tillerson . ''
And which foreign policy will prevail ? The question brought a laugh from the senior diplomat . It 's not really that hard to figure out , '' they said . `` Rex Tillerson will be secretary of state until they decide not to be—or gets fired . But Jared Kushner will probably be the president 's son-in-law forever . ''
Mark Perry is a foreign policy analyst , a regular contributor to The American Conservative and the author of The Pentagon 's Wars , which was released in October . They tweet @ markperrydc
Post a Job - Starting at $ 300 for 60 days
- The best way to reach PHP 's brightest devs
- Reach over 100K devs via our partner network
- @ LaravelJobs tweet to thousands of developers
- Emailed to our instant notification list
- Link in the LaraJobs newsletter ( optional )
- Link in the Laravel News newsletter ( optional )
LaraJobs is the best place to post your PHP , Laravel , or technical guru jobs . We work with major developer resource sites to find the best candidates for great jobs .
→ learn more
“ Listing our technical and non-technical jobs through LaraJobs was simple and quick , and helped us find amazing candidates .
We 've now hired three times through LaraJobs and we 'll absolutely use it again ! ”
Matt Stauffer , Tighten Co .
“ We 've had great applications via LaraJobs , it 's definitely paid for itself ! ”
Dayle Rees
Follow Us
We post cool new jobs and other interesting tidbits real time on Twitter .
What did I tell you ? In a last-ditch effort to save themselves , watchmakers are now turning to the band in order to ensure that timekeeping remains well in the realm of the mechanical .
The new band , part of the Montblanc Timewalker Urban Speed collection , is a little metal screen that can receive notifications and messages . From A Blog To Watch :
￼The e-Strap features a high-end leather strap that has a carbon fiber texture to it that Montblanc calls “ Extreme Montblanc Leather ” and is produced by them in Florence , Italy . At the bottom , sitting under your wrist is an electronic module made from DLC ( diamond like carbon ) coated steel or in gray steel . Apparently , there are a few color and size options .
I fully expect this to be the stupidest thing ever , on par with the Prada phone , and this shows exactly what companies like Montblanc are up against . Wearables are replacing some watches and the Apple Watch will replace the rest . I expect that the mechanical watch manufacturers will soon be facing a massive slowdown at best and bankruptcy at worst .
Do n't worry , though : you can buy the Montblanc band separately for about $ 300 ( the mechanical watches are about $ 3,000 ) so you can strap it to your Apple Watch .
Honestly , yeah , it would have solved so much . I mean I do n't say this from the point of view of “ I NEEDZ MOAR , GRAVITY FALLS MUST GO ON FEREVER GAIS ” , no , not at all , if they had been able to properly resolve and develop everything in two seasons I 'd be completely fine with that . I love season 2B , I really do , but there 's just a lot that feels kinda rushed , you know . Ford is the big one . Ford features heavily in four episodes . FOUR ! Other than that , he 's either absent or barely present in the episode . And introducing another main member of the family is a big deal . It would have been interesting to see how things could have developed between Ford and their family if it had been given more time . To see what might have happened with their relationship with Stan , their relationship with Dipper , and especially their relationship with Mabel , which has gotten barely any screentime , and now there wo n't be any time for them to bond or form any kind of close relationship at all . Ford 's a really fascinating character , because he 's a likeable guy with an eccentric personality , but at the same time he 's a double edged sword , with a subtle but clear darker side . And we 've never really gotten a good look at what their time in the portal has done to them psychologically , besides perhaps being a bit clueless in regards to social conduct , e.g . giving Mabel weapons , treating Dipper like he 's a full grown adult and not the growing , learning adolescent that they are , thinking the twins ' parents will be fine with having their thirteen year old son stay with him , etc . And yeah , there must have been so much more in development with Stan 's backstory that must have been dropped . Seems like they established Carla and their relationship with Stan to be important with the flashbacks in season one , then just have n't had time to do anything with that , or their character ( like seriously , given that they showed up in flashbacks twice in seasons one , it seems they must have been planning to do more with her ) . And much as I love ATOTS , it does kind of let all the emotional weight of NWHS just sort of go flaccid . Like , NWHS was virtually a season finale in terms of drama and emotional weight , and it seemed to be setting up some major stuff between Stan and the kids that just… did n't really go anywhere . And more time could have been given to Mabel 's emotional struggle , I mean it 's clear from the end of ATOTS that she 's going through some shit , but that arc tended to be shafted in order to provide room for Dipper and Ford 's relationship , with the big exceptions being perhaps Last Mabelcorn and DAMVTF when we see them struggle more with their identity and their perception of the future . It just seems like so much could have been given a lot more room in a third season . I still love the latter half of season two , I really do , but man , there are things that just needed more space than they 've been given , and a season three would have allowed for that .
VirusTotal , a Google-owned online malware scanning service , is creating a whitelist of products from large software vendors to reduce bad detections by antivirus programs .
False positive detections are common in the antivirus industry . They occur when a benign program is wrongfully flagged as malicious due to an overly broad detection signature or algorithm used in an antivirus product .
VirusTotal , which scans suspicious files uploaded by users with products from 48 antivirus vendors , invited large software makers Tuesday to add metadata about their products ' files to a new database maintained by the company .
If a file that 's later uploaded by users to be scanned with VirusTotal is in that database , the scan report will display a “ trusted source ” alert . If any antivirus products flagged the file as malicious during the scan , their detections will be considered false positives and will not be counted toward the final detection score . Vendors of the products that flagged the file as malware will be notified so that they can correct the error .
Sometimes false positive detections have serious consequences , like the deletion of critical system files or the blocking of popular websites and when that happens , they are usually reported on technology news sites , blogs and tech support forums .
However , lower impact cases of wrongful detection occur all the time . They do n't get the same visibility as the critical ones , but many users , including this reporter , have been in situations like this one :
They download a program from a legitimate source and attempt to install it , only to be stopped by an alert from their antivirus program saying it 's potentially malicious . Trying to get a second opinion , they upload the file to VirusTotal and they get a report with detections by only a handful of antivirus engines .
Are those detections false positives ? Or is the malware sample new and therefore detected only by a small number of antivirus products ? It 's hard to tell , and there are additional factors that further complicate things .
For example , some antivirus products share the same detection engine or malware signatures . This is the result of inter-vendor partnerships that regular users are often unaware of . So what appears as a malware detection by three separate products in VirusTotal could actually be the result of a single bad signature shared by all of them .
Relying on things like digital signatures to verify a file 's authenticity is not sufficient either , because not all legitimate files are signed and there have been cases of malware programs being digitally signed with certificates stolen from legitimate developers .
False positives are also a headache for antivirus vendors and software developers , not just for users . In the case of bad detections that have a widespread impact , antivirus vendors will have to deal with a surge in technical support calls and even bad press .
For software developers it can be stressful to track down the appropriate contacts at different antivirus firms spread around the globe and then to convince them to fix a false positive detection . Some developers might not even be aware for days or weeks that their products are wrongfully detected as malware , which can lead to loss of potential customers .
With VirusTotal 's new trusted source feature , antivirus vendors can be notified even before the affected software maker learns of the problem .
So far , VirusTotal has worked with Microsoft to add metadata for the company 's files to the database and the effort has already paid off .
In a single week , over 6,000 false positive detections have been identified , reported and fixed , said Emiliano Martinez , a software engineer at VirusTotal in a blog post . “ We are looking to grow our collection of trusted software ; if you happen to be a very large software development company you might want to contact us in order to share this data and help us mitigate the issue of false positives . ”
Related News
Former Super Eagles coach , Daniel Amokachi , has secured a one-year deal to handle Finnish side , JS Hercules , and is to resume immediately with the team .
The Finnish second division side , on their official website on Wednesday , announced the hiring of Amokachi and the other reshuffling in their technical crew .
“ Oulu-based football club Hercules has signed an agreement with former Nigeria national team player and Coach Daniel Amokachi .
“ The head coach for the previous season Pekka Haaranen will continue as assistant coach . Amokachi 's agreement with Hercules is one year , ” the club stated .
Amokachi , who had a short stint as interim manager for the national team , was an assistant coach to Stephen Keshi when Nigeria won Africa Cup of Nations in 2013 .
The last coaching job for the former Everton and Besiktas of Turkey player was a short spell with Nigeria Professional Football League ( NPFL ) side , FC Ifeanyi Ubah , which ended abruptly barely few weeks after the celebrated move .
Hercules , who are based in Oulu , Finland , were recently promoted to the Finnish second tier and will hope for more upward swing under their new Nigerian manager , Amokachi .
While Dan the Bull as Amokachi is fondly referred to , enjoyed much success as a player , they are yet to hit it big in coaching .
If you 're using Configuration Manager to manage clients then chances are you have the Client Access Licenses ( CALs ) to join them to the domain . However , for reasons that fall along the full spectrum of rational thought you may choose not to . Whether or not Configuration Manager can manage workgroup devices is a question that comes up fairly often on the Technet forums , Reddit , Slack , what-have-you . For the most part , Configuration Manager just does n't care whether your device is domain joined or not . Like all things however , there are exceptions to that rule and I will attempt to explain them all here . If I miss something , let me now and I 'll add it .
Network Access Accounts
Microsoft Doc : Manage accounts to access content in System Center Configuration Manager
One of the critical differences between workgroup and domain clients is how they authenticate . Particularly , how they authenticate to the distribution points ( DP ) when they need to download content . Every client will first attempt to authenticate with their local computer account . Since workgroup clients wo n't have an Active Directory ( AD ) object that will always fail . The client then retries with the Network Access Account ( NAA ) . If you have DPs in multiple domains that do n't all trust each other you will need multiple NAAs . The client will cycle through them until one of them successfully authenticates to the DP they are trying to reach . To set up your NAAs refer to the Microsoft documentation linked above .
The Network Access Accounts are sent to the clients as part of their machine policy and are stored ‘ encrypted ' in a WMI class . There are two implications that come from this . First , your NAAs should be true service accounts that are prevented from interactive logins to your domain devices . Do not trust whatever ‘ encryption ' Configuration Manager uses to safeguard the NAA credentials . Second , you do n't really ever want to change the NAA 's password . Such a change would be nearly instantaneous for the domain controllers ( replication not-withstanding ) but take hours for all your clients to get once you 've updated the account in the console . During this time they 'll be attempting to authenticate with the old , invalid password and quickly lock out the NAA account . If you need to change the password then simply create a whole new NAA , add it in Configuration Manager , and remove the original a day or two later .
When using Network Access Accounts you 'll eventually need to troubleshoot them . The easiest thing I 've found to do is to grab a content URL from LocationServices.log and try to reach it . On a domain-joined device you should just be able to download without a problem . On a workgroup device you will be prompted for credentials . Use the NAA account and verify that you can download the package data . If you ca n't , figure out why using normal IIS troubleshooting steps for permission issues .
Installing the Client
Microsoft Doc : How to install clients on workgroup computers
Client installation is one of the places where workgroup devices are most limited . All of the limitations are listed in the documentation linked above but here are the two key points of interest :
Workgroup clients can not locate management points from Active Directory Domain Services , and instead must use DNS , WINS , or another management point .
You can not use the client push installation method to install the client on workgroup computers .
What this basically means is that you are going to have to figure out some way of deploying the client outside of Configuration Manager . So hopefully you have some existing deployment solution otherwise you 're using sneakernet . Also , clients are going to need help to figure out what Management Point to talk to in order to join your site . There are a few ways to accomplish this but the two I recommend are DNS or command line parameters .
Locate Management Points via DNS
Microsoft Docs : How to configure client computers to find management points by using DNS publishing
The first option is to have your clients query DNS for their Management Points ( see documentation linked above ) . In order for that to work of course you will need to actually publish that information to DNS using the details outlined here . Once that 's in place you can use the DNSSUFFIX install parameter to tell the client which suffix to search for Management points :
CCMSetup.exe DNSSUFFIX=contoso.com
Specify Management Point via Installation Parameters
Microsoft Docs : About client installation properties
My preferred method is to simply tell the installer what Management Point to contact using installation parameters . There are two properties for Management Points which can be confusing . The first , simply /MP , tells the installer which Management Point to contact to locate the installation files . The MP will provide a list of DPs and if the client fails to get the data from the DPs it will eventually fall back and download directly from the MP . Multiple MPs can be listed here by separating them with semicolons . You can skip this if you 've included all of the source files as part of your installer package . The second parameter , SMSMP , tells the newly installed client what MP to initially connect to . It will reach out this this single MP and get the list of MPs available . So your installation command line will look a little like this :
CCMSetup.exe /mp : smsmp01.contoso.com SMSMP=smsmp01.contoso.com
Site Assignment
Once a client is installed and talking to a management point it must decide what site it will join . Similar to Management Points , there are two ways to do this .
Automatic Site Assignment via Boundary Groups
Microsoft Docs : How to assign clients to a site
The first option for assigning workgroup devices to a site is to use your boundary groups . Since by definition workgroup devices are n't joined to Active Directory Sites you 're going to have to use IP Subnet or Range boundaries for this . When using automatic assignment the clients will install , discover the Management Point , and then assign themselves to the site defined for the Boundary Group they are a member of . Remember , when using Boundary Groups for site assignment you may not overlap them .
Manually Assign Site via Installation Parameter
Call me a control freak but again my preference is to simply assign the site as part of the client installation . To do so you simply specify the 3 digit site code using the SMSSITECODE parameter which looks a lot like this :
CCMSetup.exe SMSSITECODE=XZY
Putting It All Together : Installation Parameters
If you chose to go the installation parameter route you 'll end up with something like this :
CCMSetup.exe /mp : smsmp01.contoso.com SMSMP=smsmp01.contoso.com SMSSITECODE=XZY
Client Push : What If It Did Work ?
Despite client push not being supported for workgroup devices apparently you can work around it . Remember though , you are in fully unsupported territory here but it seems pretty harmless to me :
Add a push account for % COMPUTERNAME % \ < USERNAME > for a local use with local administrator rights . Only replace < USERNAME > in the string above , leave the COMPUTERNAME wildcard as-is .
Set the installation properties using the information above .
For full details see Peter van der Woude 's post : Using Client Push Installation on WORKGROUP systems with ConfigMgr 2012 .
Approving the Client
Ok , so you 're like 15 minutes into reading this damn blog post and all we 've managed to do is install the client and get it talking to your Configuration Manager site . We 're ready to manage the heck of of these things … right ? Nope , not yet . Devices that join a Configuration Manager site must be approved . By default , devices in a domain that Configuration Manager has a trust with are automatically approved . Workgroup devices are n't in a domain at all let alone a trusted one so that 's not going to work . As if it 's some sort of theme here … there are two ways to handle this .
Manually Approving Clients
Microsoft Doc : How to manage clients
If you select a client in the console you can approve them in the ribbon or the right-click context menu . This is very manual and sounds extremely tedious if you have more than a small handful of one-off workgroup devices .
Automatically Approving All Computers
The second option is to simply change the default configuration and allow all computers to be automatically approved . This setting is explicitly labeled as ‘ not recommended ' right there in the console so you may want to think long and hard before going this route . I have n't personally thought and argued my way though all the pitfalls here but one thing 's for sure : if you enable this then anyone can join any machine to your site . I 'm not quite sure why that 's bad … but let 's just assume that 's bad . The biggest concern would seem to be the security of your service account credentials . So if you go down this road make sure the accounts you use are true service accounts that are prevented from interactive login . In any case , if you are simply out of shits to give then you can configure this by going to Administration / Site Configuration / Sites / Hierarchy Settings and selecting this option .
Approve Devices via a Script
Ok , so I lied . There 's another option here which is to simply script the approval . The only benefit I could conceive here is that you could create your own rules for validating that a client should be allowed to join your site . I 'm lazy so I did n't look that hard but 10 seconds of searching return a script by Peter van der Woude : Approve , Block , Unapprove , or Unblock a Client in ConfigMgr 2012 via PowerShell . That 's two links now to Peter 's stuff … must be a Dutch thing .
Upgrading the Client
Microsoft Doc : Upgrade clients in System Center Configuration Manager
As the documentation above states , there are a few different ways to upgrade the Configuration Manager clients . Unless you have some crazy “ I 'm a special little snowflake ” requirements you should be using the built-in automatic client upgrade process . When doing so the first thing you may choose to do is to test client upgrades in a pre-production collection to make sure the new client works as expected . I mean let 's be real here … not every release of Current Branch has been perfect and early adopters have most certainly been bitten . Unfortunately , your workgroup clients must be kept out of the party . It strikes me as an odd limitation since your workgroup devices have the Network Access Account but they are unable to download the pre-production client data . If you try they will simply repeatedly fail and continually generate failure status messages . Once you promote the pre-production client to be the production client your workgroup devices will automatically upgrade just fine .
Other Limitations
Ok , I 've spent roughly 1,700 words and untold minutes of your life just to get a client installed and talking to your site . It all sounds like , and truly is , a huge pain but the good news is that we 're pretty much done here . There are only a few more caveats to outline . Again , if you know of something I 've missed leave a comment and I 'll look into it .
Deploying Software To Users
Since you ca n't sync local user accounts into Configuration Manager , software can only be targeted at Active Directory users . That precludes workgroup devices from receiving user-based deployments .
Remote Control Viewers
Related to the software deployment limitation , workgroup computers will not be able to authenticate domain users that are configured as Remote Control viewers . You can remotely control workgroup computers , you just need to define a local account to authenticate to . When connecting to workgroup devices you must preface the username with either the name of the device or simply ‘ localhost ' . For example : ‘ localhost\DGA ' . My recommendation is to create a shared local user that does not have rights to log in interactively … yet another theme here . This allows for a widely shared set of credentials that do n't have any real rights to do anything . You will still need a credentials of a local account to login if the device is unattended .
A solid foundation of chords is crucial for you to fulfil your potential as a guitarist . In this post we are going to go through the order in which I recommend you learn the fundamental chords on the guitar .
This is the order of chords I teach my private students on a daily basis . It is part of the big picture of learning guitar and it something I use as part of my number 1 checklist .
Guitar Chords Chart For Beginners
Use this post as a reference and bookmark it if you need to . If you are looking for a guitar chords chart for beginners this is for you . You can even download a super high resolution cheat sheet at the bottom of this post for free .
When creating this list of chords for beginner guitarists , I used 2 pieces of criteria to determine the order ( in general ) in which a new student should learn them .
The criteria are :
Real World Use – This is the main criteria I used . Some chords are incredibly easy to play , and use just 1 finger . They often sound a bit crap and are never used in songs . If that ` s the case they have been left out completely . This list of chords is based around really popular chords that are used in the real world on a day-to-day basis and are chords you really must know .
Ease of playability – In general the chords start off easy and get harder as we go along . There are obvious exceptions , however the exceptions relate to real world use as described above . For example , a Dsus2 chord is easier to play than a D chord but is less commonly used ; therefore it is further down the list . In general though , the chords do get harder to play as we go through the list .
These are not the only chords you should ever learn – far from it .
Learning Guitar Chords
These are just the core beginner guitar chords that are the foundations of nearly all music we hear in the western world . Genres from rock , pop , blues , jazz , country , metal , soul and more base their sound around the chords on this chart .
There will be chords NOT on this list that you may know , and there may be other chords that you want to learn to increase your repertoire , and that ` s ok .
Just don ` t spend too much of your time focusing on learning lots and lots of chords that don ` t feature on this list .
If you have played guitar for less than two years and still consider yourself to be in the beginner guitarist category , then the time to learn new chords that are not the essential chords in this chart is when you are learning a new song , and come across one then…
Or
…When you are writing a song and want to get a specific certain flavour that you can not draw from any of these chords .
There are so many other fundamental skills that every guitarist should master from strumming , theory , fretboard , scales , arpeggios , rhythm , writing , arranging , and plenty more , it makes no sense to focus on learning too many chords apart from the crucial chords that you really should know .
Most of you will be able to read chord diagrams but for the absolute beginners out there , take a look at this explanation if you don ` t know how to read them .
Beginner Guitar Chords
If you have played for more than two years , and/or consider yourself to be an intermediate or expert guitarist , then feel free to learn all the chords you like , but ensure you know all the chords here first as you do not want to run before you can walk .
Most of these chords are easy guitar chords for beginners , but still , take your time and master and learn to change chords quickly before adding any new chords into your repertoire .
The Checklist is coming soon and it is a free resource that will guide you from being a beginner guitarist all the way to being an intermediate player .
Check back here soon to see ` The Checklist ` or join the mailing to be informed when the post is released .
Click here to join the mailing list to be notified when The Checklist blog post is out .
Click the following link to download your beginner guitar chord chart for free ( right-click the link and hit ` save as ` ) . You can print it out , use it as a screensaver , or get it tattooed down your arm if you really like .
Also , feel free to use the chord chart on your own website , but please link back to this page if you do so .
( Visited 67,165 time , 226 visit today )
About
Yes , we will make this product and here is the opportunity to vote with your dollars : We love people and we want the law respected ( or changed ) . `` Build The Wall '' represents this `` respect the laws or change them '' screw the political correct bullsh-t attitude .
`` Protecting our borders from the illegal movement of weapons , drugs , contraband , and people , while promoting lawful entry and exit , is essential to homeland security , economic prosperity , and national sovereignty . '' -- https : //www.dhs.gov/border-security
Security is important and we are surprised that so many fellow citizens in the United States do not support a stronger process to manage the lawful travel of people over the border . Here is the opportunity to vote with your dollars and share with friends .
Perfect gift for a San Francisco , Seattle , or NYC birthday party with this fun novelty toy : )
Former Gov . Deval Patrick 's name has quickly emerged as a potential U.S. Supreme Court nominee after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia , a suggestion hailed by local Democrats while others say it would give a Republican Senate all the ammo it needs to stall the nomination process .
“ He has such a strong background in constitutional law , civil rights , civil liberties . They would be an outstanding member of the court , I believe , ” said Phillip Johnston , former chairperson of the Massachusetts Democratic Party , who , like Patrick , served in an appointed post under President Bill Clinton . “ I do n't have any idea whether Deval would want it , but if they did want it , I think those of us who know them well would applaud the nomination very vigorously . ”
Scott Ferson , former press secretary for the late U.S. Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and an adviser to congressional campaigns , said Patrick may be an appealing nominee because they are accustomed to politically motivated grilling and does n't have a long history of judicial decisions that can be picked apart .
“ That 's a strength , ” Ferson said . “ He 's young , he 's a man of substance , so yeah , I think Deval Patrick could be a great candidate . ”
Yesterday , the two-term Bay State governor 's name was mentioned by a range of media outlets , including The Washington Post and The Associated Press .
A Bain Capital spokesperson , Ernesto Anguilla , said yesterday Patrick has no comment on the Supreme Court rumors .
Patrick 's name has been repeatedly floated in the past for Obama appointments ranging from the Supreme Court to attorney general , as well as a potential 2016 presidential or vice presidential candidate , but they ultimately insisted on returning to private life . Obama 's 2008 “ Yes We Can ” campaign was patterned after Patrick 's 2006 gubernatorial “ Together We Can ” campaign , and they shared key advisers . Patrick later campaigned vigorously for Obama in their 2012 re-election effort . While Obama has appointed a white and a Hispanic woman , the first black president has yet to name a black justice to the court .
But Patrick 's liberal ideology and ties to Obama — they share a close friendship as well as Harvard and Chicago ties — would make them a polarizing nominee that would embolden the Senate to stall confirmation until a new president takes office , said Patrick Griffin , a former campaign consultant to both Bush presidents .
“ Deval Patrick has about as much chance of being confirmed by a Republican United States Senate as Hillary Clinton does being the role model for the Girl Scouts of America . It 's just not going to happen , ” Griffin said . They said Obama “ would have to nominate someone who 's fairly moderate … ( Patrick ) would be a judicial activist of the highest order . ”
Patrick served in the U.S. Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division under President Clinton and went on to work as a private civil rights attorney , advising corporate clients . After leaving the Corner Office last year , they joined private equity giant Bain Capital as a managing director after deciding not to run for a third term .
Love yourself .
That 's the message Dane Woodland is sharing this week , following their recent top surgery — a mastectomy and chest sculpting procedure for which they had been fundraising for the past year .
Woodland , who was born female but identifies as male , recently travelled to Mississauga , Ontario to have the operation .
The surgery removed both breasts and contoured their chest to give it a more masculine appearance .
After returning to St. John 's following the surgery , they reached a significant milestone in their journey by officially completing the paperwork to change their birth certificate from female to male .
The changes come after a year in which Woodland said they worked hard to improve their own self-image .
Road to surgery started last year
Woodland says they hope sharing their story will help others in the transgender community . ( Dane Woodland/Submitted )
Woodland said they were feeling very self-conscious and anxious about their physical appearance around this time last year .
Like many people in their early 20s , they had a busy lifestyle : studying at Memorial University , working as a personal trainer at a fitness centre and bartending downtown on the weekends .
At work and in public , they said their gender dysphoria made it difficult to be fully comfortable as they are .
For the last year , he 's worn a binder under their clothes to conceal their breasts .
As a personal trainer , however , Woodland said wearing it could be quite frustrating .
The binder often gave them rashes and affected their breathing as well as the type of clothes they could wear .
They decided they wanted to have top surgery to help them feel more comfortable in their own skin .
Difficult to receive government funding
Woodland , pictured here after their top surgery , funded the expensive procedure through fundraising events in St. John 's and a GoFundMe page . ( Dane Woodland/Submitted )
Although the federal government provides funding for a transgender mastectomy , the process comes with long wait times .
Woodland said this was hard to accept , given their mental and physical health .
`` There was no help from public health care , '' they said .
`` There is a wait list of about two to five years to get into the Canadian Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto to get diagnosed and then be referred . ''
The funding also does n't include contouring : the chest sculpting procedure that many female-to-male transgender people get following a mastectomy .
Due to this , Woodland decided to create a GoFundMe page to raise money to have the surgery sooner , at a private clinic .
`` I was going through a lot emotionally , it was very difficult for me , '' they said .
`` With the opportunity to raise the money and get the surgery sooner , I definitely went for it because I ca n't imagine waiting any longer than that . ''
Through GoFundMe and other community fundraising events , Woodland was able to reach their goal .
The total cost of the surgery , not including transportation and after-surgery care , came to $ 7,910 .
Surgery has increased confidence
Woodland says they feel much more comfortable at work and out in public since receiving top surgery . ( Ted Dillon/CBC )
Since having the surgery just over two weeks ago , Woodland said they already feel a lot better .
Many of the things that once made them hesitate , like showing their ID at airports or seeing themselves in the mirror at work , are easier now .
`` The gym is full of mirrors , so I was constantly looking out of the corner of my eye , or checking my shirt , or adjusting my jacket , '' they said .
`` I used to wear a jacket always when I was working , to make sure I was covering my chest and stuff like that to feel confident . ''
`` I 'm wearing tighter clothing [ now ] and I 'm feeling a lot more comfortable and confident . ''
They said most members of their gym have been incredibly supportive .
`` Even people that I probably made the mistake of judging and assumed they probably would n't be supportive of me , took the time to come over and introduce themselves and say , ' I 'm here if you need anything . ' ''
Woodland said he 's learned a lot in the past year and is trying their best to become a more visible advocate for the transgender community .
`` A lot of people have said to me they 've learned stuff that they would have never otherwise had an opportunity to learn , '' they said . `` They 've been motivated to do things differently and see things differently . ''
`` I had one client in particular , I remember they were having a conversation with me about a family member who was coping with someone who was coming out as gay , and they kind of looked at me and said , 'What do you think ? Is it okay for people to be gay ? ' and I said , 'well ... let me tell you something . '' '
Thankful for support from loved ones
Heather Alexander , Woodland 's partner , says she 's been with them every step of the way . ( Ted Dillon/CBC )
Woodland has begun speaking at schools and said he 's often approached by others going through the same thing .
They said it 's helped them realize how lucky he 's been to receive support from family and loved ones .
Woodland 's partner , Heather Alexander , has been with them since the beginning .
The pair started dating shortly after Woodland started transitioning and Alexander said she 's never once changed how they felt about him .
`` Before they had the top surgery , they put a lot of pressure on themselves to look a certain way just because of their dysphoria , '' they said .
`` I try to just tell him , 'You 're pushing for something bigger than yourself . It 's not just about what you 're facing on a daily basis . It 's how you represent a community that may not be so comfortable and confident to speak out . ' ''
After a year in which he 's experienced a huge physical and emotional transformation , Woodland says they have a few key takeaways .
`` It 's important to love yourself in every form , '' they said . `` Our bodies may not be the ideal of perfection , so I think it 's important to have that self-acceptance . ''
`` That 's the biggest priority and the biggest thing I ` ve learned in the last year . ''
“ I used to daydream as a boy in Cavite City of being here receiving an Oscar and here I am living the dream ! ” Ronnie del Carmen said backstage at the 88th Academy Awards where “ Inside Out , ” which they codirected , won the best animated feature prize .
The University of Santo Tomas alumnus has racked up several firsts in their career—including being the first Filipino to codirect a film at Pixar Studios , the animation movie powerhouse , and the first Filipino to earn an Oscar best original screenplay nomination for “ Inside Out , ” which they shared with Pete Docter , Meg LeFauve and Josh Cooley .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This day is incredible ! ” Del Carmen said . “ Inside Out 's ” triumph marked the eighth time Pixar has won the best animated feature trophy .
“ I am so grateful to be part of this movie , working with Pete Docter and being part of Pixar ! This movie would not be made if our champion , John Lasseter ( chief creative officer ) , did not push for it and support it all the way , ” they added .
Ronnie and wife Theresa proudly wore creations by Hollywood red carpet designer , Filipino Oliver Tolentino . Ronnie wore a midnight blue tux jacket , made of piña , the Filipino fabric made from pineapple leaves , while Theresa stunned in a green lace gown .
The Cavite City native said that at the Academy 's hot ticket bash after the show , the Governors Ball , and several Oscar after-parties , many admired their tuxedo by Tolentino .
“ As an immigrant from the Philippines , I kept my goals modest and stayed realistic , ” Del Carmen said about their journey from Cavite to being one of the top animators and storytellers in the United States .
“ Because where I come from , we worked so hard for so little back then . So this means so much to our family , for our story , ” they added .
For parents , PH
“ This is for my parents who worked so hard to save us ; my country where so many are like me wishing for what seems impossible . For my people in the Philippines , I can tell you—dreams keep you going . Awards or no awards , let this be a point of reference that anyone can dream the impossible . Do the work , be as good as you can be , fail and learn as you go and you 'll get to a grand place where you 've become the dream . ' Maraming salamat po . Mabuhay ! ” Del Carmen said .
They added : “ I owe all this to my parents , Rogelio and Lilia , and my siblings—Lulu , Rick , Louie and Nancy . But most of all , my love and partner through all challenges , my wife Tess , and the joy and pride of our lives , my children Geo and Gerin . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Docter and “ Inside Out ” producer , Jonas Rivera , talked about Del Carmen 's contributions to the movie in the backstage press room at the Oscars .
“ Ronnie should be up here , too , ” Rivera told the Inquirer . “ He should be , absolutely , ” Docter chimed in .
“ Ronnie is an essential part of the movie , ” Rivera said . “ He contributed so much to the emotion , the heart of the movie and we are incredibly lucky to work with him . ”
‘ Up '
Docter acknowledged Del Carmen 's contributions “ to this film and to ‘ Up , ' our last film . Ronnie is one of the great visual storytellers in animation . They come proudly from the Philippines , as you know . ”
“ First of all , I apologize , we are a little bit out of our heads , ” Docter said as they replied to the Inquirer about Del Carmen as a reflection of the diverse talent pool at Pixar in a night where diversity—or the lack if it—was the main topic . ”
“ I mean , you look at all the nominees tonight in animation . There 's a lot of talk about ( the lack of diversity ) . But you see in this category films from around the world , from Japan , Latin America and from good old California . We are proud to be among that group . ”
“ I think animation leans that way . Ronnie is a great artist who represents that . We create stories that come from everywhere . Someone like Ronnie really brings that to Pixar . We are proud of them and they are definitely sharing this with us . ”
In girl 's brain
The Oscar victory of “ Inside Out , ” set inside the brain of an 11-year-old , and which has earned acclaim since it debuted in May last year , was an especially sweet moment for Del Carmen . When they were a teenager , their family 's financial misfortune forced them to delay college and take odd jobs .
“ I had a rough childhood though many of the early years were idyllic for me , ” Del Carmen recounted .
“ When the hardships came and hung around for years , we had to make do with whatever fortune brought us . You learned to appreciate a break when it came your way . You 'll never know when fate will turn sour on you . That 's why I work hard and a lot . I like to achieve personal goals which , in the end , is what matters the most , ” they said .
Daydreaming
They remember always being interested in drawing and telling stories . “ My father read a lot , ” they said .
“ I just naturally emulated him . I often daydreamed when I was alone . I spun tales of adventures and created sci-fi worlds . When fortunes went bad , I imagined ways that a long-lost relative was going to show up and dig us out of our money-strapped life . ”
“ My dad was very concerned because my penmanship was horrible in contrast to my drawings . My mom loves to tell stories . She 's the natural storyteller in the family . They can hold court in any gathering for hours on end about family . ”
At 16 , Del Carmen painted sets and props for Francis Ford Coppola 's “ Apocalypse Now , ” which was being shot then in the Philippines . They did not meet Coppola but they saw Dean Tavoularis , the Oscar-winning production designer of “ Apocalypse Now ” and “ The Godfather ” films .
When they immigrated to the United States , Del Carmen 's talent and hard work helped them rise from various jobs to a position at Pixar , which is based in Northern California .
RELATED STORIES
Fil-Am wins Golden Globe award for best animated film
Ronnie del Carmen on Oscar nod : I 'm the luckiest man on Earth
UST honors Filipino director of ‘ Inside Out '
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
PEARCE Hanley 's bid to be Ireland 's greatest AFL footballer has become a family feud after the Lions signed their teenage brother Cian , who is considered one of Gaelic football 's brightest stars .
Brisbane will have to wait 12 months before Cian is ready to kick their first Sherrin after the 17-year-old suffered an ACL injury in the Ireland minor ( under-18s ) semi-final last week .
The Lions have also confirmed their interest in Essendon star Paddy Ryder , who is reportedly seeking a fresh start and has strong links to the Sunshine State through their wife , who is a Queenslander .
Cian Hanley captained County Mayo 's under-18s and is considered one of the best under-age players in the Gaelic Athletic Association .
Lions football manager Dean Warren said the injury was a setback but did not alter Brisbane 's plans to bring Cian to Australia on an International Rookie contract when the players return from their annual leave .
“ It is really shattering for him , but we have made a commitment to them and we will stick by him , '' they said .
“ It is an opportunity for us , they will be able to do a lot of skill acquisition training and work in the gym so we do n't think we 'll lose that much time because of the injury . ''
Warren said Lions scouts had identified Cian as an outstanding prospect for the transition to AFL and were sold when Pearce , who has now joined the AFL 's elite , returned home from their Christmas holidays last year and declared Cian had breezed through the off-season training program devised by Lions fitness coach Brett Burton .
media_camera Pearce Hanley has elevated themselves into the elite bracket . Picture : Colleen Petch .
“ I may have them covered for pace , but endurance wise , they were light years in front of me , '' Pearce said .
“ I 'm thrilled I can be here to help them out but having family here , and another Irishman , will be great for me too .
“ I have missed out on watching them play their football so far , so I am really looking forward to that also . ”
Warren confirmed the Lions ' interest in Ryder , whose management is exploring a clause in their contract that could allow the ruckman to leave Essendon at the end of the season as a delisted free agent .
The key Bomber , who signed a four-year contract in 2012 , could leave the club on the grounds it seriously breached its duty of care to them through the 2011-12 supplements scandal .
“ If Paddy Ryder wanted to leave Essendon and we are their preferred club , we will obviously be looking to see what we can do . They are a fantastic player , '' Warren said .
It is understood new Lions CEO Greg Swann has already met Ryder 's management company .
Originally published as Lions Cian on another Hanley
Maketto waiter Malcolm Mattison answers a customer 's questions near the bar by the open kitchen . ( Dixie D. Vereen/For The Washington Post )
It 's a retail stop ! And a coffee bar with pastries ! And — best of all — a Southeast Asian restaurant from the dude behind Toki Underground !
While Maketto took its sweet time opening on H Street NE ( Toki chef Erik Bruner-Yang had initially forecast an early 2013 due date ) , once customers see the breadth of the idea , they 're likely to forget having been teased for so long .
Bruner-Yang partnered with Will Sharp of the Durkl streetwear line to create an all-day , two-story , indoor-outdoor venue that opens with mostly menswear ( sorry , ladies ) , a dining room and an al fresco communal table on the ground floor and climbs to a java joint . It 's run by local roaster Chris Vigilante , with baked goods supplied by Frenchie 's Artisan Pastries & Desserts .
[ Maketto at midday : No lines , laid-back vibes and prime people-watching ]
Chef Erik Bruner-Yang of Toki Underground is a partner behind the new venture . ( Dixie D. Vereen/For The Washington Post )
An exterior catwalk connects to a deck that has “ rent me for a cocktail party ” written all over it . “ There are n't too many public spaces where you can just go and do nothing , ” says Bruner-Yang of the deck , which is now the site for free yoga on Sundays at 4 p.m . The open-air setting will gain a regular Sunday farm market sometime in May , showcasing some of the same ingredients used at Maketto .
Not since Rose 's Luxury began dishing out pork and litchi salad has a new place to eat garnered such broad exposure . “ Look at you , on H Street ! ” one suit says to another in Maketto 's spare white-bricked dining room . The bar-of-soap-sized menu opens like an accordion . One side lists cocktails and drinking vinegars in flavors including hibiscus and pumpkin . The other divides dishes by small or large “ format , ” everything prepared in an exhibition kitchen beyond the courtyard .
Maketto 's red curry soup is paired with a whole young chicken . ( Dixie D. Vereen/For The Washington Post )
A green salad with tamarind dressing is a modest pleasure . Pickled vegetables , on the other hand , deliver sparks : sour carrots , turnips fermented in buckwheat tea and butternut squash flavored with shrimp paste . Red curry soup swells with a whole baby chicken , shredded cabbage , a fistful of tropical herbs and julienned ginger . Waves of heat wash over the tongue as you take it all in . Whole fried red snapper looks like a float , festooned as the fish is with pickled peppercorns and both pickled and fried garlic slices . ( Only local and sustainable fish are featured . ) The most expensive entree , an American Wagyu bao platter , costs $ 32 , not bad for a party of steamed buns presented in an arc with slices of rich beef , tangy shredded cabbage , hoisin and more .
[ At Maketto , selling sneakers , dinner and the highly curated life ]
At $ 35 , the American Wagyu bao platter is the priciest item on the menu at Maketto . ( Dixie D. Vereen/For The Washington Post )
Instead of ordering dessert , I opt to shop . The wares — shoes and sharpies on street level , grooming supplies and backpacks on the second — are curious .
The novelties include an outdoor vending machine with sundries ranging from lucky cat charms to condoms . This early fan of the restaurant ca n't imagine anyone pushing the button for item A3 , which issues . . . Pepto Bismol .
1351 H St. NE . 202-838-9972. maketto1351.com . Entrees , $ 12 to $ 32 .
33 writers . 5 designers . 6-word science fiction .
We 'll be brief : Hemingway once wrote a story in just six words ( `` For sale : baby shoes , never worn . '' ) and is said to have called it their best work . So we asked sci-fi , fantasy , and horror writers from the realms of books , TV , movies , and games to take a shot themselves .
Dozens of our favorite auteurs put their words to paper , and five master graphic designers took them to the drawing board . Sure , Arthur C. Clarke refused to trim their ( `` God said , 'Cancel Program GENESIS . ' The universe ceased to exist . `` ) , but the rest are concise masterpieces .
Failed SAT . Lost scholarship . Invented rocket .
- William Shatner
Computer , did we bring batteries ? Computer ?
- Eileen Gunn
Vacuum collision . Orbits diverge . Farewell , love .
- David Brin
Gown removed carelessly . Head , less so .
- Joss Whedon
Automobile warranty expires . So does engine .
- Stan Lee
Machine . Unexpectedly , I 'd invented a time
- Alan Moore
Longed for him . Got him . Shit .
- Margaret Atwood
Their penis snapped off ; he 's pregnant !
- Rudy Rucker
From torched skyscrapers , men grew wings .
- Gregory Maguire
Internet “ wakes up ? ” Ridicu -
no carrier .
- Charles Stross
With bloody hands , I say good-bye .
- Frank Miller
Wasted day . Wasted life . Dessert , please .
- Steven Meretzky
“ Cellar ? ” “ Gate to , uh … hell , actually . ”
- Ronald D. Moore
Epitaph : Foolish humans , never escaped Earth .
- Vernor Vinge
It cost too much , staying human .
- Bruce Sterling
We kissed . They melted . Mop please !
- James Patrick Kelly
It 's behind you ! Hurry before it
- Rockne S. O'Bannon
I 'm your future , child . Do n't cry .
- Stephen Baxter
1940 : Young Hitler ! Such a cantor !
- Michael Moorcock
Lie detector eyeglasses perfected : Civilization collapses .
- Richard Powers
I 'm dead . I 've missed you . Kiss … ?
- Neil Gaiman
The baby 's blood type ? Human , mostly .
- Orson Scott Card
Kirby had never eaten toes before .
- Kevin Smith
Rained , rained , rained , and never stopped .
- Howard Waldrop
To save humankind they died again .
- Ben Bova
We went solar ; sun went nova .
- Ken MacLeod
Husband , transgenic mistress ; wife : “ You cow ! ”
- Paul Di Filippo
“ I could n't believe she 'd shoot me . ”
- Howard Chaykin
Do n't marry them Buy a house .
- Stephen R. Donaldson
Broken heart , 45 , WLTM disabled man .
- Mark Millar
TIME MACHINE REACHES FUTURE ! ! ! … nobody there …
- Harry Harrison
Tick tock tick tock tick tick .
- Neal Stephenson
Easy . Just touch the match to
- Ursula K. Le Guin
Special Web-only edition : We were unable to include these 59 stories in the print magazine .
New genes demand expression – third eye .
- Greg Bear
K.I.A . Baghdad , Aged 18 - Closed Casket
- Richard K. Morgan
WORLD 'S END . Sic transit gloria Monday .
- Gregory Benford
Epitaph : They should n't have fed it .
- Brian Herbert
Batman Sues Batsignal : Demands Trademark Royalties .
- Cory Doctorow
Heaven falls . Details at eleven .
- Robert Jordan
Bush told the truth . Hell froze .
- William Gibson
whorl . Help ! I 'm caught in a time
- Darren Aronofsky and Ari Handel
Nevertheless , they tried a third time .
- James P. Blaylock
God to Earth : “ Cry more , noobs ! ”
- Marc Laidlaw
Help ! Trapped in a text adventure !
- Marc Laidlaw
Thought I was right . I was n't .
- Graeme Gibson
Lost , then found . Too bad .
- Graeme Gibson
Three to Iraq . One came back .
- Graeme Gibson
Rapture postponed . Ark demanded ! Which one ?
- David Brin
Dinosaurs return . Want their oil back .
- David Brin
Bang postponed . Not Big enough . Reboot .
- David Brin
Temporal recursion . I 'm dad and mom ?
- David Brin
Time Avenger 's mistaken ! It was n't me ...
- David Brin
Democracy postponed . Whence franchise ? Ask Diebold ...
- David Brin
Cyborg seeks egg donor , object ___ .
- David Brin
Deadline postponed . Five words enough ... ?
- David Brin
Metrosexuals notwithstanding , quiche still lacks something .
- David Brin
Brevity 's virtue ? Wired saves adspace . Subscribe !
- David Brin
Death postponed . Metastasized cells got organized .
- David Brin
Microsoft gave us Word . Fiat lux ?
- David Brin
Mind of its own . Damn lawnmower .
- David Brin
Singularity postponed . Datum missing . Query Godoogle ?
- David Brin
Please , this is everything , I swear .
- Orson Scott Card
I saw , darling , but do lie .
- Orson Scott Card
Osama 's time machine : President Gore concerned .
- Charles Stross
Sum of all fears : AND patented .
- Charles Stross
Ships fire ; princess weeps , between stars .
- Charles Stross
Mozilla devastates Redmond , Google 's nuke implicated .
- Charles Stross
Will this do ( lazy writer asked ) ?
- Ken MacLeod
Cryonics : Disney thawed . Mickey gnawed . Omigawd .
- Eileen Gunn
WIRED stimulates the planet : Utopia blossoms !
- Paul Di Filippo
Clones demand rights : second Emancipation Proclamation .
- Paul Di Filippo
MUD avatars rebel : virtual Independence Day .
- Paul Di Filippo
We crossed the border ; they killed us .
- Howard Waldrop
H-bombs dropped ; we all died .
- Howard Waldrop
Your house is mine : soft revolution .
- Howard Waldrop
Warskiing ; log ; prop in face .
- Howard Waldrop
The Axis in WWII : haiku ! Gesundheit .
- Howard Waldrop
Salinger story : three koans in fountain .
- Howard Waldrop
Finally , they had no more words .
- Gregory Maguire
There were only six words left .
- Gregory Maguire
In the beginning was the word .
- Gregory Maguire
Commas , see , add , like , nada , okay ?
- Gregory Maguire
Weeping , Bush misheard Cheney 's deathbed advice .
- Gregory Maguire
Corpse parts missing . Doctor buys yacht .
- Margaret Atwood
Starlet sex scandal . Giant squid involved .
- Margaret Atwood
They read their obituary with confusion .
- Steven Meretzky
Time traveler 's thought : `` What 's the password ? ''
- Steven Meretzky
I win lottery . Sun goes nova .
- Steven Meretzky
Steve ignores editor 's word limit and
- Steven Meretzky
Leia : `` Baby 's yours . '' Luke : `` Bad news… ''
- Steven Meretzky
Parallel universe . Bush , destitute , joins army .
- Steven Meretzky
Dorothy : `` Fuck it , I 'll stay here . ''
- Steven Meretzky
Contributors
To produce our special collection of 6-word sci-fi stories , we enlisted some of our favorite writers and graphic designers .
MARGARET ATWOOD 's sixth collection of short fiction , The Tent , was published in January .
STEPHEN BAXTER has written more than a dozen sci-fi novels and more than 100 short stories .
BEN BOVA received the Arthur C. Clarke Lifetime Achievement Award for their many books and anthologies .
DAVID BRIN earned a doctorate in space physics from UC San Diego before becoming an award-winning sci-fi author .
ORSON SCOTT CARD is the author of Ender 's Game and last year 's comic Ultimate Iron Man .
HOWARD CHAYKIN 's five-issue adaptation of DC Comics ' Hawkgirl concluded this summer .
ARTHUR C. CLARKE is the author of dozens of novels , most notably 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
PAUL DI FILIPPO 's newest batch of stories , Shuteye for the Timebroker , was released in April .
STEPHEN R. DONALDSON 's eighth installment in the Thomas Covenant series will be published in 2007 – just two more to go .
STEPHEN DOYLE , the creative director at Doyle Partners , is a former associate art director of Rolling Stone .
FROST DESIGN is an Australia-based firm whose clients include Nike and Phaidon Press .
NEIL GAIMAN is the author of American Gods and the recently published Fragile Things .
EILEEN GUNN was Microsoft 's director of advertising and sales promotion before becoming a prolific science-fiction writer .
HARRY HARRISON is the author of Make Room ! Make Room ! , the basis for the film Soylent Green .
JAMES PATRICK KELLY 's latest short story , `` The Leila Torn Show , '' was featured in the June issue of Asimov 's .
CHIP KIDD is a Manhattan-based graphic artist who specializes in book-cover design .
STAN LEE is the cocreator of comic book icons Spider-Man , Daredevil , and the X-Men .
URSULA K. LE GUIN created the fictional world of Earthsea ; Voices , their latest novel , was just released .
KEN MACLEOD 's most recent book , Learning the World , was nominated for a 2006 Hugo Award for Best Novel .
JOHN MAEDA is a computer scientist and graphic designer based at the MIT Media Lab .
GREGORY MAGUIRE 's revisionist fairy-tale novels include Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister and Wicked .
STEVEN MERETZKY is the designer behind text-based videogames like A Mind Forever Voyaging and Planetfall .
MARK MILLAR wrote the comics Ultimate X-Men and Civil War .
FRANK MILLER 's graphic novels include Batman : The Dark Knight Returns , 300 , Ronin , and the Sin City series .
MICHAEL MOORCOCK created the Elric series and has won the British Fantasy Society 's Best Novel award four times .
ALAN MOORE is the author of the graphic novels V for Vendetta , Watchmen , and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen .
RONALD D. MOORE is the creator of the reimagined TV series Battlestar Galactica and its forthcoming spinoff , Caprica .
ROCKNE S. O'BANNON is the writer and producer behind the sci-fi series Alien Nation , seaQuest DSV , and Farscape .
RICHARD POWERS ' most recent novel is The Echo Maker , about a man with an unusual brain disorder . ( For a Q & A with Powers , click here . )
RUDY RUCKER 's latest book is the nonfiction The Lifebox , the Seashell , and the Soul .
WILLIAM SHATNER played Captain James T. Kirk on the original Star Trek TV series .
KEVIN SMITH , aka Silent Bob , directed Mallrats , Chasing Amy , Clerks , and Clerks II .
NEAL STEPHENSON 's works include Cryptonomicon , Snow Crash , and the Baroque Cycle .
BRUCE STERLING is a Wired contributing editor and wrote the cover story for the magazine 's first issue .
CHARLES STROSS ' latest novel , Glasshouse , was published this summer .
TOMATO designed the first wristwatch with an electronic-paper display .
VERNOR VINGE 's earliest works , like 1981 's True Names , helped trigger the cyberpunk explosion .
HOWARD WALDROP received a 1980 Nebula Award for their story The Ugly Chickens .
JOSS WHEDON is the creator of three TV series : Angel , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and Firefly .
Three California Democrats threatened Donald Trump in the last few days should they fire the deputy AG Rod Rosenstein or the Special Counsel Robert Mueller . Trump sent off a few tweets that has the media and Democrats apoplectic .
We 've yet to see if Rosenstein and Mueller set Trump up . Many swear by the trustworthiness of both men . It does , however , appear to be a set up to a lot of Americans .
Rep. Ted Lieu , a California Rep. , said Friday that Congress would “ begin impeachment proceedings ” against President Trump if they fire special counsel Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .
“ All Americans , regardless of party , agree on the fundamental principle that no one is above the law , ” Lieu said on MSNBC . “ And if President Trump were to fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein , and then [ get ] special counsel Mueller fired , I believe Congress would begin impeachment proceedings . ”
Rep. Adam Schiff , also from Commiefornia , said Friday that Congress would “ unite to stop [ Trump ] if they tried to fire the two men .
“ It has become clear that President Trump believes that they have the power to fire anyone in government they choose and for any reason , including special counsel Robert Mueller , ” Schiff said in a statement . “ That is not how the rule of law works , and Congress will not allow the president to so egregiously overstep their authority . ”
“ If President Trump were to try to replicate [ former President Richard ] Nixon 's Saturday Night Massacre by firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in addition to Mueller , Congress must unite to stop them – without respect to party , and for the sake of the nation , ” they said .
They seem confident that they have Republicans on board .
In the Senate , another California Democrat Sen. Dianne Feinstein threatened Trump “ The message the president is sending through their tweets is that they believe the rule of law does n't apply to them and that anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired . That 's undemocratic on its face and a blatant violation of the president 's oath of office , ” Feinstein said in a statement Friday . “ It 's becoming clear to me that the president has embarked on an effort to undermine anyone with the ability to bring any misdeeds to light , be that Congress , the media or the Justice Department . The Senate should not let that happen . We 're a nation of laws that apply equally to everyone , a lesson the president would be wise to learn , ” they said . The President can fire whoever they want . Normally we 'd say Trump has nothing to worry about since Republicans have the majority in the congress . But then we thought about whom the Republicans are . Trump would have every right to fire these two . Why did Rosenstein hire Mueller knowing they are friends with Comey ? Mueller should have recused themselves according to the rules of the DoJ . Mueller is even hiring Democrat donors to investigate the case/s . At least one of the lawyers is sketchy . Maybe Judge Jeanine is right
Dive into an emulator of obscure research hardware dredged off the net .
Uncovering remote 3D scans excavated from the ＲＥＬＩＣＳ virtual machine , you trespass among fragmented ruins ; transmissions of a long-frozen data stream .
But when the stream begins to thaw , no system can handle this overflow ...
Heads Up : if you have mouse problems , try the _KBM version , the non-kbm version tries to autodetect controllers and it can end up disabling the mouse input .
I 'll work on a proper fix since only a Windows build with controller detection is up right now .
About the prototype
The prototype has a start and end , the average first-time playthrough tends to be 30 to 60 minutes . It 's also pretty old ( 2012 ) and not very representative of where the project is currently . ( all video and screenshots are from the full game )
Development is streamed usually thursday-sundays , follow & join the discord to keep in touch http : //www.twitch.tv/xra_
http : //www.brokendimension.com
BURNING AMP TAKES PLACE with expanded hours of 8:30 am-8pm SUNDAY November 12th at FORT MASON CENTER in SAN FRANCISCO , CA . We will be using the 2nd floor Meeting Rooms in Building C for auditioning components and systems as usual , and the adjacent Firehouse spaces adjacent to Building C at ground level for FOUR talks by experts in audio , demonstration tables , and lunch .
A helpful map of the Fort Mason grounds can be found here :
FORT MASON MAP : PARKING , BUILDING LOCATIONS , FOOD , LOCAL STREETS
When driving to the site , enter via the Gatehouse at Laguna Street and Marina Boulevard .
TALKS GIVEN BY INVITED SPEAKERS :
There are four talks throughout the day and will be held at the Firehouse . A link to the schedule is available on the Home page . Unfortunately , the room can not by the Fire Code accommodate more than about 110 people so some may have to stand outside or will not be able to attend the talk they want to hear if they are late . Please no standing around the walls as this will violate Fire Code .
Nelson Pass will be talking about their new amplifiers which diyAudio will sell as kits and should have them to demo , along with tons of other cool stuff in their audition rooms , including the awesome SAL speakers
Siegfried Linkwitz will give a presentation on audio perception , and also demo their acclaimed LX series open baffle speakers in their audition room .
Demian Martin will demonstrate the only existing sample in the U.S. of a new precision measurement interface for computers , the RTX Analyzer , which has unheard of performance per dollar , and will also demonstrate the Auto Ranger , a device designed by Jan Didden that automatically sets the input voltage to your computer interface to 1 volt to get the best measurements and not blow it up ! They will have them on display at a table in the Firehouse and may do some tests of amps for people to demonstrate them , plus discuss other audio topics
Wayne Colburn from Pass Labs will be talking about how they approach some common circuit design issues , and also present their new headphone amp design and the PCB 's they can supply for them . They will also have a table in the Firehouse where you can listen to it . Bring your own headphones for the most meaningful experience !
The talks are throughout the day and will be held at the Firehouse . A link to the schedule is available on the Home page . Unfortunately , the large room can not by the Fire Code accommodate more than about 110 people so it may very well be that some may have to stand outside or will not be able to attend the talk they want to hear . Please , no standing around the walls as this will violate Fire Code .
Below you will find some additional info that should be useful for attendees and exhibitors . Check back as we get closer to the event .
VOLUNTEERS AND SETUP :
All the chairs and tables in the Firehouse will be set up by Fort Mason . But in the Building C Second floor rooms , where we normally have all the DIY gear on display , we will face the same setup tasks as in the past . That is to say Fort Mason will leave carts of chairs and tables here and there and our job is to set these up according to the supplied diagrams . This is where we can all pitch in . If you are bringing gear , expect to help out as well in the crucial first hour . So please think about leaving your gear in the car when you arrive and take one trip inside to lend a hand and find your assigned room . Then go back and begin unloading . At the end of the day , after you have packed up , please lend a hand to move tables and chairs from your area back into the racks .
As always we will have the moving blankets for sound abatement treatment for the rooms , it would only help if you can bring any more that you have . If anyone has some ideas on how we can get sound panels for the day , or anything else that will suck up sound , please post here or contact me . If you can store sound absorption materials ( in your garage , storage locker , etc ) , and can bring them to the event and take them back home again afterwards , please contact the organizers via the diyAudio thread link above ,
PARKING :
Fort Mason has a large paid parking lot where you can park right next to the buildings . We recommend using it . If the parking lot is full which generally does n't happen , you will need to find parking in another Fort Mason lot or nearby paid parking . Please try to arrive early to avoid lugging your gear from 1/4 mile away . Usually you can unload free if you leave the lot within 20 minutes , but finding parking elsewhere is a challenge !
ENTRY FEE , LUNCH TICKET
Thanks to the generous donation by PassDIY ( Thanks NP ! ) we are able to keep the entry ticket cost down to $ 20 ( cash only ) this year . However those that bring a DIY component to be auditioned in one of the rooms , will get in free !
Lunch will be offered for $ 10 , which will get you a heaping plate of Indian Food , vegetarian and not vegetarian . You should buy your lunch ticket when you pay admission , as we ca n't guarantee we wo n't run out of food tickets later . Make sure to fill in your name tag and wer it always as it proves you 've paid your admission !
BAF T-Shirts in a new design will be on sale for $ 15 also . You will get some raffle tickets as part of the entry ticket charge , and additional raffle tickets will be available for purchase if you want to increase your odds . If your parts/component donation has n't been taken away after the raffle has concluded , please take it back home with you .
PLEASE PREPARE INFO ON YOUR DIY PROJECT
Burning Amp is much more interesting when people can read about what they are looking at . “ Wow , here 's a nice electronics chassis with some connectors on the table ! What is it ? ” Do n't make attendees guess ! Please prepare a short description ( e.g . 1 page or less ) of your project at home , print it out , and bring it with you to place by your component . Maybe even make copies to hand out- you ca n't always be there to explain your project , and even if you are , this will give someone other than the person you are talking to at the time a chance to learn about it . Some points you can include are : What is it ( preamp , amp , headphone amp , etc ) ? Did you design this or did you build a design you found online or a kit ? What is novel about it ( parts used , construction techniques , etc ) ? What are your own thoughts about it , and would you recommend it for someone else to build , etc . This kind of info can make browsing around the floor much more informative and can cover the basics so that you will not need to repeat them over and over again .
Today , PLDT announced their newest partnership to further build their Entertainment profile and it 's with no other than entertainment giant , Sony ! The even better news ? They also announced the release of a new FIBR Bundle that comes with a PS4 !
Here are the deets :
Bundle Option 1 Sony Playstation 4 gaming console Fibr Connection with up to 1 Gbps Upload AND Download Free Cignal , iflix , and FOX International Channels Php 749.00 / month ( 36 months Lock-in Period ) on top of PLDT HOME Fibr Plans
Bundle Option 2 Sony Playstation 4 gaming console Complimentary copy of Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End when it launches on May 10 Fibr Connection with up to 1 Gbps Upload AND Download Free Cignal , iflix , and FOX International Channels Php 849.00 / month ( 36 months Lock-in Period ) on top of PLDT HOME Fibr Plans
Yep , you saw that right ! If you opt for Bundle Option 2 , you get a copy of Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End when it comes out !
We had a chat with Mr. Irwin de Guzman , Product Manager of PLDT Home Fibr , and asked more about these awesome new bundles .
When will these new bundles be available for purchase ? Around mid-end April , 2016
When do you get the PS4 ? 7-10 days after completion of your Fibr Application
When do you get Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End ? People will get them ASAP as long as stocks allow
So you want to have an awesome gaming console and really fast internet ? Just apply next month ! Just be sure that your area is suitable for Fibr connections . Get the info you need at http : //pldthome.com/fibr . Time to get your game on !
A cyclist was hospitalised after a crash in Fulwell this morning .
London Ambulance Service was called after the collision between the cyclist and a car in South Road at the junction with Hampton Road at about 8.30am .
The man , believed to be in their 30s , was taken to West Middlesex Hospital .
The ambulance service said they were not taken as a priority .
Stephanie Blake saw the accident and said the bike looked mangled and passersby stopped to help the injured man .
There have been six cycling fatalities on London 's roads in the past two weeks , bringing the capital 's total cycling deaths to 14 so far this year - the same figure for the whole of 2012 .
The deaths moved road safety campaigners to call on the Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , to take urgent action to make roads safer .
The latest fatality came as Metropolitan Police traffic officers gave road safety advice to cyclist and lorry drivers in central London .
Assistant Commissioner Simon Byrne said all 2,500 officers from Traffic and Safer Transport Commands were being deployed to speak to all road users .
They said : “ Our activity will be targeted at all road users , during morning and evening rush hours , who are using our roads dangerously , without consideration or care , to reinforce the point that we all have a duty to be safe on our roads .
“ Each and every death is a needless tragedy , the human cost of which should never be forgotten . ”
Planes are very safe , and chances are you 've been told as much . `` You 're more likely to die on your drive to the airport than you are in the sky , '' and all that . But do you know why planes are so safe ? It 's not just because plane crashes are rare ( though they most definitely are ) . It 's also because even if you do find yourself involved in a plane crash , you 've actually got a greater than 95 % chance of surviving . Ninety-five percent .
BoingBoing 's Maggie Koerth-Baker explains :
Looking at all the commercial airline accidents between 1983 and 2000 , the National Transportation Safety Board found that 95.7 % of the people involved survived . Even when they narrowed down to look at only the worst accidents , the overall survival rate was 76.6 % . I was talking about this fact with a pilot friend over the weekend , and they mentioned one crash in particular that is an excellent example of the statistics in action . On July 19 , 1989 , United Airlines Flight 232 lost all its hydraulic controls and landed in Sioux City , Iowa , going more than 100 mph faster than it should have been . You can see the plane breaking apart and bursting into flames in the video above . Turns out , that 's what a 62 % survival rate looks like .
Advertisement
I mean , you 're hurtling through the sky in a giant tube of metal that weighs hundreds of thousands of pounds . A 76.6 % rate of survival ( or 95.7 % , for that matter ) sounds like pretty damn decent odds , considering , would n't you say ?
Read more , including more info on Flight 232 , over at boingboing .
Hat tip to John !
Top image via Shutterstock
The vast majority of Marylanders back Gov . Larry Hogan 's recent order requiring public schools to extend summer recess through Labor Day , but far fewer share their support for fracking , according to a Washington ­Post-University of Maryland poll .
The survey , which covered a broad range of topics , also found that support for legalizing recreational marijuana use has risen sharply in Maryland over the past two years , as the state has begun licensing businesses to grow marijuana for medical purposes .
The poll shows that support for the school-start mandate remains strong even if ending summer recess after Labor Day could require some districts to trim other holidays , which school officials say is likely .
Almost three-quarters of Marylanders surveyed approve of the governor 's order , compared with 16 percent who disapprove .
[ Read the full poll results ]
Hogan ( R ) has said that extending summer vacation will benefit the state 's tourism industry , give families more time together and help boost the environment by cutting air-conditioning needs in public schools .
Opponents of Hogan 's order say it infringes on local control of the school calendar , even though school systems may apply to the state school board for waivers . Critics also say a longer summer break can increase learning loss , especially for poor children , and negatively affect preparation for standardized tests . Presented with some of those arguments , few poll respondents changed their position on the issue .
Among those who oppose Hogan 's policy , 82 percent said they were not dissuaded by the argument that the change would have economic benefits .
Similarly , 82 percent of Marylanders who indicated support for the mandate say they would still back the idea if it required cutting into holidays during the school year .
“ I think kids have too many holidays now , ” said Frederick County resident David Cloud , who strongly supported Hogan 's order and is a father of two elementary-school students . “ It seems like they never go for a full two weeks at a time . There 's always something coming up with religious holidays or teacher work days or half-days . It 's just ridiculous . ”
In terms of fracking , the pro­cess of pumping water , sand and chemicals deep into the ground to release natural gas , 6 in 10 Marylanders oppose the practice in the state , more than twice as many as who support it ( 27 percent ) . Support for the practice , formally known as hydraulic fracturing , is down from 36 percent in a 2015 poll .
Two-thirds of Marylanders think fracking would pose significant risks to the environment , including 73 percent of Democrats , 69 percent of independents and 49 percent of Republicans . Marylanders are more divided over whether the drilling technique could provide significant economic benefits for the state , with 43 percent saying it would , while 40 percent say it would not .
[ Here 's how Maryland wants to regulate fracking ]
Concerns about groundwater contamination , air pollution and earthquakes prompted the General Assembly to pass legislation in 2015 that prohibits the drilling technique until October 2017 and required the state to develop regulations for the industry . Last week , the Hogan administration proposed fracking guidelines that Maryland Environment Secretary Ben H. Grumbles called “ the most stringent ” in the nation .
Several Democratic lawmakers have said they will sponsor legislation next year to ban fracking , saying no safeguards can adequately protect the public and the environment from the practice .
Miriam Brewer , a Prince George 's County resident , said that they have many questions about the practice but that they are open to allowing it with strong regulations .
“ Are we really going to be the winners , or is the environment going to be the loser ? ” they said . “ I 'm not all-out for a ban , but I think we need some assurances about the environment , and we need to use the best practices done in different areas . ”
On the issue of marijuana , 61 percent of Marylanders said they favor legalization of small amounts for personal use , up from 49 percent in 2014 . Support for recreational use of the drug increased by double digits across ideological lines , with 74 percent of liberals , 65 percent of moderates and 45 percent of conservatives now supporting legalization .
“ I think this is a reflection of the fact that a lot of states and the District of Columbia have moved in the direction of legalization , ” said Michael Hanmer , research director for the University of Maryland 's Center for American Politics and Citizenship , which collaborated on the poll . “ There 's a national trend toward support for small amounts of marijuana , and I do n't think Maryland is immune to that . ”
[ Marijuana legalization is leading everywhere it 's on the ballot this fall ]
The state awarded preliminary licenses in August for more than 20 companies to grow and process medical cannabis . With the first crops expected to be available next year , 37 percent of Maryland adults in the poll say they or someone close to them would seek a medical recommendation for the drug .
“ I know a lot of people who get tremendous benefit from it health-wise and with anxiety relief — it 's such a better option than alcohol , ” said Nancy McFadden , an ­elementary-school teacher and Baltimore County resident .
One-fifth of Marylanders say they would seek medical permission to use the drug themselves .
The poll also asked about casino gambling , which Maryland legalized in 2008 . By 47 percent to 27 percent , more residents continue to say the growth of casinos in the state has been good rather than bad for the state ; about 3 in 10 report visiting one of the five casinos that are open .
Nearly 9 in 10 Marylanders surveyed say they would rarely or never go to the MGM National Harbor facility scheduled to open in Prince George 's County on Dec. 8 . Officials there say they expect more than 20,000 daily visitors , many of whom could come from neighboring Washington or Virginia .
The Washington Post­-University of Maryland poll was conducted Sept. 27 to 30 among a random sample of 906 Maryland adults reached on cellular and landline phones , in partnership with U-Md . 's Center for American Politics and Citizenship . The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points for overall results .
Scott Clement and Ovetta Wiggins contributed to this report .
A move in the Ontario Legislature to condemn the 1937 “ Rape of Nanking ” by Japanese invaders is making waves across the Pacific . MPPs have unanimously passed Liberal Soo Wong 's motion recognizing Dec. 13 as Nanjing Massacre Commemorative Day in Ontario .
A man rings the peace bell to mark the 86th anniversary of the `` September 18 Incident '' at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall in Nanjing in China 's eastern Jiangsu province on Sept. 18 , 2017 . The incident took place in 1931 when a railway explosion in Manchuria was used by the Japan as a pretext to take control of the entire northeastern region a few years before the outbreak of World War II . ( STR / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
It remembers the more than 200,000 victims in the city of Nanjing , which was known as Nanking when Japan invaded China 80 years ago . “ The Nanjing Massacre is about the tens of thousands of women , young and old , who were sexually assaulted in the capture of the city , ” Wong ( Scarborough-Agincourt ) told the Legislature on Thursday . “ It is about women and girls being used as weapons of war . Those who were non-compliant were beaten and killed , ” they said .
Article Continued Below
Progressive Conservative MPP Lisa MacLeod ( Nepean-Carleton ) said the carnage was so horrific that they “ ca n't believe it has taken us 80 years to commemorate it. ” “ During the six weeks that the Imperial Japanese Army decided to rape and pillage and murder the city of Nanking , it was called by westerners ‘ hell on Earth . ' Close to 20,000 to 80,000 were raped , ” they said . But Japanese interests quietly lobbied MPPs from all three parties against supporting Wong 's motion . That 's because the government of Japan has long argued the Chinese exaggerated the atrocities committed during the invasion . NDP MPP Peter Tabuns ( Toronto Danforth ) said Friday they received “ strange postcards from Japan ” at their office prior to voting in favour of Wong 's motion .
“ They were just telling me how much the people of Nanjing supported their occupiers back in the 1940s . ‘ Everybody loved us . Everybody loved the occupation forces . ' I threw them out . I thought : ‘ give me a break . ' It 's just crazy , ” said Tabuns . “ It was very weird and I gather others had similar experiences in being contacted that way , ” they said .
Article Continued Below
“ They were not from official sources , but they looked like they were specially printed. ” Two Liberal sources told the Star that Premier Kathleen Wynne themselves was lobbied by those sympathetic to the Japanese version of events . “ There have been emails to some of us from Japanese lawmakers in the Diet in Tokyo , ” confided one senior Liberal , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal matters . “ The Japanese are not happy , ” noted another Liberal insider . Their displeasure comes as Wynne will be in Nanjing next month on their third trade mission to China since 2014 . Interestingly , Wong 's motion passed even though similar private member 's legislation they tabled — Bill 79 , Nanjing Massacre Commemorative Day Act , 2016 — has been stalled in a legislative committee since last year . Mindful their law is unlikely to be passed soon , they moved Thursday 's motion in time for the 80th anniversary of the massacre on Dec. 13 .
Each year , hundreds of city restaurants close forever , victims of high rents , economic cycles and fickle diners .
So it should not have come as a surprise when restaurateur Danny Meyer announced in late September that they were pulling the plug on three-star Indian eatery Tabla , primarily because its exotic cuisine had failed to consistently draw sufficient customers . The 280-seat restaurant is the largest in an empire that includes Gramercy Tavern , Eleven Madison Park—in the same building as Tabla—and Union Square Café .
Yet this is no ordinary restaurant failure . Tabla is not only Mr. Meyer 's first flameout in their 25 years in the business but was kept open long after its financial problems had become clear .
“ Since September 11 it 's been a struggle , ” says Mr. Meyer , chief executive of Union Square Hospitality Group . “ Anytime the economy took a dip or there were security concerns or bad weather , Tabla was brought to its knees . ”
Now the author of the best-selling Setting the Table : The Transforming Power of Hospitality in Business is raising the bar on how to shutter a restaurant by orchestrating a three-month sendoff . And in a field in which employees are lucky to receive a few days ' warning that they 're losing their jobs , Mr. Meyer is going to extraordinary lengths to help Tabla 's 90 full-time staff find new positions before the last meal is served on Dec. 30 .
“ It 's not something I necessarily want to become an expert in , ” Mr. Meyer says , laughing . “ But the measure of our company should not just be about how we open restaurants . We need to distinguish ourselves by how we close a place . ”
Restaurants typically close with little or no notice . Some skip out in the middle of the night to avoid creditors . Some—like La Caravelle , which closed in 2004 after a 43-year run—give customers a grace period of a week or so to enjoy a final meal .
Most of Mr. Meyer 's successful peers , including Drew Nieporent , of Nobu and Tribeca Grill , and Stephen Hanson , owner of Ruby Foo 's and Dos Caminos , have shuttered several restaurants during their long careers .
“ It 's remarkable that this is the first restaurant Danny is closing , ” says Mr. Nieporent .
Tabla 's farewell will feature special events such as a cooking class on Dec. 4 and an alumni-chef dinner on Dec. 7 , in which former kitchen staffers who are now at other restaurants will prepare a meal together . Suppliers are being feted with an invitation-only breakfast .
The decision to close Tabla was a long time coming , though USHG did n't begin subsidizing the restaurant until several months ago , says Mr. Meyer , who adds that it is neither bankrupt nor in arrears .
Ironically , this has been Tabla 's busiest year ever . Mr. Meyer and their partners began their last-ditch efforts to save the business late last year , replacing the pricey prix fixe menu with the more casual menu previously available only on the ground floor of the bi-level restaurant . The strategy succeeded in attracting more diners , but they were spending less money per meal . The numbers simply did n't work in the restaurant , which had never been hugely profitable .
The group then pinned its hopes on the warm-weather season , when the 50-seat patio opened . But few people wanted to dine outside during the record heat of July and August . ( The patio had been a bust the previous summer because of too much rain and cool weather . )
By the end of this summer , management had decided it could no longer avoid the inevitable .
“ It 's been a labor of love , an artistic project , ” says Mr. Meyer . It has been a learning experience as well . They hope to reopen another Indian eatery someday , but in a smaller venue .
AUSTIN — Sen. Don Huffines , R-Dallas , introduced a slew of gun-related bills late Wednesday , two of which are aimed at preventing firearm regulations at all levels of government .
One measure calls for an amendment to the Texas Constitution to prohibit the Legislature or local governments from requiring Texans to register their firearms . Huffines said in a written statement that the measure would prevent a `` sneak attack or backdoor , dark-of-the-night attempt to create a gun registry . ''
Huffines also offered a bill to prevent city or county governments from taxing firearms , knives or ammunition . It would also bar local regulations on the sale , purchase or production of firearms .
`` On too many issues , a handful of liberal politicians in city halls and county courthouses have made it clear that they are willing to go to great lengths to undermine Texans ' personal and economic liberties , '' Huffines said .
Huffines is also looking to lessen the charges faced by those who are pulled over for driving while intoxicated with a firearm in their vehicle . Senate Bill 458 would ensure that someone face a DWI charge who has a license to carry a firearm would not face additional charges if their or their gun is stored in the car or out of reach . It would not extend to those who have guns on their person when they are pulled over .
In their final gun bill filed Tuesday , Huffines looked to codify the Lone Star State 's affections for firearms and make the cannon the state 's official gun .
`` Second Amendment liberty is critical for the preservation of all of our other liberties , '' Huffines said in a news release detailing the new legislation . `` Law-abiding Texans have a right to self-protection , to keep our families safe , and to enjoy the great outdoors . Wherever state government interferes with that right , or unduly burdens it , it is my duty as a state legislator to fix it . ''
Lawmakers enacted sweeping gun-rights changes in their last session two years ago , including measures to allow the open carrying of handguns and the carrying of concealed handguns on state college campuses .
This year , Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick has made reducing the cost of obtaining a concealed handgun license a priority . Other efforts to loosen restrictions on guns , such as a bill by Rep. Jonathan Stickland , R-Bedford , to allow for `` constitutional carry , '' which would allow the carrying of a gun without a state license , are starting to take shape .
Rep Belmonte : 'The problem solver is always the least appreciated , their successes un-acknowledged , their every shortcoming magnified '
Published 10:33 AM , December 14 , 2014
A wise man told me that Filipinos gravitate towards 3 kinds of leaders – the populist man of the people , the vigilante hero , and the problem solver . A wise man told me that Filipinos gravitate towards 3 kinds of leaders – the populist man of the people , the vigilante hero , and the problem solver .
Of the 3 , they say , it is the populist who gets the most support . In the minds of the people , they embody their needs and wants . And regardless of their failings , their every move captures their imagination and they can do little wrong . Thus most politicians strive to be known as populists , regardless of their actual ability to deliver on the promises they make .
For 6 hectic days I got to watch up close how Interior Secretary Mar Roxas and their team worked . And there is one thing I am sure of : for someone of their political experience and perceived intentions , Mar Roxas is n't playing the traditional political game .
As a member of the Congressional Oversight Committee that monitors the implementation of Republic Act 10121 or the Philippine Disaster Risk Reduction and Management ( PDRRM ) Act of 2010 , I had the privilege of joining , as a somewhat skeptical observer , our National Government Frontline Team to Eastern Samar . The team was at the site of the expected landfall to : ( 1 ) ensure that disaster preparations are in place , ( 2 ) monitor the situation , and ( 3 ) direct post-disaster operations .
All of the frontliners were mostly veterans of the Zamboanga siege , Bohol earthquake , or Super Typhoon Yolanda . It was a very tight knit group , and they were basically replicating what they had already done before . The main difference , they told me , was that this time , Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin stayed behind to coordinate all efforts from the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council ( NDRRMC ) Headquarters , Social Welfare Secretary Dinky Soliman was prepositioned in Cebu to manage the follow-on relief and rehabilitation operations , and Secretary Edwin Lacierda was included in the team to handle communications – changes that reflected important lessons they from previous crises .
I have many stories to tell from that experience with Secretary Mar and their team , but one incident really struck me as indicative of their character .
Soon after the storm struck , we passed by the Borongan public market , and found it ankle deep in mud and garbage from the nearby river . Of course , there were more urgent tasks to accomplish that day , such as securing the NFA warehouse for the food supply , clearing the airport , and opening the road to Dolores , but Sec Mar made sure to ask the fire department and city market master to clear the market as soon as possible . Their reasoning was simple and logical : the unsanitary conditions , if allowed to remain by the time the market opened , would have led to the outbreak of disease and cause even more problems .
There were lots of other things to do in the succeeding days . But on Day 6 , after everything was basically stabilized , and we were finally ready to pack up and leave , Sec Mar finds time to check up on the market . To say that they were frustrated is an understatement . The firefighters had merely hosed down the mud , spreading it around even further . And because the available pay loader had suffered a flat tire the previous day , the garbage and debris remained uncollected . One could see the worms crawling in the mud amidst the all that squalor .
The Bureau of Fire Protection ( BFP ) General and all of their men got a reprimand , the market master was dispatched to buy shovels , and every one – including their entourage and escorts – were made to buckle down and start clearing the mud and garbage .
Mind you , these were the same men who followed them into the eye of the storm not so many days ago . These were the same men who helped clear the road to Dolores . And these were the same men who made the dangerous boat rides to relieve the isolated offshore islands . The firefighters in particular spent the night of the storm evacuating people who waited till the 11th hour , and there is no accounting the number of people they had rescued . In my eyes , they were heroes – every one of them . And I am sure that they were all pissed at Sec . Mar for the censure they received and the manual labor they made them do ! No matter how exhausted everyone was , no matter what they had accomplished before , in their eyes the work was not yet done , and no one had the right to slack off . They led them themselves in that clean up operation !
After seeing how news of their motorcycle slide was taken out of context by people who were not there , I think it is a good thing that there was no media in the market that day . If there was , I am pretty sure that all that drive and determination , all that attention to detail and leadership by example would have been reduced to a seemingly epal photograph of a perceived contender for the highest office in the land , shoveling mud and picking up trash in the market to curry popular favor . No , for us who were there that day , Mar Roxas was not popular . But they got the job done !
And speaking of that motorcycle ride , there were two cabinet secretaries , two members of congress , and two generals making those last 20 hectic kilometers from the stalled convoy to Dolores in the tail of the storm , and approaching twilight in borrowed motorbikes . Among ourselves , we had several combat veterans , several experienced motorcycle riders , and a couple of iron man finishers . And let me tell you that most of us would have quit to wait for the rest of the convoy if not for Sec Mar leading the way .
There was a whole off-road stretch of at least fifty meters of mud capped by an eerie cemetery that made every one 's knees tremble ( from fatigue or fear , I do n't know ) . Of course , we all fell , slipped , and slid in the sometimes knee-deep mud and fallen trees . But it was only Sec . Mar 's picture that was published , out of context , by someone who waited for them from the relative safety of the road .
But it was all worth it when we saw the gratitude and relief in the eyes of the people of Dolores when we finally broke through . They were no longer isolated , they had not been left alone , and their national government was with them . Together , they were going to get through this crisis and rebuild .
The wise man says that the problem solver is always the least appreciated , their successes un-acknowledged , their every shortcoming magnified . Fixated on our image of the populist politician , we mistakenly think of their direct and no-nonsense approach as being high handed and elitist . In attempting to fit them into the mold of traditional politics , we dismiss their willingness to get down and dirty to handle the brass tacks of the job as simply desperate , epal attempts to garner media mileage and gain public sympathy . Always skeptical , we attribute other motives to the problem solver for simply trying to do their job . But in the end , the wise man says , it is not the populist nor the vigilante , but the problem solver who truly serves the people .
My past experiences have often made me a skeptic . But one thing is clear in my mind : for those 6 days in Eastern Samar , many people were simply trying to do their jobs to the best of their abilities : the mayor who left their hospital bed in Manila to be with them people ; the planning officer , in over their head when they were made DRRM officer ; the governor who deferred their chemo treatments to stay in the command center ; the local and international NGOs and relief volunteers who rushed to help without hesitation ; the media men and women who were on the ground reporting responsibly from the start ; and many others who did their share .
Like them , Mar Roxas was merely doing their job . They were serving the people .
I know . I was there . – Rappler.com
Rep Jose Christopher `` Kit '' Belmonte represents the 6th district of Quezon City in the Philippine House of Representatives .
iSpeak is Rappler 's platform for sharing ideas , sparking discussions , and taking action ! Share your iSpeak articles with us : move.ph @ rappler.com
Tell us what you think about this iSpeak article in the comments section below .
Jamaica will play against the USMNT in a key match for Group A 's first place spot on Friday , September 7 , 2012 at 8:00 PM EDT at Independence Park in Kingston . Both teams are currently tied for first place with four points each . However , Jamaica has the disadvantage of having played Antigua & Barbuda and not getting all three points , as they tied 0-0 in Antigua . Jamaica knows that it needs to at least get a draw at home against the USMNT ( just like Guatemala did ) , or it risks losing its qualification spot to Guatemala . Can the Reggae Boys pull off an upset in Kingston ?
Jamaica played well at home against Guatemala , winning 2-1 but never looking in danger of not winning the match . At Antigua & Barbuda it was a completely different story , they were lucky to draw 0-0 , and were inches away of an embarrassing defeat . This means that the Jamaican squad does not travel well , and will struggle ( lose ) when it goes to Columbus this Tuesday ; Jamaica will also have a tough time in Guatemala . Thus , Jamaica has to get as many points as it can at home , and a loss against the USA would seriously cripple their chances of moving on .
Jamaica roster :
Goalkeeper – Dwayne Miller ( Syrianska ) , Jacomeno Barrett ( Montego Bay United ) , Duwayne Kerr ( Strommen ) .
Defenders – Shavar Thomas ( Montreal Impact ) , Dicoy Williams ( Toronto FC ) , Adrian Mariappa ( Reading ) , O'Brian Woodbine ( Vaasan Palloseura ) , Jermaine Taylor ( Houston Dynamo ) , Andrae Campbelll ( Nottodden ) , Nyron Nosworthy ( Watford ) , Lovel
Palmer ( Portland Timbers ) .
Midfielders – Dane Richards ( Vancouver Whitecaps ) , JeVaughn Watson ( Houston Dynamo ) , Errol Stevens ( Arnett Gardens FC ) , Rodolph Austin ( Leeds United ) , Jason Morrison ( Aaelsund ) , Ewan Grandison ( Portmore United ) , Joel Senior ( Harbour View )
Forwards – Darren Mattocks ( Vancouver Whitecaps ) , Omar Cummings ( Colorado Rapids ) , Kavin Bryan ( Vicem Hai Phong ) , Ryan Johnson ( Toronto FC ) , Luton Shelton ( Karabukspor ) , Tramaine Stewart ( Aaelsund )
The USMNT is a squad filled with talent , way beyond what Jamaica has to offer : from the 25 players , only five play in the MLS , three in the Liga MX , and the rest in different European teams . The goal is protected by a trusty Tim Howard , the defense has a lot of experience ( albeit a little slow ) , the midfield is fair , with the likes of Jose Francisco Torres and Brek Shea , the offense is composed of Dempsey and Herculez Gomez , two very talented strikers . Yes , the USMNT is missing Bradley and Donovan , two key players , but this squad has enough talent to do well without their presence ( against Jamaica anyways ) .
Click here to view the US roster
Last time at Guatemala the USMNT did n't look so well : after a good first half , it let the Guatemalans control the ball and eventually tie the score . Being the team 's first away match , it can be understandable that the players struggled with the rowdy home crowd and difficult field conditions . Against Jamaica , the crowd will not be as loud or hostile , the US should display a better game than it did in Guatemala .
Prediction : The US squad has too much talent , plus it has already faced a tough Central America trip and survived , Kingston will seem like paradise compared to Guatemala City . Expect the USMNT to come out with the initiative and pressure the Jamaican squad . In the end , the US will be too much for the local team , and will get an important away victory . The score will be Jamaica 0 – USA 2 .
Television : The Jamaica vs USA match will be shown on beIN Sport this Friday , September 7 at 8:00 PM Eastern .
Note : Marco Rodriguez ( a.k.a . Chiquimarco ) will be the referee , lets wait and see if they pull any shenanigans .
Hi , I 'm Josh and this is my story :
I was born with what looked like stars in my eyes , my mother was the first to see them . Rather than being an omen of good fortune , what they saw were my cataracts . The local doctor overlooked them , and it took months for my condition to be properly diagnosed . I got them removed when I was 6 months old ( the first of many surgeries that punctuated my childhood ) , by which point I was left with only 10 % vision , and classified as severely legally blind . Despite all this , I developed normally , and was a very energetic and active child . My parents had hope . Whenever they saw the specialist , they would always reassure them that my condition was only a matter of time , that by the time I was 5 at latest , they could always give me corrective surgery that would completely restore my sight . All this changed when I was 5 and went for what I thought was a routine appointment with my specialist . This time they were far less comforting . My parents asked them when I would be able to have the surgery , and they told them that it was n't only a matter of it being delayed , they considered it impossible due to my micropthalmia , and believed the damage to my optic nerves would never be able to be reversed . They must have known this for some time , but their casual way of saying such devastating words made my parents break down . I was too young to know what was wrong , but I remember my parents crying , and my mother running out of the room . It was the moment when the prospect of a normal life was taken away .
Most of us take our sight for granted . Which is understandable , It 's something almost all of us were born with , and something that most of us trust will stay with us as long as we live . Unfortunately , too often that can lead to a lack of compassion or a lack of sympathy for the lives of the vision impaired . I know there are many good people out there , but in my childhood , the negative experiences far outweighed the positive ones . Take my school days , for example . I went to local public schools , and while some tried their best , there were many problems . The schools could n't decide whether they wanted me to focus on learning English or learning Braille , so I would be uncertain of whether my whole pattern of study had to change again . This was of course in the times when there was work for me to do . Too often , especially in high school , I was simply sent home hours early because there was no one on hand who could work with my condition , and they had no work for me . In those conditions , I could n't help but fall behind .
The challenges went well beyond teaching . I had financial difficulties with assistive technology , some of the machines of the time ( like the PacMate , a braille computer ) cost $ 10,000 , which my family had to pay . While most of my fellow students in the first years of school were respectful and curious , this tolerance went out the window when I began high school . ( Grade 7 in the Australian system , equivalent to the first year of junior high . ) There a new pattern began , one where I was bullied and harassed . At first it was verbal , but it escalated to physical violence , both bruises and attacks on my assistive technology . The bullies faced no real consequences , especially as the school would n't take my word on who was doing the bullying . I could tell by the voices , but they insisted on only being able to tell by their appearance , which is an absurdity for a legally blind student to deal with . The experience left me with deep psychological scars , and severe depression . For the first time , with many struggles and little support , I began to question whether life was worth living .
Luckily , I never gave into those dark thoughts , and I 'm still here . Life still has a lot of difficulties . Technology and other assistive equipment remains highly expensive , and can often be out of reach . There have been upsides , but they 're never simple , and there are often complications . Earlier this year , I got a new buddy and best friend in my guide dog , Victory . I 've only had them for a few months , but he 's already helped me so much . He 's not only assisted my mobility and independence , he 's lifted my spirits and made me realize that there is more I can achieve in life despite my disability . For so long I took my condition as a curse , but I 'm trying to see it as a handicap that with luck and patience I can overcome . I 've begun to dream again , of being able to travel and see the world before my vision deteriorates further ( which due to my glaucoma is almost a certainty ) , to be able to help others like me who have faced discrimination in all areas of their lives . The one downside is that managing my and their combined expenses is hard , and while my dreams finally feel attainable , they 're further away than ever .
I know my story is just one of many , and I hope it gives you a sense of connection or one of understanding . Perhaps my biggest dream is for an easier and fairer life for the disabled , they face so many challenges that we ought to do what we can to lessen them . Thanks so much for reading . https : //www.gofundme.com/MeAndVictory
Reporters covering Bill Clinton today in Pennsylvania were barred from getting too close to the ex-president in the wake of the news that the FBI would again be investigating their wife 's emails .
At their second campaign stop of the day , in the Blair County town of Duncansville , the media was stuffed in the back of the room behind an intricate set of metal gates and velvet ropes , with minders escorting reporters if they wanted to step up closer and get a picture of Clinton onstage .
The former president has not addressed the FBI investigation nor has a spokesperson returned an email about the developing situation , which could turn campaign 2016 on its head yet again .
Scroll down for video
Bill Clinton talked to supporters today in Blair County , Pennsylvania , but reporters were n't allowed to go anywhere near the ex-president
Access to the Clintons at individual campaign events has gotten more restrictive since the primaries , with reporters unable to move to the front of the crowd to get a question in , at a majority of events .
At the same time , Hillary Clinton has gaggled much more often with journalists traveling with them on the campaign plane .
They spoke to the media , several hours after the FBI news broke .
'The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately , ' Clinton said . 'It 's imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question , whatever it is , without any delay . '
Bill Clinton , choosing to embark on several bus tours instead , will generally answer questions thrown at them by journalists during stops .
They had concluded a two-day bus tour of North Carolina , before heading to Pennsylvania Thursday and Friday .
Clinton tried keeping things business-as-usual at the Duncansville rally , where supporters were packed into the the local American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees union headquarters .
Clinton noted how they had been a member of this particular labor union back when they were the governor of Arkansas .
They told the crowd they had just made a campaign stop in Washington County , at a diner , the Shelley 's Pike Inn , where they had a substantive conversation about policy , saying it was 'crazy ' the election was 11 days away 'and people have not been able to hear this because of the screaming and yelling and name-calling . '
Just one local news reporter , of Washington County 's Observer-Reporter newspaper , covered Clinton 's visit to Houston , Pennsylvania , which occurred just before the FBI news broke .
'It 's hard not to run this election on Hillary 's opponents hits , ' Clinton said in Blair County , going harder on Donald Trump than they have in recent days . 'Because there 's so much much material and so little time . '
'Let 's talk about you . And your children and grandchildren , ' they added .
But the political world was talking about the Clintons , with FBI director James Comey writing a letter to congress affirming that they were again looking into Hillary Clinton 's emails as new messages were found on electronic devices belonging to the former secretary of state 's top aide Huma Abedin and their husband , disgraced member of congress Anthony Weiner .
Comey wrote that the messages , brought to their attention from the separate Weiner underage sex case , 'appear to be pertinent to the investigation . '
At Bill Clinton 's first event since the Comey letter went public , they told their same stories and delivered the same lines that he 's been using on the stump for days .
'Boy , this has been an unusual election , ' the ex-president remarked , their standard greeting to their crowd .
They were briefly interrupted in Duncansville by a 'Bill Clinton is a rapist ' protester and , even then , continued on .
' I did n't want you to boo that guy that was shouting out back there , ' they later told theirs crowd .
They concluded their talk with their new favorite campaign line : 'If you do n't want someone to drive the truck off the cliff , do n't give them the keys , ' they said , using Pennsylvania 's swing state voters to hand those keys to their wife Hillary Clinton instead .
The Academy of motion picture arts and Sciencesonly announces nominees , then presents awards . The James Beard Foundation Awards , known to industry folk as the culinary Oscars , is a little more baroque . Today , the foundation announced semi-finalists for its culinary prizes . This is only the first step toward a potential win — finalists will be announced March 15 , before awards are presented in New York City on April 25 . But Houston has an unusually high number of chefs and restaurateurs this morning who can say , `` It 's an honor just to be nominated . ''
Hugo 's is unsurprisingly the runaway success . This is chef Hugo Ortega 's sixth nod for Best Chef : Southwest . Their wife , Tracy Vaught , is nominated for Outstanding Restaurateur for the couple 's collection of restaurants that includes Hugo 's , but also Caracol , Backstreet Café , Prego and brand-new Xochi . The service at Hugo 's also got a nomination .
Another perpetual bridesmaid , Anvil Bar & Refuge , is nominated for Outstanding Bar Program once again . William Wright , who was recognized last year for their work at best new restaurant semi-finalist Helen Greek Food & Wine , is this year among the under-30-year-old Rising Star Chef of the Year nominees .
But Houston stands out most with a record five nominations for Best Chef : Southwest . Beside Ortega , Seth Siegel-Gardner and Terrence Gallivan of the Pass have returned to the list , as has Manabu Horiuchi of Kata Robata . Anita Jaisinghani of Pondicheri earned their first nod this year since a 2012 nomination for more formal Indika .
New to the list ? Jianyun Ye , of Mala Sichuan Bistro . It 's a refreshing inclusion for the restaurant 's less formal vibe , but also because with a Mexican , Japanese , Indian and Chinese nominee , the Beard Foundation seems to appreciate Houston 's diversity just as much as we do .
It looks like the fixes in Alpha14b were effective . I 'm now releasing Alpha14c on Steam and DRM-free channels . This one is just a tiny change from 14b : Phoebe 's random incidents density is reduced somewhat ( it was the same as Cassandra 's before , which does n't make sense since Phoebe is supposed to give more breathing space between events . )
I 'll still be watching for balance and content problems , but it seems likely the next patch will be a new alpha .
On a side note , some people have asked whether any more features will be added . The answer is a definite yes . We are currently working on several major new features with the potential to transform gameplay yet again . I ca n't wait to show them to you ! But , they have to be ready first . I 'm also working on a ton of polish tasks .
It 's time to clear out the Stupid Bad Memes hopper once again : here are a few more memes that are irritating , but not irritating enough to write an entire post about . If you missed them , check out parts 1 , 2 , and 3 of this “ series ” .
First , a grammar quibble : do not use an apostrophe when making words plural .
Second : Women are n't meat . Unless you are a vegan/vegetarian , meat is something you consume , at the expense of another creature . To equate a woman 's body with meat is to say that they are something to be used , to be devoured . A man who thinks of a woman as meat believes that they exist solely for their enjoyment . If you 're interested in reading more about the connection between sexism and meat consumption from a feminist-vegetarian perspective , you should read The Sexual Politics of Meat , by Carol J. Adams .
Third : body-shaming works both ways . I understand and respect the push-back against shaming curvy people , but I do n't think the appropriate response is to shame skinny people ( which I assume was the purpose of the hideous statement “ Bones are for dog 's ” [ sic ] ) . Everybody needs love and acceptance , regardless of body type . Furthermore , the male of the species should not be separated into dogs and men based on their sexual proclivities . Some men like skinny women , some men like curvy women , some men like other men , some men like everybody , some men like nobody . Let 's not band men ( or women ) into false dichotomies for the purpose of a stupid meme .
And while we 're on the topic of attraction…
No . Just no .
Nowhere in feminist theory does it say that a man can not be attracted to a woman based on their looks , nor that a man who does n't find a particular woman attractive is shallow . The only thing feminists would request is that regardless of whether you find a woman attractive or not , you treat them with the same basic respect and dignity you would show to men .
Anti-feminists like to pretend that the feminist agenda is to subjugate men by placing them in no-win situations , but we know that 's not true . Feminism has never been about subjugating anybody , but in achieving equality across the board . Why does a movement interested in equality call itself the feminist movement , then ? Because historically , women have been victimized , subjugated , and de-humanized to a far greater extent than men . In a society where men rule , women are often second-class citizens . Feminism aims to correct this imbalance , not to turn the tables on men .
On the lighter side , we have this bit of fluff .
Those of us who have the privilege of education know that privilege is spelled with two I ‘ s .
We assume there is one Universe ( for lack of direct evidence to the contrary ) . Also , as per the decision of the International Astronomical Union in 2006 , our solar system contains only eight planets . Sorry Plutophiles ! But if we 're considering the entire Universe , then there seem to be uncountable zillions of planets . Nevertheless , the abundance of planets in the Universe has little to do with you meeting your true love . Every human in the Universe lives right here on Earth . If you have n't met your soulmate yet , take heart ; they or they are definitely within 13,000 kilometers of you . On the scale of the Universe , that 's less than a stone 's throw .
The number of coutries , islands , and seas really depends on how you define each term . For example , as of 2016 there are 195 officially recognized countries , but I suppose that 's a matter of politics . Also , there are well over 809 islands in the world , especially if you include river and lake islands , but a great many of them are uninhabited and therefore unlikely to be the site where you meet your life partner . And that whole 7 seas business has to go ; we 're not ancient mariners here .
So it 's fine to create a romantically-inspired meme , but please…do your homework .
Did you know you can write sentences without capitalizing the first letter of every word and we 'll still be able to read them ( no matter how much we wish we could n't ) ?
An immigrant is a person who goes to live permanently in a foreign country , regardless of whether they followed legal channels or not . Somebody who swims across a river in pursuit of a better life is just as much an immigrant as somebody who files paperwork .
This is a poor analogy , and the author 's high school English teacher must be very disappointed . For the most part , immigrants are not coming to the United States to take something you worked hard for . On the contrary , studies show that undocumented immigrant workers actually improve the financial situations of documented and native workers . Unlike the common thief who breaks into your home and steals your jewelry , immigrants provide valuable services as well as ethnic and cultural diversity . That 's why I think that instead of trying to tighten immigration laws , we ought to consider fast-tracking the naturalization process . Even the most hardened anti-immigrant bigots ought to appreciate the value of having more hard-working , tax-paying citizens in our communities , right ?
Those are not mutually exclusive things . Suppose a bank robber manages to escape with the loot mere seconds before the police arrive . Would you say that they got lucky , or would you contend that God helped them out ?
On the other side of that coin , suppose a pious man is walking to church when they are struck and killed by a car . Is this bad luck , or does God have it in for him ?
If you believe in God , that 's fine . It 's your choice , after all . But it seems silly to me to assume that the existence of God precludes the existence of luck . Sometimes good ( and bad ) things happen without the agency of a higher power . If you claim that all instances of so-called luck are really the mysterious and unseen movements of a loving , divine being , then you must be prepared to explain the fact that ( A ) sometimes bad people have good luck , and ( B ) sometimes good people have bad luck .
* sigh *
We 'll discuss the overt sexism in this meme soon enough , but first I have a few quibbles with the grammar and with the illustration .
I 'm pretty sure the meme should read “ 45 % fewer car accidents ” . Generally , you use fewer when you are talking about things that can be enumerated , and less when you 're talking about things that can not . For example , I 'd like to see fewer stupid sexist memes , and I would be happy if this particular meme contained less stupidity .
Also…there appears to be some kind of steel wall between the front and back seats of this car . There is clearly a mirror , but it is rendered useless by the lack of rear visibility . Surely this poor car design will contribute more to accidents than any other factor .
Now then…the message behind this idiotic meme is that men could drive more safely if their female passengers would just , you know , shut up . Apparently , female chatter accounts for a whopping forty-five percent of all traffic accidents , which makes me wonder why they never warned us about riding with women when I took driver 's ed . Apparently the feminist agenda machine got to my school before they could tell us the truth .
Now it is true that the leading cause of car accidents is distracted drivers , and the chatter of passengers is a source of distraction ; however , many drivers are also distracted by talking on the phone , texting , eating , grooming , and reading , and none of those distractions are depicted here . I find it interesting that the author of this meme thought that the only way to silence passengers – and in particular female passengers – is to physically gag them . How typical . How disgusting .
Sherbet . Sherbet . Sherbet . There is only one R in sherbet .
That 's all for now . Good night everybody !
Red Deer , AB . – The lineup has been confirmed for the 2016 MasterCard Memorial Cup , scheduled to be played in Red Deer , beginning this coming Friday night .
The Tournament opener will feature the Host Red Deer Rebels up against the Ontario Hockey League Champion London Knights .
The Brandon Wheat Kings will then take on the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies on Saturday , May 21st .
The Wheat Kings advanced to their sixth Memorial Cup and fifth since joining the Western Canada Hockey League in 1967 when they defeated Seattle 8-4 on Friday night to capture their first WHL Championship in twenty years .
The club returned home Saturday to a hero welcome at the Keystone Centre . An estimated crowd of close to 1,500 fans jammed the UCT Pavillion to watch captain Macoy Erkamps hoist the Ed Chynoweth Cup .
This will mark the second straight Memorial Cup appearance for 20-year old Brandon blueliner Mitch Wheaton . The Sherwood Park , Alberta product , who was acquired from Saskatoon in January , was a member of the 2015 WHL Champion Kelowna Rockets .
Following is the remaining MasterCard Memorial Cup Tournament Schedule :
Sunday , May 22nd Rouyn-Noranda vs Red Deer Rebels
Monday , May 23rd Brandon Wheat Kings vs London Knights
Tuesday , May 24th London Knights vs Rouyn-Noranda
Wednesday , May 25th Brandon Wheat Kings vs Red Deer Rebels
Thursday , May 26th Tiebreaker – if required
Friday , May 27th Sudden Death Semi-Final ( # 2 vs # 3 )
Sunday , May 29th Memorial Cup Championship Final
The Wheat Kings last played in the Memorial Cup in 2010 when the City of Brandon hosted the 10-day event at Westman Communications Group Place . Brandon wound up losing to Windsor in the Championship Final .
Brandon has also played at the 1979 ( Montreal ) , '95 ( Kamloops ) and '96 ( Peterborough ) Memorial Cups . The '79 WHL Champions lost out to the OHL 's Petes in overtime in the Final .
Brandon 's first ever appearance in the Memorial Cup was in 1949 . After winning the Western Canadian Championship , the Wheat Kings fell to the Montreal Royals in an 8-game playoff series .
Red Deer becomes the first city in Alberta to host the Memorial Cup since it 's current format was introduced by the Canadian Hockey League in 1983 .
All games will be televised across Canada on Sportsnet and TVA Sports . The NHL Network will also carry games throughout the United States .
UD-led team sets solar cell record , joins DuPont on $ 100 million project
UD researchers Christiana Honsberg and Allen Barnett
5:14 p.m. , July 23 , 2007 -- Using a novel technology that adds multiple innovations to a very high-performance crystalline silicon solar cell platform , a consortium led by the University of Delaware has achieved a record-breaking combined solar cell efficiency of 42.8 percent from sunlight at standard terrestrial conditions .
That number is a significant advance from the current record of 40.7 percent announced in December and demonstrates an important milestone on the path to the 50 percent efficiency goal set by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) . In November 2005 , the UD-led consortium received approximately $ 13 million in funding for the initial phases of the DARPA Very High Efficiency Solar Cell ( VHESC ) program to develop affordable portable solar cell battery chargers .
Combined with the demonstrated efficiency performance of the very high efficiency solar cells ' spectral splitting optics , which is more than 93 percent , these recent results put the pieces in place for a solar cell module with a net efficiency 30 percent greater than any previous module efficiency and twice the efficiency of state-of-the-art silicon solar cell modules .
As a result of the consortium 's technical performance , DARPA is initiating the next phase of the program by funding the newly formed DuPont-University of Delaware VHESC Consortium to transition the lab-scale work to an engineering and manufacturing prototype model . This three-year effort could be worth as much as $ 100 million , including industry cost-share .
The ground-breaking research was led by Allen Barnett , principal investigator and UD professor of electrical and computer engineering , and Christiana Honsberg , co-principal investigator and associate professor of electrical and computer engineering . The two direct the University 's High Performance Solar Power Program and will continue working to achieve 50 percent efficiency , a benchmark that when reached would mean a doubling of the efficiency of terrestrial solar cells based around a silicon platform within a 50-month span .
“ The University of Delaware is very proud of the achievements of Allen Barnett and Christiana Honsberg , both their research and their work in leading the consortium , ” UD President Patrick T. Harker said . “ We are grateful to DARPA for its confidence in the University and very much look forward to working with DuPont and our other partners in industry , government and academia on this project , which will have wide application and will be of particular benefit to our men and women in the service . ”
“ UD has become an important center for renewable energy research , and we applaud the efforts of the University-led consortium , ” UD Provost Dan Rich said . “ This project is of vital importance , particularly given the pressing need for alternative sources of energy . ”
`` The University is committed to the advancement of leading-edge research that solves important problems and results in the invention of new technologies aimed at enhancing society , '' Carolyn Thoroughgood , vice provost for research and graduate studies at UD , said . `` This project highlights the quality of research at UD and also demonstrates the value of collaboration . ''
“ The achievement of this benchmark is a major step forward in the ongoing development of low-cost solar photovoltaic technology , ” Rhone Resch , president of the Solar Energy Industries Association , said . “ Furthermore , we applaud DARPA for making a strategic investment in American 's energy security . We anticipate that this project will result in a wide range of commercial solar applications that will benefit the U.S. military and American consumers alike . ”
`` Many of us have been working with programs to take us to a real photovoltaic energy future . This project is already working in that future . DARPA has leapfrogged the 'conventional , ' demonstrating that creativity and focus can significantly accelerate revolutionary research-bench concepts toward reality , demonstrating this does not have to take decades , ” Lawrence L. Kazmerski , director of the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Center for Photovoltaics at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden , Colo. , said . “ This is a first step-but a significant one in making sure our energy future is what we know it should look like . ''
The consortium 's goal is to create solar cells that operate at 50 percent in production , Barnett said . With the fresh funding and cooperative efforts of the DuPont-UD consortium , they said it is expected new high efficiency solar cells could be in production by 2010 .
The highly efficient VHESC solar cell uses a novel lateral optical concentrating system that splits solar light into three different energy bins of high , medium and low , and directs them onto cells of various light sensitive materials to cover the solar spectrum . The system delivers variable concentrations to the different solar cell elements . The concentrator is stationary with a wide acceptance angle optical system that captures large amounts of light and eliminates the need for complicated tracking devices .
The VHESC would have immediate application in the high-technology military , which increasingly relies upon a variety of electronics for individual soldiers and the equipment that supports them . As well , it is hoped the solar cells will have a large number of commercial applications .
Today , the American soldier carries a pack that weighs nearly 100 pounds of which about 20 pounds are the three-day supply of batteries needed to power their gear . The DARPA program aims to dramatically reduce the battery logistics pipeline and provide the soldier with more power at reduced weight , thus improving mobility , survivability and the availability of advanced electronic technologies on the battlefield . With the dramatically higher efficiency of the VHESC technology , solar rechargers could be integrated into common battlefield devices such as night vision goggles , radios and GPS navigation systems .
Barnett and Honsberg said that reaching the 42.8 percent mark is a significant advance in solar cell efficiency , particularly given the unique small and portable architecture being used by the consortium and the short time - 21 months - in which it was developed .
Modern solar cell systems rely on the concentration of the sun 's rays , a concept similar to youngsters using magnifying glasses to set scraps of paper on fire . Honsberg said the previous best of 40.7 percent efficiency was achieved with a high concentration device that requires sophisticated tracking optics and features a concentrating lens the size of a table and more than 30 centimeters , or about 1 foot , thick .
The UD consortium 's devices are potentially far thinner at less than 1 centimeter . “ This is a major step toward our goal of 50 percent efficiency , ” Barnett said . “ The percentage is a record under any circumstance , but it 's particularly noteworthy because it 's at low concentration , approximately 20 times magnification . The low profile and lack of moving parts translates into portability , which means these devices easily could go on a laptop computer or a rooftop . ”
Honsberg said the advance of 2 percentage points is noteworthy in a field where gains of 0.2 percent are the norm and gains of 1 percent are seen as significant breakthroughs .
“ This achievement is the direct result of the new architecture we developed under the DARPA program , ” Barnett and Honsberg said . “ By integrating the optical design with the solar cell design , we have entered previously unoccupied design space leading to a new paradigm about how to make solar cells , how to use them , and what they can do . ”
During the first 21 months of the VHESC program , a diverse team of academia , government lab and industrial partners , led by UD , was focused on developing the technology basis for a new extremely high efficiency solar cell . The rapid success of that effort has enabled the present transition to a focus on prototype product development .
The team 's novel approach provides for affordability and also flexibility in the choice of materials and the integration of new technologies as they are developed .
Barnett credits the early success of the program to the team approach taken to solving the problem . Partners in the initial phase included BP Solar , Blue Square Energy , Energy Focus , Emcore and SAIC . Key research contributors included the University of Delaware , National Renewable Energy Laboratory , Georgia Institute of Technology , Purdue University , University of Rochester , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , University of California Santa Barbara , Optical Research Associates and the Australian National University . “ What we 've done , ” they said , “ is created a virtual lab by having all of these companies , universities and national laboratories in the consortium . This has given us access to a broad range of capabilities in terms of expertise and equipment . ”
That approach is exemplified by the fact that the record-breaking system features three types of solar cells-one made by industry ( Emcore ) , one by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and one by UD .
“ This is a solar cell that works , ” Barnett said , adding , “ This technology has the potential to change the way electricity is generated throughout the world . ”
Barnett believes the 50 percent efficiency mark is just the beginning . “ Our best inventions are in front of us , ” they said . “ The consortium has been a super team , and has worked to develop new devices and architectures based on a breakthrough design paradigm . ”
Honsberg said the efficiency potential for solar cells is significantly higher still , which leaves “ large room for improvement. ” They said they enjoy the engineering challenge , particularly in a field in which “ we create things that make a difference . ”
The newly formed DuPont-University of Delaware VHESC consortium will be made up of industrial partners , national laboratories and universities .
“ The new consortium will build upon the considerable technical successes of the first phases of the VHESC program and provide the strong industry-led and product-focused leadership required to ultimately bring the VHESC product to commercialization , ” Barnett said . “ We look forward to working with DuPont and others to continue our progress in developing this novel solar power research . ”
UD offers one of the nation 's broadest research programs in photovoltaics . It is home to the High Performance Solar Power Program in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and the Institute of Energy Conversion , a multidisciplinary laboratory devoted to the research and development of thin film photovoltaic solar cells . Honsberg is developing one of the nation 's most complete courses of study for solar power systems , which is partially sponsored by the National Science Foundation 's Integrative Graduate from Education and Research Training ( IGERT ) program .
Barnett earned a doctorate in electrical engineering from Carnegie-Mellon University , is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ( IEEE ) , was awarded the IEEE 's William R. Cherry Award for outstanding contributions to the advancement of photovoltaic science and technology and won UD 's Karl W. Ber Solar Energy Medal of Merit in 2001 for “ pioneering high-performance , thin-crystalline silicon solar cells , founding and leading a world-class enterprise for the commercialization of solar electric products , and outstanding continuing service to the solar electric power community . ”
Honsberg earned a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering in 1986 , a master 's degree in 1989 and a doctorate in electrical and computer engineering in 1992 , all from UD . They were an associate professor in the Centre for Photovoltaic Engineering at the University of New South Wales from 1993-2000 and an associate professor of electrical and computer engineering at Georgia Tech before joining the UD faculty in 2004 .
Photo by Carlos Alejandro
Richard Pollock on June 27 , 2016
Federal regulatory agencies have repeatedly issued sanctions and fines against BKD , the small Midwestern accounting firm that for 13 years was chief auditor for the Clinton Foundation 's operations , according to an investigation by The Daily Caller News Foundation .
The Springfield , Missouri-based firm served as the external auditor that certified the financial soundness of the Clinton Foundation .
The foundation began as Bill Clinton 's Presidential Library , but it soon ballooned into an entity fighting global problems . The Clinton Foundation reported assets of around $ 200 million since 2007 , with multiple operating programs in far flung corners of the world .
For most of its history , BKD has served clients in the Midwest with the highest concentration of offices in Missouri , Oklahoma , Texas and Arkansas .
The company 's “ testimonial ” section highlights no national corporation . But it does feature testimonials from an Oklahoma tubular steel company , a semolina flour company in St. Louis , Newton 's Jewelers in Joplin , Missouri and a Kentucky mattress manufacturing company .
BKD ranks in the bottom half of all auditing companies in the United States , with reported revenue of $ 500 million . That compares to accounting leader Deloitte , LLP , which billed nearly $ 15 billion in revenue . BKD employs 1,523 professionals nationwide , while Deloitte has 64,884 professionals worldwide .
BKD has made news in other ways , however . It was indicted by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation for “ unprofessional conduct ” and “ gross negligence , ” according to federal court documents
And the Public Company Oversight Accounting Board ( PCOAB ) , the nation 's top federal oversight agency for American accounting firms , reported that BKD violated auditor independence rules over the years , which its inspectors reported as “ significant deficiencies . ”
BKD — which stands for founders Baird , Kurtz & Dobson — also has been hauled into court by unhappy clients who have charged it with “ malpractice ” and the manipulation of accounting books .
Leslie Lenkowsky , an expert in the practice of philanthropy at Indiana University and a director of the Philanthropy Roundtable , said they were surprised that the Clinton Foundation had not used one of the top accounting companies in the nation .
“ You would think , as a protective measure , the Clinton 's would use only accountants of substantial reputation . Given the visibility of the Clinton 's , you 'd think they would have one of the main accounting firms overseeing their books , ” Lenkowsky told TheDCNF .
“ People will wonder how accurate is this audit , ” they said . Lenkowsky served as a founding director for President Clinton 's Corporation for National and Community Service and President George W. Bush later named them CEO .
Rep. Marsha Blackburn , a Tennessee Republican who called upon the Federal Trade Commission to investigate the Clinton Foundation 's financial practices , told TheDCNF , “ it would be a ‘ red flag ' for me when a firm had been reprimanded and been called into accountability by professionals . ”
Last year , the Clinton Foundation restated all of its tax filings from 2010 to 2013 , the same four years that Hillary Clinton was secretary of state . The 2010 to 2012 restatements along with eleven previous years of tax returns were all audited by BKD .
Charles Ortel , a private investor on Wall Street who has twice served as trustee for tax exempt nonprofits , said it was “ preposterous ” for the foundation to stay with BKD when its mission and finances exploded .
The Wall Street expert who has examined the foundation 's reporting in depth , said using a small , under-resourced accounting firm “ strikes me as a long pattern of gross negligence and willful malfeasance on the part of the trustees . ”
In 2010 alone , the first year of the restatement , the foundation operated programs in 27 different countries , and reported $ 594 million in gifts and contributions , according to its tax return .
The foundation 's audits have been done by PriceWaterhouseCoopers ( PWC ) , one of the nation 's largest accounting and auditing firms , since 2013 . But Ortel said the PWC audits rely on the potentially flawed earlier audits .
“ Audits build on themselves . You ca n't have BKD screw up October 23 , 1997 through December 31 , 2009 and then Pricewaterhouse says ‘ well we 'll take BKD 's work and move forward . ' You ca n't do that . But that 's what they did , ” Ortel told TheDCNF .
President Clinton chose the Little Rock , Arkansas office of BKD in 2001 during construction of their presidential library there . Even then there were signs of conflicts of interest as BKD was also the auditor for the construction company 's parent company . In addition , the parent company 's chief financial officer also served on BKD 's official management committee .
Nevertheless , the Clintons kept BKD and retained it after the foundation dramatically altered its mission to fight global problems and its assets reached $ 200 million .
The BKD office in Little Rock also was embroiled in a major Arkansas scandal of its own making . Federal regulators blamed BKD for the sudden 2010 collapse of a Batesville , Arkansas savings bank after only five years of operation . Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) regulators accused BKD of failing to discover a fraudulent bond deal that cost the bank $ 19 million , which exceeded all of its assets .
FDIC regulators hauled BKD into U.S. District Court for Eastern Arkansas in December 2013 , charging that its 2009 audit services contained “ omissions constituting professional negligence , gross negligence and breach of contract by BKD . ”
Court documents show that BKD had approved the bond deal that FDIC officials found fraudulent . Regulators reported the fraudulent bonds were discovered “ in the course of a routine examination of the bank. ” The auditing firm and the federal government eventually settled the case out of court .
Just before the Clinton Foundation engaged BKD in 1999 , a federal jury in Kansas City , Kansas , found that BKD 's Wichita office committed accounting malpractice in connection with a company sale . The jury hit the accounting firm with $ 22 million in damages .
Another client , Thayer/Patnicef Education Holdings sued BKD in April 2003 over a flawed 1996-97 audit . The company stated , “ this is yet another case of a public accounting firm that looked the other way. ” The company and the education company settled out of court .
The Securities and Exchange Commission publicly censured BKD in 2014 , charging that it “ engaged in improper professional conduct , violated the auditor independence rules , and caused each of the broker-dealers ' failure to file an annual report audited by an independent accountant . ”
The SEC said BKD “ jeopardized their objectivity and impartiality ” by taking its client 's data and claiming it as its own audited findings .
“ To ensure the integrity of our financial reporting system , firms can not play the roles of auditor and preparer at the same time , ” said Stephen L. Cohen , Associate Director of the SEC 's Division of Enforcement . “ Auditors must vigilantly safeguard their independence and stay current on the applicable requirements under the rules . ”
The Public Company Oversight Accounting Board established by the Sarbanes-Oxley financial reforms that became law in 2002 also identified many deficiencies with BKD . The PCOAB conducts periodic inspections of auditing companies , but only makes public a portion of its findings .
“ A substantial portion of the board 's criticisms of a firm , ” PCOAB said of its inspection reports , “ occurs out of public view , unless the firm fails to make progress to the board 's satisfaction in addressing those criticisms . ”
The PCOAB went public on multiple deficiencies in December 2010 it found in BKD 's auditing work , saying “ the inspection team identified what it considered to be audit deficiencies . They found deficiencies of such significance that it appeared to the inspection team that the firm did not obtain sufficient competent evidential matter to support its opinion on the issuer 's financial statements . ”
Three other PCOAB inspection teams again found deficiencies with BKD in 2015 at the same time the firm was restating the foundation 's tax returns .
The inspection teams did not identify a specific BKD client , but noted that it found many “ material misstatements ” in the audits they were evaluating .
In the 2015 audit of BKD , the board concluded that , “ Many audit deficiencies involve a lack of due professional care . ”
The inspectors emphasized that it requires all outside auditing firms like BKD to display “ professional skepticism . These standards state that professional skepticism is an attitude that includes a questioning mind and a critical assessment of the appropriateness and sufficiency of audit evidence . ”
Team A found a total of four separate deficiencies and Teams B and C found deficiencies in one area .
A BKD spokesperson declined to comment . Joey Lambert , a BKD marketing specialist , told TheDCNF “ this involves confidential client matters , and accordingly we 're not at liberty to discuss our experiences or relationships with any client , past or present . ”
The Clinton Foundation also did not respond to requests for comment by TheDCNF .
Follow Richard on Twitter
Click here for reuse options !
JULY 1 ( UPDATE ) : Delaware General Assembly adjourns without Senate vote on legislation .
State Senators Harris McDowell and Colin Bonini and State Representatives Ed Osienski and Helene Keeley have introduced bicycle-friendly economic development legislation in the Delaware General Assembly .
The innovative bill – known as the Healthy and Transit-Friendly Development Act – would establish a simple framework for local and state governments in Delaware to cooperate in creating walkable , bikeable and transit-friendly communities .
In bikeable communities everyday destinations are within easy cycling distance , streets are safe and comfortable and cars move slowly .
Since World War II , economic development in Delaware has mostly been bicycle ( and walking and transit ) unfriendly . A highly auto-centric subdivision-shopping mall-office park pattern of development has instead dominated . This style of development , while sometimes lucrative in the short-term , has four notable long-term weaknesses :
For a given amount of public infrastructure ( roads , sewers etc ) and services ( police , fire , EMT , transit etc . ) investments and ongoing public expenditures , the subdivision-shopping mall-office park style of development generates a relatively lower amount of economic activity ( and corresponding government tax receipts ) .
With daily destinations spread out over long-distances and efficient transit solutions financially difficult to provide , almost every single adult ( and even teenagers ) living in a residential-only subdivision must own a personal motor vehicle in order to meet their daily mobility needs . Since Delaware neither pumps oil nor manufacturers cars , nearly every cent of these Delaware household expenditures leaves the state , creating a permanent drag on Delaware 's economy .
Safe and practical opportunities to walk and bicycle for daily transportation helps maintain a healthy weight and prevent heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and other chronic diseases . Subdivision-shopping mall-office park development , however , usually eliminates these opportunities . Nearly two-thirds of adults and almost 40 % of children in Delaware are now classified as overweight or obese .
For the last two years that federal statistics are available , Delaware has had the highest per capita pedestrian fatality rate in America . The large majority of these pedestrian fatalities occur on Kirkwood Highway , Dupont Highway , Concord Pike , Pulaski Highway and the other high-speed , multi-lane arterial “ corridor ” roads in suburbs that have expanded to serve subdivision-shopping mall-office park style development and the very heavy levels of motor vehicle traffic that it generates .
Meanwhile , retiring Baby Boomers and Millennials – among many others – are both looking for housing and work opportunities in places that do not follow the subdivision-shopping mall-office park pattern . In a recent national poll , 52 % of all Americans said they would like to live in a place where they do n't need to use a car very often .
These changes in demographics and preferences are an opportunity . “ ‘ Complete Communities ' are a critical strategy , ” said Senator McDowell , the prime sponsor of the Healthy and Transit-Friendly Development Act in the Delaware State Senate , “ for economic development in Delaware . But they also simultaneously address the strained finances of our transportation system and are good for our environment too . That 's a policy win-win-win . ”
One of the prime sponsors of the Healthy and Transit-Friendly Development Act in the Delaware House of Representatives is Representative Ed Osienski . “ All Delawareans deserve to live in communities that are walkable and bikeable with access to good public transportation , ” said Representative Osienki . “ I am hopeful that we can continue our efforts to make this goal a reality and build more of these beautiful , resilient and ‘ complete ' places . ”
RELATED :
•Healthy and Transit-Friendly Development Act ( Delaware Senate Bill 130 )
• Trends in Delaware 's Growth and Spending Summary Report
• Why you ca n't have bus service
• Delaware 's # 3 Bicycle Friendly State “ Report Card ” ( calls for encouraging bicycle-friendly development )
FILE - In this March 1 , 2015 file photo , a plane from the Iranian private airline , Mahan Air lands the international airport in Sanaa , Yemen . An Iranian airline backed by the country 's notorious Revolutionary Guard has acquired rights to fly commercial routes in more than a dozen European and Asian countries in spite of U.S. terror-related sanctions , the same airline that ferries weapons and fighters to Syria on behalf of President Bashar Assad . ( AP Photo/Hani Mohammed , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — An Iranian airline , backed by the country 's notorious Revolutionary Guard and used to ferry weapons and fighters to support Syria 's government , has acquired rights to fly commercial routes in more than a dozen European and Asian countries in spite of U.S. terror-related sanctions .
The agreement Iran and six other world powers signed last year ended some of the sanctions that had punished and isolated Iran for its nuclear program . But sanctions for ballistic missile research , terrorism , human rights violations and money laundering remain in place .
Mahan Air , the country 's second-largest carrier , is under terror-related sanctions . The U.S. has accused the company of providing “ transportation , funds transfers and personnel travel services ” to the Revolutionary Guard 's elite Quds Forces , flying them and weapons to Syria to train Hezbollah militants , Syrian army troops and others .
Many countries honored the U.S. terror sanctions and blocked Mahan Air . But weeks before the nuclear deal was signed in July 2015 , the airline announced it was launching a route to Munich — its second German destination . A wave of new routes to 15 countries followed , including France , Russia , China and Italy . France and Denmark were added in June 2016 , and talks continue to add more routes in Europe .
A U.S. Treasury official told The Associated Press that the U.S. has been trying to get those countries to cooperate with U.S. efforts to block the airline 's financial network , but has met with stiff resistance .
Washington does n't want to restrict travel to and from Iran , the official said , noting that the country 's main carrier , Iran Air , can fly around the world since the nuclear deal was implemented in January . The official was not authorized to discuss the issue publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ By letting Mahan in , the Europeans are forgoing a critical pressure tool they have in their arsenal of nonmilitary coercive measures to pressure Iran and ( Syrian President Bashar ) Assad , ” said Emanuele Ottolenghi , an Iran expert at the Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance at the bipartisan Foundation for Defense of Democracies .
But the U.S. has no leverage to change EU laws allowing Mahan in . All it can do is ask the countries to ban Mahan and go after companies providing services to the airline , including banks , baggage handlers and cargo and freight companies .
A spokesperson for the European Union said Mahan Air is not under EU sanction and the U.S. has no jurisdiction . In 2014 , the European Commission allowed those deemed safe commercial air transport operators — including Mahan Air — to fly to , from or within the EU .
The EU has also ignored U.S. terror sanctions and last week lifted its own on Bank Saderat , which Washington accuses of transferring money to groups it considers terror organizations , such as Hezbollah 's militant wing and Hamas .
“ How many dead Syrians does it take for the Europeans to think there is a threat ? ” said Rep. Brad Sherman , D-Calif. , who wants the EU to designate Mahan as a terrorist entity .
In May , Sherman and two dozen other members of Congress wrote David O'Sullivan , the EU ambassador to the U.S. urging the EU to “ promptly end Mahan Air 's operations in Europe , ” saying that doing so would “ signal to European businesses that the EU will remain vigilant in acting against Iranian companies supporting terrorism and Assad 's regime . ”
Mahan Air officials in Tehran declined to speak to The Associated Press .
The sanctions against Mahan say the airline provided financial , material and technological support to the Quds Force , the Revolutionary Guard Corps ' special forces responsible for operations outside of Iran , including in Iraq and Syria . This year , sanctions were extended to a number of entities providing services to the airline — mainly in Dubai , Ukraine and the United Kingdom .
Mahan has denied the charges . Its website notes it is private and “ it does not belong to any governmental or military bodies or to any political party or individuals . ”
Sanctions against five commercial and cargo carriers , including Iran Air , the country 's largest commercial airline , were lifted in January following implementation of the country 's nuclear agreement .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps , or IRGC , is a vast , powerful military conglomerate , with naval , air and ground components organized in parallel to the conventional Iranian military . It is the country 's biggest economic player , with a hand in virtually every sector , from oil and gas to auto-making , telecommunications , construction , farming and beyond .
The airline 's current chairperson and chief executive , Hamid Arabnejad , is a close affiliate of the IRGC and is believed to still have a close relationship with the division that spawned the Quds Force . The U.S. sanctioned Arabnejad in 2013 for having “ been instrumental in facilitating the shipment of illicit cargo to Syria on Mahan Air aircraft . ”
Sanctioned foreign governments , companies or individuals are generally barred from doing business with U.S. citizens and businesses , or with foreign entities operating in the American financial system . The restrictions are usually accompanied by asset and property freezes as well as visa bans .
Mahan Air flies to Dubai International Airport twice daily from Tehran . The airport , the world 's busiest for international travel , declined to discuss Mahan Air , referring questions to federal authorities , who also declined comment .
The Treasury Department said plane spotters have seen Mahan Air flights land in Syria almost daily .
“ We 're not saying Mahan Air assists the IRGC ; we 'd say Mahan Air is the IRGC — and we have to give notice to our friends in Europe , ” Sherman said . “ This idea that we can allow Mahan Air to do whatever it wants just because there are temporary restrictions on the nuclear deal — that was n't the deal . ”
___
Associated Press writer Jon Gambrell in Dubai contributed to this report .
Kolob . We sing about it in one of our favorite hymns . We 've named canyons and mountains and wards and stakes after it . But do we really know what Kolob is and what it 's like ?
Generally defined as “ the place nearest where God dwells , ” most of what we know about this briefly-mentioned governing star comes from a heavenly astronomy lesson found in the book of Abraham .
And while it 's not a part of core Church doctrine , learning about Kolob is a wonderful way to begin to understand each of our places in the universe and comprehend the significance of the Creation . Here are just a few interesting things we know for sure about Kolob :
1 . Kolob is the star that governs all the others .
We first learn about Kolob in Abraham 3:2-3 , when Abraham sees it in a vision through the Urim and Thummim . They say , “ And I saw the stars , that they were very great , and that one of them was nearest unto the throne of God ; and there were many great ones which were near unto it ; And the Lord said unto me : These are the governing ones ; and the name of the great one is Kolob , because it is near unto me , for I am the Lord thy God : I have set this one to govern all those which belong to the same order as that upon which thou standest . ”
From this scripture , we learn that Kolob is a huge star , which God has designated as the one to govern even the other “ governing creations ” ( see Abraham Facsimile 2:2 ) . But what does that mean ?
Abraham 3:16 explains further that there is always one star greater than another , but that Kolob is the greatest . Not because it is the biggest or the brightest , but because it is the one that is closest to God . Joseph Smith adds one more piece of revelation in the first description of Facsimile 2 : “ Kolob , signifying the first creation , nearest to the celestial , or the residence of God . ”
So we also learn that not only is Kolob closest to God , but it was also Their first creation—a creation we can probably assume is near the center of the universe , or at the very least , our galaxy , with God 's throne where They sit “ in the bosom of eternity , who is in the midst of all things ” ( D & C 88:13 ) .
2 . Kolob 's calculation of time is different than Earth 's .
“ If you could hie to Kolob in the twinkling of an eye . . . ” We 've all sung it in a sacrament meeting at some point , but have you ever stopped to think about what you 're singing ? “ Hie ” is no longer a commonly used word , but it means “ to go quickly. ” And , in part , because time works differently on Kolob than it does on Earth , it is possible that we will one day travel across the vastness of space “ in the twinkling of an eye . ”
We learn in Abraham 3:4-7 that one day on Kolob is the same as 1,000 years on Earth because Kolob rotates more slowly on its axis ( see also Facsimile 2:1 ) . A little further on , verse 9 further clarifies that Kolob 's time is the same as the Lord 's time : “ . . .which Kolob is after the reckoning of the Lord 's time ; which Kolob is set nigh unto the throne of God , to govern all those planets which belong to the same order as that upon which thou standest . ”
This leads to another interesting fact that we know : When Adam and Eve were in the Garden of Eden , their understanding of time was the same as Kolob 's , which meant it was the same as God 's . Abraham 5:13 reads , “ But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil , thou shalt not eat of it ; for in the time that thou eatest thereof , thou shalt surely die . Now I , Abraham , saw that it was after the Lord 's time , which was after the time of Kolob ; for as yet the Gods had not appointed unto Adam their reckoning. ” This makes sense , especially when we consider that Brigham Young once explained that Earth was created near God and Kolob , but that it also physically fell out of God 's presence when humankind did :
“ When the earth was framed and brought into existence and man was placed upon it , it was near the throne of our Father in Heaven . And when man fell . . . the earth fell into space , and took up its abode in this planetary system , and the sun became our light . . . This is the glory the earth came from , and when it is glorified it will return again unto the presence of the Father ” ( Journal of Discourses Volume 17 , pg . 143 ) .
3 . Kolob is the source of light for other creations .
The Guide to the Scriptures explains light this way :
“ Divine energy , power , or influence that proceeds from God through Christ and gives life and light to all things . It is the law by which all things are governed in heaven and on earth ( D & C 88:5-13 ) . ”
As the first creation and the star nearest to the source of all light , God , it makes sense that Kolob gives its light in a similar way . The explanation for figure 5 in Facsimile 2 in Abraham explains that the planet Enish-go-on-dosh “ borrows its light from Kolob through the medium of Kae-e-vanrash , which is the . . . governing power . . . ” It also later says that two other stars , Kli-flos-is-es and Hah-ko-kau-beam , also receive “ light from the revolutions of Kolob . ”
Even if none of the physical ideas about Kolob are interesting or logical to you , the analogy it teaches about the Savior and our own place in the universe is profound . Because , as Alma reminds us , “ . . . all things denote there is a God ; yea , even the earth , and all things that are upon the face of it , yea , and its motion , yea , and also all the planets which move in their regular form do witness that there is a Supreme Creator ” ( Alma 30:44 ) .
Just as Kolob is described as the governing star nearest to God , the one that was created first , and the star that gives light to all others , so Christ is on the right hand of God , the Firstborn of the Father , and a Light unto all of us . And if we , like the other stars and planets described in the scriptures , draw closer to Kolob , or Christ , so our greatness , glory , knowledge , and happiness will increase . That 's what I look forward to thinking about the next time I sing the beloved words of “ If You Could Hie to Kolob. ” Because , hopefully , one day we all will .
Recruiters go over dozens of resumes daily . Usually , it takes them only a couple of seconds to decide which ones they pass onto the “ All right ” pile and which resumes end up ditched in the bin . If you do n't fancy your resume landing in trash , you have to stand out ! Sometimes , it 's a tough job to make your resume noticed in the heaps of other applications , but with a little help from us , you can do it .
After you 've filled in all the standard resume parts such as personal info , contact , your education history and any previous work experience , you might be wondering what more to add to make your resume hotter . Especially if you 're applying for a job in a larger company , your resume should say more about you than just general info a recruiter might find easily on your LinkedIn profile .
Recruiters are in fact not that interested in learning about your history . They want to know what you can do now and what value you 'd bring to the company . As you 're not able to communicate that message to them through your education and work experience , work on other resume sections that can . Improve your skills and strengths part so the recruiter knows you 'd be great at the job , point out some of your most notable achievements or let them get to know your personality better by listing your relevant hobbies or extracurricular activities you were engaged in during college . In other words , go beyond a standard resume format and let it tell more about yourself to the recruiter .
If you need more valuable resume advice , check out this article where you 'll also find links to download plenty of great resume templates for free !
So , if you want to stand out and make your resume a hot stuff , check out our infographic below !
7 Things in Your Resume That Will Get You a Job
Criminal charges have been dropped against for Ryan Matheson , a 27-year-old comic book fan previously known as `` Brandon X '' who had been accused of possessing child pornography for carrying manga images into Canada that authorities found objectionable . The Comic Book Legal Defense Fund announced today that the criminal charges were withdrawn as part of a plea deal that allowed Matheson to avoid trial by pleading to a `` non-criminal code regulatory offense under the Customs Act of Canada . ''
Matheson , a U.S. citizen , entered Ottawa on vacation with a laptop that contained comics images that Matheson described as `` anime illustrations from art books '' and `` drawings of fictional anime and manga characters . '' After a four-hour search of their iPhone , iPad and laptop by border authorities , a police investigator was summoned and Matheson was charged with possessing and importing child pornography . Based on the broad definition of child pornography in Canadian law , any illustrations that are thought to depict characters under 18 years of age in sexual situations may deem child pornography if they are not believed to have a `` legitimate purpose . `` CBLDF Executive Director Charles Brownstein previously discussed their knowledge of the comics content with Comic Book Resources last June :
My understanding with regard to the material at issue is that it includes fantasy comics drawn in a variety of manga styles , '' they said in an e-mail to Comic Book Resources . `` One of the items is believed to be a doujinshi , or fan-made comic , of the mainstream manga series 'Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha . ' Another is believed to be a comic in the original Japanese , depicting stick figure-like figures in various sexual positions . In all cases , the authorities are targeting expressive art and not any photographic evidence of a crime .
The arrest followed an advisory from the CBLDF about crossing international borders with comics art , and a border search of comics creators Tom Neely and Dylan Williams on their way to the Toronto Comics Art Festival , which ended with border officials confiscating a number of their comics .
In a personal statement on the CBLDF blog , Matheson detailed the indignities and poor treatment that can accompany being arrested and jailed , regardless of whether or not the charges involved are ultimately substantiated :
The police station jail cell was kept unreasonably cold , and I was given a freezing cold slab of concrete as a bed . I asked for blankets or a pillow but was denied . I asked for food but was denied even after asking at least five times . I politely asked an officer at the police station if I could speak to the U.S. embassy , but they replied , `` Are you serious ? I do n't think we have that here , '' and walked away . I was never able to talk to the embassy , and even when my brother arrived for my bail , they too are denied from seeing me at all . Police officers who transported me would slam metal doors on my head and laugh at me , saying `` This one 's easy ! '' And finally , after being transported to the long-term detention center , guards would torment me with phrases like , `` You know , if you get raped in here it does n't count ! ''
While Matheson maintains that `` there was no evidence of any criminal activity or wrongdoing '' and that their defense was `` extremely strong , '' they say they felt the potential consequences of fighting such a serious crime and losing were too great to risk . If convicted , they faced a mandatory minimum year in prison , registration as a sex offender in Canada and potentially the United States , not to mention the permanent social stigma that would accompany a conviction on charges related to child pornography .
Images that have literary or artistic merit are protected as free speech under U.S. law , and under Canadian law if they `` have a legitimate purpose related to ... art , '' but whether a work is `` obscene '' or `` artistic '' tends to be subjective , and the implications of such charges ruinous . Christopher Handley , an American citizen who was charged with importing `` obscene '' manga into the U.S. in 2009 , faced a similar situation , with the potential for 15 years in prison before they plead to a lesser charge and was sentenced to 6 months .
The costs of being charged with such a serious crime -- both personal and financial -- are also immense , even when a defendant avoids conviction . Total legal costs for Matheson 's defense topped $ 75,000 , with the CBLDF contributing $ 20,000 and the Comic Legends Legal Defense Fund contributing $ 11,000 . The CBLDF is currently accepting further donations to help defray the $ 45,000 in costs borne by Matheson . As a computer programmer , Matheson was also significantly professionally limited by the terms of their bail , which curtailed their ability to use computer and the Internet , and even which companies they could work for .
Michael Edelson , a lawyer who worked on Matheson 's defense , warned CBLDF members and comic book fans about the dangers of bringing comics images into Canada , particularly content in an anime or manga style :
... your members should be cautioned concerning the search and seizure regime here in Canada exercised by the Canadian Border Services Agency . Moreover , they should also be aware that although anime and manga is legal in many areas of the United States and Japan , etc. , to possess and utilize , the Canadian authorities may take a different view if this material is found on any laptops or mobile devices when you enter the country .
The dim view of manga content by Canadian border authorities is echoed in a disturbing 2006 blog post pointed out by Brigid Alverson , where a Canadian woman named Elizabeth McClung described their experience bringing manga across the Canadian border :
Saturday , I was surrounded by six officers , two watching me as the four others went page by page through my books looking for pornographic images and other evidence I was a sexual predator . How did this happen ? I said a word which Canada Customs considers dirty : Manga . As soon as I declared that I had some of the japanese inspired comic books called manga , a Custom 's officer said , `` That 's the stuff from Japan ; there is some really obscene and filthy stuff . '' No , I pointed out , these was printed in America and very mainstream . As more and more officers were called in , the six manga books I had were examined in detail . They were looking , they told me , for pornographic , obscene and adult material . `` The age rating is on the back of each book . '' ( each manga book has ratings like 13+ or 15+ - mine were 13+ ) . I was informed that I could have put different covers on or done anything else I could to get the pornography in and that if I spoke anymore , the books would be seized . So I stood there and watched my previously new books get examined page by page , thumbed through and pressed open because it was assumed if I read manga , that I was a sex offender .
For more information , read the ComicsAlliance article about protecting your comics at the Canadian border , the memorandum by Matheson 's legal team , and the CBLDF advisory for more information .
Narrowing down risk factors that are specific to Alzheimer 's disease and other dementia-related conditions has become increasingly more important seeing as some of these factors follow a person throughout their life . A recent study conducted by researchers from the University of Southern California has found that people who have suffered from high anxiety levels at some point in their lifetime have a 48 percent higher risk for dementia compared to those who have not experienced anxiety .
`` Anxiety , especially in older adults , has been relatively understudied compared to depression , '' said Andrew Petkus , a postdoctoral research associate of psychology in the USC Dornsife College of Letters , Arts , and Sciences , in a statement . `` Depression seems more evident in adulthood , but it 's usually episodic . Anxiety , though , tends to be a chronic lifelong problem , and that 's why people tend to write off anxiety as part of someone 's personality . ''
Petkus and their colleagues examined 28 years of data taken from the Swedish Adoption Twin Study of Aging , which included 1,082 twins , both fraternal and identical . Participants were asked to complete in-person tests every three years , several questionnaires , and be screened for dementia . Researchers compared the dementia risk for those who reported high anxiety to those who reported lower anxiety levels .
Participants with anxiety who end up developing dementia `` are people that experience more than usual symptoms of anxiety , '' Gatz explained . The research team found that participants with high levels of anxiety also had high levels of stress hormones , like cortisol . Past research has shown the continually high levels of cortisol can damage various areas of the brain , including the hippocampus , which is responsible for memory storage , and the frontal cortex , which is responsible for high-level thinking .
`` They are people who you would say operate at a 'high level of anxiety , ' '' said Margaret Gatz , a professor of psychology in the USC Dornsife College of Letters . `` They are frantic , frazzled people . Those in the high anxiety group were about 1.5 times more likely to develop dementia ''
Findings also revealed that the relationship between anxiety and dementia was stronger among fraternal twins who had only one twin develop dementia compared to identical twins . This could point to genetic factors shared by anxiety and dementia . Although a number of recent studies have examined the link between dementia and psychological variables , such as anxiety and depression , none have established a link between anxiety and dementia that was independent of depression 's role .
Source : Gatz M , Pederson N , Kremen W , Wetherell J , Reynolds C , Petkus A.Anxiety is associated with increased risk of dementia in older Swedish twins . Alzheimer 's & Dementia . 2015 .
Ahh the NFL Draft . It truly is one of my favourite events of the year . Not really because it gives me hope that the Steelers will find some new star player that will get them over the hump for Lombardi # 7 ( my dumb fan brain has already convinced me that TJ Watt is gon na be an absolute sack machine that can line up both at inside & outside linebacker ) , but mostly because of NFL Draft Grades . NFL Draft Grades are genuinely the premier exemplification that when it comes to predicting the future career of a 21 year old prospect , nobody ( even the experts ) really knows just what the fuck they 're talking about . In celebration of this , I decided to look back at the 2011–2012–2013–2014 Bleacher Report NFL Draft Grades and highlight some of the hilariously inaccurate treasures . I will say this is n't meant to attack the kind folks over at Bleacher Report , I could have picked literally any other website and yielded just as hilarious hindsight results , but I used the refined research method of taking the website that kept popping up in the first few links of a comprehensive 5-second Google search . Anyways , enough chitter chatter , let 's go right ahead and take a deep dive into beautiful world of ridiculously off the mark NFL Draft Grades :
2011 :
In terms of volume , the 2011 draft grades actually did n't have that many completely out of left field grades , at least by the standards of the draft grade world , which can be best compared to the level of excellence United Airline 's HR Department uses when training their employees in customer service . However , there were still 2 gems which stood out from the pack :
Jake Locker ( B+ ) & Julio Jones ( C )
Apparently drafting Julio Jones , pretty much the only human being capable of doing things like this and this , 2 picks before a now retired 26 year old quarterback who has a spectacular 9 wins & 14 losses in their lengthy 4 year career was a not a very smart move for the Atlanta Falcons and a brilliant move for the Tennessee Titans . Could this draft day blunder be the penultimate reason they blew a 28-3 3rd quarter lead in the Super Bowl ? Well it 's hard to say . Julio 's ongoing career receiving yards ( 7,610 ) are about literally 153 % higher than Jakey Locker-Room Talk 's now finished career 4950 passing yards . I will say in the defence of sports writers most of the analysis for Julio actually projected that they would be a pretty good wide receiver , their biggest gripe with the pick was that Atlanta gave up too much to trade up from 27th to 6th with the Cleveland Browns for the future hall of fame receiver .
What did that “ too much ” ultimately end up being ? That would be a group of players that could probably fill up its own All-Bust Squad ; a now retired full back that I wo n't even bother naming , Phil Taylor & Greg Little , both of whom have n't seen a pro football snap since 2014 and finally Brandon Weeden , who was about 75 years old at the time they were drafted and showed no sign of discernible upside or skills at the quarterback position . On the bright side for the Browns Phil Taylor did get an “ A ” in these draft grades so I guess you could say this trade was a classic win-win for everyone involved . As you 'll find out shortly with a few more notable examples of Brownian incompetence , any time Cleveland calls you to make a trade , you should always accept that trade even if it sounds bad at the time . The Browns curse is a very real and strong force that you can benefit greatly from as an opposing team and in the viciously competitive business that is the National Football League of America no opportunity should go unclaimed .
2012 :
The 2012 Draft Grades has more treasures than there is in all 47 of the shitty Pirates of the Caribbean sequels combined . The sheer volume and degree of completely incorrect draft grades from this year would be enough to build the Great Wall of Failed Takes . With that being said , why do n't we begin with Subway Bobby himself :
Robert Griffin III ( A+ ) :
Good old RG3 , the infamous one season wonder , or as I like to call them the Carly Rae-Jepsen of the NFL . If you were looking at this “ A+ ” perfect grading right after their rookie season you 'd be wondering why I would include them on this list , you 'd be said “ what ? ! ? the Redskins nailed this pick ! ” However , the typical successful NFL career lasts longer than 6 months , something that has been much easier said than done for Baylor Bobby . Take a look at their stats since that award winning season :
If that 's the standards that needed to be met to get a perfect “ A+ ” grade in school than Forrest Gump could probably get into Harvard Medical School . But alas , that 's the nature of grading your pupils before they actually take the test . An extra layer of this hysterically fallacious draft grade is this tidbit from Redskins full draft report card :
“ Their first pick gets an A+ . Their third pick gets an F. Why the Redskins would draft two quarterbacks in their first four selections is beyond me . ”
Now I 'll give this analyst some credit , they were right in questioning the Washington Dan Snyders ' decision to draft 2 quarterbacks in the same draft . However , where they were mistaken is that they probably should 've gone with the value pick and now current starter Kirk Cousins and kept the astronomical legion of draft picks they traded up for RG-LCL-Sprain . Finally , I would be remised not to mention how poetic it is that there 's a very real possibility that after all is said and done they will have taken the last snap of their career in a Cleveland Browns uniform . It is genuinely awe-inspiring that even in one of the few instances that a team not from Ohio completely whiffs on not only a top pick but on a first round quarterback , the Browns still finesse their way into the situation .
Trent Richardson ( A+ ) :
I told you this blog would be chalk full of examples of Browns draft incompetence and here we are 3 paragraphs in and they 've been mentioned in all 3 . For most teams , this pick would be hands down the worst in franchise history . However , for the Cleveland Stool Samples it might a contender to crack the top 3 . Nevertheless , this is still a pick with a grade that 's laughably inaccurate for so many reasons . Let 's get the main reason out of the way , Trent Richardson was ( yes “ was ” as they have n't taken a snap in the pros since 2014 ) by all accounts in fact very bad and not good at playing football . I went to check how their career 3.3 yard per carry stacked up against all of the other running backs throughout NFL history . Well , I 'll save you the trouble of clicking on the link , they only include the top 271 and T-Rich is nowhere to be found since they are 0.5 yards away from the last names on this exclusive club of hundreds of RBs .
Unfortunately for the Browns , Richardson 's complete lack of speed and overall skill is not the only thing that makes this pick look so bad in hindsight . Cleveland held the 4th pick in the draft and the first 2 picks were set in stone ( Andrew Luck & the asupervisorstioned RG3 ) while the Vikings , the team that had an in-his-prime Adrian Peterson anchoring their offense , were selecting 3rd . Seems like a perfect situation for the Browns to just sit back and let their guy T-Rich fall into their laps at 4th right ? Guess again ! The Browns gave the Vikings a 4th , 5th & 7th round pick to move up one spot in fear that the Vikings were n't satisfied with this superhuman as the top running back on their depth chart . You did n't need hindsight to know that was a horrible example of asset management by the Clevelamd front office , but hey congratulations on the A+ pick Browns fans ! On the upside at least they had 3 less draft picks to fuck up !
Bruce Irvin ( F- ) & Luke Kuechly ( D ) :
The streak of Cleveland Browns-related picks is finally over ! I guess that 's what happens when you start to look at players who are actually good at football but received bad grades rather than vice-versa . The pictures of these two right above this are pretty self-explanatory but let 's dive in anyways . Despite having 1 DPOY , 3 All-Pro selections , a Super Bowl ring & 2 SB appearances between these two linebackers , their draft grades would put them on academic probation even in the worst community college in Rwanda . Let 's start with Kuechly , here 's an excerpt from their draft grade justification :
“ Kuechly lacks the strength to take on blockers and make plays . ”
So Bleacher Report , your telling me this guy lacked the strength to make plays ? Makes sense to me ! As for Bruce Irvin , their grade just makes me laugh . Does F- even really exist ? The only other time I 've ever seen that grade given out was at Springfield Elementary when Mrs. Krabappel would give Bart back their tests in The Simpsons .
2013 :
Luke Joeckel ( A- ) , Dion Jordan ( A ) & Dee Milliner ( A ) :
Just look at that gauntlet of future hall of fame talent . Luke Joeckel has spent their illustrious 4 year career in the NFL doing their best impression of a subway-turnstile/revolving-door hybrid while cornerback Dee Milliner has been burned more than the Great Hinckly Fire of 1894 and is currently a free agent who has n't taken a snap since 2015 . Here 's what the experts had to say about Sweet Dee :
“ That said , this is a great fit and Milliner 's physicality and athleticism fits with what the Jets like to do with press coverage out on the edge . ”
Finally some accurate analysis . There 's no sarcasm in that statement , I 'm being perfectly serious , letting wide receivers do whatever the hell they want downfield while “ hitting ” them with strength softer than a weak toddler trying to swing around a light pillow is the type of physicality that fits EXACTLY what the Jets like to do . As for the second stud prospect from the 2013 draft to receive a grade of A , Dion Jordan , here 's what NFL analyst Mike Mayock & Hall of Fame Running Back Marshall Faulk a.k.a not Trent Richardson said about them after the Fins picked him :
M.M . : “ This young man , I think he 's got the potential to be the player that I compare them to , which is Jason Taylor , who ironically played for the Miami Dolphins . I also think they look a little bit like an Aldon Smith , and if they put on 20 pounds on that 6-foot-7 frame , some day they might be as good as a DeMarcus Ware . He 's got that kind of edge speed . ”
M.F . : “ Dion Jordan is the guy that you do n't have to scheme to get a sack . They get you a sack . And if you 're going to to compete against the New England Patriots two times a year , you have to be able to just beat a guy 1-on-1 and get a sack and not blitz Tom Brady . You need this guy . ”
I have to say in those whopping 2 years No-Neon Dion played in the league , their 3 sacks and zero forced fumbles in 26 games make it hard to disprove Faulk 's point . As far as Mayock 's Jason Taylor & Demarcus Ware comparisons , Miami legend Dion Jordan 's career numbers actually compare pretty favourably to Ware 's 138.5 sacks & 35 forced fumbles as well as the now second greatest linebacker in Fins history 's 139.5 sacks and 47 forced fumbles . So there you go Bleacher Report , you 're not alone with your overreactive takes about a college prospect 15 minutes after he 's drafted , we 're all prone to doing it . I know it might look bad that they have n't played at all the last 2 seasons , but now that the Seahawks have signed them to a 1 year deal for the upcoming season , sitting out the 2015 & 2016 seasons to take PED 's may very well turn out to be a brilliant career move when we look back on it 5 years from now .
2014 :
Greg Robinson ( A ) , Justin Gilbert ( A- ) :
One of the more positive things to come out of losing the Rams to LA for Saint-Louis was without a doubt the fact that they no longer had to sit through a 3-hour football game featuring Greg Robinson attempt to be done their best impression of an offensive lineman in the NFL . While Justin Gilbert may have been about as effective and menacing as Casper the Friendly Ghost out on the football field , at least they played 36 games which is more than the 16-game length of an NFL season . As you 'll find out shortly if you do n't already know , you sure ca n't say that about every 2014 Browns First Round Pick ! To be honest it 's hard to keep thinking of different ways to express that the Cleveland Browns are in fact bad at drafting talented football players so I 'm just going to move on to another team .
* * SIKE * *
Johnny Manziel ( A+ ) :
You really thought we were done with the Browns did you ? How could I not end this with Johnny Football aka Money Manziel aka Billy Vegas . In the days following 2014 Draft Night , the amount of perfect draft grades being given out to the Browns for this pick vs the amount of bottles Johnny popped was a complete toss up . Here 's what Bleacher Report had to say about Johnny Heisman-Escobar to back up their perfect A+ score :
“ Manziel is going to bring game-changing ability , innovation at the position—even when things break down around him—and he 'll mesh well with Josh Gordon on those long broken-play throws they love so much . ”
I 'm not sure what “ game ” is being referred to when stating they have “ game-changing ability ? Maybe it 's Blackjack and the analyst is talking about their game-changing ability to wear a blond wig/fake mustache disguise while playing ? That may very well be the case , or they could have simply been discussing Manziel 's poised veteran form when popping bottles of Ace of Spades . I will say Bleacher Report was bang on when saying they would mesh well with Josh Gordon , the NFL 's dynamic Cheech & Raver Chong duo is so in-synch that they simultaneously lost their jobs in the NFL to get all drugged up instead . When looking over their career stats I did notice Johnny Football has at least one thing going for him : They have a career 7-7-7 for Touchdowns-Interceptions-Fumbles , so there you go Browns , between that and the A+ grade , jackpot !
Buy Photo Rugby ( Photo : Gannett Wisconsin Media file photo ) Buy Photo
A few local rugby aficionados are trying to introduce the sport to high school students in Sheboygan County .
Ty Wade , a Michigan native who now lives in Cedar Grove , is trying to recruit kids from every corner of the county for their newly formed `` Chargers '' boys rugby club . The team currently has about a dozen athletes , but Wade said he 'd like to at least double that number .
He 's helping start the team with Niel Mattek , another longtime rugby player in the area who 's wanted to start a high school program for years .
`` We 're starting from scratch , '' said Wade , the club 's president . They first played the game at Western Michigan University in the early 1990s before playing briefly in Australia . `` It 's brand new . ''
Wade said the team is running under the purview of the Wisconsin Rugby Football Union and aims to draw athletes from any high school in the county . Practices are already up and running Sunday evenings at Sheboygan Falls High School . The club is aiming to play in a scrimmage at the end of March , with matches running in April and May .
`` We 've been wanting to do it for a long time , '' said Mattek , who started playing the sport about 20 years ago and was one of the founding members of the former Sheboygan Sharks adult men 's rugby team . That team has since dissolved .
Pushback from parents and coaches in the area concerned about injuries has for years prevented the men from launching the high school club , Mattek said . But they noted they believe rugby is a `` very safe game . ''
`` Until you learn the rules and know all the rules , all you see on TV is the big highlight , light-'em-up hits , '' Mattek said . `` Those are actually very few and far between in the actual game of rugby . ''
Involvement in the sport has been on the rise the last few years , said Kurt Weaver , the youth and high school director for USA Rugby , the game 's national governing organization . The number of athletes in youth and high school programs affiliated with the national organization has roughly doubled since 2006-07 , they said .
`` You pretty much just need a ball and a field , '' Weaver said , noting the sport 's relative low cost compared to games like football help make rugby attractive for some schools .
Weaver added the sport is `` inclusive '' — both boys and girls can play — which might also add to its attractiveness and popularity . And increasing exposure of the game on TV and in the sports world in general — the Olympics will reintroduce rugby in the 2016 games in Brazil — are also helping spur growth in youth involvement , they said .
Wade said the team now is only for boys , but said he 'd like to expand in the future to also include girls .
`` First minute I was out there , the adrenaline rush and the nerves — there was nothing like it , '' said Mattek , who played rugby for the first time in Oshkosh while they were attending a nearby college . `` And these kids will find it out too once they start playing . It will become their favorite sport .
`` I 'm very encouraged , '' they said of the kids who have already gotten involved . `` We 've had a couple practices and the kids are , they 're loving it . They 're absolutely loving it . ''
The rundown
What :
Sheboygan County high school rugby club team
When :
Practices run 5-7:30 p.m. Sundays . Matches will be Mondays , Wednesdays or Fridays in April and May .
Where :
Home matches will be in Cedar Grove . Practices currently are at Sheboygan Falls High School
Synopsis :
The club is open to male students at Sheboygan County high schools . No previous rugby experience is required to join the club .
Contact :
For information , call club president Ty Wade at 262-388-1057
The members of iRacing.com have named 2011 NASCAR iRacing.com Series World Champion ( NiSWC ) Ray Alfalla and Trading Paints ' Steve Luvender iRacers of the Year . The members selected Alfalla ( Driver of the Year ) and Luvender ( Member of the Year ) from an outstanding field of nominees during voting between December 15 and 31 , 2011 .
Alfalla scored three wins and eight more top five finishes en route to the 2011 NiSWC , clinching the title with one race remaining in the season . In addition , they enhanced their reputation as a fine all ‘ round sim racer by taking a pair of top five finishes en route to fifteenth in the NVIDIA Grand Prix Series ( NGPS ) .
“ First I 'd like to thank all of the iRacers who voted for me . This is the icing on the cake to a great year , not just for me but for iRacing , ” said Alfalla , who will be featured in Racer magazine 's upcoming Drivers of the Year issue . “ There are so many wonderful people on the service , not just good sim racers but great sportsmen . I considered myself fortunate to have done well in both the NiSWC and NGPS , but for the members to vote me Driver of the Year is truly a special honor . ”
The iRacer Member of the Year is awarded to a member for their “ technical contributions , helping other drivers and/or simply adding to the fun , fellowship and sense of community. ” As founder of Trading Paints , the service which enables iRacers to share their custom-designed vehicle paint schemes with other members , Luvender is a most deserving winner of the award .
“ This is quite an honor—not just for me personally , but for everyone connected with Trading Paints , ” said Luvender , “ especially our programmer , Shawn Brant . Without Shawn 's constant efforts and the ongoing support of the iRacing community , Trading Paints would n't exist in its current form today . There were a lot of deserving people nominated for Member of the Year who formed the iRacing community into what it is today through efforts of their own , which makes it even more gratifying to have been chosen for the award by the iRacing membership . ”
“ On behalf of everyone at iRacing , I 'm delighted to congratulate Ray and Steve on being named iRacers of the Year , ” said Tony Gardner , president of iRacing.com . “ Being selected for these awards by our membership is a real tribute to the contributions Ray and Steve made to iRacing , on and off the virtual race tracks . That they were chosen from a field of truly outstanding candidates only serves to underline the significance of their achievements . ”
In addition to Alfalla , candidates for the iRacing Driver of the Year included Chris Hughson , Greger Huttu , Hugo Luis and Yang Ou . The iRacing members selected Luvender as iRacing Member of the Year from a field featuring John Bodin , Glenn Chalder , Rusty Greer , Chris Hall , Nick Neben , Pete Ness , Tim Terry , Stephane Turpin and Jari Ylimainen .
Cytobot Gives Early Red Tide Warning
Automated underwater microscope detects unexpected harmful algal bloom
An automated underwater microscope developed by scientists at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) detected an unexpected bloom of toxic algae in the Gulf of Mexico in February 2008 . The fortunate early warning prompted officials to recall shellfish and close down shellfish harvesting , just days before a major regional oyster festival .
The instrument , called the Imaging FlowCytobot , was originally designed as a basic research tool to reveal the ebb and flow of a diverse range of microscopic plant and animal life in the ocean , said its developers , Rob Olson and Heidi Sosik . It sits underwater—photographing and counting plankton 24 hours a day for months at a time , and relaying information back to shore via fiber-optic cable .
In the fall of 2007 , Sosik and Olson collaborated with biological oceanographer Lisa Campbell at Texas A & M University to deploy the device in the Gulf of Mexico to look for seasonal blooms of toxic algae called Karenia brevis . The algae accumulate in filter-feeding shellfish , making them dangerous for human consumption .
In mid-February , Campbell began to notice that the Imaging FlowCytobot was detecting rising levels of another toxic algae , Dinophysis cf . ovum , which causes diarrhetic shellfish poisoning in humans . Symptoms include nausea , cramping , vomiting , and diarrhea . Cooking the shellfish does not destroy the toxin .
“ We had never before observed a bloom of Dinophysis cf . ovum at such levels in the Gulf of Mexico , ” Campbell said .
In early March , Texas health officials closed local bays to shellfish harvesting and recalled Texas oysters , clams , and mussels . The Fulton Oysterfest , which attracts thousands of visitors , went on as scheduled March 6 to 8—by bringing in shellfish from non-tainted waters . No shellfish-related human illness was reported .
`` We were looking for Karenia brevis and were n't expecting to find a bloom of something else , '' Sosik said . “ No one necessarily would have looked for these algae until after people had gotten sick . ''
“ This is exactly what an early warning system should be , ” Campbell said . “ It should detect a bloom before people get sick . So often , we do n't figure out that there is a bloom until people are ill , which is too late . The Imaging FlowCytobot has proven itself effective for providing an early warning . ”
Olson said it was `` very satisfying to find that a technology we developed as a research tool can be so effective for protecting human health. ” They and Sosik were recently awarded funding from the National Oceanographic Partnership Program to work with a commercial partner to design and build a version of the Imaging FlowCytobot for commercial use .
“ This will ultimately enable more widespread use of this technology by scientists and resource managers , ” Sosik said .
Funding for Campbell 's monitoring program and construction of the instrument was provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Cooperative Institute for Coastal and Estuarine Environmental Technology ( CICEET ) .
Funding for instrument development and earlier prototypes of the FlowCytobot and the Imaging Flow Cytobot was provided by WHOI—through its Ocean Life Institute , Coastal Ocean Institute , Bigelow Chair , and Access to the Sea Fund—and by the National Science Foundation . The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation has funded Olson 's and Sosik 's continuing work on automated submersible flow cytometry .
If readers thought information a CDC whistleblower revealed in the movie VAXXED was disturbingly shocking , absolutely regrettable , and pure scientific fraud , what you are about to learn regarding the Anthrax vaccines given to U.S. military personnel , plus how the U.S. government and armed services top brass reacted regarding Anthrax-vaccine injuries , aka “ Gulf War Syndrome , ” and subsequently neglected vaccine-damaged service people ought to have everyone in this country , regardless of your stand on vaccinations—and especially the U.S. Congress—literally “ up in arms ” demanding ALL vaccinations be stopped as “ crimes against humanity . ”
Readers wo n't believe the in-person testimonials they hear ! Furthermore , as mentioned in thisDemocracy Now 45 minute exposé “ Direct Order ” , even the Hitler regime did n't do that to its military personnel !
We hear dramatic story after story of service personnel , who became dramatically ill after receiving a series of Anthrax vaccines prior being deployed to the Middle East starting in 1998 .
Private Kamila Iwanowska refused to take the Anthrax vaccine and they were discharged .
There are over 600,000 men and women in the U.S. military with thousands ill , including many have died . The military says it 's an “ emotional ailment ” even though the Anthrax vaccine was not approved by the FDA ! It 's been called a “ misguided experiment . ”
Len Schroeter , an attorney who prosecuted many Vietnam era Agent Orange cases , offers that the horrors of human experimentation are done to this day and are done largely by governments , including the United States .
Earl Staufer 's story of how they suffered every day for a year-and-a-half is totally upsetting ! Forty-some months [ as of the interview ] they complain of constant screaming sounds in their ears !
We learn that President Bill Clinton signed Presidential Executive Order 13139 that allows DoD to experiment on service personnel without their consent or knowledge , if deemed in the interest of national security . Is that what 's going on with chemtrails now ?
Thirty percent of those vaccinated in the military confirmed vaccine damage , aka Gulf War Syndrome . Many military careers—especially pilots—ended due to Anthrax vaccine damage . It was common knowledge in the services that vaccinees were getting harmed and sick after taking the Anthrax vaccine .
Frank Fischer , a Lt. Col. MD in the Air Force Reserve Medical Corps , is vaccine-damaged . You can not believe how they were treated by the dispensing physician , who gave them the shot and who refused to answer their questions regarding what they had given him !
Many of the Anthrax-vaccine-damaged-vaccinees symptoms remind me of the same health issues that young girls have experienced after receiving the HPV vaccines !
Rich Rovet , a male nurse and a U.S. Air Force member , finds the way vaccine-damaged service people were treated unconscionable ; they testified before a congressional hearing . They had doubts about the controversial vaccine—Anthrax—being given on the flu shot line concomitant with other vaccines ! How can you determine if a vaccine causes an illness or adverse reaction ?
For maybe a half century , the people at Ft. Detrick and people at the CDC had been working with Anthrax , unbeknownst to anyone ! A secret initiative under a bioterrorism effort long before 9-11 ? The Anthrax vaccines could not pass FDA inspection ; they apparently were adulterated ! That bodes evil for the American public , according to Sammy R Young , retired Air Force Medical Service Corps Reserve Colonel .
Captain Jon Buck , U.S. Air Force emergency physician , did not want to receive the vaccine ! They refused several types of orders citing informed consent laws , which were not honored regarding Anthrax vaccines . They went through a court martial trial ; found guilty and fined $ 21,000 ; reprimanded and sentenced to 60 days on base ! Nine-eleven happened and you have to hear what happened next .
At 27:23 on the timeline , you can see an Air Force jet spraying what looks like chemtrails . Whoa !
A Major was forced out of the Connecticut National Guard for refusing to take vaccines or mandate their men take them , so their commander formed an investigation ‘ tiger ' team . Thirteen Anthrax studies were produced since 1997 when during the first 30-37 years there were only 3 studies done ! Army did all the research ; owns the patents ; paid for the licensing studies ; and the U.S. Army was the sole customer since 1970 !
Damaged vaccinees were told in hospital that they had vaccine damage , but later told not so !
The vaccine program was suspended at Dover Air Force Base , and you must hear what happened with all the ‘ big guns ' sent in to convince them that the Anthrax vaccine was ‘ safe ' and nobody is sick from the vaccine ! There was no concern about the safety of the Anthrax vaccine and squalene was never in the vaccine . So why do anti-squalene antibodies show up in vaccinees ' systems ? How come FDA found it in five vaccine lots ? Oh , the lies that accompany vaccines at all levels ! Listen for yourself . Readers really have to hear what 's called “ back pedaling ” by a commanding officer !
Instead of being sprayed with a chemical this time , we are being injected with it . What 's the difference ? Even the Nazis did n't experiment on their own troops !
Protect the institution ; do n't expose the truth—seems to be the MO at CDC , FDA , and the Armed Services .
There were 30 major violations in the manufacturing process by BioPort , the vaccine manufacturer , and it was shut down by FDA until 2002 . In January 2002 , the Anthrax vaccinefinally was FDA approved ! How come the armed services were giving it to service people in 1997 ? Where 's Congressional oversight ? What 's the Veterans Administration doing for vaccine-injured military personnel ?
This detailed exposé about an unapproved Anthrax vaccine apparently made with squalene that has caused thousands of service men and women to become vaccine-damaged must not be swept under any or all administrative carpets as a new classification , i.e. , “ Gulf War Syndrome , ” but truly for what it is : vaccine damage .
Furthermore , there are two undeniable smoking guns that it 's Anthrax vaccine damage . They are : 1 ) Kuwaitis , Israelis and Egyptians , who fought in the Gulf War , did not experience Gulf War Syndrome . Furthermore , 2 ) none of those military personnel received an Anthrax vaccine , only U.S. personnel . Is it a mere coincidence or is there a vaccine-damage correlation with causation variable involved ?
Do n't our armed services personnel deserve better treatment than they have gotten and are getting regarding vaccine damage being pawned off as an “ emotional disorder ” ?
Here 's a book readers may want to check out about that terrible vaccine tragedy , which happened to military personnel . The book 's subtitle claims “ The Covert Government Experiment That 's Killing Our Soldiers–and Why GI 's Are Only the First Victims . ”
Between Gulf War Syndrome , Autism Spectrum Disorder , and the HPV Gardasil Girls deaths and thousands of adverse events globally , vaccines need to be deep-sixed IF we want to have a functional military and the guarantee of future generations that are productive and procreating individuals .
Resources :
The Anthrax Vaccine Program : An Analysis of the CDC 's Recommendations for Vaccine Use , Meryl Nass , MD
http : //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1447151/
Biological Warfare and Anthrax Vaccine
http : //www.nvic.org/vaccines-and-diseases/anthrax/specialreport.aspx
Anthrax
http : //www.thinktwice.com/anthrax.htm
GAO : Military anthrax shots caused many reactions , prompted some pilots to quit
http : //www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2002/11/gao-military-anthrax-shots-caused-many-reactions-prompted-some-pilots-quit
Catherine J Frompovich ( website ) is a retired natural nutritionist who earned advanced degrees in Nutrition and Holistic Health Sciences , Certification in Orthomolecular Theory and Practice plus Paralegal Studies . Them work has been published in national and airline magazines since the early 1980s . Catherine authored numerous books on health issues along with co-authoring papers and monographs with physicians , nurses , and holistic healthcare professionals . They have been a consumer healthcare researcher 35 years and counting .
Catherine 's latest book , published October 4 , 2013 , is Vaccination Voodoo , What YOU Do n't Know About Vaccines , available on Amazon.com .
Them 2012 book A Cancer Answer , Holistic BREAST Cancer Management , A Guide to Effective & Non-Toxic Treatments , is available on Amazon.com and as a Kindle eBook .
Two of Catherine 's more recent books on Amazon.com are Our Chemical Lives And The Hijacking Of Our DNA , A Probe Into What 's Probably Making Us Sick ( 2009 ) and Lord , How Can I Make It Through Grieving My Loss , An Inspirational Guide Through the Grieving Process ( 2008 )
Catherine 's NEW book : Eat To Beat Disease , Foods Medicinal Qualities ©2016 Catherine J Frompovich coming in Summer 2016
Canopy Growth Corp ( TSE : CGC ) ( OTCMKTS : TWMJF ) ( FRA:11L1 ) CEO Bruce Linton outlines their plans to use the recently announced “ bought deal ” private placement to continue to drive Canopy 's leadership position in the global marijuana industry .
Listen to the podcast interview with Bruce Linton : https : //www.midasletter.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/Bruce-Linton-Canopy-Growth-161207-podcast.mp3
Transcript :
James West : Okay , so let 's talk a bit about your bought deal financing , $ 60 million , what are you going to use that for ?
Bruce Linton : Yeah . So the concept we have is that we made an acquisition in Germany , Quebec and Ontario . And each of these locations has the opportunity to now , once acquired , grow organically , meaning increase what they are from the point of acquisition . So that means in Quebec , building a facility ; it means with the ones in Ontario , expanding facilities . It means in Germany being prepared to create what 's necessary to enter the market on that property .
So 60 mil seemed about the right number so that you can commence all that , and then in Canada , once we spend it all , there 's some possibility that the Tier Two banks will then lend back to us , but it 's not a generally available instrument to say ‘ lend me the money so I can build it ' . The best you can hope for is , ‘ I 've built it , will you give me some of the money back in the form of a mortgage ' .
James West : Interesting . So , in the same press release , you announced that you had engaged Cowen and Company LLC as financial advisor in the United States . Are we to read into that that you might be on a shopping trip in the United States ?
Bruce Linton : No . So we are n't . It is illegal to participate in touching the cannabis crops in America , at a Federal level . The reason that matters is , public companies who want to provide audited financial statements to their investors have a problem when you enter America , in my opinion and that of Deloitte , which is , if I were doing anything else that was federally illegal – moving around materials that the government did n't agree with it would be pretty hard to have an auditor give you a clean audit on that .
So if we do any acquisitions in America , it wo n't be related to production or illegal activities . That does n't mean there are n't a number of products that have been evolved in that market that may not be a fit , but specifically nothing which is currently involved in production , distribution or touching Canada 's plan .
James West : Okay . So is there any insight you can shed as to why you 've retained Cowen ?
Bruce Linton : I think Cowen , if you look back at the history of Cowen , they 've had a primary position in the activities of GW in terms of their listing in the US . They seem to have been the first US investment bank of any size which has put an analyst dedicated to the topic . They 've initiated tours that brought parties to Canada , and they 're now creating a plan to institutionally introduce cannabis to America . So it seems to me that they have occupied the leadership position in America as far as analysts and investment bankers based at a real bank , and so whatever they do , we 'd like to work with them .
James West : Sure . So with Jeff Sessions nominated as Attorney General for Donald Trump 's cabinet , and their stance against medical marijuana and the legalization of marijuana generally well known , how do you see that impacting your opportunity as Canada 's premier medical marijuana provider , and potentially Canada 's premier recreational marijuana provider ?
Bruce Linton : So for all the years since we started , I 've been very clear we only participate in markets which are legally available at each and every level of government , so America has never been on our radar . But I think substantial American investors have found Canada , and Canopy , as a place to invest , and I suspect the clarity of that individual will make it ever more certain that they should keep looking north of the border to deploy their capital . They should then see how Canada rolls out and whether or not it introduces medical or works in the medical implementation in Brazil or the EU . It does n't mean that there are n't roots for capital or opportunities to expand , it just means that America is going to be even more uncertain as to what 's going on . But that 's never been a market for us , and wo n't be until the Feds say you can come in , please do so .
James West : Actually what I was getting at , Bruce , was , with America potentially regressing a bit in their progress towards legalization of marijuana for medical purposes and recreational purposes at the Federal level , does that give you a better position to compete globally in the case of Germany being a case in point ?
Bruce Linton : Yeah , no , I do n't think that there are any – it definitely does not hurt our ability to advance . I would say it does make a much more clear path for the capital , and I think it just makes a chance for Canada to really stand out on our policy . There was a prior Trudeau who took a different stance on things about Cuba , and maybe this one 's different stance is related to cannabis .
James West : Mm-hmm . So now what do you make of all of the money flowing into all of the other LPs in Canada ? I mean , the number of bought deals in the last 10 days alone are over $ 200 million , and some have suggested externally that there is a mania and a bubble underway . I do n't particularly agree with it , but what 's your opinion of that ?
Bruce Linton : I think everybody should be thoughtful when they 're looking at where they put their capital , because often you want to consider , am I paying for what exists or am I paying to create it ? I 'd leave that perspective about that . But I think that most sources of capital see what 's happening here is it 's almost like , you know , you can have a technology acceleration period which may have started in Silicon Valley , but really , the only place that there 's a real market with real opportunities to invest is in Canada , and the parties who have come to see what we 're doing from around the world , it just gets more and more . It 's unbelievable to me how interested such huge pools of capital are from around the world .
James West : Yeah . So now let 's talk a bit about your recent acquisitions , Mettrum and Vert .
Bruce Linton : And Germany , do n't forget . Come on to Germany , James .
James West : We 'll get there . I 'm trying , Bruce , it 's moving a little quick ! So now with these purchases in Canada , some might say that you are defending market share and creating barriers to competition , while others might say that you 're merely acquiring distribution and a clientele . Which is it ? Is it both , or is it one or the other , more so ?
Bruce Linton : I think it 's more like , when we look at things that we might want to acquire or not , we look at , what do they have as far as a current footprint , how well that can footprint expand . Because I think whatever everybody 's got going now , at best , it 's a third of what we need to have by the end of 2017 . So this is not about the stretching exercise that we currently call the market ; it 's about being orderly and prepared , so that as the market actually becomes some meaningful sum , you know , 100,000 patients moving in means we 've done a good job of educating doctors , but it has n't really moved the needle yet on the number of people who want access .
So this is about a platform that can actually make a big difference , because it is substantial . And oddly , I 've had a number of discussions with people who are sort of rebellious proponents of the old way , and I think in a weird way , we get along after a while because if we do n't succeed in creating a big platform , we ca n't educate 10,000 doctors a year on why this is a reasonable thing . We ca n't push on getting a GST exemption on taxation . We ca n't necessarily , without some substantial size , really move oils production through drug identification number procedures so that people can start to expect the provincial programs to pay for it .
So buying all these companies gives us a breadth of scope that makes all those programs possible .
James West : Okay , let 's move to Germany now . What changed in Germany that has suddenly enabled you to go in there and sort of set up shop through an acquisition before domestic German production got ahead of steam ? How did that happen ?
Bruce Linton : Well , so the German government has had a program and they signaled , I think it was in May or so , that they intended to consider this as a product which would become part of the medical operations in the country . And they do n't have domestic production , so they let us as Canopy be the first company outside of Europe to send the product to them legally , and only one other had done so .
So when you do that , you have a partner on the other side of the ocean who gets the permit from the government to receive the import , and we worked really well with these guys over the first year and a half , so it made sense to bring everything together so that we could think about next steps and have people in the country as well as people here . So that was sort of what drove it , and now , whatever 's up for Europe , I feel like we at least have a PhD or neurologist and a strong business professional on a small team that all know how to kind of work through getting licenses .
James West : Can you distribute your product throughout Europe because of your footprint in Germany , or is that something you 've got to still do country by country ?
Bruce Linton : So far , it 's country by country , and I think it will continue to be , because it is governed in a bit of a tricky way , even it 's EU , it 's still a narcotic and a number of other considerations , and I think a lot of the countries each want to have their own controlled production , and whether or not it 's permissible . So it 's kind of a nice start to make sure that we do n't miss anything over there .
James West : Yeah , you bet . Okay , Bruce , let 's leave it there . Very insightful as usual . Thank you so much for your time today .
Bruce Linton : Hey , thanks for reaching me .
The total number of refugee arrivals to Germany could raise to 200,000-300,000 by the end of the year as a result of family reunification , according to the German Foreign Ministry .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — The German Foreign Ministry is expecting up to 300,000 refugees from Syria and Iraq to arrive in Germany this year , the Welt newspaper reported on Sunday .
On Friday , the German Federal Office for Migration and Refugees said that a little over 90,000 asylum seekers arrived in the country in the first half of 2017 , while the office forecast that the number can double by the end of the year .
© AFP 2018 / DPA/Bernd Von Jutrczenka Merkel Says Germany Able to Limit Migration to Avoid Repeat of Refugee Crisis
According to the Welt newspaper , citing the ministry 's answer to an information request , the total number of refugee arrivals could raise to 200,000-300,000 by the end of the year as a result of family reunification .
Germany faced an influx of refugees , as it has been the key destination for thousands of migrants coming to Europe since the country announced an open-door refugee policy in the fall of 2015 . According to the German Interior Ministry , some 280,000 refugees came to Germany in 2016 , which is lower than the 890,000 arrivals recorded in the previous year .
The Great Pyramids of Egypt . The Great Wall of China . The Taj Mahal . The Roman Colosseum . We all know that these are many of the great wonders of the world . But I can think of one that is even more unexplainable than these and it 's right here in America . It 's the hatred that people have for President Obama . I was recently talking with someone who does n't follow politics regularly and they asked why people hated the president so much and what they have done so wrong . As I began to think about it , I could n't come up with an answer . There 's so much negative publicity and flat-out lies surrounding them that the everyday American does n't know just what this administration has done in the three years they 've been in power . Allow me to elaborate further .
One of the biggest “ problems ” that people are making a fuss about is illegal immigration . Everyone is saying that the Obama administration has FAILED on controlling the borders . Well , the problem is that the facts just do n't support this claim . Since taking office , the Obama administration has deported over 1.4 million illegal immigrants . People say that we do n't have enough “ boots on the ground ” at the border . Until January of 2012 , the number of guard troops along the border was at record highs and grew every month . The reason for the decrease of troops in 2012 can be explained by the next statistic . People argue that despite all their efforts , we still have a huge mass of illegals crossing the borders every day . Well again , the numbers do n't add up . As of 2011 , the net number of illegal immigrants entering the US was at zero . With the increased number of border troops , the number of immigrants caught trying to enter the country has dropped significantly from 1 million in 2005 , to 286,000 in 2011 . This is a clear sign that fewer immigrants are trying to enter the country illegally . Because of this , we can scale down the number of border patrol agents .
Another reason that people claim to hate the president is because he 's spending too much money and is bankrupting the country . The biggest spending items in 2009 were the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . President Obama has ended the war in Iraq , eliminating that spending issue . He 's scaled down the war in Afghanistan , which means scaling down the spending there as well . As for annual spending , the Obama administration has one of the lowest growth rates in recent history . Annual spending has gone up just 1.4 % under President Obama . When people simply look at the dollar amounts they will be led to believe that President Obama is spending more in dollars than “ every president in history combined ” as one graphic claims . But the fact of the matter is that most of the spending has been in place before they took office ( i.e . : 2 wars , TARP , unemployment , welfare increases , etc. ) . As a comparison , annual spending under George W. Bush went up 7.3 % in their first term and 8.1 % in their second ; under Clinton it went up 3.2 % their first year and 3.9 % their second year ; under Bush Sr. it went up 5.4 % ; and under Reagan it went up 8.7 % their first year and 4.9 % their second year . Under the Obama administrations budget , federal spending fell 0.7 % in 2010 , rose 4.3 % in 2011 , is set to rise 0.7 % in 2012 , and scheduled to fall by 1.3 % in 2013 . This will equal federal spending under President Obama going from $ 3.52 trillion a year in 2009 , to just $ 3.58 trillion in 2013…an increase in a whole 0.4 % . So what does all this mean ? President Obama is reducing spending and holding back spending on new projects , meaning the growth of national debt has slowed under their presidency .
Another reason for the “ Obummer bashing ” by the right is because of the economy . They like to say that the economy has n't improved under this administration . This is something most people do n't really understand because a lot of people use the poor man 's economic scale… “ I 'm not seeing growth so it 's not happening. ” Well it 's more complicated than that . We need to look at the numbers . The first number that will indicate an improving economy is consumer spending . Consumer spending has gone up each of the last 3 quarters , quite significantly over the past year and steadily over the entirety of the administration 's time in office . With these steady increases in consumer spending , we 've seen the private sector creating more jobs . Unemployment has fallen nearly every month over the last two plus years , with the exception of May 2012 in which it remained the same thanks to decreases in construction jobs ( which offset the growths in health care , transportation , and warehousing ) . The rate sits at 8.2 % and will probably fall below 8 % by the time of the election this November . Many argue that President Obama failed to live up to their promise to get it under 7 % by the end of their first term if their stimulus was passed and that 's partially true . However , the entire stimulus was not spent . Plus , growing economic concerns across Europe have slowed the economic growth here as well , which could n't have been predicted then either . And finally , the rate would already be under 7 % if public sector jobs were being created and not cut . Thanks to the TEA Party members of congress calling for cuts in public sector spending , we 've seen layoffs in education and other government fields , which add to the unemployment rate . Under President Reagan , their huge drop in unemployment was almost entirely thanks to public sector job growth , hence the massive growth of public debt during their presidency . Also , the stock market is back to pre-recession levels and GM is back to # 1 in the world in auto sales . So I say ALL of that , to say this : the economy is slowly and steadily improving under this presidency . It may not be growing at 4 or 5 % but that 's because of the severity of the recession we 're recovering from .
The last reason that most people give for hating President Black Panther is that he 's forced government health care on us all . Well , I do n't know how exactly requiring everyone to purchase health care from PRIVATE health care providers is “ government health care ” but whatever . They say that the fact that “ a majority of Americans do n't want the law ” although that can be disputed . They say that the law is causing health care premiums to go up by $ 1,300 on people after President Obama promised they would fall by $ 2,200 . Well the problem with this is two-fold . For one , the law has n't even been fully implemented yet ( and wo n't until 2014 ) so there 's no logical way for it to cause health care premiums to rise . Secondly , the promise the president made was that premiums would be $ 2,200 lower on average if the bill was passed compared to what they would be if it was not passed , NOT $ 2,200 lower than they were in 2010 . Look , I do n't like having to pay for auto insurance every month but it 's for the betterment of society . The health insurance mandate is the same way . Obviously telling people they have to buy something is going to cause negativity . However , it 's good for the overall good of the people . And as an aside here , I 'm certainly not crazy about the Affordable Care Act , as I think a single payer system is the way to go , but it 's a start . We need to take regulate the health insurance companies if we want to see the dramatic drops in health care premiums that people are hoping for .
So there it is . The biggest reasons that people hate the president and not one holds water . They hate them because he 's not doing anything about immigration but we 're at a net increase of ZERO . They hate them because he 's spending us into bankruptcy but federal spending is scheduled to grow slower under them than any president since Dwight Eisenhower . They hate them because the economy is n't improving but EVERY economic index points to the complete opposite fact . They hate them because he 's passed government health care but it 's completely private health care companies providing the insurance with no government options . They hate them because they interceded in Libya but hate them because he 's not acted in Syria . They hate them because they wanted to close Gitmo , but ridicule them because he 's not closed it . They hate them for being too soft on terrorists , but accuse them of being a war criminal for using drone strikes to take out the leaders of the terrorist organizations that want to destroy us . They hate them for being a socialistic , terrorist appeasing , non-American , Muslim that 's secretly plotting the destruction of America…but refuse to accept the reality that he 's actually one of the most cool , calm , and collected president 's we 've ever had . He 's also one of the most centrist presidents 's over the last century . He 's one that is playing their cards close to their chest and is taking the high road as much as possible and is the right man to lead the country for the next four years .
Advertisements
Infosys , India 's iconic outsourcing firm , is also opening four new technology and innovation hubs across the U.S. that will train American workers in areas like cloud , artificial intelligence and big data . The first hub will launch in August 2017 in Indiana , which alone will create 2,000 U.S. jobs by 2021 .
`` Learning and education , along with cultivating top local and global talent , have always been the core of what Infosys brings to clients ; it is what makes us a leader in times of great change . In helping our clients improve their businesses and pursue new kinds of opportunities , we are really excited to bring innovation and education in a fundamental and massive way to American workers , '' Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said in the announcement .
`` It 's so good to welcome Infosys to Indiana , and to expand our growing tech ecosystem with the addition of their estimated 2,000 Hoosier jobs , '' Indiana Gov . Eric Holcomb said in the release .
The announcement follows President Donald Trump 's `` Buy American , Hire American '' executive order , which called for the H-1B visa program to be reviewed . Any changes to the H1-B program could hurt Infosys , which has benefited from the specialized worker non-immigrant visa . Wall Street analysts have already warned that any changes or restrictions to the H1-B program would hurt India 's outsourcing sector , which relies on business from the U.S .
In fact , more than half of Infosys 's sales comes from the U.S. , and Lockheed Martin , U.S. Army , U.S. Navy and IBM are just some of the clients it has served .
Vincenzo Paduano was arrested for pre-meditated murder after the burning body of 22-year-old Sara Di Pietrantonio was found in the outskirts of Rome by their mother in the early hours of Sunday morning , lying close to a car engulfed by flames .
“ I 've never seen a crime as atrocious as this during the 25 years of doing this job , ” Rome Flying Squad chief Luigi Silipo said during a press conference .
Di Pietrantonio , an economics student at Roma Tre University , had left Paduano some time before and had begun a new relationship , Silipo said .
The pair had been together for two years but went through a “ violent period ” a few months ago .
“ He could n't accept that they abandoned him , ” the prosecutor leading the investigation , Maria Monteleone , said .
“ First they set fire to their car , then they chased them and set them alight . ”
Paduano , a security guard , allegedly followed Di Pietrantonio home in the early hours of Sunday , ramming their car into the back of theirs before dousing the vehicle with a flammable liquid and setting it alight . They were able to escape from the car , but they chased after them The student is said to have screamed for help from passing motorists , but nobody stopped .
On Saturday night , Di Pietrantonio had dinner with a friend and later went on to a club .
They sent their mother a message at around 3.30am to say they were on their way back after accompanying their friend home . But after they failed to return , their mother and uncle went looking for them
They found the car in flames , and about 500 metres away , in a restaurant car park , was the girl 's burning body .
After questioning friends and family members , police quickly realized that De Pietrantonio had “ suffered huge psychological abuse ” over the course of the relationship , Silipo said .
“ They split up at least three times . Sara recently started a new relationship . They followed her , at least on two occasions , the last of which was fatal . ”
NEW DELHI : Nearly 20 major US companies like Boeing , Pratt & Whitney , Merck Medtronic and Cargill are heading to Uttar Pradesh next week to explore investment opportunities in the state with the new BJP government headed by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath . The delegation , visiting under the aegis of US-India Strategic Partnership Forum ( USISPF ) , will be interacting with UP Health Minister Siddharth Nath Singh and the chief minister on Monday in Lucknow.USISPF in a statement to ET said UP 's demographic dividend forming the largest consumer base of 200 million in the country and investment incentives offered by the state under the new chief minister “ translates into a business-friendly climate for industry. ” Officials from the US Embassy and US Trade and Development Agency ( USTDA ) will also be a part of the delegation led by the Boeing India President Pratyush Kumar . Others in the delegation include Azure Power CEO , Inderpreet Wadhwa , Cargill India Chairman Siraj Chaudhary as well as executives from Facebook Honeywell , P & G , Oracle and GE Health UP Chief Secretary Rajive Kumar will brief the delegation on investment opportunities along with the UP Industries Development commissioner and principal secretary for industries . UP has recently come up with an Industrial Investment & Employment Promotion Policy to create a framework to stabilize and make existing industries more competitive and to attract and realize new international and national investments in the industrial sector.A session on healthcare has also been organised to help US companies like Merck Sharp & Dhone Corp ( MSD ) , GE Healthcare and Medtronic to focus on initiatives , programs and best practices to overcome roadblocks to greater access and affordability for health care services in UP . Executives from Mastercard , Azure Power , Cargill and Pratt & Whitney will also discuss technology , innovation and entrepreneurship opportunities with UP functionaries.USISPF along with UC Berkeley will launch its first co-innovation laboratory in Allahabad , which has been identified under the 100 smart cities mission . The co-Innovation lab initiative will provide local solutions to local problems by roping in young innovators and startups primarily in the areas of energy , transportation , waste management , healthcare , artificial intelligence , climate and smart agriculture , the USISPF said .
Range-v3 on MSVC is Available on GitHub
We are delighted to announce that the Visual C++ Team just published an implementation of range-v3 on the Microsoft GitHub repo .
This contribution comes hot on the heels of our recent work to improve expression SFINAE on our Visual Studio 2015 Update 3 VC++ compiler . This is the first implementation of the Range TS running in MSVC . In “ Ranges for the Standard Library , Revision 1 ” ( N4128 ) Ranges are defined like this : “ A range is an object that refers to a sequence of elements , conceptually similar to a pair of iterators . One prime motivation for ranges is to give users a simpler syntax for calling algorithms . Rather than this :
std : :vector < int > v { / * … * / } ;
std : :sort ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) ) ;
Ranges would give us a pithier syntax :
std : :sort ( v ) ; ”
More information on range-v3 here
Supporting Ranges is important to our C++ team , as exemplified not only by us hiring one of the key maintainers ( Casey Carter ) , but also with the investments we continue to make in this feature across our entire compiler ( from parsing to code generation ) .
This library release is somewhat of an early beta , but the big pieces are all in place . This branch will be evolving along with MSVC toward parity with upstream range-v3 . This implementation works well with Visual Studio 2015 Update3 but also with Preview 4 of Visual Studio “ 15 ” .
Acquiring the Range v3 implementation is just one github command from now :
git clone https : //github.com/microsoft/Range-V3-VS2015
Please try it out , and let us know what you think . We 're absolutely interested in suggestions , feedback ..
GETTY Chris Smalling is reportedly a target for West Brom
Chris Smalling has fallen down the pecking order at Manchester United and made just 18 Premier League appearances last term . The England international was plagued by injuries and found themselves playing second fiddle to Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for much of the season . The arrival of Victor Lindelof from Benfica this summer has raised further questions about their position at Old Trafford . And the Daily Star claim they could soon be on their way out with West Brom preparing a £10million bid for the former Fulham man .
GETTY Chris Smalling has fallen down the pecking order under Jose Mourinho
The report says the Baggies have retained an interest in the centre-half ever since the end of last season . Tony Pulis is said to admire the 27-year-old and is keen to add some youth to West Brom 's defensive ranks . Smalling could also reunite with their former team-mate Jonny Evans who has been made Baggies captain this season . Pulis knows they will have to act swiftly to sign the defender , however , with Leicester , Stoke and Crystal Palace also showing interest .
Manchester United predicted team to face Real Madrid in pre-season clash Sun , July 23 , 2017 Express Sport predicts how Manchester United will line up in their pre-season clash against Real Madrid Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 12 How will Manchester United line up against Real Madrid ?
The joint US-South Korean exercises scheduled for March will be the largest military drills ever staged on the Korean Peninsula and are both a warning to Pyongyang and an effort to reassure the jittery public in the South .
The parallel Key Resolve and Foal Eagle exercises are scheduled to commence on March 7 , with the field-training exercises that make up Foal Eagle lasting until April 30 . The drills will involve 15,000 US troops , twice the number of previous years , and will serve to demonstrate Washington 's firepower .
The US will deploy a combat aviation brigade to South Korea for the duration of the manoeuvres , as well as a mobile US Marine brigade , an aircraft carrier and its attendant fleet , a nuclear-powered submarine and aeriel tankers to refuel fighter aircraft .
South Korea will commit some 290,000 personnel , including special forces , more than double its usual deployment for the annual drills .
The joint exercises will commence just weeks after North Korea carried out its fifth underground nuclear test and launched a rocket in what analysts claim was a disguised test of long-range ballistic missile technology .
In an additional shot across Pyongyang 's bows , the drills will for the first time simulate scenarios in which the regime of Kim Jong-un , the North Korean leader , has collapsed .
Photo : AP/Ahn Young-joon
The multiple-stage exercises will require the US and South Korean forces to react to war breaking out , operations in and around Pyongyang and the recovery of `` key facilities that are located deep within North Korea '' , a Defence Ministry official told The Korea Herald .
North Korea 's two rocket facilities are in the far north of the country , while analysts believe that many of its military assets are also concealed in networks of tunnels and bunkers close to the Chinese border .
This year 's amphibious manoeuvres - known as the Ssangyong exercises - will be larger and more elaborate than ever before , with 7,000 US troops practicing coming ashore aboard Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft and from landing craft from the USS New Orleans .
Photo : EPA/JEON HEON-KYUN
As well as sending a message to Pyongyang , the exercises are designed to reassure the South Korean public of their security , said Rah Jong-yil , a former head of South Korean intelligence and an expert on the regime in Pyongyang .
`` Recent events here have made South Korean people feel a little insecure , especially the rapid development of the North 's nuclear and missile programmes , so the exercises are a welcome sign of Washington 's guarantee of the alliance '' , they told The Telegraph .
North Korea is expected to express its displeasure at the drills through its state media . In previous years , Pyongyang has described the exercises as the prelude to a pre-emptive nuclear strike `` to infringe on the sovereignty and dignity of the DPRK '' .
In New Orleans ' Lower 9th Ward , Brad Pitt 's Make it Right Foundation has been hard at work constructing innovative sustainable housing since 2007 , and their latest green home is designed by none other than legendary architect Frank Gehry . The vibrant pink and purple home is a contemporary twist on a long-standing New Orleans architectural tradition ; the double-shotgun . Gehry 's two-story update provides separate entrances at opposite sides of the building , with 1,000 square foot of usable balcony space for each unit , including rooftop decks topped off with solar panel shading . We stopped by for the unveiling of this groundbreaking home—which is expected to attain LEED Platinum certification—and checked out its extraordinary array of energy-saving and sustainable features .
© Chad Chenier Photography / Make It Right
In 2007 , Brad Pitt founded the Make it Right Foundation with an ambitious plan to construct 150 new , green homes for returning residents in New Orleans ' Lower 9th Ward , a largely working-class neighborhood which had been devastated two years earlier by Hurricane Katrina . The Frank Gehry-designed home is the 86th project that Make it Right has completed in the area .
With 1,780 square feet of indoor space , the home 's original design includes two two-bedroom , two-bathroom units arranged so that neither of the two units have rooms placed above living spaces for the opposing unit . Linda Santi—the Lower 9th Ward resident who will soon call the unique house ‘ home'—needed a little more space , so the floor plan was rearranged so as to provide them with a 3 bedroom unit , and a modest secondary residence which they will rent out to a neighbor .
The house is constructed with SIP panels and durable fiber cement board siding – Santi themselves picked out the colors for the vibrant home . A soft rose denotes their side of the residence , and a bolder violet covers the rental side . All walls – exterior and interior – were painted with zero VOC paints .
© Chad Chenier Photography / Make It Right
The entrance to each of the homes opens into an eat-in kitchen and living space equipped with Energy Star appliances and fitted with cabinets made from sustainably harvested wood and countertops composed of 75 % recycled materials . The hardwood floors ( which help to provide a traditional , historic feel throughout one of the units ) also utilize post-industrial waste – they contain “ 50 percent less newly harvested wood than conventional alternatives . ”
The home 's utilities are equally sustainable ; a four kilowatt array of Lumos LSX frameless solar modules provides shade for the rooftop decks as it powers the home , while tankless water heaters help to reduce energy consumption . High-velocity , small-duct central air conditioning forces evenly placed jets of cool or warm air into rooms . The system requires fewer resources and less space than traditional systems .
© Chad Chenier Photography / Make It Right
One notable absence is the home 's lack of hurricane shutters . Instead small pegs protrude from the window frames , onto which custom-fitted Kevlar sheets ( think bullet-proof vests ) are attached in preparation for a storm . Used on all Make it Right 's homes , the sheets help to defend against wind and airborne debris in the event of a hurricane , but require less resources and maintenance than traditional shutters , and generate less waste and damage to the home than the plywood boards often drilled onto window frames when a storm approaches .
The house is elevated two to three feet above the minimum requirements for its location , and Make it Right is additionally engaged in efforts to reduce the street-level flooding which New Orleanians are all too familiar with . The City , working in consultation with the Foundation has just laid its first permeable street in the Lower 9th Ward ( also referred to as rice krispie roads ) . Several other streets are currently being resurfaced in the hopes that the new material will enable rain from heavy summer storms to drain through the streets .
© Chad Chenier Photography / Make It Right
The home is a unique and bold addition to a project which has dramatically changed the face of a neighborhood left devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . As a canal levee breached less than three blocks from what is now the site of the Frank Gehry home , the neighborhood was inundated by a twenty-five-foot storm surge , which left the area standing in up to eighteen feet of flood water . Over 1,800 people died as a result of the storm , with thousands more left with homes badly damaged or destroyed . As levees and infrastructure have been rebuilt , Make it Right 's project has been a vital component in the rebuilding efforts in the area . Where just a few years ago empty lots remained , Make it Right 's sustainable housing has helped to enable many families return to the neighborhood .
The prototype home cost in the region of $ 300,000 to construct , but Make it Right hopes that any future versions of the Frank Gehry-designed two-family home can meet the Foundation 's budgetary aim of $ 200,000 for a duplex . Other non-prototype single-family home designs which have been constructed in the neighborhood by Make it Right have been built for around $ 150,000 . At present there are no plans to build future versions of the home — that remains in the hands of returning Lower 9th Ward residents participating in the program . Homeowners have a number of plans to choose from , based on their own individual needs and budgets .
+ Make it Right
All Images © Chad Chenier Photography / Make It Right
Last month was the warmest November on record by an incredible margin , according to NASA measurements . The global average temperature for the month was 1.05 degrees Celsius , or about 1.9 degrees Fahrenheit , warmer than the 1951 to 1980 average . It 's also the second month in a row that Earth 's temperature exceeded 1 degree Celsius above average .
It was just in October that our planet first exceeded the 1-degree benchmark in NASA 's records , dating to 1880 . Prior to that , the largest anomaly was 0.97 degrees Celsius in January 2007 .
The recent measurements become even more significant in light of the recent Paris accord , in which 196 countries boldly agreed to limit the planet 's warming to “ well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degree Celsius. ” The extraordinary warmth of October and November helped push this year well-past the 1-degree benchmark .
[ 5 things you should know about the historic Paris climate agreement ]
We have known that 2015 is all but certain to be the warmest year on record , though we did not know by how much it would be . Given the November report , 2015 will eclipse last year as the warmest year on record by a huge margin .
With Nov update to GISTEMP , probability of 2015 being a record year is > 99.999 % pic.twitter.com/eotioDrFSC — Gavin Schmidt ( @ ClimateOfGavin ) December 14 , 2015
The Japan Meteorological Agency , which tracks the increasing global temperature , also concluded that last month was the warmest November on record since 1890 , relative to the period from 1981 to 2010 .
( Japan Meteorological Agency )
El Niño played a large role in November 's — and the year 's — exceptional warmth . El Niño is an event marked by abnormally warm ocean temperatures in the equatorial Pacific . The extent of the warm water is huge this year , stretching from the west coast of South America to past the international dateline , which divides the Pacific Ocean . As of November , temperatures in parts of this vast region were running as much as 4 degrees Celsius , or about 7 degrees Fahrenheit , above normal .
But the Pacific Ocean was n't the warmest region of the globe in November — much of the warmth measured by NASA emanated from the Arctic , where temperatures were running anywhere from 4 to 10 degrees Celsius ( 7 to 18 degrees Fahrenheit ) above average .
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
AMY GOODMAN : We are just back from North Dakota , where on Monday I was supposed to appear in court to face a riot charge for Democracy Now ! 's reporting on an attack against Native American-led anti-pipeline protesters . On Saturday , September 3rd , Democracy Now ! filmed security guards working for the Dakota Access pipeline attacking protesters . The report showed guards unleashing dogs and using pepper spray , and featured people with bite injuries and a dog with blood dripping from its nose and mouth . Democracy Now ! 's report went viral online , was viewed more than 14 million times on Facebook and was rebroadcast on many outlets , including CBS , NBC , NPR , CNN , MSNBC and The Huffington Post .
Days after Democracy Now ! published the video , Morton County issued an arrest warrant for me . I was initially charged with criminal trespassing . On Friday , as I flew into North Dakota , that charge was dropped for lack of evidence . But it was replaced by a charge of rioting . Well , on Monday , North Dakota District Judge John Grinsteiner refused to authorize the riot charges . After the decision was announced , my attorneys , Reed Brody and Tom Dickson , and I spoke outside the Morton County Courthouse , where hundreds gathered to show support for more than a half-dozen water protectors who were facing charges related to the ongoing resistance to the $ 3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline . This is , to begin , my attorney , Tom Dickson .
TOM DICKSON : Good afternoon . On Friday afternoon , the criminal trespass charge , which was a frivolous criminal charge , was dismissed against Amy Goodman . At that time , we were—at that time , we were informally informed there would be a second charge filed against her : engaging in a riot , a Class B misdemeanor charge . And we were informed that they were to appear in front of the judge at 1:30 today to hear the charge and to get bond set . This morning , we were informed the judge refused to find probable cause for that charge . I spoke with the Morton County state 's attorney , Al Koppy , this afternoon . The case against Amy Goodman is now dismissed . Amy Goodman is a free woman .
REED BRODY : Thank you very much . Let me just say that Amy Goodman was always a free woman . I think when the state , when the prosecutor misguidedly decided to file charges against Amy Goodman , they decided—he decided to go after the wrong person . Amy Goodman is not intimidated . And this dismissal , this rejection of the charges , is a complete vindication of the right of a journalist to report on the truth and , more importantly , the right of the public to know what is happening with the pipeline and with the struggle of the people here to protect their water and to protect their land .
AMY GOODMAN : It is a great honor to be here today . The judge 's decision to reject the State 's Attorney Ladd Erickson 's attempt to prosecute a journalist—in this case , me—is a great vindication of the First Amendment and of our right to report .
AMY GOODMAN : That was the scene outside the Morton County Courthouse and jail in Mandan , North Dakota , yesterday .
Also on Monday , after Judge Grinsteiner rejected multiple riot charges for lack of evidence , including the riot charge against me , Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier said , quote , “ After consulting with the Morton County States Attorney , I am assured charges are being considered against these individuals . Let me make this perfectly clear , if you trespass on private property , you will be arrested , ” unquote .
Ladd Erickson , the state 's attorney , told The New York Times , “ I believe they want to keep the investigation open and see if there 's any evidence in the unedited and unpublished videos that we could better detail in an affidavit for the judge . The 'Democracy Now ' video that many people have seen does n't have much evidence value in it , ” the state 's attorney said .
When Florida Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd called a press conference last fall to announce the arrest of two juvenile girls on aggravated stalking charges , they said that the girls essentially drove 12-year-old Rebecca Sedwick to commit suicide through relentless online bullying .
“ Rebecca was absolutely terrorized on social media , ” Sheriff Judd said at one press conference , asserting that up to 15 students may have been involved .
The case , seemingly an egregious example of another instance in which teenage bullying was to blame for a suicide , drew international media attention and reignited a conversation about the dangers of bullying , and cyberbullying in particular .
But just a month after charges were filed , they were dropped because of insufficient evidence .
And now , reviews of the police files for the case paint a far more complex picture of what Rebecca was dealing with – including family problems with their mother , stepfather , and father ; a history of self-cutting , and a breakup with an Internet boyfriend just before their suicide . The reviews of the police files also reveal little evidence of the online bullying that Judd said was so pervasive .
The files have caused some bullying experts to criticize the way in which the case was handled and to paint it as a cautionary tale of too quickly drawing assumptions along the accepted story line that the public and news media now look for – blaming suicide on bullying .
“ The more I look at these files , the more livid I am at this sheriff , ” says Nancy Willard , director of Embrace Civility in the Digital Age , which works to combat cyberbullying , and author of “ Positive Relations @ School ( & Elsewhere ) . ” Ms. Willard has extensively reviewed all the police files for the case .
“ In their first press conference ... Sheriff Judd made the assertion that Rebecca had been tormented through social media by up to 15 girls for over a year , ” Willard says . “ Just recently , I received a message from their public information office that stated , ‘ We received 26,000 pages of chat log that were of no value to the criminal investigation . ' My conclusion is that their brazen assertion had absolutely no basis in any evidence . ”
Judd 's office stands by its decision , and there is evidence that “ clearly supported the charges of Aggravated Stalking , ” says spokesperson Carrie Eleazer in an e-mail to the Monitor . “ One suspect we arrested is now receiving help through diversionary programs offered to them by the State Attorney 's Office in exchange for their charges being dropped . The other suspect has been and is participating in voluntary counseling arranged by their family . These are positive outcomes and ones that we support . ”
At the time of their arrests , Katelyn Roman was 12 and Guadalupe Shaw 14 .
A review of police files shows that Rebecca was involuntarily committed and evaluated for “ suicidal ideation ” nearly a year before their death , and that “ Rebecca 's stressors were the arguments between their mom and stepdad and Rebecca 's biological father not being a constant part of their life . ”
It reveals conflicts with other students at their school – from which they withdrew in February 2013 – both around a boyfriend and students calling them a “ liar. ” That label was apparently due to an abuse report that they filed against their mother , which was later judged to be false . Rebecca was also cutting themselves – something they attributed to bullying in February .
The police files contain numerous allegations by various students of “ bullying ” that occurred , but little in the way of actual chats or transcripts from social media that could be used as evidence .
“ There was a period of maybe a little more than a month of teen drama ” mostly around a boyfriend , Willard says , “ followed by zero reports of anyone witnessing any further bullying . ”
“ Arguments and disagreements over a boyfriend is teen drama ; it 's not bullying , ” they add , noting that “ by the time police officers started doing all the questioning at school , all of the news media was out there saying Rebecca was being bullied , so that 's the language the students were using . ”
Even the famous Facebook post – in which one of the girls allegedly posted nearly a month after Rebecca 's death , “ Yes , I bullied Rebecca and they killed themselves but I do n't give a [ expletive ] ” – is probably “ the profoundly anguished posting of a young girl who is being accused of causing another child to [ commit ] suicide , ” Willard says . ( The girl 's parents state they could n't have posted the statement , since they were in bed , with no access to a computer , at the time it was posted . )
Rebecca was clearly grappling with suicide for some time before their death . They had been conducting Internet searches that seemed to point to ways of harming herself . In their diary , they made a list of “ bad things I got called today ” and “ good things I got called today ” : Under “ bad ” were words like “ stupid , ” “ slut , ” and “ ugly ” ; the good side included “ smart , ” “ pretty , ” and “ nice. ” At the bottom of the page they wrote “ suicidal . ”
In an interview with the Lakeland Ledger on Monday , a local newspaper , Rebecca 's mother , Tricia Norman , strongly took issue with the idea that family problems played a role in Rebecca 's suicide .
“ I really do n't think there were any other factors involved '' beyond bullying , Ms. Norman told The Ledger . `` Her home life with me was fine . The only issue was me and their stepdad argued sometimes , but all kids have parents that argue . It was n't anything upsetting them or making them miserable or anything else . ”
They did say that Rebecca had at least two instances of deliberately “ scratching ” themselves to gain attention from their father , but reiterated their conviction that bullying was what made them take their life . `` What Rebecca was upset over in their life was these girls not leaving them alone , '' Norman said .
Numerous references are made to possible bullying in police interviews with classmates , but there is scant evidence in the files of actual bullying and no transcripts of online interactions between Rebecca and the two girls charged with stalking .
Screen shots of “ anonymous ” comments made to Rebecca on Ask.fm , a social networking tool , have been released , saying things like “ Nobody cares about you ” and “ you seriously deserve to die. ” But the tone of the “ conversations ” at least raises the possibility that they were an example of “ suicide ideation ” on Rebecca 's part and that they posted them herself , says Willard , noting that there are other examples of that occurring .
In an interview with the Associated Press , Judd said that they and their deputies tried to obtain records from overseas social media companies without success . They also said that some of the evidence and conversations they heard about seemed to have been deleted .
`` Rebecca was a very fragile child , '' Judd told the AP . `` Rebecca 's wagon was already pretty heavily burdened with bricks . And we never said that bullying was the only reason Rebecca committed suicide . But what the bullies did is that they continued to stack bricks on an already-overloaded wagon , till finally it broke . ''
But Willard and others say the case was a clear example of the dangers of pinning too much blame on bullying while ignoring other factors that may have played a role in suicide . They also criticize Judd for the very public way in which their office brought charges against the two girls , including naming them and identifying them with photos , despite the fact that they were juveniles .
When the charges were dropped in November , the lawyer for one of the girls said it was “ reckless ” that charges had been brought .
“ What I did n't like , right from the beginning , about how Rebecca 's case was handled is that it was prosecuted in the public , ” says Justin Patchin , co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center and a criminal justice professor at the University of Wisconsin in Eau Claire .
“ The sheriff went public with everything so quickly , ” they say . “ Even if the allegations against two minors were confirmed , it still should have been handled privately in juvenile court . ”
In response , Ms. Eleazer of the sheriff 's office told the Monitor , “ The name , address , photo , and charges against a juvenile arrested for a felony in the state of Florida is public record . Our release of their information was done so in compliance with this law . ”
Professor Patchin and Willard both say that research shows a connection between bullying and suicide , but emphasize that establishing a direct cause can be very difficult . Most cases also involve other factors , including depression and mental health issues .
According to the 2011 National Crime Victimization Survey , about 9.2 percent of students – some 1.2 million students – report that someone was “ hurtful ” to them at school once or twice a week . Of that number , 540,000 said someone was hurtful “ almost every day . ”
“ Many kids get bullied , and that vast majority do n't commit suicide or think seriously about committing suicide , ” Patchin says .
Willard agrees , saying she 's troubled by the rapidity with which the public seems to want to point fingers at other children for almost every suicide these days , even when the evidence is n't there – or to “ blame and arrest children ” while ignoring other factors that may have been even more of a driver toward suicide .
She 's concerned , too , that publicizing a message that bullying leads to suicide may inadvertently be leading to more suicides , as students take home the message that “ if they 're being bullied , suicide is an option they should consider . ”
Both Willard and Patchin say bullying – both online and in person – is a major problem that is not being addressed well by schools . But they also say that criminalization of bullying – or exaggerating its role – is n't the best way to go about stopping it .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
“ Sometimes bullying is a major factor [ in a suicide ] , sometimes it is a contributing factor , sometimes a hurtful incident can be a trigger , ” says Willard . “ But bullying is never the only factor in a young person 's decision to [ commit ] suicide . ”
• Staff writer Stacy Teicher Khadaroo contributed to this report .
The masses are encouraged by Bryce Harper 's spring . Everyone 's looking for a big bounceback season , so it seems like a good thing that Harper is second in spring-training home runs , with six . Well , Greg Bird is looking for a bounceback season of their own — not because they were bad in 2016 , but because they are n't anything in 2016 . Surgery 'll do that to a player . After Wednesday , Bird is right there with Harper , at six home runs . Let 's just continue to try to ignore that Peter O'Brien is ahead of both of them , with seven .
Out of sight usually means out of mind , as fandom goes , and Bird , for a while , was sort of a forgotten young Yankee , what with the group emergence of Gary Sanchez , Aaron Judge , Tyler Austin , and so on . It 's nothing Bird could help , but labrum surgery kept them from playing , and it was all they could ask for to have a successful spring . Suffice to say Bird is back in the picture . Suffice to say he 's generating at least as much enthusiasm as anybody else . Through 47 exhibition trips to the plate , Bird 's hitting .439 , with a four-digit slugging percentage . He 's been the very best spring-training hitter , and while that 's not something anyone actually cares about , there is significance here . It would sure seem that Bird 's shoulder is fine .
There are risks that come with hitters needing shoulder surgery . I mean , there are also risks with wrist surgery , or hand surgery , but think about how Michael Brantley is still mostly an unknown in Cleveland . When Bird last played with the Yankees , they were able to do things like this :
Your browser does not support iframes .
Wednesday , against the Phillies , they did this :
Your browser does not support iframes .
I do n't have spring-training exit velocities , but in these cases I do n't really need them . A home run is a home run , and Bird has six of them already . It 's why Harper 's spring seems like such a positive — if they were hurt last season , they appear healthy again . Bird , too , appears healthy , allowing the Yankees a sigh of relief . They can assume that Bird is back on course , and when they last saw him , they were a sensation .
They are n't quite a Sanchez-level sensation , because those come around once every couple decades or so , but Bird slugged .529 , with the talent to back it up . They also struck out a bunch , but considering it was Bird 's first-ever exposure to the major leagues , they more than handled himself . And , Bird debuted and got all their action in in 2015 , before we were all so comfortable using Statcast information . Now it 's practically a requirement . As such , I want to repeat a little experiment I recently ran on the subject of Justin Smoak . The idea : I have corrected exit velocities , I have launch angles , and I have contact rates . I have what Bird did in their time with New York as a rookie . What hitters from the last two seasons have looked most similar ? This table includes all the strongest , closest comparisons :
I want to emphasize this does n't prove anything . When I did this for Smoak , I was surprised by the results , and so were plenty of readers . Maybe I 'm missing too much in this analysis . But just based on what Bird has done in their limited time , he 's swung the bat an awful lot like Lucas Duda . The top five comps are rounded out by David Wright , Freddie Freeman , Brandon Belt , and Trevor Story . The average wRC+ in the whole table is 121 , which is lower than what Bird did , but they do n't appear like an outlier . If anyone is an outlier , it 's Mahtook .
Bird generated some strong , positive exit velocities . Their contact rate was low , but still in the normal range . Where Bird is most extreme is in their fly-ball tendency , but that was nothing new . Between levels in 2015 , their grounder rate was 30 % . The year before , it was 31 % . The year before that , it was 33 % . Bird has a fly-ball swing , and fly balls have always come off of it . He 's perfectly built for their home stadium , and there 's still room to improve .
From the sounds of things , Bird 's shoulder was bothering them even when they were clobbering the ball as a rookie . If he 's now consistently able to swing freely , in the way that they want , it makes sense their exit velocities could be better . Their contact rate could be better , too , which we 'd already expect just on account of maturity and experience . Bird , in their time , swung at a lower rate of pitches out of the zone than the average . They demonstrated fairly advanced judgment . The biggest obstacle now might simply be improving against same-handed pitchers .
I know people have pointed out that Bird 's rookie hot streak was out of step with their minor-league power numbers . It 's a fair point , but an incomplete one . For one thing , Bird did n't fake their batted-ball speeds , which ranked among the better marks in the league . And then , while Yankee Stadium is obviously lefty-friendly , Bird 's minor-league environments were very much not . Charleston ? Nope . Tampa ? Nope . Trenton ? Nope . Scranton/Wilkes-Barre ? Nope . Bird , in the minors , would 've had their power at least partially suppressed , and he 's still managed a minor-league OPS of .878 from the ages of 18 to 22 . Yankee Stadium will probably grant Bird a few freebies , but their power is bigger than previously advertised .
It 's being more sensibly advertised now . Greg Bird is healthy again , and he 's back in the picture as a young Yankee regular . If they do n't get much better at all , he 's something like a younger Lucas Duda . And with a step forward somewhere , they become a franchise cornerstone . Not everyone is cut out to be an extreme fly-ball hitter . The profile fits Bird like a glove .
LONDON , May 15 ( Reuters ) - Britain said on Wednesday there would be `` consequences '' for Sri Lanka if its leaders did not address international concerns over human rights abuses , ahead of a Commonwealth summit scheduled to be held in Colombo in November .
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg told parliament `` despicable human rights violations '' had taken place in Sri Lanka , but that Britain still planned to attend the Commonwealth meeting there , a stance that has drawn heavy criticism from rights groups .
Sri Lanka has repeatedly rejected calls for an independent , international investigation into accusations of war crimes committed during the war with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam that ended in May 2009 .
Tens of thousands of civilians , mostly Tamils , were killed in the final months of the war , a U.N. panel has said .
`` All of us accept the controversy around this , accept the unease around this , but what we 'll be doing by attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Sri Lanka is using the opportunity to cast a spotlight on the unacceptable abuses in Sri Lanka , '' Clegg said .
`` Of course there will be consequences if there is not a change in conduct of the Sri Lankan authorities , '' added Clegg , standing in for Prime Minister David Cameron during parliament 's weekly question and answer session .
Britain 's Foreign Office was not immediately available to outline what consequences Clegg was referring to .
Sri Lankan government officials have repeatedly rejected accusations of human rights violations .
Cameron and Foreign Secretary William Hague are expected to attend the bi-annual Commonwealth meeting , and in a break with tradition , Prince Charles will represent Queen Elizabeth , who usually attends but is now , aged 87 , cutting down on long-distance travel .
The summit is a meeting of leaders mostly from former British colonies , where issues including trade , development and human rights are discussed .
As well as human rights violations , Clegg said media freedom had been suppressed and legal professionals attacked .
Last month , Human Rights Watch called on the summit to be shifted from Sri Lanka , warning the Commonwealth will face `` ridicule '' if the meeting goes ahead .
Amnesty International has said Sri Lanka is intensifying a crackdown on critics , creating a `` climate of fear '' , an accusation the Sri Lankan government rejected .
( Reporting by Mohammed Abbas ; Editing by Alison Williams )
Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
Once upon a time A.J . Hawk and Jared Allen were on opposite sidelines with the same goal : Tear apart the other team 's offense . These days Allen is enjoying retirement in Arizona and Hawk is a free agent with their own podcast - The HawkCast .
Hawk fittingly taped Episode 69 of The HawkCast this week with Allen , who wore that jersey number with the Chiefs , Bears , Panthers and of course the Vikings .
The hour-long conversation - which is available as audio or with video - spanned several topics including Allen 's seven head coaches , raising kids , sack celebrations , food and drink prices at stadiums , the Bachelor and what it means to be `` skinny fat . ''
At the 20-minute mark things get interesting . Hawk asked Allen about their path from the Chiefs to the Vikings . They then steers the conversation toward that August day in 2010 when Allen , Steve Hutchinson and Ryan Longwell jumped Zygi Wilf 's private jet to Mississippi after practice and recruited Brett Favre to come back for one more season in Minnesota .
Said Allen with a big smile : `` I used that to get out of training camp for a few days . ''
And then :
`` I was the one guy who told him , 'Stay retired . ' ''
Allen went into more detail about the trip .
`` Hutch and Longwell put the pressure on him , '' Allen said . `` I was like , 'Listen , dude . It looks like you got it pretty good down here . ' Their place is amazing . I 'm like , ' I 'm going to be real honest with ya . If I 'm you , I stay retired . ' But I 'm like , 'Do n't come back thinking you got ta prove something . If you want to come back and have fun with us and try to win some football games , do it . If not , I might retire and move down here . ' ''
Favre of course did come back , arriving for the second year in a row to much hoopla at Winter Park . Brad Childress was fired three months later . The team then went 6-10 and Favre retired for good .
So what do you think ? Revisionist history by Allen or has the truth come out ?
New Rochelle , NY , May 16 , 2016 -- Family rejection increases the risk of two critical health outcomes that are common among transgender individuals-suicide attempts and substance misuse-according to a new study published in LGBT Health , a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. , publishers . The article is available free on the LGBT Health website until June 16 , 2016 .
The findings presented in the article `` Family Rejection as a Predictor of Suicide Attempts and Substance Misuse Among Transgender and Gender Nonconforming Adults , '' by coauthors Augustus Klein , MSW and Sarit Golub , PhD , MPH , City University of New York , are based on data from the National Transgender Discrimination Survey . Overall , more than 42 % of the individuals who self-identified as transgender or gender nonconforming reported a suicide attempt , and over 26 % had misused drugs or alcohol to cope with transgender-related discrimination . The researchers report the increased risk of these health outcomes for individuals who experienced high or moderate levels of family rejection compared to little or no rejection .
`` Gender minority stress and stigma contribute to the increased rates of depression , anxiety disorders , suicidality , and substance abuse in the transgender population . This study underscores the importance of family support and acceptance in mitigating that stress , '' says LGBT Health Editor-in-Chief William Byne , MD , PhD , Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai ( New York , NY ) .
# # #
About the Journal
LGBT Health , published bimonthly online with Open Access options and in print , brings together the LGBT research , health care , and advocacy communities to address current challenges and improve the health , well-being , and clinical outcomes of LGBT persons . Spanning a broad array of disciplines , the Journal publishes peer-reviewed original research , review articles , clinical reports , case studies , legal and policy perspectives , and much more . Complete tables of content and a sample issue may be viewed on the LGBT Health website .
About the Publisher
Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. , publishers is a privately held , fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative medical and biomedical peer-reviewed journals , including Transgender Health , AIDS Patient Care and STDs , AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses , Journal of Women 's Health , and Population Health Management . Its biotechnology trade magazine , Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News ( GEN ) , was the first in its field and is today the industry 's most widely read publication worldwide . A complete list of the firm 's more than 80 journals , newsmagazines , and books is available on the Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. , publishers website .
Spray printed crystals for printable organic electronics
A team of researchers from the University of Surrey and National Physical Laboratory is said to have demonstrated a low cost , scalable spray-printing process to make high quality isolated organic single crystals .
A new class of crystalline materials , or organic semiconductors , can also be grown as single crystals – but using solution-based methods at room temperature rather than the high temperatures needed for silicon-based crystals . This opens up the possibility of large scale production of inexpensive electronics , targeting numerous applications , including field effect transistors , light emitting diodes , medical x-ray detectors and miniature lasers . The method is suitable for a variety of semiconducting small molecules , which can be dissolved in solvents to make semiconducting inks , and then deposited on virtually any substrate . The key aspect is claimed to be in combining the advantages of antisolvent crystallisation and solution shearing . The crystals ' size , shape and orientation are then controlled by the spray angle and distance to the substrate which govern the spray droplets ' impact onto the antisolvent 's surface . “ With a new class of organic semiconductors based on carbon atoms , we can spray-coat organic inks onto anything , and get more or less the right size of crystals for our devices right away , ” said Dr Maxim Shkunov from the Advanced Technology Institute at the University of Surrey . “ The trick is to cover the surface with a non-solvent so that semiconductor molecules float on top and self-assemble into highly ordered crystals . We can also use light emitting molecules to make lasers , for example , – something you ca n't do with traditional silicon . This molecular crystals growth method opens amazing capabilities for printable organic electronics . ”
Author
Joe Beelart says they have seen Sasquatch , and he 's written in detail on the topic . I joined them for a trip through the woods of the Pacific north-west – a region whose woods have a sacred feel whether you believe the stories or not
Joe Beelart carefully places a red apple on a mossy stump . “ We 're going to set out our first offering here. ” They perform the same ritual every time they come out into Mount Hood national forest .
“ We used to call it baiting , but now we call it offering . It changed because we started to think of them as more human . An offering seems to make them more responsive to you . ”
They and their fellow enthusiasts cite the Hewkin-Sullivan rule , after the adventurers who coined it : on average , it takes a observer 200 hours on the ground to encounter any new evidence of Bigfoot .
In the past , they put out an apple a month , but the time and expense of camping is a greater burden in retirement . Still , he 's been up eight times in the last year . He 's always mindful that fewer hours mean fewer rewards .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Joe Beelart : ‘ An offering seems to make them more responsive . ' Photograph : Jason Wilson for The Guardian
By the time they laid out the fruit , we had been driving through pre-dawn darkness and mist for two hours , aiming for a stretch of road that is not only the topic of Beelart 's recently published book The Oregon Bigfoot Highway but also their pole star . The region is known for its reported Sasquatch sightings , and the earliest ones they document date back more than a century , to 1911 .
Our pilgrimage started on Oregon Route 224 , which heads south-east from Portland . It sheds lanes as it works its way through the city 's dwindling outskirts , and then into rolling farmlands . In less than an hour , it brings you to the foothill town of Estacada .
This is where the Bigfoot road properly begins . Route 224 continues south west , up into the alders , maples and firs and the gloom and fog of Mount Hood National Forest , all the way to Ripplebrook .
From late fall until the thaw in May , ice and snow mean that this is as far as most cars can go . But there is a forest road that kicks back to the south-west , running downhill along the banks of the Breitenbush and ending at a lake and town both named Detroit .
This dogleg is set in a national forest that sprawls out for more than 1m square acres . Some 345,000 acres of that is old-growth forest , and a little over 311,000 acres is protected wilderness . It 's just about at the center of a joined-up band of temperate rainforest that stretches from northern California to Canada .
It 's all big enough , and empty enough , to invite a certain kind of mind to fill it up .
In their book , Beelart notes that “ this is one of the biggest uninhabited areas outside the south-west deserts . There 's at least 1,500 contiguous square miles with no people in it. ” Room enough , they think , for perhaps 30 Sasquatches . There is no proof that they 're there , nor even any consensus about what exactly they might be , but that 's no barrier to belief .
Beelart insists , eye to eye , that “ Bigfoot exists , Sasquatch exists . I believe they 're a kind of human that has persisted alongside us . We 're a very predatory species ; that 's why they stay away from us . ”
That conviction has drawn them into these forests for 20 years , usually in the company of others who share their yen – a loose band of 14 who call themselves the Clackamas Sasquatchians and include their co-author , Cliff Olson . All of them live in or around Portland . They camp out in the summer months in tents and trucks , hoping for prints , or a cry , or even a fleeting glimpse of the creatures they call “ our barefoot friends ” .
Beelart is a fit 68 – a bit scruffy , with a twinkle in their eye and an instinct for a well-placed cuss . They also have a prodigious memory , and recalls the details not only of every local Bigfoot sighting , but the history and geography of the wilderness where all sightings have happened . They have a story for every disused service road , every abandoned building , every Indian trail and monument , every lake and every spring .
They were a marine in their youth , but changes in the service after Vietnam led them to the door . For the rest of their working life they were in the pump game , dealing in the rude , mechanical practicalities of getting water from one place to another . This pragmatic life lasted until the moment in the early 1990s that changed everything .
“ One Christmas day after dinner , me and my nephews went out looking for deer on logging roads. ” Suddenly a hairy , man-like creature emerged from the brush . “ It was a normal , traditional Sasquatch . I saw it for 15 seconds . ”
Their sighting was typical in that it was fleeting . Most of the solid ones , they say , last for eight to 15 seconds . Any longer than that and they 're open to more critical scrutiny .
They say they tried for a long time afterwards to dismiss what they had seen , and forgetting it is still their recommendation to anyone who spots a Bigfoot for the first time . “ Put it out your head . Forget it . Your life will be easier . ”
Affirming a public belief in Bigfoot is not easy . They nominate a long list of people whose careers were all but destroyed when they decided to take all of this seriously . “ It 's a tremendous problem for Forest Service employees who see them , ” they say , adding that academics have had their tenure threatened . “ Ask people in your tavern what they think of Bigfoot , ” they challenge me . “ At least half of them will get angry . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Bigfoot road : ‘ I saw it for 15 seconds . ' Photograph : Jason Wilson for The Guardian
Eventually , years after their first sighting , they stumbled across a bookshop in north Portland owned by the leader of the Western Bigfoot Society , and they started attending their meetings . Soon , they were hooked .
Beelart thinks that the people who last longest in the Bigfoot movement are those who , like him , unwillingly experience something they can not later get out of their heads . “ We try to recapture that initial experience , ” they say . Some of them get lucky . Beelart themselves says that one evening in the forest , a Sasquatch stood at the foot of their bed for some 15 minutes . It 's not the only such experience they have had since their first revelation , but it is the most significant .
Their book is methodical and exhaustive , in the manner of many autodidacts . Some of the incidents they write about were uncovered through painstaking archival research , and some were passed on as tales and documents from other members of the sprawling , complex , global Bigfoot community . Like the other subculture Beelart has written books for – fly fishing – it 's a scene that largely writes and publishes for itself .
As for our search that day , I never saw a Bigfoot on our drive , and I ca n't say at the end of our long day together that I believe that there are any to see . But there are some things we can agree on . There is something about the forests of the Pacific north-west that exceeds our powers of description and understanding .
Thinkers from Max Weber to Charles Taylor have told us that this is a disenchanted age , whereas once upon a time , the forests were filled with magic . The reductive , modern vocabularies of secularism and protestantism leave us with no language to talk about the parts of nature that put us in touch with something bigger than ourselves .
If Beelart 's work has any political dimension , it is that perhaps we need to protect this forest , Bigfoot or no . If we can agree that this land is somehow sacred , after all , does it matter how we get to that idea ?
Perhaps the religious overtones of Sasquatch talk – the sacrifices and pilgrimages , the hints of another world – ought not be vulgarly read as signs of madness , but understood as a way , in a world alienated from nature , to grasp at sanity .
Like any other comedian , Boston-based stand-up comic Dana J. Bein is ruled by `` the hustle . '' Comedy 's DYI culture makes it easier than ever to create and share content . There is no reason to wait -- for agents or network deals . It also means there is no time to wait . That 's why Bein decided it was time to both go big and go home to record their first live comedy album .
`` When I think about the successes I have had to this point , the biggest ones have been when I planted a flag myself , '' says Bein talking about how their comedy career has always been about self-direction and self-starting . For nearly two decades , Bein has been a staple of the Boston comedy scene . They gravitated to the city from West Springfield , Mass . after college in 2001 and earned a spot as a cast member at ImprovBoston ( IB ) , one of the city 's popular improv and sketch comedy theatres . As an improviser also very invested in stand-up , Bein helped to create IB 's stand-up program from scratch , working along side then Artistic Director Will Luera , designing and teaching curriculum , running workshops , and creating performance opportunities . Ten years after Bein 's initial involvement , ImprovBoston boasts five nights of stand-up shows and consistently sold-out classes in the stand-up program .
Image by Jaime Scala
Though deciding to make the comedy album on their own was not a small one for Bein , it was an easy one in many ways .
`` When you put this much on record it 's there , there 's no turning back and that 's a little scary , '' says Bein . `` But the comedy industry is so unclear There 's no yellow brick road to the city of comedy , but I thought why not do it myself ? '' They reached out to a filmmaker friend who agreed to produce and record the shows , but everything else falls squarely on Bein 's shoulders , which is something that they also found exciting about the challenge . `` If something makes me socially anxious , if it 's legal , then I 'll do it . For me it 's one more step in silencing my inner critic , in becoming closer with my work . ''
Bein is inspired , not only by the multiple tech platforms for distributing material -- Twitter , YouTube , SnapChat , Periscope -- but for the people who fearlessly embrace the next `` thing . '' With such a wide terrain of instant gratification up for grabs , the comedy album is an artifact that almost feels retro . However , Bein sees it as incredibly relevant and an important bit of arsenal in the comedian 's war chest . `` It does mean something . It surprises me how few people in the area , comics I know or have seen out for a long time have an album . I think many comedians wait for industry to come to them , but you do n't have to . It definitely sets you apart , I think . When I say ' I 'm a comedian , ' people will say , 'Oh where can I see you perform ? ' and with this I can say 'here 's my album , here 's a link or a clip to what I do ' instead of only talking about my next show . ''
The logical leap for Bein to make with their album is to use it as a bridge to other comedy markets in larger cities like New York or Los Angeles . But Bein is looking for their hustle to take them further than city limits . They ultimately want to use their background as a stand-up performer and instructor to facilitate wellness initiatives with disenfranchised communities . They recently participated as a volunteer in Boston College 's Prison Arts Outreach program where they brought improv and story telling to a woman 's prison in Framingham , Mass .
`` Victor Borge said 'laughter is the shortest distance between two people . ' I 've been teaching comedy for more than eleven years and at least a few times a year people tell me that my class has changed their lives in some way , gave them more confidence , or just given them some joy . I feel like there is a social loophole here , that there is more to tap into about using comedy to make people feel better . That 's worth doing all of this for right there . ''
The `` Paleolithic Diet '' has come in and out of fashion since the 1970s . Its adherents eat mostly grilled meat , fish , fruit , vegetables and nuts—supposedly the only foods available to our ancient ancestors . But new research suggests that cavemen indulged in richer fare as well , at least when such victuals had a ritual significance .
A group of archeologists finds the remains of a 7700-year-old aurochs barbecue by a river in the Netherlands . ( Aurochs are horned ancestors of the domesticated cow ; they 've been extinct for 400 years . ) Analysis of the remains revealed a complex set of rituals surrounding the caveman meal . The group of hunters that caught and killed the aurochs ( using a flint ax ) first sucked the fatty marrow from the aurochs ' bones , then grilled the beast 's ribs at the site of the killing . They brought the rest of the meat—scraped scrupulously from the bones—back to their settlement .
The archeologists said that the feast took place 1000 years before agriculture came to the Netherlands ; the settlement the hunters came from must-have survived exclusively on the food they hunted and gathered .
The weekend rally in the bitcoin-U.S. dollar ( BTC/USD ) exchange rate may have come to a halt at $ 4,470 on Monday , but bulls appear to be crowding out the weak hands .
The retreat to $ 4,255 over the last day suggests investors who lack the financial resources to carry their positions have been spooked by minor price changes . While this unwinding of speculative bets could have gathered pace , spreading uncertainty amongst a wider swathe of investors , that outcome now appears unlikely .
Moreover , the overall outlook remains constructive , given there are no signs of stress on the technical charts and indications that the number one cryptocurrency has already digested the bearish regulatory news out of China and South Korea .
Price action analysis today suggests that the digital asset is now ready to pop higher , having taken the 50-day moving average hurdle in a convincing manner over the weekend .
At press time , the digital currency is trading at $ 4,290 – down 2.85 percent in the last 24 hours . Week-on-week , BTC is up 11.54 percent , while month-on-month , it is still nursing a 7 percent loss .
Four-hour chart
The golden crossover/bullish crossover – 50-simple moving average cuts the 200-simple moving average from below – adds credence to the rebound from 100-day moving average ( repeat of July pattern ) followed by a move above the 50-day moving average .
View
The outlook for the BTC price remains constructive . A break above $ 4,470 ( previous day 's high ) would open up upside towards $ 4,700 . The 10-day moving average is sloping upwards – thus , any pullback is likely to be met with fresh bids .
As for a possible downside , only two consecutive day-end closes below the 10-day moving average would abort the bullish view on bitcoin .
Hot-air balloon image via Shutterstock
[ MN ] Love Photo Collection : Twin Cities Pride , Gladys L-M. ( Placement does not indicate relationship to editorial content . ) Photo by Simon Scott Stromberg Photography
Minnesota Atheists add nonsectarian viewpoints to a debate often dominated by religion .
Minnesota Atheists has been fighting for decades to keep religion out of government , according to August Berkshire , the group 's president .
When three same-sex couples were denied marriage licenses in Hennepin County for their sexual orientation , filed a lawsuit in March 2010 to strike down the Minnesota Defense of Marriage Act and then lost , the atheists took notice .
Once the couples appealed the decision of the Hennepin County District Court , Minnesota Atheists were able to jump in and help them out , said Berkshire . The group filed an amicus brief to bring their secular perspective to the discussion of marriage .
“ We are going to get our arguments in there now to help them and do what we can to help , because this is an issue we 've been supporting since the roots of our founding in 1984 , ” said Berkshire , who was one of the founders of the Twin Cities chapter of American Atheists , which became Minnesota Atheists in 1991 .
DOMA , which does not allow same-sex couples to get married , also prevents the out-of-state marriages of the couples in the case from being recognized in Minnesota , according to Berkshire .
The couples , who collectively form Marry Me Minnesota , a non-profit organization established in 2008 to prepare for the case , are seeking to abolish the state 's “ statutory ban on same-sex marriage , ” as the group 's website states .
The amicus brief filed by Minnesota Atheists supports the couples in their effort to get rid of the law and argues the unconstitutionality of DOMA , noting the law 's theological basis .
The Minnesota State Constitution , with clauses guaranteeing freedom of conscious and freedom of religion , and the U.S. Constitution , which establishes freedom of religion in the First Amendment and equal protection for all in the Fourteenth Amendment , are violated by DOMA , according to the brief .
Berkshire said the religious roots of the law are grounded in “ conservative Christian ” views and leave those who have differing beliefs out in the cold .
“ [ DOMA is ] a religious law that 's not just a difference of opinion , ” Berkshire said . “ It 's a religious law that 's harming people. ” The amicus brief gives several sectarian arguments why same-sex marriage is considered unacceptable by some religious institutions , but says there is no secular reason to bar same-sex couples from opportunities given to heterosexual couples .
“ The government should not even be looking at religion , ” Berkshire said . “ The government should only be looking at secular arguments and there are no good secular arguments against equality . There 's no reason not to grant it . ”
The act was upheld by the trial court , citing a precedent set in a 1971 Minnesota Supreme Court case , Baker v. Nelson , which dismissed a constitutional challenge to the predecessor of DOMA and ruled that citizens do not have an innate right to get married , according to Berkshire .
But the issue of religious freedom was not considered in the Baker case , Berkshire said , so was insufficient reasoning to uphold DOMA , which , according to the brief , has significant “ religious underpinnings . ”
Marshall Tanick , the lawyer who contributed to the brief , said one of the issues the appellate court should consider , which the trial court did not , is that the Baker case did not address freedom of religion .
“ The1970s Baker case is a significant hurdle to overcome , ” Tanick said .
Tanick said the purpose of a brief of amicus curiae is to point out arguments the court has not considered yet .
Peter Nikitas , a lawyer representing Marry Me Minnesota , said amicus curiae means “ friend of the court ” in Latin .
Nikitas said the briefs are a mechanism for people or groups to offer another angle for the judges to consider because the outcome of the case matters to them . This way they feel “ they have done something about it. “
Nikitas underscored some of the points made by Minnesota Atheists in the brief , including the unconstitutionality of DOMA .
“ [ The plaintiffs ] want to enjoy marriage like any John and Jane or Harry and Mary in the state and to prevent same-sex couples from the benefits of marriage has no justification , ” stated Nikitas .
Nikitas added : “ The government ca n't play favorites . When government starts playing favorites on the matter of religious beliefs , society falls apart , civil strife ensues and a lot of misery as a result . ”
Plaintiffs Jessica Dykhuis and Lindzi Campbell , who were married August 2011 in Iowa , said they are thankful for the support of Minnesota Atheists .
“ I think its great and an amicus brief is a huge deal for [ Minnesota Atheists ] , ” said Dykhuis , as briefs mean legal fees and take time to put together .
Campbell , a firefighter , and Dykhuis , a Doula , are raising a 10-year-old , who is also one of the plaintiffs in the case , and a 2-year-old in Duluth . They said it 's a “ pretty progressive ” city , but they still are not able to enjoy the benefits that other heterosexual married couples do .
Campbell explained they are glad the case stoked debate and allowed them and their family to fight the marriage equality battle on two fronts , even if they are not successful in the suit . The couple has been part of the fight against the state constitutional amendment to define marriage between one man and one woman , which will appear on the ballot in November 2012 .
“ If nothing else , at least we have been able to create a conversation , ” Campbell said .
Doug Benson , the executive director of Marry Me Minnesota and a plaintiff in the case , said it is difficult to predict the impact the Minnesota Atheists ' brief will have on the outcome of the case .
“ We 're very happy and grateful to them for…filing their brief , ” Benson said . “ We welcome and appreciate the perspective of the Minnesota Atheists . ”
Benson said they and their partner Duane Gajewski , who is also represented in the case , “ have stood the test of time . ”
“ We will always be married in our eyes , ” Benson said . “ It would be a big thing to have the government finally recognize our relationship and afford us the same rights . It would be a good feeling . ”
Benson said fighting for marriage equality has been a huge part of their and Gajewski 's relationship . They said it has been a long road , but even if the appellate court does not get rid of DOMA , they will keep going .
“ When you 're dealing with human beings , anything 's possible , ” Benson said . “ If we 're successful , wonderful . If we 're not , we 'll go back and do it again…until we get the equality we deserve and demand . ”
Benson and Gajewski met in 1990 , then 36 and 27 , respectively , while working on Paul Wellstone 's first run for office , Benson said . They were married in Vermont in 2000 ( then called civil unions , now recognized as marriages by the
state ) , Ontario in 2003 , and California in 2004 , according to Benson . They currently live in Robbinsdale , Minnesota , with their basset hound , Simon .
Thomas Trisko and John Rittman of Minneapolis are the third couple represented in the case . They met in 1973 , were registered as domestic partners in Minneapolis in 1991 and were married in Manitoba in 2005 , according to the complaint .
Marry Me Minnesota filed the lawsuit May 11 , 2010 , according to the initial complaint . The District Court of the Fourth Judicial District dismissed the case , a decision that Marry Me Minnesota appealed .
The plaintiffs are now suing the State of Minnesota and Jill Alverson in their official capacity as Hennepin County Local Registrar , according to the appeal brief . Oral arguments will be heard in the Minnesota Court of Appeals Oct. 26 .
Japan 's prime minister at the time of the 2011 earthquake and tsunami has revealed that the country came within a “ paper-thin margin ” of a nuclear disaster requiring the evacuation of 50 million people .
In an interview with The Telegraph to mark the fifth anniversary of the tragedy , Naoto Kan described the panic and disarray at the highest levels of the Japanese government as it fought to control multiple meltdowns at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station .
They said they considered evacuating the capital , Tokyo , along with all other areas within 160 miles of the plant , and declaring martial law . “ The future existence of Japan as a whole was at stake , ” they said . “ Something on that scale , an evacuation of 50 million , it would have been like a losing a huge war . ”
Mr Kan admitted they were frightened and said they got “ no clear information ” out of Tepco , the plant 's operator . They were “ very shocked ” by the performance of Nobuaki Terasaka , their own government 's key nuclear safety adviser . “ We questioned them and they were unable to give clear responses , ” they said .
“ We asked them – do you know anything about nuclear issues ? And they said no , I majored in economics . ”
From a very early stage I had a very high concern for Tokyo Naoto Kan , former PM
Mr Terasaka , the director of the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , was later sacked . Another member of Mr Kan 's crisis working group , the then Tepco chairperson , Tsunehisa Katsumata , was last week indicted on charges of criminal negligence for their role in the disaster .
The 9.0 magnitude quake , the largest ever recorded in Japan , triggered a gigantic tsunami which broke through the plant 's flood defences , cutting off power to its control room and the coolant systems of its nuclear reactors .
Deprived of cooling , radioactive fuel , in three of the plant 's six reactors melted down . Explosive hydrogen gas built up , blowing holes in the reactor containment building and allowing radioactivity to escape .
Photo : Julian Simmonds for The Telegraph
“ When we got the report that power had been cut and the coolant had stopped working , that sent a shiver down my spine , ” Mr Kan said . “ From March 11 , when the incident happened , until the 15th , the effects [ of radioactive contamination ] were expanding geographically .
`` From the 16th to the 20th we were able to halt the spread of radiation but the margin left for us was paper-thin . If the [ fuel rods ] had burnt through [ in ] all six reactors , that would definitely have affected Tokyo .
“ From a very early stage I had a very high concern for Tokyo . I was forming ideas for a Tokyo evacuation plan in my head . In the 1923 earthquake the government ordered martial law – I did think of the possibility of having to set up such emergency law if it really came down to it .
“ We were only able to avert a 250-kilometre ( 160-mile ) evacuation zone [ around the plant ] by a wafer-thin margin , thanks to the efforts of people who risked their lives . Next time , we might not be so lucky . ”
Dramatic CCTV footage from the plant , released in 2012 , showed a skeleton staff – the so-called “ Fukushima 50 ” - struggling to read emergency manuals by torchlight and battling with contradictory , confusing instructions from their superiors at Tepco . At one stage , an appeal went out for workers to bring batteries from their cars so they could be hooked up to provide power for the crippled cooling systems .
Total disaster was averted when seawater was pumped into the reactors , but the plant manager , Masao Yoshida , later said they considered committing hara-kiri , ritual suicide , in despair at the situation .
Photo : Christopher Furlong/Getty Images Mr Kan said they had to retreat to an inner room after the atmosphere in the government 's crisis management centre became “ very noisy ” .
They said : “ There was so little precise information coming in . It was very difficult to make clear judgments . I do n't consider myself a nuclear expert , but I did study physics at university .
`` I knew that even based on what little we were hearing , there was a real possibility this could be bigger than Chernobyl . That was a terrible disaster , but there was only one reactor there . There were six here . ”
Although the Fukushima disaster caused no immediate deaths from radiation , it did force the evacuation of almost 400,000 people , most of whom have still been unable to return to their homes . Hundreds of thousands more fled in panic and much of Fukushima province ceased functioning .
Photo : Julian Simmonds for The Telegraph
An area within 20km ( 12.5 miles ) of the plant remains an exclusion zone , with no-one allowed to live there . Some studies have identified a higher incidence of child cancer in the wider region .
Mr Kan said that the nuclear accident is “ still going on ” today . They said : “ In reactors 2 and 3 , the radioactive fuel rods are still there and small amounts of [ radioactive ] water are leaking out of the reactor every day , despite what Tepco says . ”
They said the experience had turned them from a supporter of nuclear power into a convinced opponent . “ I have changed my views 180 degrees . You have to look at the balance between the risks and the benefits , ” they said . “ One reactor meltdown could destroy the whole plant and , however unlikely , that is too great a risk . ”
Mr Kan lost the prime ministership later in 2011 amid strong criticism of their handling of the crisis . A parliamentary investigation accused them of distracting emergency workers by making a personal visit to the plant , withholding information , and misunderstanding a request by Tepco to pull out some staff members as a demand to withdraw them all .
However , another independent inquiry said their action in ordering the “ Fukushima 50 ” to stay at their posts was vital . “ I went to the Tepco offices and demanded they not evacuate . To this day I am criticised for that , but I believed then and I still believe now that I did the right thing and that that was a decisive moment in the crisis , ” they told The Telegraph .
Photo : Julian Simmonds for The Telegraph
They admitted “ regret ” at their decision not to publish results from a computer system called Speedi , System for Prediction of Environmental Emergency Dose Information , which accurately forecast the spread of radioactivity around the plant and could have saved thousands of local residents from exposure .
“ As a result , some areas were exposed to high levels of radiation , ” they said .
They criticised their successor as prime minister , Shinzo Abe , for restarting some of the country 's nuclear power stations , all of which were shut down after the crisis , saying that Japan had “ not learned the lessons enough ” and was “ closing its eyes ” to the risk of a second disaster . They have joined protest demonstrations against the plant reopenings .
“ There is a clear conflict between government policy and the wishes of the public , ” they said . “ Additional protective measures against tsunamis have been taken , such as raising the protective walls , but I do n't think they go far enough . We should n't be building nuclear power plants in areas where there is a population to be affected . After the tsunami , Japan went without nuclear power for years , so it can be done . ”
Photo : Julian Simmonds for The Telegraph The former leader said that “ a lot of the accident was caused before March 11 ” by the complacency and misjudgment of Tepco , a verdict echoed by the official inquiry , which dubbed the nuclear accident a “ man-made disaster ” .
The criminal investigation which led to last week 's charges against Mr Katsumata and two other Tepco managers found that they had known since June 2009 that the plant was vulnerable to a tsunami but had “ failed to take pre-emptive measures [ despite ] knowing the risk '' .
Mr Kan expressed satisfaction at the charges brought last week against a senior Tepco manager and said they would testify against Mr Katsumata if asked .
[ rust-dev ] code generation and rustc speed
I saw some more speculation on how to make rustc not-so-terriby-slow to compile today , including dramatic structural changes like splitting it into sub-crates . Please do n't do this ; it 's papering over much more readily solvable problems . A 80kloc library does not need to be generating 16mb of object code . Here are two simple listings of symbols we 're generating : http : //people.mozilla.org/~graydon/symbols-by-size.txt http : //people.mozilla.org/~graydon/symbols-by-name.txt Some things should be immediately apparent : - We 're generating some ( not all ) _very_ large functions . Look at ty : :mk_ctxt . It 's a single constructor call . It produces 133kb of code . This has got to be some quadratic codegen bug . - There are 15762 functions but only 2039 unique function-sizes . We 're not collapsing a _lot_ of identical functions . - We 're generating a _lot_ of monomorphic instances . There are 363 hashtable : : functions in there -- about 50 copies of the std : :hashtable module . Similar number of copies of std : :vec . 68 copies of extfmt : :conv_poly . 392 visits : : functions . - We 're still generating a _lot_ of glue . Very little of it seems to be properly recycled -- there are many copies of each glue for types that vary only in a not-used type param , of identical size . 7134 of the 15762 functions are glue . Beyond all that , there are pretty apparent systemic taxes as soon as you start digging into the LLVM . Take a look at , say , http : //people.mozilla.org/~graydon/graph.svg -- the CFG from middle : :trans : :inline : :maybe_instantiate_inline for example . It 's a very modest 100-line function with 3 or 4 of nested matches . It produces 687 CFG nodes , 903 edges , and 8068 LLVM instructions ( and that 's a _small_ one -- it only winds up as 7k of object code ) . There are a lot of things in there that should n't be being-generated . -Graydon
AHMEDABAD : Emperor Akbar turned a vegetarian in Ahmedabad . Now , several global fast food giants are turning vegetarian in the city by overhauling their menu to include vegetarian cuisine in the vegetarian heartland of Gujarat.In Gujarat , global restaurant chains like Subway KFC and McDonald 's are not just experimenting with vegetarian food but also offering Jain food In a first , American restaurant franchise Subway has opened a Jain counter at its first all-veg outlet in Ahmedabad at a location with a high density of Jain population . “ We carried out a survey in Gujarat and sent a proposal to the US HQ to open an all-veg outlet with a pure Jain counter in Ahmedabad . We will now add more vegetarian items on the menu in Gujarat , which is the only state that contributes 60 % of the total sales from vegetarian food , ” said Durlabh Singh , Subway 's development agent for Gujarat and Daman-Diu.The company 's first all vegetarian counter was opened at a private university in Punjab recently , after which the restaurant chain decided to experiment with the Jain cuisine for Gujarat . “ We plan to open similar outlets in Vadodara , Surat , Rajkot , Anand , Jamnagar and Bhavnagar soon , ” said Singh . McDonald 's too is working out the logistics of setting up all-vegetarian outlets in the state in a few years.When KFC entered Gujarat in November 2011 with its first restaurant , it changed its menu to include vegetarian cuisine as well . KFC plans to add five more stores in the state this year with increased vegetarian options . Pizza Hut made its Gujarat foray with its first vegetarian restaurant in the world in Ahmedabad , offering Jain food . Pizza outlet Domino 's Pizza also has four restaurants in Gujarat , which offer completely vegetarian menu .
That changes with `` Dr. Atl : Masterpieces , '' on view at the Centro Cultural Universitario Tlatelolco just north of downtown Mexico City . It is the first retrospective on Dr. Atl in Mexico in 27 years , meaning a generation of art lovers could get to know their work in depth for the first time .
Their unmistakably forceful landscapes are familiar to average Mexicans as sort of visual footnotes to an era that saw Diego Rivera and Jose Clemente Orozco flourish internationally as muralists . Yet Dr. Atl 's greatest pieces have resided mostly in private collections , making them rarely available for viewing to the public .
Born Gerardo Murillo in Guadalajara in 1875 , Dr. Atl is one of the most accomplished and enigmatic figures from the golden period of modern art in Mexico .
REPORTING FROM MEXICO CITY -- They were a muralist , an educator and a civic activist who once helped save a colonial-era convent from demolition by moving in and living there . They published books , invented paints and signed their works `` Dr. Atl , '' an imaginary honorific using the Nahuatl-language word for water .
The show is organized by the Blaisten Collection , a private museum founded by collector Andres Blaisten that sits inside the renovated university complex at Tlatelolco . It features more than 190 works , many of which are privately owned and not usually shown to the public .
The exhibit charts Dr. Atl 's progression from early , more conventional landscapes through their adoption of the curvilinear perspective -- as the eye sees , they argued -- in rendering innovative and sweeping views of the Valley of Mexico .
The artist clearly was fixated on Mexico 's volcanoes as both subjects to paint and sources of inspiration , particularly as they sought to push the very boundaries of the landscape form beginning in 1922 .
By the end of their career , Dr. Atl wanted to radicalize landscape painting entirely with their theory of aereopaisajes , or aero-landscapes , in which artists would go up in planes , helicopters and eventually into space to create landscapes of infinity , of `` supreme ascension . ''
Several of the most arresting paintings in the exhibit depict volcanoes at night , in a slanting perspective from high above . Glowing in aquas and purples , the paintings come close to creating a vertigo effect in the viewer , suggesting a peaceful eternal space .
Dr. Atl , who died in 1964 at the age of 88 , worked in the classical method , hiking their way to peaks near the twin volcanoes of Popocatepetl and Iztaccihuatl to make swift sketches of the mountains and valley below ( until they later lost their right leg ) . Then they would transform the quick sketches into brilliant paintings using oil and mixed wax-resin paints they made , calling them `` Atl Colors . ''
It is a happy historical triumph that Dr. Atl was alive in 1943 , when the Paricutin volcano began to poke out from the middle of a cornfield in the western Mexican state of Michoacan .
The artist recorded the rise of Paricutin as perhaps no other figure could , with dozens of sketches and paintings that showed the fiery and violent process of a once-in-a-lifetime geological phenomenon .
`` For them it was important to walk among the volcanoes . They studied them from all angles , '' said Vannesa Bohorquez , director of the Blaisten Collection museum , during a recent visit to the show .
`` If you did n't know the artist , you 'd think these were done by a young [ painter ] , '' Bohorquez added . `` You need a physical strength to do this , and this was a very old man who had lost a leg . ''
The artist was also a committed educator and activist , founding an open-air art school and living for an undetermined amount of years in the Convent of La Merced in the historic center of Mexico City in an effort to prevent its demolition . The building still stands .
`` Dr. Atl : Masterpieces '' is on view until April .
-- Daniel Hernandez
Photo : `` La sombra del Popo , '' or `` Popo 's Shadow , '' a 1942 painting by Dr. Atl on view at the Centro Cultural Universitario Tlatelolco in Mexico City . Credit : Daniel Hernandez / Los Angeles Times
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's campaign to limit sugary drinks is losing juice , but an idea the city has used to convey caloric information about these beverages might actually have legs . Public awareness posters used by the campaign showed the number of miles a person would have to walk to burn off the calories in a 20-ounce soda , and new research suggests that physical activity–based conversions such as these can actually persuade people to make healthier choices .
Choosing what to eat or drink based on calorie numbers alone is challenging for some restaurant-goers , according to Anthony Viera at the University of North Carolina ( U.N.C . ) at Chapel Hill School of Medicine . “ It requires a computation that many people might not find easy to make at the point of decision , ” they say . So Viera and their colleagues conducted an online survey of 802 individuals randomly presented with one of four hypothetical menus . One of the menus provided only calorie counts , another supplemented this with information about the number of minutes one would need to walk to burn those calories whereas the third menu showed calorie numbers plus the distance necessary to walk them off . The fourth menu had no nutritional data whatsoever . All of the physical activity labeling for walking was based on the energy expenditure of a 160-pound adult walking at a rate of 30 minutes per mile—so a “ regular burger ” was , for example , listed as containing 250 calories , the equivalent amount burned in 2.6 miles , or 78 minutes of walking .
FOOTLOOSE : Researchers tested four labeling scenarios .
Image : Courtesy of Dowray et . al .
People who viewed the menu without nutritional information ordered a meal totaling 1,020 calories , on average , significantly more than the average 826 calories ordered by those who viewed menus that included information about walking-distance . Study participants ordered meals adding up to averages of 927 calories and 916 calories from menus with only calorie information or calorie information plus minutes walking , respectively , although the differences between these two totals were not statistically significant . The findings appear in the March issue of the journal Appetite . “ The next stage is to see how this might work in a real-world setting , ” says Sunaina Dowray , a medical student at the U.N.C . School of Medicine and lead author of the study . They say that the team might try to work with the school 's cafeteria about the possibility of testing the concept their labels there .
Although a difference of 200 or even 100 calories might not seem large , a 2011 study from researchers that included scientists at the National Institutes of Health calculated that eating just 10 fewer calories a day would make a person shed a pound of weight over three years .
Running with the idea
The notion of physical activity–based calorie labeling has stirred interest . “ This is a huge window of opportunity for the public health community to provide consumers useful information about calories , ” says Sara Bleich of Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , who was not involved in the new study . “ Information-based interventions that require less mental processing are typically more successful than information-based interventions requiring greater computation effort , ” they add . Bleich co-authored a 2012 study published in the American Journal of Public Health that looked at sugary drink sales at four corner stores in a low-income Baltimore neighborhood in which the scientists placed brightly-colored signs on the beverage cases asking , “ Did you know that working off a bottle of soda or fruit juice takes about 50 minutes of running ? ” The signs that included this physical activity estimate reduced the odds of adolescents purchasing sugar-sweetened beverages whereas signs that included only the calorie content produced no statistically significant decline in such odds .
Subway riders in the Big Apple saw exactly this calorie–physical activity equivalence approach rolled out in fall 2011 , when posters warned them that they would need to walk three miles—from Union Square in Manhattan to Brooklyn—to burn off the calories in a 20-ounce soda . “ We found that this information was new for many people and helped people better understand the number of calories in a sugary beverage , ” says Susan Kansagra , assistant commissioner of the city 's Bureau of Chronic Disease Prevention and Tobacco Control .
New York is , of course , the same city that instituted a requirement in 2008 that required restaurant chains with more than five locations to list calorie content on their menus . Although some studies have found an appreciable reduction in calorie consumption following this rule , a handful have not seen a difference . Meanwhile public health advocates are waiting for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to publish a final version of a rule proposed in April 2011 that would require restaurants with more than 20 locations nationwide to list caloric information on their menus . The agency has estimated that approximately 1,640 chains with a total of 278,600 establishments across the country would fall under this rule .
Margo Wootan , director of nutrition policy at the Washington , D.C.–based Center for Science in the Public Interest , is optimistic that calorie counts on their own will make a big difference in the fight against the obesity epidemic in the U.S. “ We do n't know what the full impact of menu labeling is , and we wo n't know until it 's been in effect nationally for several years , ” Wootan says . She 's less sanguine about adding physical activity labels : “ It 's a clever idea , but for most restaurants ' menus it probably would n't be practical. ” The addition of such information means that menus “ could really get cluttered and hard to read . ”
In the meantime those curious about physical activity equivalents of the food they eat can chew on this : the recent publication Convert Anything to Calories reportedly states that you can burn off the calories in one Big Mac with 350,000 clicks of a computer mouse .
About The Author Cosima has been an editor at SmashingMag since 2013 . Whenever she 's not writing articles for the bi-weekly Smashing Newsletter or the Quick Tips series , … More about Cosima…
Free Fonts With Personality
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors ' picks twice a month . Your email Subscribe →
Typography can make all the difference . However , if your project has to get along on a very limited budget and you need to rely on free fonts , good ones are never easy to find . Luckily , we stumbled across some real gems lately .
The following fonts can be downloaded for free and are bound to give your project —_both private and/or commercial —_a classy finishing touch .
Typography can make all the difference . However , if your project has to get along on a very limited budget and you need to rely on free fonts , good ones are never easy to find . Luckily , we stumbled across some real gems lately . The following fonts can be downloaded for free and are bound to give your project — both private and/or commercial — a classy finishing touch .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Butler
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world : from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties , CSS Grid , Service Workers , performance , AR/VR and responsive art direction . With Marcy Sutton , Yoav Weiss , Lyza D. Gardner , Laura Elizabeth and many others . Table of Contents →
Butler is a serif typeface inspired by a mix between Dala Floda and the Bodoni family . The idea behind it was to bring a bit of modernism to serif fonts by working on the curves of the classical serif fonts and adding an extra stencil family . The result is a font family of 334 characters , seven regular weights and seven stencil weights , text figures , ligatures , fractions , and more . A variety of glyphs make it a good fit for many different languages . Butler works best for posters , very big titles and books . Free for personal and commercial use .
Moriston
Inspired by the chapped logotype on a vintage bike , Moriston is a sans-serif typeface with unusually high contrast and full , round curves . While the bolder weights are full of character , the lighter ones do work great even in larger pieces of text . Moriston comes in six weights and supports over 200 languages and a variety of additional number styles . You can pay what you want — however , only for a personal license .
Born
Born is named after one of Barcelona 's most picturesque districts . Just like the district , the typeface brings together the old and the new to create a symbiosis between tradition and modernity . Born includes 262 glyphs , among them ligatures and uppercase numerals . Free for personal and commercial projects .
Sensa
Sensa is a handmade font family consisting of 21 fonts — a demo of two of them , Sensa Brush and Sensa Sans , is free . Sensa Brush has a squiggly , handlettered look to it , while Sensa Sans looks more sleek and minimalistic . Sensum fits almost any design project — web and screen projects just like advertising , packaging , editorial or branding projects .
Badhead
Badhead is a fresh font , great for branding , greeting cards , logotypes or any design with a strong and elegant touch . It comes with 246 glyphs and alternate characters that you can access using Open Type savvy software such as Illustrator or InDesign . Free to use , also in commercial projects .
Melma
Melma is a font full of character , perfect for posters or advertising . It includes three variations — inline , cracked and black — and is available in TrueType format . Free for commercial use .
Againts
The Againts typeface was inspired by ink and tints hand-drawn brush . Alternative glyphs and ligatures make it easy to make a beautiful creative mess , e.g . for headlines or posters . Available as OpenType and TrueType .
Eau Sans
Back in 1992 , Yamaoka Yasuhiro wanted to design a perfectly faceless typeface . The result is Eau Sans . Eau Sans was later re-formatted with numeric characters in three variations : proportional , lining and old-style figures . The font is available in OpenType format .
Kust
Another free brush font is Kust by Ieva Mezule , a fashion designer and painter . Every letter has a unique structure with a distorted look which was created by drawing the letters on hard paper with a thick brush and using pure black ink . Even if you ca n't think of a use for Kust right now , make sure to check it out nevertheless .
League Spartan
League Spartan is a bold , modern , geometric sans-serif strongly influenced by ATF 's classic Spartan family . The typeface comes with an extensive characterset of over 300 glyphs and a single strong weight . For both personal and commercial use .
Quark
The sans-serif typeface Quark comes in six weights . Two of them , light and bold , can be downloaded for free . It offers tabular and proportional lining , as well as fixed-width numerals , and , for multilingual support , a variety of latin accents .
Atlético
Atlético is a sporty statement . There are six weights in total , including thin , ultralight , light , regular , medium and bold versions . The font is free to download after you have shared it via Facebook and can be used for non-commercial projects .
Morning Glory
An experimental font by Luis Armesilla , released under a Creative Commons license . Morning Glory The font combines various unique geometric forms and shapes . Obviously , the font is not suited to traditional publications but could be useful in posters , artwork and creative brochures .
Tondu
A bold yet versatile font that is based on classic proportions and chunky letter forms . The sharp , precise lettering makes it an interesting choice for signage , book jackets , packaging , posters and t-shirts . The small Tondu family includes an extended European character set . One font weight , Tondu Beta , is available for free downloading . Registration on MyFonts is required , though .
Legion Slab
Legion Slab is a condensed slab-serif typeface designed by Phil Pham . The body copy set in Legion Slab is quite difficult to read because some letters were designed to be asymmetric , giving the typeface an original , perhaps “ broken ” appearance . However , Legion Slab could be a great fit for headings and product designs . In TrueType format ; only a regular weight is available .
Ostrich Sans
Ostrich Sans is a display sans-serif typeface with a variety of styles : the free family contains dashed ( thin ) , rounded ( medium ) , ultra-light , normal , bold ( with racetrack-style double lines ) and black font weights . Designed by Tyler Finck , available in TrueType format and open source ( courtesy of The League of Moveable Type ) .
Collator
Collator is a sans-serif typeface designed to achieve greater harmony between Chinese characters and Latin letter forms when set together . Drawing inspiration from the two traditions of type design , Collator aims to be a contemporary , balanced expression of both Western and Asian cultures . Created by Vince Lo and released as a pay-what-you-want license .
DOCK11
Lukas Bischoff has released this heavy , elegant headline typeface for private use only . DOCK11 would work well for headings , short paragraphs and any type of graphic design in your personal portfolio .
You 've seen any other high quality free fonts lately ? Let us know in the comments to this post !
The simplest way to explain the value of books , as I put it to the high school first-year student I once mentored , is that they let you peek inside other people 's heads . A good book is a stethoscope for emotions , motivations and personal histories . It generates empathy for characters you 'd otherwise judge .
Which is why some novels -- especially those loaded with interior monologues , winding and multitudinous -- make for really bad TV .
This is n't to say that TV , especially in its current Golden Age , ca n't capture nuance . Satires like Inherent Vice , social novels like War and Peace , and gothic horror stories like The Shining all lend themselves to enjoyable on-screen treatments . These books make for successful shows and movies because they 're dialogue-driven and very visual -- we do n't lose anything by nixing the narrator 's unique perspective .
Straightforward , colloquial narration can do well on screen too , as we saw last year with Room , and as we continue to see with twee , cheeky voiceovers in Wes Anderson flicks and slapstick Westerns . These narrators describe surreal events to viewers , gracing absurdities with a touch of humor . Their commentary ensures that the meaning behind the story does n't get lost in translation .
This is because on-screen nuance is usually found in things that can be seen or articulated , whereas slipperier subjects -- the passing of time , the tug of nostalgia we feel for listless teenage summers past , the love-hate cocktail we share with our closest friends -- are usually rendered more successfully on pages that can be savored , and paragraphs that can be read and reread .
Some novels -- especially those loaded with interior monologues , winding and multitudinous -- make for really bad TV .
By this measure , Elena Ferrante 's wildly popular Neapolitan novels might be the worst possible candidates for thoughtful TV adaptation -- and yet , that has n't stopped producers from trying .
On Thursday , The Guardian reported that Italian production company Wildside is embarking on a four-season endeavor with Fandango to bring the stories -- which center on the lifespan of a decades-long relationship between two women in crime-torn Naples -- to viewers in Italy and beyond .
We do n't know much about the series , but we do know that Fandango will likely partner with international distributors to bring the very Italian story ( much of the tension results in the narrator 's warring desires to speak in dialect or “ proper ” Italian , for example ) to audiences in other countries . Hopefully , this choice does n't allow the series to fall into the unfortunate tendency American filmmakers have to fetishize the feistiness of Italian women , as Ferrante 's writing did so much to undo these stereotypes .
Another trope the series will hopefully avoid : warping Ferrante 's empathetic “ villains , ” reluctantly violent men who assert their power in hateful , discriminatory ways , into stock mafia characters . The Guardian discusses this possibility in its coverage of the news , writing , “ While mafia shows are much more common for the small screen , the story of a female friendship , especially one as intimately rendered as the one central to Ferrante 's novels , is a bit of an oddity . ”
If the show does choose to focus on the central friendship that serves as the series ' glowing life force , it 's hard to imagine that any amount of narration will do it justice . Much of the Neapolitan novels ' strength lies in its expert pacing ; to reflect on the stories is like reflecting on actual , experienced memories . So , on the page , Elena and Lila 's phases of closeness and estrangement do n't come off as situational grudges , but complicated , decades-long hang-ups . While portraying that sort of nuance on screen is n't impossible , it 'd be difficult to pull off . Still , this fan anxiously awaits further news .
Also on HuffPost :
Bates was a stout sailor , rough in appearance , but with a warm and kindly heart .
The Mann Ranges are very high and rough , and are composed of reddish granite .
War is a rough teacher , but it is evidently the only one for the Continent .
There is crime to be conquered , the rough crime of the streets .
They had become short , I do not say rough in their speech to their wife .
S'pose the bulls get tired of you putting it over on 'em and try some rough work ?
The shop was built of rough boards , and the inside was blackened with soot .
But how 's Alan goin ' to turn the trick in a big field of rough ridin ' b'ys ?
Their voice seemed to them rough and brutal , but they did not mean it so .
They had been sea-sick , but they had seemed unaware of the fact that they were afloat on a rough sea .
The Bulgarian Parliament approved on Wednesday the ratification of the contract for the issue of new debt worth BGN 16 B .
The ratification was approved by 161 MPs , with 50 MPs voting against , while 12 abstained , BGNES news agency reports .
During the parliamentary session , three of the parties , which had initially opposed the issuing of new debt , altered their positions and voted in favour of the borrowing plan .
The three parties that altered their positions were the left-wing Alternative for Bulgarian Revival ( ABV ) , which supports the coalition government , as well as two opposition parties - the Movement for Rights and Freedoms ( DPS ) and the Bulgarian Democratic Centre ( BDC ) .
The Bulgarian Socialist Party ( BSP ) and nationalist Ataka , which had organised protests outside the parliament building , voted against the new debt , while the Patriotic Front ( PF ) abstained .
The reversal in positions came after Finance Minister Vladislav Goranov made a commitment to decrease expenses with BGN 2 B and promised to initiate reforms .
The SCL Tigers announced on Monday ( 27 Feb. ) that the club felt that they had no other choice than reluctantly terminating the contract and thus releasing DiDomenico despite that the player was under contract with the Swiss club over the 2017-2018 season , meaning for this season and the next . The Ottawa Senators confirmed the signing on Tuesday ( 28 Feb ) .
According to SCL Tigers ' CEO Peter Müller , the player did not have any out-clause allowing them to sign with another club . It is the opinion of the Alliance of the European Hockey Clubs that this is an apparent case of non-honoring a valid and binding contract , violating the terms and conditions of the agreement and virtually forcing a termination upon the club , which furthermore is facing the most challenging part of the season , avoiding relegation from the NLA .
“ After being pursued by the Ottawa Senators and having received an offer from them , while being under contract with us , the player told us outright that they no longer had any intentions to play for the SCL Tigers , ” said Peter Müller . “ We informed the player that we were not prepared to terminate the contract immediately , but suggested that we would release them as soon as the club had managed to qualify for next season 's NLA . As this was apparently not possible due to applicable transfer deadlines , we suggested to the player that they would at least stay until the end of the season . But the player 's conduct left us with no other option than terminating the contract . ”
E.H.C . Alliance President Marc Lüthi :
“ Purely from the legal standpoint , Chris DiDomenico became a free-agent the very moment the contract was terminated . With their free-agent status , the player was free to sign anywhere they wanted . But this is a broader issue were we from the European clubs ' perspective feel that there is a moral obligation from the player to honor their contract . It is clear , that once the player realized that they could sign with an NHL-club , they forced a termination by not respecting the very basics of an employment agreement which is to be loyal to the employer and act according to terms and conditions as laid out in the contract . From what we understand , the player 's conduct was not in the spirit of what they and the club agreed upon . ”
“ It is important for the sake of safeguarding the integrity of our game and the integrity of European club hockey , that we put regulations in place where the pursuing club 's conduct is under scrutiny . It is not likely that the player suddenly wanted to have their contract terminated . They chose to do so after they were contacted by another club , via their agent or directly . This is in our view an apparent case of tampering . ”
“ Together with the IIHF , NHL and NHLPA we want to discuss this issue to make sure that such cases can be avoided and also to review whether the SCL Tigers could have had other options than terminating the contract , ” said Marc Lüthi .
File photo shows relatives of jailed Indian inmate Sarabjit Singh.—File Photo
LAHORE : Sarabjit Singh , an Indian citizen jailed in a Pakistani prison on espionage and terrorism charges , was attacked and seriously injured by fellow inmates in a Pakistani jail on Friday in an incident that could inflame the uneasy relations between the two nations .
Singh , who was serving their sentence in Lahore 's Kot Lakhpat , was attacked with “ bricks and blades ” when they came out for lunch from their special barrack . The prison administration confirmed Singh suffered serious wounds to their head .
“ Sarabjit was having tea with fellow prisoners Muhammad Muddasar and Amir , also condemned for death sentence in murder cases . They exchanged hot words with Sarabjit and attacked them with bricks and blades , ” jail official Munawar Ali said .
Singh was immediately rushed to Jinnah hospital for emergency medical aid where doctors said they were undergoing treatment .
It was not immediately clear what had prompted the other prisoners to attack the Indian inmate .
Singh was convicted in 1991 for spying and carrying out four bombings which killed 14 people in Lahore and Faisalabad in 1990 . They have been languishing in jail since their conviction . Their family says they are innocent .
The prison administration has suspended the Assistant Superintendent , the head warden and the warden for negligence leading to the attack on Singh .
Four years ago , Pakistan 's then-president Gen ( retd ) Pervez Musharraf stayed the execution after appeals for clemency from India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
Nuclear-armed India and Pakistan have fought three wars since the partition of British-ruled India in 1947 , but they began a peace process in 2004 .
Despite better relations , the neighbours remain deeply suspicious of each other .
India blamed Pakistani militants for carrying the 2008 attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people over three days and raised questions over the involvement of Pakistani security services .
I still have n't gotten into Disney 's popular collectible toy video game platform Disney Infinity , despite the fact I own four Disney Infinity figures ( hey , they just look cool ) . Disney is gearing up to launch the third version of the game platform which will include Star Wars , Inside Out and more , and now we are hearing the future could feature another George Lucas property .
No , not Indiana Jones ( not yet at least , although a Indy-focused Disney Infinity set is bound to happen eventually ) , but instead the George Lucas-produced Francis Ford Coppola-directed Disneyland 3D short film Captain EO which starred Michael Jackson and Anjelica Huston . But will Disney actually release Captain EO Disney Infinity content ? Find out the details after the jump .
The 3D sci-fi short film has been a favorite of 1980 's Disney fanatics . Shown at Disney theme parks from 1986 through 1996 , the short returned as a tribute following the Jackson 's death , from 2010 to 2015 . And now it looks like Captain EO might live on inside the digital toy box of Disney Infinity .
Infinity VP John Vignocchi recently confirmed that they have secured the approval of Martin Scorsese , George Lucas , and the Jackson estate to produce some kind of Captain EO content inside Disney Infinity :
JV : Passion project ! I 've been given the greenlight to bring Captain EO to @ disneyinfinity if I can make it happen ? ? ? ? https : //t.co/g1MqUmKScM — John Vignocchi ( @ JohnVignocchi ) May 20 , 2015
Update : It appears Bleeding Cool was wrong about Vignocchi securing approval from Scorsese and Lucas . Here is a video interview clarifying . It seems like they thin they will get the needed approvals to make it happen :
Now I do n't think Captain EO holds enough recognition with today 's youth to have its own set , but you never know . I 'd love to get my hands on Fuzzball and Hooter Disney Infinity figures .
The 17-minute film cost a record $ 17 million in 1986 ( $ 35 million adjusted for inflation ) , which minute for minute was the most expensive motion picture of all time . Steven Spielberg was originally signed on to direct the movie but had to cancel due to scheduling conflicts with their other film projects . The film opened in Epcot and Disneyland in mid-September 1986 , Tokyo Disneyland in March 1987 , and Disneyland Paris in 1992 . The action on the screen was recreated for the live audience using lasers , laser impacts , smoke effects , and starfields that filled the theater . The presentation was replaced by Honey I Shrunk the Audience , another live interaction 3D short .
The story followed Captain Eo and their rugged ragtag crew who went on a mission to deliver a special gift to a wicked queen ( played by Anjelica Huston ) who lives on a dark , desolate world . Captain EO can be found online on many of the video sharing websites . The film featured two songs , “ We Are Here to Change the World ” and “ Another Part of Me ” by Michael Jackson .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Republicans are poised to make big gains in Tuesday 's congressional elections , putting them in position to reverse Democrats ' drive for comprehensive climate change legislation .
President Barack Obama 's Democrats , who largely support legislation requiring the first mandatory cuts in greenhouse gas pollution , currently hold majorities in both chambers of the U.S. Congress .
A Republican takeover of either chamber , or even large gains by the party known for opposing climate change legislation , will make it harder , or impossible , for Obama to win legislation imposing mandatory reductions of greenhouse gas emissions from smokestacks and tailpipes .
That 's especially true if next year 's Senate is populated by more skeptics of human-caused global warming . Democrats in coal-producing states like West Virginia are struggling to win on November 2 , partly due to Obama 's climate change proposals .
Even with tough opposition though , Obama still has the power to shape climate change policy . And Republican bills that stray too far from Obama 's energy and environment goals will surely be vetoed .
Here are some possible moves to look out for if Republicans do well in the elections .
EPA REGULATION
Senator John Rockefeller , a Democrat representing West Virginia , is pushing for a vote during the “ lame duck ” session of Congress planned for mid-November that would suspend Environmental Protection Agency regulation of greenhouse gases , including those emitted from burning coal , for two years . Rockefeller says a two-year pause is needed to give the coal industry time to perfect clean technologies .
Passage would prevent EPA from regulating pollution from large factories and utilities starting in January .
Of 100 senators , 47 voted in June to permanently strip EPA of its power to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
If a vote is n't staged during the post-election session this year , Rockefeller is likely to have more Senate colleagues next year , especially Republicans , who would vote with him .
In Rockefeller 's home state , the two candidates running to replace the late Senator Robert Byrd have both campaigned against federal climate legislation .
If the curbs on EPA were to pass Congress , Obama could veto the bill .
HIT EPA WHERE IT HURTS — ITS WALLET
If Republicans take control of the House of Representatives , they likely would try to stop EPA regulation of carbon by explicitly banning the use of EPA funds to administer such regulations . Annual EPA funding bills that Congress writes would be the avenue . Appropriation bills usually begin moving through the House around March or April .
Republicans could target other pending EPA Clean Air Act rules too , such as one setting limits on smog-producing ozone .
UTILITIES
Renewable Electricity Standard legislation has bipartisan support and is being pushed by Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee Chairman Jeff Bingaman , a Democrat , as a measure that could demonstrate Congress ' ability to do something for the environment , even with more Republican lawmakers .
The aim is to require big electric utilities to generate 15 percent of their power from renewable sources , such as solar , wind , geothermal and hydroelectric by 2021 .
While the legislation is backed by environmentalists , critics say it would barely put a dent in the overall carbon emissions blamed for global warming . Nevertheless , an RES bill could fit nicely into Obama 's latest energy and environment strategy that aims to set new policies in place “ in chunks ” rather than through comprehensive legislation .
Bingaman , who in September told Reuters that comprehensive climate control legislation is dead for years , could push for an RES vote in the lame duck session if they have enough support .
THE RETURN OF CAP AND TRADE ?
If Democrats do better than expected in November , that could revive efforts in Congress for some sort of limited carbon control legislation .
Senators John Kerry , a Democrat , and Joseph Lieberman , an independent who caucuses with Democrats , could bring back their plan to impose a cap on carbon emissions from large electric utilities . Under their bill , pollution permits would be required for each ton of carbon emitted and those permits could be traded on a regulated market , thus setting a price on carbon that could make alternative energy more competitive .
Their hope would be that with the congressional elections behind them , senators would take some tough votes and pass a bill that they could argue would supplant more distasteful EPA regulations .
MORE CHUNKS ?
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid , in a tough race for re-election in Nevada , could push an energy-environment bill this year or , if they eke out a win , sometime next year .
They have talked about providing more federal incentives for electric cars , trucks fueled by natural gas , and steps to make buildings more energy efficient .
This , too , would fit well with Obama 's call for “ chunks ” of bills rather than 1,000-page comprehensive legislation . Tackling global warming bit by bit also would demonstrate to international global warming talks that the United States is still in the climate control game .
OIL DRILLING AND NUCLEAR POWER
A more Republican Congress is certain to see new moves to expand offshore oil drilling , despite the BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico that resulted in the worst oil spill in U.S. history .
Republicans also would likely try to fight off Democratic attempts to lift oil spill liability limits on companies .
The nuclear power industry also could see a resurgence with a Republican win in November . The industry already has convinced some Democrats to back new federal incentives to increase nuclear generating capacity , which does not contribute to global warming but presents added concerns over waste disposal .
THE POWER OF THE PRESIDENT
No matter how many Republicans populate Congress next year , Obama still has plenty of ways to try to steer the United States away from oil , coal and natural gas .
Some of it is symbolic , such as the installation of solar panels atop the White House after Republican President Ronald Reagan had them removed in the 1980s .
Other steps have more bite : In October , the Interior Department awarded the nation 's first federal licenses for solar plants to operate on public land . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar also signed the first lease for a major offshore wind project , which will be off the coast of Massachusetts .
NEW ORLEANS -- Detroit Lions standout Calvin Johnson is viewed as the league 's best receiver by nearly every NFL observer .
Well , everyone except Gil Brandt , a former NFL executive .
Brandt , who currently appears on SiriusXM NFL Radio , said Atlanta Falcons receiver Julio Jones and Johnson are the league 's top receivers . However , Brandt believes Jones is better than Johnson .
`` Not to be flippant about it , but I think some people like strawberry ice cream and some people like vanilla . They 're both pretty good , '' Brandt said . `` Some like red heads and some like blondes . They 're good . I think if you took 10 people , probably six of the 10 would take Johnson , and four , including myself , would take Julio Jones .
`` I just think the whole package . I like Julio a little bit better than Johnson . ''
How can you say that when Johnson just broke Hall of Famer Jerry Rice 's single-season receiving record ?
`` I think you have to say things when you feel that way , '' Brandt said . `` I 'm not saying Calvin Johnson is not a good player . You 're asking me if I would rather have Don Shula or Tom Landry as my coach . You 're not going to go wrong with either one , but you can only have one . ''
Brandt , former VP of Player Personnel for the Dallas Cowboys , believes statistics prove their argument .
Johnson had 1,964 receiving yards and five touchdowns this season compared to Jones ' 1,198 yards and 10 touchdowns . Despite the 766-yard differential , Brandt 's assistant used STATS ICE to prove why Jones is better .
According to the website , Johnson dropped 11 passes compared to Jones ' eight . Johnson dropped five passes on third-down compared to Jones ' two . However , Johnson had 21 explosive plays ( 25-yards or more ) compared to 14 for Jones .
`` I think that ' A ' , Julio 's got better hands , '' Brandt said . `` I think that he 's got stronger hands is what they have . I think he 's a little more fluid than Johnson is . I think Johnson is faster . I think Johnson is just a little bit taller . Julio has fewer drops than Johnson . ''
Honda is keen to take on a second team , following the cancellation of its deal with Sauber , as it feels that extra data gathered would help its development rate with McLaren .
Toro Rosso has emerged as the leading candidate , even though the Italian team has a deal with Renault in place for next year .
Motorsport.com understands Tuesday was the latest in a series of meetings between Red Bull motorsport advisor Marko and Yamamoto , who is responsible for Honda 's motorsport budget and reports directly to the board , in recent weeks .
Sources with good knowledge of the situation say talks have focused around Toro Rosso taking a Honda supply from 2018 , with Marko interested in the senior team Red Bull switching in the future if Honda improves its performance sufficiently .
In 2015 , Red Bull wanted to pull out of its deal with Renault and spoke to Honda , as well as Mercedes and Ferrari , about an engine supply - but it ultimately stuck with the French manufacturer .
With Red Bull keen to have a works supply , tying up with Honda in the future would be a solution if McLaren extricates itself from its deal with Honda and finds an alternative .
Should Toro Rosso and Honda come to an arrangement for next year , the team would also need to source a gearbox contract .
Motorsport.com understands McLaren could potentially be in position to supply Honda with a gearbox that the Japanese manufacturer could then offer as a package with its engine to Toro Rosso .
As any Toro Rosso deal will effectively replace the Sauber customer deal that fell through , it is believed McLaren would not stand in the way .
But it is understood the outfit would not be keen for rival Red Bull to get the engine and would consider vetoing such an arrangement .
McLaren 's deal with Honda continues into next year but it is still evaluating its options following poor performance - even though Ferrari and Mercedes have made it clear they will not supply engines to the team .
Four teenagers accused of breaking into a Minneapolis high school and beating a student and injuring a teacher during class have been charged .
Three 17-year-olds and a 16-year-old , all males , were charged by juvenile petition with burglary and riot after the Jan. 22 incident at Southwest High School , Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman announced Tuesday .
“ In this case , several teenagers who did not attend this school found a way to get in , disrupt a class and injure a student and a teacher . We decided to charge these four with burglary because it has tougher penalties than the lower-level assault charges , '' Freeman said .
A juvenile court judge will determine if they will be tried as adults . ( It is BringMeTheNews ' policy not to name people charged as juveniles . )
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
According to the petition :
The four teenagers somehow got into the school through a locked door ( there is only one door open during school hours , where visitors must sign in ) around 12:15 p.m. on Jan. 22 .
A teacher told police they were starting their fifth hour chemistry class when they saw what they thought were students in the hall trying to get the attention of one of their students , so they closed the door . Several minutes later , the four suspects opened the door and ran at a student , who was sitting in the back of the class . They yelled at him , before they punched and kicked him . The teacher , while trying to break up the fight , was also hit and broke their finger . Eventually , the victim broke free from the suspects and ran out of the classroom . They had several abrasions on their face . The four suspects also fled , but school personnel saw them board a Metro Transit bus . Police obtained surveillance video from the bus showing the suspects . The same four teenagers were seen on surveillance video from the high school . All of them go to other high schools in Minneapolis , including Henry High School and Washburn High School . One suspect told police they got into an argument with the victim on Facebook and went to the school to fight him . The other suspects also admitted to going to Southwest High School to fight , with one of them saying : `` I went and fought and that was it . ''
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
May 06 , 2013 , 07:20:00 AM Last edit : May 07 , 2013 , 07:46:18 AM by leiyplane
No modification , No overclock history , the entire avalon running in stock clock .
the power supply is antec 650W , there 's no problem with PSU .
This 10 chip module cause entire Avalon Box stop running .
Note : just this module burned , other module in the slot remains intact .
I tear the burned module board off , Avalon can run again , but with about 2.7GHash/Sec speed loss .
10 chips avalon module board fired up.One of my avalon chip module board fired up , I tear this burned one off . Now only 7 module board running in a slot.Where can I buy a new 10 chip module board ? ? ? photo by Nokia E72 close up.photo by Nokia E72 close up.The speed reduce to 64GHash/Sec , about > 2GHash speed losed.Thanks for Avalon moduler design , The Avalon Box Survived .
FINANCIAL ICEBERG
Always consider hidden risks
​
CHARTS
​ ( From Telegraph , Economics Help , Statistic Canada )
​
​
The US Treasury has issued a damning criticism of Germany 's chronic trade surplus in its annual report on worldwide exchange rate abuse , although it stopped short of labelling the country a currency manipulator .
​
Report to Congress on International Economic and Exchange Rate Policies
​​
​​Treasury officials told Congress that internal balances within the eurozone are disrupting the global trade structure , with almost nothing being done by north Europeans states to curb their huge surpluses .
The report said Germany 's current account surplus is running at 6.3pc of GDP , and Holland is even worse at 9.5pc . Yet the countries still cleave to fiscal austerity policies that constrict internal demand .
The EU 's new tool for cracking down on intra-EMU imbalances is `` asymmetric '' and does not give `` sufficient attention to countries with large and sustained external surpluses like Germany '' .
While the eurozone as a whole is roughly in trade balance , the EMU regime of austerity in the South without offsetting stimulus in the North is creating a contractinary bias , holding back global recovery . Germany displaces China as US Treasury 's currency villain​​​​Treasury officials told Congress that internal balances within the eurozone are disrupting the global trade structure , with almost nothing being done by north Europeans states to curb their huge surpluses.The EU 's new tool for cracking down on intra-EMU imbalances is `` asymmetric '' and does not give `` sufficient attention to countries with large and sustained external surpluses like Germany '' .While the eurozone as a whole is roughly in trade balance , the EMU regime of austerity in the South without offsetting stimulus in the North is creating a contractinary bias , holding back global recovery .
The US Treasury said eurozone surplus states have `` available room '' for fiscal stimulus but refuse to act , despite repeated pledges by EU leaders that more must be done to foster growth . `` They have not yet made any concrete proposals capable of yielding meaningful near-term results . ''
​
Germany 's permanent surplus is in stark contrast to the shift under way in Asia . China has `` partially succeeded in shifting away from a reliance on exports for growth '' , and has slashed its surplus to 2.6pc from 10.1pc in 2007 .
While the yuan remains `` significantly overvalued '' , China 's has stopped building reserves to hold down its currency and has seen a 40pc appreciation against the dollar since 2005 in real terms . Double-digit wage growth is closing thecurrency gap by oither means .
A chart published in the report shows that Germany has overtaken China to become the biggest single source of global trade imbalance , alone accounting for a large chunk of the US deficit .
​​Switzerland is top sinner with a surplus of 13pc GDP , though the report says the country faces unique circumstances as a safe-haven battling deflation .
The Swiss National Bank has bought $ 230bn in foreign bonds since mid 2011 to hold the franc , more than China , Russia , Saudia Arabia , Brazil and India combined .
The US Treasury 's shift in focus away from China - and towards Germany 's disguised mercantilism - reflects mounting irritation in Washington over North Europe 's `` free-rider '' strategy , which relies on exploiting global demand rather than generating it at home .
The US Treasury said China still needs to do more to wean itself off investment - almost 50pc of GDP - and boost consumption instead . It called for a change in the tax structure , reform of the big state enterprises , and an end to financial controls that force up the savings rate . There is concern that China 's surplus will rise again over coming years unless Beijing pushes through radical reforms .
The tone of the report is conciliatory , a far cry from the hot rhetoric of the US election campaign . Republican candidate Mitt Romney had vowed to label China a currency manipulator from `` day one '' , a move that would have entailed trade sanctions and an ugly turn in superpower relations .
Germany 's Current Account Surplus ( from Economicshelp )
​​A few years ago , global trade imbalances were dominated by China and the US . At its peak , China 's current account surplus reached over 10 % of GDP . By contrast , the US current account deficit reached over 6 % of GDP . The classic image was of China manufacturing goods , selling them to the US consumer . ( See graph below )
Then with this export revenue , China bought US Treasuries to keep the Chinese Yuan permanently undervalued . Many in the US criticised China for this ‘ currency manipulation ‘ – In fact , Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican Presidential candidate , promised to label China a currency manipulator from day one . However , Romney was really a couple of years behind reality .
​
China still has a current account surplus , but it has fallen from 10 % of GDP to 2.6 % of GDP in 2012 . China 's currency is no longer chronically undervalued , and the Yuan has appreciated 40 % in real terms against the Dollar since 2005 . Although China 's economy is still reliant on exports and investment , it has begun a process of rebalancing the economy . It is not the same source of global imbalances that it was five years ago ,
The biggest global imbalances , in absolute terms , now come from Germany , who have seen their current account surplus to continue to increase . In Q3 2012 , their current account surplus widened to $ 58 211 million ( equivalent to an annualised surplus of $ 232,844 million – ( 7.0 % of GDP ) OECD ) ( See graph below )
The largest current account surplus is in Switzerland ( 13.1 % of GDP ) though this reflects the unique challenges Switzerland faces as a safe haven resort ( investors trying to save money in a safe currency are pushing up the Swiss Franc causing an appreciation . )
​
​​ Changes in Current Account since 2008
The UK now has one of the largest current account deficits in OECD .
​
Germany and Netherlands reflect the idea of two speed Eurozone – Countries in the north much more competitive than the south leading to large current account surplus .
Since 2008 , countries on the periphery of the Eurozone , such as Spain , Portugal and Greece – have all seen a fall in their current account deficits . This is a consequence of their depressed economies . With fiscal austerity consumer demand has been squeezed leading to lower spending on imports .
However , European policies have not had any impact on the German current account surplus .
​
Causes of German Current Account Surplus
1 . Undervaluation of Currency Since 2000 , German unit labour costs have risen by about 20 % -30 % less than its main Eurozone competitors . This means German exports have become roughly 20 % more competitive , but there has been no change in the exchange rate – The Euro permanently fixes the exchange rates .
If Germany still had the D-Mark , it is almost certain that the increased competitiveness of German exports would have caused an appreciation in the German currency . This appreciation would have rebalanced demand – lowed export demand , and encouraged more German imports . A flexible exchange rate would have moderated the rise in the German current account surplus . The current account surplus would have much much less than 7 % of GDP . But , in the Euro , there is no currency revaluation .
2 . Strong Export Sector . German manufacturing has done relatively well in recent years . There have been improvements in productivity , and high-tech German exports have weathered the global downturn , better than many other countries . For example , Germany is less affected by the financial services decline like the UK ; Germany is less affected by increased competition on low tech manufacturing industries like Italy .
3 . Weak Consumer Demand . German economic growth has been increasingly dominated by exports . Domestic saving is high and consumer spending weak . Therefore , German growth is coming from exports rather than consumer spending .
​
What about Canada ? ( from Statistic Canada )
​​Canada 's current account deficit ( on a seasonally adjusted basis ) increased $ 0.5 billion to $ 18.9 billion in the third quarter , as the deficit on trade in goods expanded further . This increase was attributable to a larger decline in exports than imports . ( See graph below )
​
Deficit on goods increases further
The balance on trade in goods posted a $ 4.8 billion deficit in the third quarter , following a $ 3.6 billion deficit in the previous quarter . Exports were down with reductions in a number of commodities in the quarter , led by energy . Canada 's trade surplus with the United States declined $ 0.6 billion , as exports were down $ 2.4 billion and imports were down $ 1.8 billion .
Canada Current Account Balances
Total exports of goods were down $ 3.7 billion to $ 112.7 billion . This marked the third consecutive quarterly reduction in the value of goods exported . Each of the 13 principal categories of goods either declined or was unchanged in the third quarter . Exports of energy products were down $ 1.6 billion , on lower volumes of crude petroleum and refined petroleum products . Notable reductions were posted by consumer goods ( - $ 0.6 billion ) , as a result of reduced volumes , and by industrial chemical products ( - $ 0.4 billion ) , as a result of lower prices .
Imports of goods declined $ 2.5 billion in the third quarter , following the high set in the previous quarter . Motor vehicles and parts fell $ 0.7 billion and energy products declined $ 0.5 billion . Motor vehicles and parts imports reflected lower volumes and prices , while energy product imports were reduced by lower prices . Except for farm , fishing and food products , other major import categories were either lower or unchanged in the quarter .
So , as we can see in the graph above , current account continue to deteriorate since the start of the crisis in 2008​​ . It is quite surprising as we are perceived as an Exports commodity based economy ; we should have done a lot better .
27. sep 2012
NOAHs arbeid for et større vegetartilbud nytter : Det er nå vedtatt at alle offentlige kantiner i Oslo skal tilby et vegetarisk alternativ hver dag . For første gang i historien har vegetarmat vært på agendaen i et norsk bystyre .
Forslaget , som nå er vedtatt av Bystyret , var en konsekvens av et Meatless Monday-forslag fremmet av Miljøpartiet de Grønne etter initiativ fra NOAH .
NOAHs budskap om positivt fokus på vegetarmat har i den siste tiden fått stadig flere viktige støttespillere , etter at flere nyere forskningsrapporter peker på at vi gjør godt i å kutte ned på kjøttforbruket .
– Dårlige leveforhold for dyr i et stadig mer industrialisert husdyrhold , etisk bevissthet rundt dyrs rettigheter , erkjennelse av de alvorlige miljøkonsekvensene av kjøttforbruk , samt helsefordeler ved å spise mer grønnsaker , er viktige årsaker til at stadig flere ønsker å kunne velge bort kjøtt . Samtidig er det nå flere forskere som har konkludert med at vi må spise mer vegetarisk for å sikre en bærekraftig matproduksjon for verdens økende befolkning , sier NOAHs leder Siri Martinsen .
NOAH har i den siste tiden jobbet aktivt med kampanjen Meatless Monday , som går ut på å få norske spisesteder til utvide sitt vegetartilbud . Det var i forbindelse med denne kampanjen at NOAH tok kontakt med Miljøpartiet de Grønne , som fremmet forslaget om mer vegetarmat i Oslos kantiner . I forbindelse med den nylige lanseringen av NOAHs Vegetarmagasin , har vi også sendt ut en « vegetarisk startpakke » til alle Oslos bystyremedlemmer , og hatt informasjonsmøter med flere Oslo-politikere . På grunnlag av dette er NOAH stolte av å kunne se at vårt arbeid med å fremme vegetariske alternativer i Norge nå bærer frukter , ved at kantinene nå blir vegetarvennlige .
– NOAHs Meatless Monday-kampanje , som fokuserer spesielt på at vegetaralternativer skal fremheves på mandager , i tillegg til å være tilgjengelige ellers i uken , har sitt opphav i en internasjonal trend . « Konseptet « Meatless Monday » , ble opprinnelig lansert i USA for å forbedre forbrukernes helse , men har spredt seg til flere steder i Europa og resten av verden . Flere av verdens byer har kastet seg på bølgen , og per i dag har blant annet São Paulo , Cape Town , San Fransisco en offisiell kjøttfri dag i uken . Det burde være en selvfølge at vi i Norge nå følger etter og selv om Oslo ikke blir med på selve kampanjen ennå , er dette vedtaket et viktig skritt på veien , sier kampanjeansvarlig for NOAHs vegetarkampanje , Kaisa Hautala .
Debatten i bystyret var den første i sitt slag i Norge , og flere representanter holdt gode innlegg som viser at de tar de problematiske sidene ved kjøttindustrien på alvor . Harald Nissen fra MDG startet debatten :
– Det er nettopp dette kjøttfri mandag handler om : Å bygge kunnskap om hvordan velsmakende vegetarisk mat kan lages , slik at det blir lettere å velge vegetarisk . Vi hadde helst sett at det gikk an å få flertall for en kjøttfri dag i uken , men er positivt overrasket over vedtaket det blir flertall for , sa Nissen .
Flere fra Høyre ga MDG ros for å ha fremmet debatten om kjøtt , helse og miljø , og representant Stefan Heggelund ga et kraftfullt innlegg til støtte for positiv fokus på vegetarmat :
– Dersom Oslo vil være en klimakommune må vi legge til rette for at det skal være lett å velge vegatarisk . FN ønsker at flere av oss skal bli vegetarianere . Jeg er vegetarianer , og jeg er det av etisk og politisk overbevisning . Jeg mener det forslaget kommiteen har kommet til er veldig bra fordi det sikrer valgfrihet og tilrettelegging for alle , sa Heggelund ( H ) .
SV la vekt på den internasjonale kampanjen i sitt innlegg , og støttet også ideen om ekstra fokus en dag i uken :
– Det er en stor internasjonal kampanje , « Meatfree Monday » , som setter fokus på at økende kjøttforbruk i befolkningen også har et miljøperspektiv . Det er viktig å bidra til økt bevissthet og en holdningsendring for å få ned kjøttforbruket . Det er et stort behov for å informere om sammenhengen mellom kjøttforbruk , klimagasser , ressursforburk og helse . I tillegg til å øke folks valgfrihet , tror SV det er klokt å innføre en kjøttfri dag i kommunen , sa Marianne Borgen ( SV ) .
Rødt støttet også MDGs opprinnelige forslag :
– Mat handler ikke bare om å holde seg frisk og mett , hva vi spiser har stor betydning for miljøet rundt oss og verden rundt oss . Å bare forholde seg til dette som et personlig valg er ikke rett , vi er også en del av miljøet rundt oss , sa Marit Halse ( R ) .
Arbeiderpartiet stemte ikke for MDGs forslag , men for det enstemmige forslaget om å styrke vegetartilbudet :
– Verdens helseorganisasjon anbefaler lavere forbruk av kjøtt . Store deler av verden bidrar med sitt ved å spise mer vegetarisk , mens vi i Vesten spiser mer kjøtt . Oslo kommune kan spille en foregangsrolle for en holdningsendring , sa Nadeem Butt .
Det endelige vedtaket ( Sak 269 12/00880 Privat forslag fra Harald A. Nissen ( MDG ) av 04.05.2012 – Kjøttfri mandag i Oslo kommune . ) lød :
« Bystyret ber byrådet legge til rette for valgmuligheter mellom kjøtt/fisk og vegetar mat i kommunens kantiner . »
Send gjerne en takk til Oslo Bystyre for at de nå legger til rette for vegetarvennlige kantiner !
Russian President Vladimir Putin called for a United Nations investigation into the attacks in Syria right before American Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrived in Moscow . | Getty Putin : Russia wants U.N. to investigate Syrian chemical attack
As the U.S. and Russia trade barbs over last week 's Syria missile strike , Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday their nation will seek an investigation by the United Nations into last week 's chemical weapons attack , which the U.S. and others have blamed on the Syrian government , according to The Associated Press .
Putin spoke to reporters about Syria before U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrived in Moscow for a much-anticipated visit . While in Moscow , Tillerson is expected to meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , according to the AP .
Story Continued Below
The Kremlin has blamed Syrian rebels for possessing a stockpile of chemical weapons that were hit by a conventional airstrike .
Tillerson suggested Tuesday that the Russian government reevaluate its support for the regime of Syrian dictator Bashar Assad .
`` Russia has really aligned itself with the Assad regime , the Iranians and Hezbollah . Is that a long-term alliance that serves Russia 's interest ? ” Tillerson said Tuesday at a news conference in Italy , where they are attending a meeting of the G-7 nations . “ Or would Russia prefer to realign with the United States , with other western countries and Middle-East countries who are seeking to resolve the Syrian crisis ? ”
Tillerson 's comments come in the wake of U.S. missile strikes last week against a Syrian military base where aircraft that the chemical weapon attack against the rebel-controlled town in northern Syria are believed to have taken off from . Russia , the Assad regime 's most powerful international ally , was believed to have military personnel stationed at the air base , although the U.S. gave the Kremlin notice that the missile strikes would occur .
Repeating a talking point that other U.S. officials have made in the days since the missile strikes , Tillerson noted that Russia was supposed to have been a guarantor of a 2013 deal by which Syria was supposed to have turned over for destruction its entire chemical weapon stockpile . The secretary of state said it was unclear whether Russia “ failed to take this obligation seriously ” or was “ incompetent ” but added that “ this distinction does n't much matter to the dead . ”
Tillerson 's harsh words for the Kremlin stand in contrast to the prevailing criticism of their nomination to serve as America 's top diplomat , chiefly that they had grown too close in their previous career as the head of Exxon-Mobil to the Russian government and specifically to Russian President Vladimir Putin . That Tillerson was personally awarded Russia 's Order of Friendship by Putin in 2012 was of particular concern to many in the Senate , which nonetheless eventually confirmed him .
Last week 's missile strikes were launched in the national security interests of the U.S. , Tillerson said , because of the threat that chemical weapons pose to the ground situation in Syria , where the ongoing civil war is compounded by the international campaign against Islamic State militants . But the strikes were also a “ direct response to the Assad regime 's barbarism ” which left more than 70 people , including children young enough to be wearing diapers , dead .
Morning Defense newsletter Sign up for Morning Defense , a daily briefing on Washington 's national security apparatus . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Prior to last week 's chemical weapons attack , both Tillerson and Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley had voiced a shift in U.S. position , that it would no longer insist on removing Assad from power amid larger negotiations for a peace deal in Syria . But since the chemical attack and subsequent missile strikes , both Haley and Tillerson have expressed renewed demands for Assad 's removal .
“ It 's clear to all of us that the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end . But the question of how that ends and the transition itself could be very important in our view to the durability , the stability inside of a unified Syria , ” they said . “ So that 's why we are not presupposing how that occurs . But I think it is clear that we see no further role for the Assad regime longer term . ”
CORRECTION : A previous version of this story misidentified Vladimir Putin in the photo caption . This story has been updated .
Of all the things there are to loathe about feminism – from its insipid vagina “ art ” to its laughable women 's “ studies ” – I think the thing that disgusts me the most about it is its pointless rebellion . It 's like when your toddler stamps their little foot and shrieks , “ I wo n't ( put on my coat , wear my shoes , etc ) and you ca n't make me ! ” and you just shake your head sadly at the toddler because it 's such a stupid thing to be rebellious about , so not based in reality .
With toddlers , you can just kind of laugh it off . But when grown women do it , it is simply ugly to behold .
Take this for instance :
What is this even a protest against ? Is it supposed to be against capitalism or something ? But in what sense are the women of this nation standing up to materialism en masse ? To globalism ? To overconsumption ? It is absurd . It is rebellion just to be ugly , with no point or purpose .
does have a purpose . Consider Actually , scratch that . I think ithave a purpose . Consider this quote from a woman viewing the statue of Pointless Rebellion Girl ( highlighting mine ) :
…when we saw it we were very struck , almost emotionally . You know the bull is kind of a symbol of almost a male power in a way , and this little girl is just standing there triumphant . I think it 's gorgeous . I love it .
The purpose is to be as insulting and condescending towards men as possible . And to what end ? Although the sculpture was apparently created by a woman , it was commissioned by a finance company and rolled out with a slick advertising campaign .
Sisters , do you not see how you are being manipulated here ? Feminists ( and the women who listen to them ) are merely useful dupes ; look and you will see the men behind the curtain . They are trying to sell you an image that causes enmity between normal women and men . Why would they do that ? What are they trying to get you to do ? And why ? Do n't participate . Do n't believe the advertising ; it is not reality .
Back in reality land , we just had one of the most significant weather events in the entire history of the state of Michigan . One third of Michiganders are without electricity . Including me .
Let us check DTE Energy 's website to see what is going on with power restoration , shall we ?
What imagery are they using to reassure a frightened , cold public sitting in the dark ?
Oh Pointless Rebellion Girl , where is thy statue when the lights go out ?
A massive change happened in the U.S. intelligence community after the 9/11 attacks . Agencies were realigned and bureaucracies expanded . Congress created the Director of National Intelligence position and the National Counterterrorism Center amid growing fears that the nation was unprepared for the jihadist threat .
There is now a brewing debate on whether the intelligence community — a collection of 17 agencies with an annual budget of about $ 54 billion — may have become too narrowly focused and slow to respond to a changing world . Analysts and foreign policy experts have sounded alarms in recent years as U.S. intelligence largely failed to predict the Arab Spring , the emergence of Russia and China as military competitors to the United States , North Korea 's advances in nuclear weapons , Iran 's rise as a regional power and the surge of the Islamic State .
Intelligence officials insist they recognize the problem and believe it will persist until agencies can fix their talent issues : namely that the government workforce needs more technically skilled workers , and agencies have to change how they work with the private sector .
“ These are critical decisions for us : What skills do we invest in for the next five to 10 years ? ” said National Security Agency Director Adm. Michael Rogers , who also heads U.S. Cyber Command .
At the NSA , “ we continue to generate great insight . But the flip side is that it continues to be more difficult to do it , ” said Rogers last week at the 2017 Intelligence and National Security Summit in Washington . “ How do you sustain the workforce with the skills they need for the challenges that keep changing ? ”
Like other parts of the U.S. national security establishment , the intelligence community has been rattled by the democratization of technology and how enemies weaponize it in unpredictable ways .
The internet is perhaps the most dramatic example of how technology is being used against the United States . Another is satellite imagery . “ Geospatial intelligence is going through a transition , ” said Robert Cardillo , director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency . Space technology to track and monitor objects and people around the world used to require “ government access , government security , government control and ownership , ” said Cardillo . “ Now the barriers have been reduced . ”
That creates a serious dilemma for the NGA : “ How do I advance our value proposition in a flatter , more disruptive world ? ” Cardillo asked .
The answer is “ human capital , ” they said . The bulk of the technological innovation is not coming from the government but from the industry , “ so our challenge is to create the right agility to work with you , to de-clutter the acquisition process to enable your innovation to get to my desktop sooner . ”
How the government makes this transition is still an open question , Cardillo continued . “ How do we lift the skill set of a workforce that needs to be more data-savvy and more computationally knowledgeable ? If we hold on to how we did it in the past , we put ourselves at risk as an agency . ”
Skills and talent also are hot topics at the Defense Intelligence Agency , said Deputy Director Melissa Drisko . The DIA in recent years has had to quickly beef up its expertise on China , Russia , North Korea and other potential adversaries .
Knowing how to exploit data is of the essence , they said . “ We have to be much more data-centric , more savvy in how we handle data and the veracity of data. ” The artificial intelligence revolution is giving analysts unprecedented automation and speed . By the same token , added Drisko , “ we are having to reexamine what 's the role of the humans . ”
It is “ kind of scary for analysts , ” they said . They have to try to predict where technology is going and “ where does the human being add value ? ” That thinking is “ driving decisions on what kind of people we hire . ”
Government pay is just one piece of the talent puzzle . According to the Congressional Budget Office , federal workers with a professional degree or doctorate earn 24 percent less , on average , than their private-sector counterparts . The wage gap is even wider for cybersecurity and intelligence analysts .
The intelligence community , however , draws skilled professionals for reasons other than pay . The work is viewed as exciting and a resume builder . Drisko said agencies still could do more to hold on to their top talent .
“ A lot of people we bring in now are very smart , very inquisitive , tech-savvy. ” That is good news for the agency , but the culture has to change for the incoming workforce to thrive , they added . “ We need to give them a realistic expectation of the environment they will likely have to operate in . ”
The government also has a tendency to stifle creativity , sometimes causing talented workers to leave . “ We tell them to leave cellphones at the door , we tell them they ca n't download every app they want , ” said Drisko . They are looking for DIA to make people feel less restricted “ and expose them to the art of the possible , to keep the creativity alive . ”
Government contractors share some of the blame , too , they noted . “ One of my frustrations is that someone shows me this wonderful tool , and I have to pay a gazillion dollars to teach people how to use it . That 's not really helpful . That stifles the creativity of our analysts . They 're not going to play with it . ”
Private companies that compete for work in the intelligence community are frustrated as well . They have called on the government to change contracting methods and rules that date back to the 1970s so companies are rewarded for innovative ideas and skills , rather than for billable hours .
The industry for years has complained that competitions for contractor services in the intelligence agencies are all handled the same , even though some services are commodities . That incentivizes low-ball bidding instead of “ best value ” and “ innovative technology solutions , ” noted a white paper by the Intelligence and National Security Alliance , an industry advocacy group .
“ Awarding contracts on the basis of the quality of the proposed solution rather than on cost provides incentives for contactors to make investments , ” said the white paper . “ It also avoids the ‘ race to the bottom ' syndrome in which contractors propose unrealistically low prices . ”
Cardillo agreed that traditional contracting is not helping the intelligence community get the most advanced technology quickly enough to stay ahead of threats . NGA is eyeing a new approach . It would allow companies to bid on “ access to government data ” so they can play with it , create apps and other tools that they would offer the government . “ We have data sets that we believe have high value for computer learning , ” said Cardillo . “ We 'd like to find a way to make them competitively available to industry . We 'd like to see if we can exchange that access for an innovative application of that same data . ”
Allowing companies to experiment with government data could help NGA and other agencies gain a better grasp of what artificial intelligence has to offer , they said . Contractors would be rewarded based on “ who could apply the most innovative algorithm or application. ” And giving contractors real government data would give projects more credibility .
Susan Gordon , principal deputy director of national intelligence , said agencies face an unprecedented abundance of data , “ and we have to make sense of it. ” That means the intelligence community will become increasingly reliant on the private sector for artificial intelligence and automation technologies . “ We are simply going to be unable to make use of all the information we have if we continue to [ exploit it ] manually . ”
In the counterterrorism business , said Cardillo , the “ need to be agile is more important than ever . We have to detect and prevent . The window is getting smaller and smaller . And the enemy can call an audible . ”
Sandra Erwin is a national security and defense reporter for RealClearDefense . They can be reached at serwin @ realcleardefense.com . Follow Sandra on Twitter @ Sandra_I_Erwin .
It reads in part : `` Dear Michael , Jim Watson and I have probably made a most important discovery . We have built a model for the structure of des-oxy-ribose-nucleic-acid ( read it carefully ) called D.N.A . You may remember that the genes of the chromosomes - which carry the hereditary factors - are made up of protein and D.N.A . Our structure is very beautiful . '' They go on to describe the structure in detail including its helical shape with their hand drawn diagram : `` Now we have two of these chains winding round each other - each one is a helix - and the chain , made up of sugar and phosphorus , is on the outside , and the bases are all on the inside . I ca n't draw it very well , but it looks like this '' Crick lays out the fixed base pairings which they describe as being like a code : `` If you are given one set of letters you can write down the others . `` Now we believe that the D.N.A . is a code . That is , the order of the bases ( the letters ) makes one gene different from another gene ( just as one page of print is different from another ) . You can now see how Nature makes copies of the genes . Because if the two chains unwind into two separate chains , and if each chain then makes another chain come together on it , then because A always goes with T , and G with C , we shall get two copies where we had one before . '' After a series of diagrams of the base pairings , they modestly continue : `` In other words we think we have found the basic copying mechanism by which life comes from life . '' Referring to publication of the discovery , Crick informs they son : `` You can understand that we are very excited . We have to have a letter off to Nature in a day or so '' and instructs them `` Read this carefully so that you understand it . When you come home we will show you the model . Lots of love , Daddy . ''
Rooney , who has yet to play for Manchester United in pre-season because of hamstring and shoulder injuries , remains determined to leave Old Trafford for Chelsea .
But despite that they are also fully prepared to return to action for United while their future remains uncertain .
Moyes and United have maintained throughout the summer that Rooney will not be sold , despite Chelsea lodging bids of £20 million and £30 million for the 27-year-old .
With Rooney forced to return from United 's pre-season tour of Asia and Australia after just 24 hours last month as a result of a hamstring injury , followed by the shoulder problem sustained in a fixture against Real Betis , they have been denied the match action necessary to boost their fitness to the required levels .
But the player is understood to have embraced a demanding fitness programme in recent weeks that has left them believing they are capable of returning to action against Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday .
Moyes admitted prior to United 's Community Shield victory against Wigan Athletic on Sunday that they did not expect Rooney to be fully fit for the trip to South Wales this weekend .
But with Rooney due to play some part for England against Scotland at Wembley on Wednesday , the forward is aiming to hand Moyes a selection quandary at Swansea .
That could mean Rooney facing the United supporters for the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson claimed the player wanted to leave Old Trafford at the end of last season .
Former United captain Gary Neville insists Rooney will have no problems from their team-mates if they are to remain at the club beyond the Sept 2 transfer deadline .
“ He 's a tough lad , Wayne Rooney , ” said Neville , speaking alongside Sky Sports ' football experts .
“ You will hear a lot of things in the next few weeks and you will hear more , the more desperate it becomes towards the end of the transfer window .
“ Maybe they want a new challenge , but is they desperate ? Are they going to force the issue similar to Luis Suárez and what they are doing at Liverpool ?
“ I do n't think Wayne Rooney has got that in him . I think if United do n't sign a blockbuster player there is no way they can even consider letting Wayne Rooney go .
“ You are not just talking about the performance , you are talking about a character – a massive character and personality .
“ He went through a situation two or three years ago . It was quite a public situation but they still continued to want to play football .
`` If Manchester United decide not to sell them I think that they will go about their business in absolutely the way they have done previously . ”
Asked if Rooney would still contribute to United and ‘ get over ' missing out on the chance to work under Jose Mourinho , Neville said : “ One hundred per cent . This is not somebody who is going to go Awol .
“ I would be amazed if that ever happened . He 's a street footballer , he 's someone who , even now , speaking to people this week , they are training hard , they want to play , wants to do well , keeps their professionalism about him .
“ Manchester United , at this moment in time , would be mad to sell him . They are a massive contributor to games and you ca n't replace personalities .
`` There are very few personalities in football now , big personalities , fighters , they are one of them . You ca n't just buy them . ”
After flying across the country , one would think the Seattle Sounders may have a rough go of it at Yankee Stadium against New York City FC .
That was not the case .
The Sounders started slowly against the home side , soaking up first-half pressure , but they eventually put up three goals on Jason Kreis ' squad . The team was led by Obafemi Martins , who put away two goals , and strong defensive performances from Chad Marshall and Dylan Remick .
Read on to find out who else made the Team of the Week :
GK : Tim Melia ( Sporting Kansas City ) - They looked very comfortable in their SKC debut , leading their team to a 1-0 victory over Chicago .
D : London Woodberry ( New England Revolution ) - Made seven crucial tackles against an undefeated Red Bulls side as the Revolution beat their rivals 2-1 at home .
D : Bobby Boswell ( D.C. United ) – Kept their back line neat and organized against a potent Crew SC attack as United won yet again .
D : Chad Marshall ( Seattle Sounders ) – The reigning Defender of the Year dominated proceedings for most of the evening , giving the home side few opportunities to score .
D : Dylan Remick ( Seattle Sounders ) - The former Brown Bear has settled into their starting role nicely as they put in another standout performance against NYCFC .
M : Sebastian Giovinco ( Toronto FC ) - Their knuckle free kick would have been enough to put them on the team , but the Italian was influential and showed off their skills throughout the game in TFC 's 1-0 win at Philadelphia .
M : Benny Feilhaber ( Sporting Kansas City ) – – Had another great game and was unlucky not to have a couple of assists at home .
M : Mauro Díaz ( FC Dallas ) – If their goal and two assists against Houston are any indication , it was worth the wait to get Diaz back and in good form for FC Dallas , as they had one of their best games in MLS against the Dynamo .
M : Fabián Castillo ( FC Dallas ) – Castillo was the yang to Diaz 's yin for FCD , and part of their genius is that he 's able to pull off both spectacular skill and tangible production , as they notched a goal and two assists as well .
F : Obafemi Martins ( Seattle Sounders ) – One side of the potent strike force that dismantled NYCFC . Their speed got them behind the NYC defense twice , and they buried both finishes .
F : Fabián Espíndola ( D.C. United ) - Has settled right back into their 2014 form , playing a part in both of United 's goals on Saturday night .
Coach : Oscar Pareja ( FC Dallas ) – Had their team flying against their rivals as both Diaz and Castillo had their skills on full display against the Dynamo .
Bench : Stefan Frei ( Seattle Sounders ) , Matt Besler ( Sporting Kansas City ) , Kendall Waston ( Vancouver Whitecaps ) , Scott Caldwell ( New England Revolution ) , Diego Chara ( Portland Timbers ) , Chris Rolfe ( D.C. United ) , Clint Dempsey ( Seattle Sounders )
With tensions running high between the world powers , it makes sense to me to consider that Weld and Johnson are experienced in governorship . Their platform is one of trade and peace-building . Out of the options on our ticket I trust them the most to avoid bloodshed in the coming years .
The President must be able to work with other nations leaders as well as congress . Does anyone really believe that Clinton or Trump will be successful at either ?
I would like to see some coverage on the other candidates on the ballot . Is this not what the media is supposed to do ?
I believe that Johnson and Weld 's economic , tax and foreign policies would strengthen us and help us right this ship and put us in a much better spot down the road .
Marco Battaglia
Deadwood
Xiaomi has launched the Redmi 3S smartphone in India , as it had promised . It packs a 5-inch HD display , is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 430 SoC , runs on Android 6.0 ( Marshmallow ) with MIUI 7 on top , has a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash , phase-detection auto-focus ( PDAF ) , resulting in a quick focus of just 0.1 second and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera .
It has full metal magnesium alloy unibody design and packs a 4100mAh battery . It also comes in a Prime version that has a fingerprint sensor on the back . It has hybrid SIM slot that lets you use the secondary nano SIM slot as a microSD slot when required .
We unboxed the Redmi 3S Prime recently , check out the video . Also check out the Redmi 3S Prime Review here .
Xiaomi Redmi 3S / Redmi 3S Prime specifications
5-inch ( 1280 x 720 pixels ) HD IPS display
Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 ( 4 x 1.2 GHz Cortex A53 + 4 x 1.5 GHz Cortex A53 ) 64-bit processor with Adreno 505 GPU
2GB LPDDR3 RAM with 16GB ( eMMC5.0 ) internal storage / 3GB LPDDR3 ( eMMC5.1 ) RAM with 32GB internal storage expandable memory up to 128GB with microSD
MIUI 7 based on Android 6.0 ( Marshmallow )
Hybrid Dual SIM ( micro + nano / microSD )
13MP rear camera with PDAF , LED Flash , f/2.0 aperture , 1080p video recording
5MP front-facing camera , f/2.2 aperture , 1080p video recording
Dimensions : 139.3 x 69.6 x 8.5mm ; Weight : 144g
Fingerprint sensor ( Redmi 3S Prime ) , Infrared sensor
4G VoLTE , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , Bluetooth 4.1 , GPS + GLONASS
4000mAh / 4100mAh ( typical ) battery
The Xiaomi Redmi 3S and come in in Dark grey , Silver and Gold colors . The Redmi 3s is priced at Rs . 6,999 for the 2GB RAM with 16GB storage variant and the Redmi 3S Prime with 3GB RAM , 32GB storage and fingerprint sensor costs Rs . 8,999 .
Both the phones will be initially available on Mi.com and Flipkart through open sale . Redmi 3S Prime will be available starting August 9th 12 Noon onwards and Redmi 3S will be available starting from August 16th .
Commenting on the launch , Hugo Barra , Vice President , Xiaomi , said :
I am thrilled to be introducing a Redmi device today and once again change the game in the sub-10k smartphone industry in India . Redmi 3S packs a punch with a large 4100 mAh battery that easily powers through two days of usage on a single charge , and is the first smartphone in India powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 octa-core processor . Coupled with an amazing 13MP camera built into a premium metal finish body , we believe that Mi fans will love Redmi 3S and Redmi 3S Prime for their amazing features at simply incredible prices .
[ KS Update ] Afternoon Update – October 9th 2013
Folks ,
Time for another reasonably juicy update from us . We have the usual once and future road map/sprint report as well as other news from the front . This week will be a two or maybe three update weeks for us with the first Piercing the Veil Q & A scheduled for Friday . If all goes well we will also have the reveal of the next Viking race complete with a heaping helping of early concept art from the team . In the meantime , we have a rather cool first cut at the animation of a race that will be near and dear to the heart of one of our Founders and we expect , other Founders as well . We think she 's a scream and this is just the first pass . This update also has a shout out to a Kickstarter project of both a personal friend and a friend of CSE . As to how we did with the last sprint , here 's the report .
Final client entity model finished . Completed .
Begin physics integration . Miss . Not started yet .
Editor infrastructure finished . Completed .
Beginning work on adds to our Asset Pipeline Management system . Completed .
Addition of more features to Animation Editor such as blend tree visual editor , and 3d player integration . Completed .
Begin final phase of first workable User Account Editor . This will be a multi-sprint task with the goal of having in the Founders ' hands for final shakedown by end of October . Completed .
First pass defining the visual look of our games ' VFX . Completed .
First pass Banshee VFX in Unity ( as a test bed only , we are not using Unity for the game ) . Completed .
Concept art for next Viking race . Completed . New race and story will be put out as a separate update this week .
Banshee basic animations . Completed .
Generic Arthurian human model for use in testing future armor swapping tech . This will also be a multi-sprint task with work being done on both the low and high poly versions . Completed .
Integration of additional task tracking software and forward planning . Completed .
First pass couple of generic environment art pieces to flesh out demo – help determine poly counts , etc . Late . It is currently a work-in-progress but it will take a bit longer due to workload .
Finish 1st pass stats and skills Vision document after review with team . Completed .
Finish 1st pass magic system Vision document after review with team . Completed .
Complete 2nd contest for Founders Forum . Completed .
Complete first “ Piercing the Veil ” with forum submitted questions . Completed . The questions are currently in review now with the first Piercing the Veil set for later this week .
Darn good , especially considering some of the difficulty of some of the tasks . As to our next sprint , here you go .
Camelot Unchained server code fully up and running and communicating with new client .
Merge new network code into our rendering client .
Final concurrency and entity system on client and server .
Final integration of particle editor with build system .
Setting up physical build , patch , and DB in office server . Nightly builds and asset pipeline 100 % armed and operational . Be able to patch and run the game within the office .
First pass characters schema defined .
Characters stored and persisted in Database .
Basic text-based character creator/selector on client .
Animation behavior exports .
Animation 3d viewer player integration .
Finish protocol buffer integration .
Encryption – wrap TCP stream in SSL .
Encryption added to checksum validation to UDP .
Second pass on user editor for forums .
Coordination tools for build/edit/patch server .
Next race concepting complete .
New Camelot Unchained Logo animation complete .
Low res Arthurian male modeled , weighted , and ready for parts system .
First pass tech planning for our magic system VFX .
Banshee vfx polish pass in Unity .
Complete first pass on a few environment props .
Next race story complete .
Second and final draft of “ Vision Document ” for magic system . Next step is first draft system design document .
Second and final draft of Vision Document for draft stats and skills .
Prepare new reward tiers for Backers in preparation of pledges reopening .
Initial story pass on next race or class .
Start next Founder contest .
As a successfully Kickstarter-backed project we are committed to Brian Fargo 's “ Kicking It Forwards ” campaign once our game ships . However , we also want to back other Kickstarter projects during the next two years ( we wo n't be using Founder money for this , I 'm picking up the tab myself ) . While we have already backed a few , we will be backing more and I 'm happy to give a shout out to our next backed project , Spark Rising by the folks at Wicked Loot . These fine folks are creating a sandbox RTS with some very interesting bits and pieces . Their Kickstarter can be found here and the game 's website is here . It is a pretty small initial ask and since I 've created some early 4X games myself , well , I 'm interested in this project and they are friends of CSE so backing it was a no-brainer . So , if a 4X game with exo-suits , voxels and other cool stuff interests you , well , you know where to go to check it out .
Today 's final notes are about two of our races , the Bean Sidhe ( Banshee ) and the next upcoming Becoming™ tale . The Banshee animation that accompanies this piece is , of course , a first pass , but I think it 's safe to say that they fit in nicely with the dark setting for this game . That being said , I think they are well along the way to being a harbinger of things to come . Speaking of harbingers , the next Becoming tale & art will be revealed soon . This is the story that some of you have seen me talk about on the forums . It is easily the darkest tale I 've written so far and while I have toned it down quite a bit , it is still not meant for kids . It is dark , brutal and still manages to cross a few lines so if you like your “ safe ” fantasy , this will not be the tale for you . OTOH , if you want to read a very dark story that draws on , sadly , real world events for its inspiration , then this story may be for you .
More to come later this week !
-Mark
John Urschel instructs during a Summer Program in Computational Mathematics for Undergraduate Students at Penn State University . ( Photo11 : Matthew O'Haren , USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights All-Big Ten guard John Urschel has two math degrees at Penn State and is working on a third
Urschel will give the keynote address at the Big Ten Kickoff Luncheon
Urschel on balancing football and math -- `` It comes easy , '' they say , `` when you love what you do ''
STATE COLLEGE , Pa. -- John Urschel arrived at the Penn State football building one morning last week in a T-shirt . That 's hardly unusual sartorial fare for a Big Ten lineman , though the message on it surely is .
There are 10 kinds of people : Those who understand binary and those who do n't .
If you do n't understand , Urschel will cheerfully explain that in a binary numeral system the symbol 10 ( or one , zero ) means two .
This is just the sort of antic drollery that would crack up fictional theoretical physicists Sheldon Cooper and Leonard Hofstadter , geeks at the heart of the popular sitcom The Big Bang Theory , which happens to be a favorite TV show of the 307-pound man wearing the size XXL math joke .
MORE : Certainty in math , not football
Urschel , 22 , is a rarity in college , let alone major-college football . The first-team all-Big Ten guard earned an undergraduate degree in mathematics in three years , a master 's in math in their fourth year and now , as they enter their fifth year , is working on their second master 's , in math education — all while carrying a 4.0 grade-point average .
They plan to pursue a doctorate someday , too , but first he 'd like to play in the NFL for , oh , a dozen years or so . Penn State coach Bill O'Brien thinks they can .
`` John is strong . He 's smart . He 's durable . He 's flexible , '' they say . `` Usually with bright guys like that , it does n't necessarily convert to a high football IQ . But John has one , and that 's why they can play at the next level . ''
FOOTBALL COUNTDOWN : Breaking down every team
Urschel will give the keynote address at the Big Ten Kickoff Luncheon in Chicago on Thursday . Last year that honor went to Michigan 's Denard Robinson and the year before to Michigan State 's Kirk Cousins . They were quarterbacks . Urschel blocks for quarterbacks . Guys who wear numbers like 64 are not typically selected for headliner acts .
You could say their number is perfect for them — 8 to the power of 2 is a perfect square and 4 to the power of 3 is a perfect cube , fitting matches for their perfect GPA .
`` It 's a very nice number , '' Urschel says of 64 . `` I like the number . It works for me . ''
MICHIGAN COACH : Classy gesture to cancer patient , Buckeyes fan
CONFERENCE COMMISSIONERS : Time for 'transformative ' change
Venita Parker , their mother , recalls their affinity for numbers began when they were 4 or 5 and growing up in suburban Buffalo . She 'd buy educational toys for children twice their age and he 'd master them in a matter of days .
`` I 'd go back to Toys ' R ' Us for more , '' they say , `` and they 'd say , 'What — you again ? ' ''
They sent them to Canisius High School , a Jesuit prep school , and there they found a second passion in football . Four years later fellow students voted them Mr. Canisius for exemplifying school ideals .
`` My mother wanted me to go to MIT , '' Urschel says . `` I wanted bigger football . We settled on Princeton . ''
But midway through their senior year , scholarship offers arrived from three major programs : Penn State , Stanford and Boston College . Urschel visited Penn State and loved it . Five years later you can find them on posters and in videos for the school 's `` Faces of Penn State '' campaign , which highlights accomplished persons from across the campus , and across the years , who represent institutional values of teaching , research and service . He 's a sort of Mr. Penn State .
For so many years football coach Joe Paterno was the university 's face . Today , Penn State is emerging from the myriad agonies of the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal . Among the fallout are NCAA sanctions that make the football team ineligible for bowl games . Players were given a chance to transfer without sitting out a season . Urschel says they never gave it a thought — either time .
Urschel , you see , was free to leave even before the sanctions . Athletes who graduate with eligibility remaining can transfer without penalty to schools offering graduate degrees unavailable at their current schools .
`` Penn State does not have a graduate program in applied mathematics , '' Urschel says . `` But for me , it was never a question . I love my university , and I love my team . ''
Thinking ahead
Urschel is checking their watch as they answer a news reporter 's questions . They have a full day planned . It started with a team meeting at 6 a.m . They lifted weights for an hour at 6:30 . Then they had breakfast and a little downtime before their interview with USA TODAY Sports at 11 a.m. Now they had to be off to a noon speaking engagement . ( Later he 'd run a two-hour tutoring session and then sit for a photo shoot . )
John Urschel speaks to students in the Millennium Scholars Program at Penn State University . ( Photo11 : Matthew O'Haren , USA TODAY Sports )
Associate communications director Brian Siegrist proffers a blue Penn State polo and suggests Urschel slip it on over their math-joke shirt , as there will be ESPN cameras filming their lecture . Urschel complies .
They walk into a classroom filled with two dozen or so incoming freshmen in the Millennium Scholars program , for students committed to pursuing a doctoral program in science or engineering . They eat pepperoni pizza and pepper Urschel with questions .
Are you going to play in the NFL ? You look like you could . Yes , they say , they want to .
How do you balance football and studies ? `` It comes easy , '' they say , `` when you love what you do . ''
Did you ever need a tutor ? Just once , they say , for a public speaking course . Left unsaid : Now they speak to dozens in classrooms — and thousands in ballrooms .
What 's your GPA ? They shrug . `` I have a 4 , '' they say quietly , and there are gasps and wide eyes around the room . They tell them they might not believe him , but they never worries about grades .
Are their friends from football or math ? `` I get to enjoy both their worlds , '' they say . `` It would be a shame if I restricted myself to just one . I do n't put myself in a box . ''
Why not pursue their doctorate first ? They say they ca n't begin an NFL career at 30 , and he 'd regret it if they passed on the opportunity to play the game at its highest level .
What about concussions ? The subtext of this question is clear : Your brain is your ticket . Why put it at risk ? They tell them risk is part of the game , and they accept it .
Urschel writes their e-mail address on the blackboard . If anyone has more questions , anytime , just ask , they say . They pose for pictures with each first-year student , one at a time , and there are shining smiles all around for the big group shot . They are a football hero and one of them , all at once .
`` I 'm not going to lie , '' says Luke Gockowski of Gettysburg , Pa. , who 'll major in mechanical engineering . `` That was awesome . ''
Balancing two worlds
O'Brien tells a story about spring practice . They have a color-coded chart to keep track of which players will come to practice late , or leave early , for class .
`` Green is freshmen , blue is sophomores , red is juniors , yellow is seniors , '' they say . `` And then I see purple . I 've never seen that before . So I ask our academic guy , 'What 's purple ? ' They tell me , 'That 's Urschel . He 's not taking a class . He 's teaching one . ' ''
Urschel taught Math 041 — Trigonometry and Analytic Geometry — to undergrads three days a week in the spring semester . O'Brien has not witnessed Urschel in action in the classroom but he 's seen the pictures of them at a blackboard chalking up labyrinthine equations , like Russell Crowe 's fevered mathematician in A Beautiful Mind .
`` The things 'Ursch ' does , '' O'Brien says , shaking their head , `` it 's mind-boggling . ''
But , coach , you 're in the blackboard business , too , with X 's and O 's .
`` Yeah , '' O'Brien says , `` but their chalk talks are in another galaxy . ''
Actually , they 're rooted right here in this one . Urschel had a paper published this year in the journal Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy . Its title has the ring of something Sheldon Cooper might peruse for a little light reading : Instabilities in the Sun-Jupiter-Asteroid Three Body Problem .
Ask Urschel for a simplified summary of their paper , and he 'll patiently take you through a scholarly three-minute exposition — and you wo n't understand a word . But at least now you get the binary gag . Hey , it 's easier to understand 10 as two as the Big Ten as 14 .
You could say that Urschel leads a binary life : math and football . There is n't time for much else . Even their Twitter handle is @ mathmeetsfball .
`` With football and math , I 'm very precise , '' they say . `` With everything else , I 'm a simple guy . '' Their favorite ice cream at Penn State 's famed creamery is not Peachy Paterno or Wicked Caramel Sundae . `` Straight vanilla , '' they say .
Urschel also leads a binary social life : football friends and math friends , just as they told those inquisitive freshmen .
`` My football friends sit around , watch some sports on TV , get on each other 's cases , laugh , it 's a hang-out type atmosphere , '' Urschel says . `` You know , what normal 20- or 22-year-old college kids do .
`` My math friends , it 's more adult-like , you could say . A lot of them are older , grad students , late 20s . A couple of months ago we had a murder mystery dinner at somebody 's house . Or they 'll do one of those role-playing games with a board and dice . ''
Does n't that make them , um , nerds ?
`` You can call them that if you 'd like , '' Urschel says . `` I would n't . ''
But , come on , are n't those just the sorts of games Cooper and Hofstadter play with their friends ?
`` If you watch The Big Bang Theory , it 's a lot more like that than you 'd really think , '' Urschel says . `` That 's the reason I think that show is so funny . There 's so much truth in it . ''
Follow Erik Brady on Twitter : @ ByErikBrady
RANKING ALL 125 TEAMS :
Bizzare : Wife puts feviquick into husband 's eyes after dispute in MP
Bhopal
oi-Shalini
Rewa , May 20 : In a shocking incident , a woman on Wednesday , May 18 put feviquick into their husband 's eyes to teach them a lesson . The incident took place in Rewa district of Madhya Pradesh .
According to media reports , the woman identified as Vijaykant Laxmi put glue into the eyes of Santosh Vishwakarma while they were sleeping . According to police , Santosh had constant fights with Laxmi , over their addiction for alcohol .
On Wednesday , May 18 , Santosh reached late at night and was badly drunk . Earlier also , Laxmi had warned them over their addiction for alcohol .
Next morning , on Friday , May 20 Santosh could not open their eyes . Santosh tried to wash their eyes with water , but was unable to open their eyes , after which they informed Laxmi about it .
Till afternoon , Santosh struggled hard to go out and tried to inform their neighbour about the incident , but at the same time Laxmi warned their neighbours not to interfere in their personal dispute .
With the help of the local police and media , their neighbour took Santosh to a nearby hospital . Meanwhile , after getting hint about police presence at their home , Laxmi fled away from the back door of their house .
OneIndia News
You know how sometimes you get lost and you just do n't have anywhere to turn around except by using someone 's driveway ? Well , do n't ever let that happen to you in the backwoods of Tennessee .
Oscar Scott and their family of seven decided to go out for a nice Sunday visit to Bays Mountain Park in northeastern Tennessee . When it was time to go home , they thought it 'd be nice to take the scenic route . After enjoying some scenery , they came across Bays Mountain Road and took it , curious to see if it would take them back to the park . After going a ways down the road , they noticed that the road became very narrow and turned in to what Scott described as “ an old log road. ” Figuring it was best to turn around , they put the car in reverse , and chaos ensued .
Margie Rhea Ramey saw the car go into reverse from their front porch , where she 'd been sitting with a few other people . Sick of people who were “ tearing up their driveway , ” Margie started yelling . Before they even touched their driveway , Scott 's son asked “ Do they got a gun ? ” and Margie opened fire on the SUV carrying five children , ages four to twelve . They fired two shots , one hitting close to where the children were seated in the car . Scott 's wife yelled to them that they were simply turning around , but ol ' Margie was n't having it . Scott put pedal to the metal and got them out of there as fast as they could and called the police .
Ramey was arrested and released on a $ 1,000 bond Sunday night . They are charged with seven counts of reckless endangerment .
When a little old lady has a gun to defend themselves and their home , that 's fine . When they use that gun to keep people off their driveway like the old man who shakes their cane telling those kids to get off their lawn , then we have a problem . This is not ‘ responsible gun ownership ' by any stretch of the imagination . This is an angry old lady who decided to take it out on a car full of kids . But , you see , this is ‘ Murica , land of the free-to-have-a-gun-even-though-you're-a-batshit-crazy-psycho-idiot-with-no-regard-for-human-life .
‘ Murica , where the motto is ‘ Fuck you , I 've got mine . '
Provided that they sign it , South Dakota would be the first state in the country to pass such a law — likely teeing up a clash with the federal government , which has taken the position that such policies constitute illegal discrimination .
After passing the state house earlier this month , House Bill 1008 is expected to head to Gov . Dennis Daugaard in the coming days .
By a 15–20 vote , the South Dakota state senate passed a bill on Tuesday to ban transgender students from using school restrooms that correspond with their gender identity .
`` This issue has been thrust upon us by an activist group of bureaucrats in Washington , D.C. , '' said Republican Sen. Brock Greenfield .
Sen. Brock Greenfield said on the senate floor that the legislation is a response to the Obama administration 's push for transgender rights in public schools .
`` This issue has been thrust upon us by an activist group of bureaucrats in Washington , D.C. , '' Greenfield said . `` It 's only been a product of recent decisions made at the federal level . ''
They cited constituent concerns about `` co-mingling '' of individuals of different birth sex , saying it was `` inappropriate . ''
`` Do you feel it appropriate for a 13-year-old girl to be exposed to the anatomy of a boy ? '' they asked .
But Democrats criticized the bill in floor speeches , arguing the measure presented a slippery slope to further discrimination and could prompt the federal government to withdraw funding for South Dakota 's public schools .
Sen. Bernie Hunhoff insisted there were no incidents of transgender students causing problems by using school restrooms — and the state could face retaliation .
`` We could have egg on our face with a tourism boycott , '' Hunhoff added .
House Bill 1008 states that “ every restroom , locker room , and shower room located in a public elementary or secondary school that is designated for student use and is accessible by multiple students at the same time shall be designated for and used only by students of the same biological sex . ”
The bill defines “ biological sex ” as “ the physical condition of being male or female as determined by a person 's chromosomes and anatomy as identified at birth . ”
Although the measure does not mention transgender people specifically , the legislation is the latest in a national movement to ban transgender people from using restrooms that reflect their gender identity . Conservative organizations have united around a battle cry of banning “ men in women 's bathrooms ” to push such policies in schools — and to block or repeal LGBT nondiscrimination laws .
Under Obama , the Departments of Justice and Education have argued that Title IX of the Education Act of 1972 — which bans sex discrimination in publicly funded schools — also bans transgender discrimination as a form of sex discrimination .
The Justice Department weighed in to support a transgender student in the country 's most advanced lawsuit over student restroom access . Federal lawyers filed an amicus brief before the 4th Circuit Court in October backing Gavin Grimm , a transgender boy trying to overturn a school district policy that bans students from restrooms that do n't reflect their `` biological gender . ''
In South Dakota , the bill makes a gesture to providing a “ reasonable accommodation ” for transgender students — such as providing a single-person restroom — on the condition that it does n't burden the school district . But that accommodation would not include allowing trans students to use restrooms that reflect their gender identity .
Gov . Daugaard 's office did not immediately respond to a request to comment on whether they would approve or veto the bill . However , Daugaard said at a recent press conference , “ I have not met a transgender person that I 'm aware of . ''
Sarah Warbelow , legal director at the Human Rights Campaign , told BuzzFeed News that for the time being , “ There is no state that bans transgender students from using facilities that correspond with their gender identity . ”
We 've all seen B-roll video footage of robots busily building cars on an assembly line , spinning and whirling with impressive precision and nary a human in sight . But you 've probably never seen anything like this .
Researchers in Germany have connected a robotic arm to the cockpit section of an airplane to create perhaps the world 's most realistic flight simulator . Designed by aeronautics firm DLR , the simulator uses a large mechanical arm built by KUKA , a pioneer in robotics and automation technology , to swing a Diamond DA40/42 around a virtual sky and runways and taxiways .
From the outside it looks like just a large industrial robotic arm with a cockpit , but to the pilot inside the simulator , it feels like a real aircraft . And designers think they are getting close to offering a version of the technology for the simulator market that could herald a revolution in flight training .
It is the first robot-based flight simulator in the world , and DLR says it will one day be used for training pilots all around the globe . The DLR researchers , along with partners Grenzebach Maschinenbau and KUKA , have been awarded the euRobotics Technology Transfer Award for the design . The prize is given annually to projects that combine research findings with commercial applications .
The engineers have conducted numerous acceleration tests and worked on tricky flight path algorithims all to create the perfect illusion of flying . Check out this early test video to see what the future of flight training may hold in store .
I too was shocked and confused the first time I heard Babymetal , but now I 'm all in : Babymetal are the best thing to happen to metal in years . I say this completely unironically . I ca n't get enough ! And now that I 've been to Japan and breathed in all it has to offer , I feel like I really understand the culture that could birth such a seemingly bizarre entity .
Babymetal kicked off their world tour on Tuesday night in Paris , so naturally there 's already some fairly decent cell-phone footage of this momentous occasion . SO GOOD , Although it looks like they had to scale their stage show WAY back from the mega-production arena affairs they do in Japan . I 'm extremely jealous of anyone who gets to see them at Heavy Montreal in August , headlining in LA or on the West Coast opening for Lady Gaga ! Dates below the videos .
Jul . 3 – Cologne , Germany @ Live Music Hall
Jul . 5 – Knebworth , UK @ Sonisphere Music Festival
Jul . 7 – London , UK @ The Forum
Jul . 27 – Los Angeles , CA @ The Fonda Theater
Jul . 30 – Phoenix , AZ @ US Airways Arena ( w/ Lady Gaga )
Aug. 01 – Las Vegas , NV @ MGM Grand Garden Arena ( w/ Lady Gaga )
Aug. 02 – Stateline , NV @ Harveys Lake Tahoe ( w/ Lady Gaga )
Aug. 04 – Salt Lake City , UT @ Energy Solutions Arena ( w/ Lady Gaga )
Aug. 06 – Denver , CO @ Pepsi Center ( w/ Lady Gaga )
Aug. 09 – Montreal , QC @ Heavy Montreal
A panel of federal judges in San Antonio ruled late Friday that the Texas state legislature must redraw congressional maps in three districts it said unconstitutionally discriminates against Hispanic voters .
In a 2-1 ruling , district court judges found the Texas legislature violated Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act . They ordered the legislature to redraw lines defining districts held by Texas Reps. Will Hurd ( R ) , Blake Farenthold ( R ) and Lloyd Doggett ( D ) .
The two judges who ruled for the plaintiffs found Republicans repeatedly tried to dilute the political power of Latino voters - either packing them into one specific district , or dividing communities between separate districts , a process called `` cracking . ''
`` The Court finds that this evidence persuasively demonstrates that mapdrawers intentionally packed and cracked on the basis of race ... with the intent to dilute minority voting strength , '' Judges Xavier Rodriguez and Orlando Garcia wrote .
Texas Democrats called the ruling a victory for voting rights .
`` The San Antonio Federal District Court ruled that Texas Republicans intentionally discriminated against Texas ' diverse new majority , '' said Gilberto Hinojosa , the state Democratic Party chairperson . `` Republicans have ensured that the dark days of discrimination in Texas continue to loom , but the sun will soon shine . In time , justice prevails . ''
Texas Republicans did not immediately react to the ruling .
The decision is the latest step in a years-long legal battle over the Texas legislature 's efforts to give Republicans a leg up in congressional races in Texas - a fight that began even before district lines were finalized after the 2010 Census .
Disputes over district lines in the Dallas-Fort Worth area after the Census awarded Texas several new House seats delayed enactment of new maps prior to the 2012 elections , and delayed that year 's primary - giving a little-known Senate candidate named Ted Cruz an extra few weeks to campaign for a seat they ultimately won .
Later , the legal fight shifted to the Austin area , where Doggett 's seat is based ; to Farenthold 's district , along the Gulf Coast ; and to the border with Mexico , where Hurd 's district lies .
The San Antonio-based district court ruled in 2013 that the legislature violated a different provision of the Voting Rights Act that would require Texas to seek federal approval before making dramatic changes to election procedures . But the U.S. Supreme Court later struck down that provision , forcing plaintiffs to bring suit under Section 2 .
Agram is a popular Trick-taking game within the last trick taking group . Agram originates from Niger and is related to card games in other regions of the world , including Spar or Sipa in Ghana and West Africa , and a variant Sink-Sink . In Cameroon it is called Fapfap . [ 1 ]
Agram is typically played with two to four people ; however , it can be played with up to seven . Agram is a unique trick game in that the winner of the last trick in the round , wins the round . [ 1 ]
Gameplay [ edit ]
Setup [ edit ]
Agram uses the Aces , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , and 2 of each suit of the deck . The ace of spades is removed from the deck . The ace of spades is commonly referred to as the `` Chief '' . The remaining 35 cards are shuffled and placed into a deck . [ 2 ]
Dealing [ edit ]
Each player is dealt six cards in two sets of three cards by the dealer .
Trick Winning [ edit ]
The player to the left of the dealer leads with a card of their choice . The player to their left then follows with their card . If possible they must follow suit ; however , if they are unable to , they may play a card of any suit . If the card played does not belong to the original suit , it has no value . After this player plays a card the remaining players each play a card , staying in order . The player who has the highest card of the original suit ( suit of the leading card of the round ) , wins the trick . [ 3 ] The player who wins the trick leads with a card for the next trick , and play continues to the left of the leader .
Scoring [ edit ]
The player who wins the sixth/final trick , wins the round . There is no convention as to how many rounds are played to decide the winner . [ 4 ]
Variations [ edit ]
Sink-Sink is commonly played in Niger . What distinguishes Sink-Sink from Agram is that each player receives five cards instead of the original six . These cards are dealt in one set of three and another of two . [ 5 ]
Agram ( Mali ) [ edit ]
Agram is played slightly differently in Mali . Only 31 cards are used : the Ace ( not Ace of Spades ) , King , Queen , Jack , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 . Five cards of dealt ( same way as Sink-Sink ) and the game is played in the same way . However , there is one main difference . The ranking of the cards is very unusual . The ranking is as follows : A , K , 10 , Q , 9 , 8 , J , 7 . [ 5 ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Hargrave , Catherine Perry ( 2000 ) . A history of playing cards and a bibliography of cards and gaming ( 3rd ed. ) . Mineola , N.Y. : Dover . ISBN 0-486-41236-9 .
We look forward to January 's NAMM show with some predictions of what to watch out for , including products from Roland , Behringer and a newcomer with serious pedigree .
The Winter NAMM trade show in Anaheim , California has long been one of the highlights of the year for anyone with an interest in music technology . The annual event typically sees hundreds of companies announce new products in their thousands . Not all are relevant to electronic music production , but you 're still almost guaranteed a few pleasant surprises . Last year alone saw the announcement of the Sequential Prophet-6 , Roland JD-Xi , and Korg 's ARP Odyssey and MS-20m , among others .
With NAMM 2016 kicking off on January 21st , we 're expecting another bumper year so we 've put together a short list of what to expect , including rumours of some intriguing additions to the Roland line-up and the return of a legendary name with a new company .
Roland
Japanese giants Roland have been busy over the last few years , what with the AIRA series , Boutique reboots of classic synths , plus the introduction of two separate Eurorack modular ranges , one analogue and one digital . Roland are always one to watch at NAMM , but the company 's recent direction has made their product releases increasingly interesting to electronic producers . Speculation is rife that NAMM 2016 will see a new sampler added to the product line-up , possibly as part of the AIRA series . Gearsluz forum user Tha Knoq , who previously leaked information on Akai 's MPC Touch , claims to have seen a new Roland sampler with built-in modes modelled on classic samplers including the E-mu SP-1200 and Emaxes , the Ensoniq Mirage and the Roger Linn-era Akai MPCs . If it 's true , it would be huge news for anyone interested in classic samplers but unable or unwilling to pay the huge prices they now command .
We 're also interested to see if Roland are planning something new based on the classic Space Echo series . The officially licensed Space Echo plugin for Universal Audio 's UAD platform quietly disappeared from the range a few months ago , leading us to wonder if there might be something new on the way . The RE-201 – which is set to be inducted into the TECnology Hall of Fame at NAMM – is the inspiration for Boss 's RE-20 pedal , but could there also be room for an official plugin emulation or even a Space Echo-inspired model in the AIRA range , perhaps incorporating the company 's new Analog Circuit Behavior modelling techniques ?
MORE Samplers ?
The release of products like the Elektron Octatrack and Korg 's Volca Sample and Electribe Sampler over the last few years has proven that there 's still a market for hardware samplers despite the fact that it looked like they were all set for extinction thanks to the arrival of affordable computer-based sampling options . Aside from the rumoured Roland sampler , we 'll also be interested to see whether other companies have anything new to offer in this small but hotly contested section of the market .
Affordable analogue polysynths ?
Back in 2012 , the release of the Arturia MiniBrute ushered in a new wave of affordable analogue synths . With the subsequent release of products like the Korg MS-20 Mini , Novation Bass Station 2 and Arturia 's smaller MicroBrute , you can now take your pick from a pretty decent range of monosynths without breaking the bank , but polyphonic analogue synths still tend to be much more expensive . Even a relatively affordable option like the DSI Mopho x4 will set you back over £700 .
With demand for affordable analogue synths now clearly established , it 's surely only a matter of time until a synth manufacturer introduces a budget polysynth , perhaps hitting the sub-£500 price range . There 's been speculation about the possibilty of an Arturia PolyBrute or a miniaturised version of another Korg classic , but we 're still waiting to see who makes the first move . We wo n't be at all surprised if one of the big players unveils a budget polysynth at NAMM .
Behringer
… on the same subject , budget hardware specialists Behringer announced just over a year ago that they were set to develop a polyphonic analogue synth . With their track record for affordable products heavily inspired by other companies ' bestsellers , it 's not hard to guess where this one could be going .
Uli Behringer previously claimed that their engineers had “ invested a lot of time in the analysis [ of ] legendary synthesizers from Roland , Korg , Moog , Sequential Circuits , ARP and PPG etc . The Curtis and SSM [ chips ] are today virtually no longer available and we have therefore used a lot of time , to replicate these with modern and high quality VCA and OTAs… These circuits will now form the basis for our synthesiser . ”
We 're hoping to see some kind of prototype at NAMM , if only to find out which classic keyboards have inspired Behringer 's contribution to the synth market .
Rossum Electro-Music
You might not know this new company yet , but we 've got a feeling they 'll be one to watch at NAMM . Dave Rossum was one of the founders of E-mu , the now-defunct California company responsible for bona fide classics like the Emulator samplers , the SP-1200 sampling drum machine and , of course , some mighty modular synths .
Rossum Electro-Music is Dave Rossum 's new venture , set to make its debut at NAMM . The company have revealed in Facebook posts that they 'll be releasing a range of Eurorack modules ( and possibly more ) , but we do n't know yet whether that means analogue , digital or both . Will the modules be reissues of classic E-mu circuits , updated versions or entirely new designs ? Will there also be standalone hardware units or is it all modular ? We 'll be bringing you more information on this one soon , but for now we 're excited to see what 's unveiled at NAMM .
VINTAGE REBOOTS
Hardly a new trend , what with the release of products like the Roland Aira and Boutique series , MS-20 Mini and over the last few years , but we ca n't help thinking that 2016 might be the year we reach peak hardware nostalgia . Instead of faithful reissues , though , think reboots : why go to all the effort of painstakingly tracking down obsolete original components and retooling to manufacture imitations of your own back catalogue when you could just take inspiration from them and create something new with a broadly similar sound ?
Cynical ? Maybe . But there are still plenty of reboots that prove the approach is worthwhile . For every couple of dodgy cash-ins inspired by a long-forgotten ‘ classic ' with a spurious backstory , there are genuinely innovative products with bags of vintage heritage . Just look at Dave Smith 's excellent Pro 2 and Prophet-6 , inspired by their 1970s Pro-One and Prophet-5 respectively .
Hardware sequencers ?
Hardware sequencers were pretty thin on the ground a couple of years ago , but since the incredible rise of the Eurorack modular format and the widespread return of analogue synths , we 've seen quite a few pop up , including Arturia 's Beatstep models , the Doepfer Dark Time and the Korg SQ-1 . Whether at NAMM or not , we 're sure to see a lot of new step sequencers on the way in the modular world , with Sonicstate reporting that Malekko Heavy Industry , Sputnik Modular and Mutable Instruments are all working on new sequencer modules .
We also definitely would n't be surprised to see more standalone sequencers joining the market . That could mean advanced , multi-track MIDI-based options like the Sequentix Cirklon or recently released Social Entropy Engine , or it could mean CV-based models from traditionally analogue-focused companies .
Moog
Speaking of analogue sequencers , Moog is a prime candidate . With a handful of keyboardless modules in the current range , it would be great to see a cheaper alternative to the $ 8,500 Complement B . There 's a step sequencer built into the Mother-32 , so how about a standalone version of that ?
With the release of the Sub Phatty in 2013 , the Sub 37 and Werkstatt in 2014 , then the reissued modulars and Mother-32 in 2015 , it might be too much to expect another new synth from Moog . Instead , we 've got a feeling we might see updates to the Moogerfooger and Minifooger ranges . Meanwhile , it seems a bit odd that we can buy Moog Eurorack cases but no Moog modules to put in them . Could 2016 be the year we see Moog enter the Eurorack fray ?
Korg
Like Roland , Korg are active in so many areas that it 's hard to predict where they 'll go next . In recent years we 've had miniaturised reissues of the MS-20 and ARP Odyssey , the hugely popular Volca series , refreshed Electribes and continued development of the Kaoss Pad/Kaossilator series . So where next ? We 'd love to see a miniaturised reissue of one of the company 's classic polysynths such as the Mono/Poly , but that might be wishful thinking . If we had to bet , our money would be going on some new additions to the Volca range .
Let us know what you 're hoping for in the comments below .
Related
The Islanders ' move to Brooklyn has emerged as an issue in the race for Nassau district attorney , with Democrats pledging to spend money to highlight Republican Kate Murray 's role in blocking the $ 3.8 billion development around Nassau Coliseum that the team said was needed for it to remain on Long Island .
Murray , the Hempstead Town supervisor , is dealing with renewed criticism on social media from angry fans who blame them for the Islanders ' departure . And acting District Attorney Madeline Singas , who is seeking the Democratic nomination for the office , is trying to capitalize by welcoming those fans ' support of her , despite what 's driving it .
But Murray argues that their critics overlook the complexity of the yearslong saga that led to the hockey team 's decision to leave , saying the fans `` give me a lot more power than I have . ''
An impact at the polls ?
Political and sports business experts say Murray will have to often address the complaints of frustrated fans . But they are split over the potential impact of the issue at the polls in November .
`` Lots of people say that sports do not mean that much , but it is big money and it can be big politics , '' said Lee Igel , co-director of the New York University School of Professional Studies ' Sports and Society Program . `` Sports do matter , because they get people fired up , especially if a politician had anything to do with their team staying or not . ''
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider 's look and analysis of the key moments in the Manganos ' retrial . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Stanley Klein , an LIU Post political science professor , said Islanders fans , with the team 's move still fresh , will surely `` have a voice '' in the campaign .
`` The real passionate ones will stay passionate and will not vote for her , '' said Klein , also a Suffolk GOP committeeman . `` But is it a big enough group to determine an election ? No . ''
Murray , who announced their candidacy for district attorney May 4 -- nine days after the Islanders played their last game at Nassau Coliseum -- became Hempstead supervisor in 2003 . A few years afterward , Islanders owner Charles Wang sought town zoning approval for their privately funded , county-backed $ 3.8 billion Lighthouse project .
It would have renovated the 40-year-old Coliseum in Uniondale and built 8.8 million square feet of additional retail , hotel and housing units on 77 acres of surrounding land . Wang said that level of development was needed to make the arena component financially viable .
But Murray opposed the plan , saying it would have a major impact on traffic , the water supply and the environment .
Hempstead 's GOP-led town board pressed for a drastically scaled-down proposal , which Wang resisted . In 2012 , a year after a referendum to allow the county to borrow $ 400 million for a new arena failed , Wang announced they were moving the Islanders to Brooklyn in 2015 .
`` I think a lot of people who are Islanders fans think the [ Lighthouse ] proposals had to do with rehabbing the Coliseum or rebuilding a new one , and that was it , '' Murray said in a recent interview . `` It was far from it . It was a mini-city , 2,300 apartments , and you would never get across Hempstead Turnpike with the traffic . . . . It simply was not sustainable . ''
Nassau Democratic chairperson Jay Jacobs , who backs Singas over former Manhattan prosecutor Michael Scotto for the party nomination to face Murray in the district attorney election , said the county party `` absolutely '' will spend money to highlight the Islanders issue .
`` Wang was going to spend their money to rebuild the Coliseum and it could only be done as part of a larger redevelopment to make it economically feasible . The one thing stopping it was Kate Murray , '' Jacobs said . `` We are going to be reminding people about that . ''
County GOP chairperson Joseph Mondello did n't respond to a request for comment last week . But a party source predicted that the issue wo n't hurt Murray , who was re-elected by wide margins in 2011 and 2013 , after it was clear the team would not stay in Nassau .
`` It 's a very small group of die-hards , '' the GOP source said of fans who attack Murray online . `` The proof of their impact is in the last couple of elections , where it did n't make a difference . ''
Social media sentiments
Still , practically every time Murray 's name appears on Twitter , Islanders fans respond in bunches , no matter the issue .
Earlier this month , when Murray tweeted the telephone number of a county police tip line to report graffiti vandals , one fan posted : `` I 'd like to report the theft of my hockey team . ''
Singas was quick to get involved . In one tweet this month they wrote , `` Thank you # Islesnation for all your support , '' and released a statement predicting she 'd be enjoying fans ' post-goal `` Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! '' chant on election night this fall .
Joe Lozito , a North Bellmore resident and outspoken Islanders fan who says they met their wife at a home game in 1992 , acknowledged that their anger toward Murray prompted them to offer to help Singas , whom they had never heard of .
`` I do n't know anything about this woman and here I am throwing my full support their way , '' said Lozito , 44 , who also was honored by the Islanders in 2011 as a `` hometown hero '' for subduing a knife-wielding man who had attacked them on the New York City subway .
`` You 're going to get a lot of people who do n't normally vote , '' Lozito predicted . `` If [ Singas ] wins , a big part of it will definitely be from Islander fans . ''
The Buffalo Bills appear to be in the market for a middle linebacker .
One day after hosting free agent Jameel McClain at One Bills Drive ( his next visit is with the New York Giants ) , the team announced that another free agent linebacker , Jasper Brinkley , is visiting with the team in Orchard Park today .
Brinkley , who will turn 29 in July , was released by the Arizona Cardinals on February 28 in a cost-cutting move . They played a reserve role in Arizona in 2013 , after signing there as a free agent following four years spent with the Minnesota Vikings .
Bills linebackers coach Fred Pagac , who came to the team from a linebackers coach with the Vikings , will obviously be very familiar with what Brinkley brings to the table . Brinkley was a full-time starter for the Vikings in 2012 , accumulating 98 tackles and three forced fumbles that season .
Both Brinkley and McClain would serve the same purpose in the Jim Schwartz 4-3 defense : they 'd be run-down middle linebackers , allowing Kiko Alonso to slide to the weak side on those downs .
Iran 's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said that their infamous “ death to America ” chant should not to be taken literally , the Associated Press reported .
Khamenei made the claims Tuesday that when they use the ominous chant , they are actually referring to America 's policies , not the country itself . According to the AP , Khamenei explained the meaning of the chant during a meeting with a group of Iranian students .
The Iranian leader said that the “ aim of the slogan is not death to American people . The slogan means death to U.S. policies and arrogance , ” the AP reported . Though Khamenei did add that the chant was popular among their fellow Iranians .
Mohammd Nahavandian , chief of staff for Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , also said the chant is misinterpreted , according to a July New Yorker article .
“ For them , it 's not the people of America , per se , ” Nahavandian told the New Yorker about the phrase back in July . “ For them , they are opposed to that sort of policy , that sort of attitude , that sort of arrogance . It 's not a nation . It 's a system of behavior . ”
Despite the alleged misinterpretation of the chant , Khamenei has kept using anti-American rhetoric with repeated use of the slogan even after their government approved the nuclear deal with the United States . ( RELATED : Iranian Ayatollah Khamenei Threatens America In New Video )
Khamenei 's clarification comes just before the Nov. 4 anniversary of the beginning of the Iranian hostage crisis — when Iranian revolutionaries stormed the American Embassy in Tehran in 1979 . Each year , the Iranian government puts up anti-American poster around Tehran streets and squares to commemorate the anniversary , according to the AP .
Follow Neal Earley on Twitter
Issue
A bug discovered last week in Firefox 3.5 's Just-in-time ( JIT ) JavaScript compiler was disclosed publicly yesterday . It is a critical vulnerability that can be used to execute malicious code .
Impact
The vulnerability can be exploited by an attacker who tricks a victim into viewing a malicious Web page containing the exploit code . The vulnerability can be mitigated by disabling the JIT in the JavaScript engine . To do so :
Enter about : config in the browser 's location bar . Type jit in the Filter box at the top of the config editor . Double-click the line containing javascript.options.jit.content setting the value to false .
Note that disabling the JIT will result in decreased JavaScript performance and is only recommended as a temporary security measure . Once users have been received the security update containing the fix for this issue , they should restore the JIT setting to true by :
Enter about : config in the browser 's location bar . Type jit in the Filter box at the top of the config editor . Double-click the line containing javascript.options.jit.content setting the value to true .
Alternatively , users can disable the JIT by running Firefox in Safe Mode . Windows users can do so by selecting Mozilla Firefox ( Safe Mode ) from the Mozilla Firefox folder .
Status
Mozilla developers are working on a fix for this issue and a Firefox security update will be sent out as soon as the fix is completed and tested .
Credit
Zbyte reported this issue to Mozilla and Lucas Kruijswijk helped reduce the exploit test case .
Update : This vulnerability has been fixed in Firefox 3.5.1 , released Thursday , July 16 , 2009
A Toms River , N.J. , man who did n't think they would survive Sandy 's storm surge , broke into a stranger 's house and left a farewell note asking them to `` tell my Dad I love him . ''
Thankfully the letter writer , identified only as Mike , was reunited with their father , Tony . And both will have a lifetime to retell their tale of survival .
So will Christine Treglia , who found this unsettling note when they returned home , which they had evacuated before the storm :
Who ever reads this I 'm DIEING — I 'm 28 yrs old my name is Mike . I had to break in to your house . I took blankets off the couch . I have hypothermia . I did n't take any thing . A wave thru me out of my house down the block . I do n't think I 'm going to make it . The water outside is 10ft deep at least . There 's no res [ c ] ue . Tell my dad I love them and I tryed get [ t ] ing out . Their number is # # # - # # # - # # # # their name is Tony . I hope u can read this I 'm in the dark . I took a black jacket too . Goodbye . God all mighty help me .
Treglia posted this response on Facebook along with a link to the story about the note :
`` This was my house that Mike found refuge in . We found this letter and 2 others in our home along with `` help me '' signs posted to our windows . We called immediately and were so relieved that Mike was safe and made their way home . ''
In an interview with Justin Louis of WOBM radio , Mike , who still seemed amazed by their ordeal , shared the story behind their frantic note .
They said they were at their home in the Green Island community of Toms River when their kitchen was swept away , so they walked out of their house and was swept up in the current . They said they were pulled a half-mile into the bay and then spent about four hours trying to swim back home .
`` Well , the current took me to somewhere , which I did n't even know where I was , and it threw me back into the bay . And I tried to swim back to my house for some reason , '' Mike said . `` You know , sometimes you do n't think . ''
They said they ended up across the bay at `` some lady 's house . ''
`` She had towels on the couch . I just wrapped my body with the towels . ... I was so thirsty because I drank so much salt water . I did n't think I was gon na make it . ''
They penned the note in the dark .
`` I just wanted to have that note to tell my father I tried . You know , I was n't a baby about it . I tried , I did my thing . '' Mike told WOBM .
`` I was swimming for so long . ... I was so cold , I thought I was just going to freeze right there , '' they said , `` But that lady , I felt like for some reason , they knew someone was going to be in that house . They had these wool blankets all over the place . And I just wrapped myself in them . ''
After a few hours inside in the dark , Mike ventured back out into the waters .
`` In the street there was about eight feet of water , and I 'm like , I ai n't dying like this , after all this , I ai n't dying like this . ''
They said they were picked up by someone named Frank on a personal watercraft . Frank took in Mike and warmed them by a gas stove and gave them hot chocolate .
On Facebook , `` Frank '' Vicendese of Green Island writes of Mike , `` He was very thankful to be alive and warm , also very emotional after warming up by my stove after it started to sink in what happened . ''
Mike 's journey took them to a friend 's house in Kettle Creek , and then their dad came and picked them up . `` I told my dad when I got home , you follow me '' wherever I go , they said .
Mike says in their conversation with Treglia they apologized for entering their home and said , `` There was money on the table , I did n't take anything . I just took something that would keep me warm . ''
Treglia did not respond to a request for an interview .
Louis of WOBM told Yahoo News they wanted to initially ensure the incident was a not a hoax so they called the number on the note .
`` At first it went straight to voice mail , '' Louis said . `` But I had this feeling I should give it one more shot . ''
When Louis called Tony 's number , the happy father said , `` That 's my son Mike ! ''
`` He seems like a typical down-to-earth , mid-20s guy who is still pretty shaken up , '' Louis said of Mike after their interview .
Some people on social media have called Mike 's survival a miracle .
They may not believe they stole anything during their ordeal . But certainly they were given a most valuable gift—his life .
To be honest with you , I 'm afraid of the dark now . I was in the dark for so long with at least 15 to 20 foot waves that with the bay crashing over me . I could n't even breathe .
I told my dad when I got home , you follow me everywhere you go .
Michele Ferrero , Italy 's richest man , passed away Saturday at their home in Monte Carlo on Saturday , according to Reuters . Ferrero , whose fortune we last estimated at $ 23.4 billion , had retired from day to day operations at Ferrero , the world 's fourth largest confectionary company , and had been battling a long-time illness .
The company they inherited from their father and aggressively expanded in the second half of the twentieth century managed to remain in family hands , with their son Giovanni acting as CEO , recently claiming it had no intention to sell . Giovanni had shared the CEO role with their brother Pietro who tragically passed away in 2011 during a humanitarian mission to South Africa while bicycling . The company has n't replied to Forbes ' request for comment .
Michele , who was the world 's 30th richest man , took the reins of the Ferrero Group from their father , popularizing several of its major products such as the Nutella hazelnut spread across the globe . They inherited the Piedmont-based company in 1957 , bringing not only Nutella , but Kinder chocolates , Ferrero Rocher , and Tic Tacs to the rest of the world . They are survived by their son Giovanni and their widow Maria Franca Fissile .
Michele 's father Pietro started the company toward the end of World War II , after setting up a lab to develop products for their wife 's pastry shop . In the absence of cocoa , Pietro came up with a hazelnut spread as the raw material was plentiful in the area . It quickly became a hit , with the product that eventually became Nutella spreading quickly around Italy and then to the rest of the world .
When I asked people last week to anonymously share how much money they make , I had no idea that we 'd get nearly 2,000 responses .
A lot of people suggested putting the data in a spreadsheet or other format that would allow us to group it by categories or otherwise make it more useful . This is not a small project , but we 're more than halfway there — thanks to reader James McDonald , who created a script that pulled information from all the comments put it in the correct categories in a spreadsheet ( by magic , I think ? ) , saving a huge amount of potential data entry time .
The spreadsheet still needs to be cleaned up a little bit more , so I 'm posting it here in the hopes that someone will take it upon themselves to figure out what to do with it from here . Or that a team of you will , or something like that .
You can download it here .
Late-breaking update ! Another reader , Chris , took the info and categorized all the salary data , and even included comparisons to Indeed 's salary checker . You can download that at the link above too .
Another update : If you 'd like to take crowdsourcing a step further , you can access a shared , editable spreadsheet of this data here — thanks to reader Khushnood Viccaji — and you can edit it to help clean it up . Please edit only the entries which are clearly inaccurate ( and if anyone has suggestions on how to better control the editing process , I 'm all ears ) .
Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) Administrator Scott Pruitt proposed to repeal the agency 's Clean Power Plan ( CPP ) on Tuesday . An EPA analysis reveals that repealing Obama 's landmark regulation would save $ 33 billion in compliance costs .
On Tuesday , EPA chief Scott Pruitt released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( NPRM ) that proposes to repeal the CPP . The EPA reviewed the Clean Power Plan and determined that the EPA exceeded its statutory authority to regulate carbon emissions .
Breitbart News obtained the EPA 's Clean Power Plan repeal document and reported on the EPA 's proposed rulemaking . The EPA document declared that they are “ proposing to repeal the CPP in its entirety . ”
On Monday , Administrator Pruitt said that the EPA should not abuse its regulatory authority “ to say to you we are going to declare war on any sector of our economy. ” Pruitt went on :
The Obama administration pushed the bounds of their authority so far with the CPP that the Supreme Court issued a historic stay of the rule , preventing its devastating effects to be imposed on the American people while the rule is being challenged in court . We are committed to righting the wrongs of the Obama administration by cleaning the regulatory slate . Any replacement rule will be done carefully , properly , and with humility , by listening to all those affected by the rule .
The EPA , through the Clean Power Plan , expanded its authority to regulate carbon emissions . The Supreme Court put a hold on the CPP in February 2016 . EPA spokesperson Liz Bowman said in a statement to Breitbart News that the Obama administration pushed the bounds of their authority and the Supreme Court issued an “ historic ” stay against Obama 's Clean Power Plan . Bowman said , “ The Obama Administration pushed the bounds of their authority so far that the Supreme Court issued a stay – the first in history – to prevent the so-called ‘ Clean Power Plan ' from taking effect . Any replacement rule that the Trump Administration proposes will be done carefully and properly within the confines of the law . ”
“ EPA will respect the limits of statutory authority . The CPP ignored states ' concerns and eroded longstanding and important partnerships that are a necessary part of achieving positive environmental outcomes . We can now assess whether further regulatory action is warranted ; and , if so , what is the most appropriate path forward , consistent with the Clean Air Act and principles of cooperative federalism , ” explained Pruitt .
Over 150 interested parties , including 27 states , 24 trade associations , 37 rural electric co-ops , and three labor unions , sued the former EPA administration in the D.C . Circuit Court of Appeals , arguing that the CPP was unconstitutional . A bipartisan group of 34 Senators and 171 members of the House filed an amicus brief arguing that the CPP was illegal and skirted Congress 's authority to legislate on environmental issues .
The EPA 's proposed rulemaking contains an analysis that estimates that repealing the CPP would provide up to $ 33 billion in avoided compliance costs in 2030 .
Myron Ebell , the Competitive Enterprise Institute 's ( CEI ) director of Energy and Environment programs and the Trump administration 's Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) transition chair , cheered the EPA 's repeal of the Clean Power Plan in a statement . Ebell said :
CEI applauds EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt 's move to repeal the so-called Clean Power Plan . This is a huge step toward dismantling the Obama Administration 's war on affordable energy . Repealing the CPP will spur new investment and create new jobs in energy-intensive manufacturing and resource industries . States will now not be forced to close coal-fired power plants or replace them with more expensive and less reliable types of energy .
EPA 's Administrator Scott Pruitt 's decision to eliminate Obama 's Clean Power Plan serves as part of President Trump 's agenda to unravel Obama 's environmental legacy and pursue an America First policy of “ energy dominance . ”
Pruitt was one of the first Attorneys General to sue the EPA over the Clean Power Plan . Now Pruitt can repeal one of Obama 's hallmark environmental programs .
The EPA plans to release an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( ANPRM ) that will reflect a more thoughtful approach to EPA action on pollution that remains grounded within the EPA 's limited statutory authority .
Pruitt charged , “ With this action , the Trump administration is respecting states ' role and reinstating transparency into how we protect our environment . ”
The U.S. Navy faces one its biggest fraud cases in years following the discovery of officers accepting bribes in the form of sex , money and tickets to a Lady Gaga concert .
The scandal has threatened the careers of senior officers who accepted kickbacks from a Singapore-based defense contractor , Glenn Defense Marine Asia .
The company 's chief executive and another company official have been arrested , along with a senior agent for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service ( NCIS ) and a Navy commander who escaped Cambodia 's “ killing fields ” to become the skipper of a U.S. destroyer , according to The Washington Post .
Glenn Defense Marine , which has serviced and supplied Navy ships and submarines at ports around the Pacific for 25 years , was accused of repeatedly overbilling the Navy for everything from tugboats to fuel to sewage disposal , federal prosecutors say .
At least $ 10 million in alleged fraud has been found so far , with potentially more to come .
The activity began in 2010 when Glenn Defense 's chief executive , Glenn Francis , and company colleagues pursued Asia-based Navy personnel in an operation designed to acquire inside Navy information . The firm 's targets included Commander Michael Misiewicz “ as someone who might be susceptible to providing favor…in return for things of value , ” according to court documents .
Misiewicz is a native of Cambodia who made it to the U.S.in 1973 just before their country fell into bloody revolution , wherein their family members would die at the hands of the Khmer Rouge . A Naval Academy graduate , they became commander of a U.S. destroyer , which put them into contact with Glenn Defense . They subsequently became deputy operations manager for the Navy 's 7th Fleet .
Francis showered Misiewicz , and possibly another commander , with Japanese prostitutes , luxury hotel rooms , cash , plane tickets , and even a Lady Gaga concert being held in Thailand . This was done in trade for ship deployment data and to get aircraft carriers and other vessels steered to ports where Glenn Defense could overcharge the Navy for its services .
During a period of two years , NCIS agent John B. Beliveau II supplied Francis with inside tips regarding the status of government investigations into their company . In exchange for that , Beliveau also was provided with prostitutes and free travel by Francis .
It is unusual for military commanders to get swept up in contracting scandals . In this case , the accepting of kickbacks led prosecutors to go after the officers in question .
“ Allegations of bribery and kickbacks involving naval officers , contracting personnel and NCIS agents are unheard of , ” retired Admiral Gary Roughead , a former chief of naval operations , told the Post .
The Navy had three major contracts with Glenn Defense Marine worth nearly $ 200 million . They have all been cancelled .
-Danny Biederman , Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More :
Senior Officer , NCIS Agent Are among Those Arrested in Navy Bribery Scandal ( by Craig Whitlock , Washington Post )
Cover-Up of Prostitution Solicitation by U.S . Ambassador and State Department Personnel Alleged ( by Noel Brinkerhoff and Danny Biederman , AllGov )
FBI Accused of Hiring Underage Prostitutes to Trap Gun Traffickers ( by Noel Brinkerhoff , AllGov )
More People Follow Lady Gaga on Twitter than Live in Israel ( by Noel Brinkerhoff , AllGov )
Being a beginner sucks . There 's nothing worse . If you 've managed to survive to adulthood while preserving even the tiniest , most minuscule shred of pride , it 's gone the instant you step out on a limb and become—God forbid—new at something . Kids , on the other hand , can learn anything in five minutes and be smug little assholes about it the whole time . Mandarin Chinese , the violin , algebra , gymnastics , whatever . And , of course , surfing.01 Kids are infuriatingly good at learning to surf in the blink of an eye . Makes sense—they 've got all the advantages . Bodies made of rubber . No fear of failure . Delusions of superhero-like invincibility . And , most importantly , their sole responsibility in life is to learn new tricks.02 That 's it . You fully fledged adults out there have nothing going for you should you foolishly decide to roll up your sleeves and learn a new physical skill . You 're comically out of shape,03 you 've got a time-eating job , and you 're burdened with a massive ego that will do anything to keep you from looking like you do n't know exactly what you 're doing at all times .
None of that mattered to Elissa Steamer,04 38 years old and the greatest female skater in history . She 's a four-time X Games gold medalist and the only female character in the first five versions of the Tony Hawk : Pro Skater video game . But , as far as I 'm concerned , a far greater accomplishment than This is that she 's also a newly minted surf rat who traded in their skateboard for a thruster just a couple of years ago . Even crazier , they did this at Ocean Beach,05 San Francisco , a truly terrible place to learn to surf that nails each side of the pain-in-the-ass surfing trifecta : punishing waves , freezing conditions , and uptight , surly locals . We 've surfed together a bunch of times , but only recently did we talk about what it 's been like for them to adapt to a wholly different physical challenge as an adult .
`` Surfing was scary , '' was the first thing they told me . This from a woman who gleefully hucked themselves over all kinds of concrete doom throughout their career.06 `` I remember thinking at first that , OK , paddling is hard , but once I stand up on this thing it 's on . But it was n't like that at all . Most of the pro skater friends I know who tried surfing got frustrated and quit . '' Yet , like every real surfer before her , they loved how riding waves felt , so they kept at it , pushing their old skater life farther and farther into the past . When I asked how often they skated , they instantly responded , `` Jeez . Hardly ever . '' And how often do they surf ? `` Oh , almost every day . Today . Yesterday . Wait , did I surf yesterday ? Shit , sometimes I surf twice a day , three times if it 's super good . '' Steamer may be relatively new to surfing , but she 's as much of a surfer as someone who caught their first wave when they were in kindergarten .
( 01 ) Some groms practically emerge from the womb already sponsored . Photo : Ellis ( 02 ) Falling on your fins hurts a lot less when your bones are made of rubber . Photo : Heff ( 03 ) Not ready for primetime . Photo : Web ( 04 ) Headfirst over the falls is nothing compared to facegrinding on concrete . Photo : Muellner ( 05 ) Ocean Beach , beginners need not apply . Photo : Glaser ( 06 ) At 10 , hooked for life by the time they got to their feet . Photo : Payne
We should probably be applauding people who have the iron will it takes to learn how to surf as adults . But usually we do n't . Instead , those of us who 've been surfing since we were kids—us self-congratulating hardcore surfers—typically ignore the experiences of adult beginners in surf culture ( unless we 're yelling at them because they 're carrying their boards incorrectly ) ,07 even though their experiences are every bit as valid as our own . It 's as if we think that cold-shouldering adult learners will shrink their numbers , though we see them every Saturday , streaming like ants into surf schools across the country . Most lifelong surfers seem to think they 've got a monopoly on surfing , believing that if somebody did n't grow up at the beach , that 's it , they blew their only chance to become a real surfer . The scowliest stink-eye at your local break will go all gushy watching a toddler scramble to their feet on a soft-top to catch their first wave . Yet if that same toddler 's 35-year-old dad shows up at the beach and makes the mistake of trying to learn how to surf himself , their pasty-white ass becomes fair game for every pissy local 's vocal frustrations about overcrowding.08 It 's tempting to assume that because somebody has n't been properly shacked , they are n't a real surfer , and it 's too easy to dismiss the enthusiasm of newcomers who get stoked on clean 2-foot days . I suspect that deep down inside we 're just envious of the neophyte 's easy stoke . Bummed out by the jadedness they reveal in us . Regardless , he 's got just the same right to learn to surf today as you did when you were a grom . Even if they are putting their leash on the wrong foot09 and tripping over it on the way to the water 's edge . Oh , beginners .
Advertisement
And groms have it so much easier than adults when it comes to dealing with beginner status . No emotional hang-ups about entering a world where they know they 're a bottom-feeder . Just imagine how that insecurity is magnified by being a world-class athlete in one sport and then waltzing into another as a sheepish newcomer . Steamer again : `` I 'm pretty self-conscious , but when I 'd be at the skate park , I was always oddly comfortable . But when I 'm in the water , it 's not like that at all . People will be paddling around me and be like , 'Get outta the way , lady ! ' and I 'll be thinking , 'Oh yeah , I 'm just a 38-year-old woman in the water . I 'm not at the skate park.10 Nobody knows me . People just drop in on me and do n't give a fuck . ' ''
Your average 30-something accounts manager who was so pumped after seeing Chasing Mavericks that they went out and bought a longboard and hits Pleasure Point every day before work is n't all that different from Steamer . Maybe they are n't an X Games star , but , for a big chunk of their time , he 's giving up their comfortable , confident adult self to jump into a world where they lands smack dab at the bottom of the social totem pole . And you know what ? For that , they deserve your respect .
Wow . Nick Veasey x-rayed the Macallan HOUSE ! I can see the room i stayed in in there ! If i ever wanted to be someone 's intern ~ i think this would be it . I 'm also reinstating an xray machine to the top of my wishlist…
Take a close up look at these awesome limited edition Macallan 12 boxes for the holiday season featuring Nick Veasey 's x-ray imagery of the Macallan 's six pillars . Each box is sold individually and features a feather , scissors , liquid drop , still , cask or the house to represent the six pillars . Take a peek at the beautiful images in high res on the next page ~ i ca n't wait to see these all in person !
p.s . I 'd love it if the back of the box was an xray of the box itself printed on showing the bottle within !
p.p.s . They should have x-rayed a highland cow from the property .
Ever since the VW scandal broke two weeks ago , there 've been ongoing questions as to the types of penalties VW might face . Not only did the company deliberately include so-called “ defeat devices , ” designed to allow their diesel vehicles to spew up to 40x more pollutants than allowed under US law , they lied to investigators and misrepresented the nature of the problem , all while continuing to market these vehicles as “ clean diesel ” and a practical alternative to hybrids or electric cars . Given that VW has admitted that it lied and defrauded more than 11 million customers ( closer to 15 million if you include vehicles from Audi and Skoda ) , it may not be possible to bring criminal charges against the company .
According to the Wall Street Journal , the section of the Clean Air Act of 1970 specifies criminal penalties for fixed sources of emissions ( power plants ) , but only specifies civil penalties for automakers and other moving sources of air pollution . Our own cursory investigation of the Clean Air Act confirms this — while an omission of this sort does not automatically mean the government can not bring a criminal charges against a company , the law does not explicitly carve out criminal penalties .
The WSJ reports that the government is looking to bring charges on different counts , including lying to federal officials , but the government may choose to pursue civil , rather than criminal charges in any case . Civil charges would allow VW 's staff to avoid jail time , but could still carry staggering fines that could bankrupt the company . Pressure on VW has been growing from all sides ; the company recently declared that it had a plan in place to bring all vehicles into proper compliance with both European and US law . The only way for VW to have developed that plan so quickly is if it simply intends to update vehicle software to turn the “ test ” mode feature on full-time . While likely to work , it 's also likely to anger many VW drivers , who will see engine performance , fuel economy , or maintenance costs increase as a result of the changes . The first class action lawsuits against VW , needless to say , are already rolling forward .
At Slate , David Auerbach makes the argument that the man almost certainly responsible for the VW scandal has , thus far , escaped notice . According to Auerbach , Ferdinand Piech , the grandson of Ferdinand Porsche and chairperson of VW 's board until this past spring , hand-selected the executives that ran the affected businesses and presided over the culture that allowed to them to be installed . VW , unlike most ostensibly public companies , holds the vast majority of its voting power in private hands and operates with a rigid , top-down , hierarchical and dynastic power structure . We do n't know yet which executives knew about the defeat devices or who ordered them installed , but given that problems are now cropping up across VW 's various product families , it seems obvious that this problem went deeper than just the CEO .
Jack Wilshere has 34 England caps but has not represented their country since June 2016
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says they are identifying transfer targets for next season - and is unlikely to re-sign England midfielder Jack Wilshere
Wilshere , 25 , has been on loan with the Cherries most of the season from Arsenal but has missed the end of the campaign with a fractured leg .
`` I think it 's going to be really difficult for us , '' said Howe , when asked on Friday about the chances of re-signing Wilshere .
`` We wish them well for the future . ''
After signing at the end of August , England international Wilshere made 27 league appearances for the Cherries - including five as a substitute - without scoring , although they managed two assists .
Scans revealed a hairline crack in Wilshere 's left fibula after they were injured during a 4-0 defeat at Tottenham on 15 April .
`` When we signed them on loan , and I have said this many times , the plan was for them to stay for a season and then to go back to Arsenal to evaluate their future , '' added Howe , whose side have secured a third straight season in the Premier League .
Media playback is not supported on this device Alan Shearer : Bournemouth move 'has not worked ' for Jack Wilshere
Bournemouth is 11th in the Premier League table , eight points above the relegation zone , with two games remaining at home to Burnley ( 15:00 BST ) on Saturday and away to Leicester on 21 May ( 15:00 BST ) .
Photo : Chris Strong
My first reaction to the diagnosis was not utter panic . What popped into my head was literally this : Well , at least it 's fashionable ; all the best people get cancer . Mine was colorectal—stage 4 because of a couple of spots spread onto the liver . Not one word of which remotely registered in my brain at the time . All I knew was I 'd joined a very large and distinguished club . And that 's truly and weirdly what 's empowered me every step of this surreal three-year odyssey .
•
I did n't know what “ stage 4 ” meant . When the doctors explained it , I heard it through layers of psychological gauze . Mainly , I heard their confidence that I could most likely be cured—with two major surgeries and a whole bunch of chemotherapy before and after . But of course , when I started telling people my cancer was stage 4 , they heard it like a death sentence . Because that 's usually what it is .
•
My oncologist told me , “ This is your full-time job now. ” That 's in the top realm of things you have to come to grips with .
•
With cancer , you always hear the word “ battle. ” But the first thing I did was surrender myself to my doctors . My attitude was , I 'm not going to understand a goddamn thing they 're going to tell me . And it 's too weird to consider who you are under your own hood . But you do want top-notch mechanics figuring it all out .
•
I started spelling “ chemo ” k-e-e-m-o whenever I wrote it out because I thought that made it sound fun . And then “ hot sauce ” and “ glow juice. ” It 's so easy to fall into a vat of hopelessness . You better bring some levity to this . And you better laugh every day . Because if you forget how to laugh , cancer will just spin you out .
•
I drove myself back and forth to keemo . I know it sounds strange , but to be able to do so much of this alone—without the frightened eyes of friends or loved ones on me and instead under the confident , cheerful gaze of the professionals dispensing the keemo—that was important to me . It 's like jumping off the high dive or anything else that 's scary or unpleasant in life—sucking it up and doing it yourself gives you a sense of control .
•
My rule No . 1 from the get-go : Never look anything up on the internet . And to this day , I really have n't .
•
During my first months of keemo , it was clear that there were massive battles going on inside me , like outright war raging through my blood system . And it was deafening , that war , even though it was inaudible . It was so loud that I did n't want to compete with it by talking . I needed to be more quiet than I 'd ever been before . There was nothing to say .
•
That 's why almost immediately I sought refuge in the Turner Classic Movies channel . I knew there would n't be any commercials jumping in . Never anything overstimulating onscreen . Just gentle enough . Black and white . Safer , simpler times . Loveliness . And by throwing myself into film history , I felt like I was still being productive in a way .
•
Because one complication always led to another , I spent 118 consecutive days in Presence Saint Joseph Hospital—from April 22 to August 18 , 2014 , the shank of two whole seasons . Except for a handful of those days , I was sealed away in the same 10th-floor room . Room 1045 . Without knowing it , I taught myself a certain kind of meditation to withstand it all . I could take myself into a quieter place . I kept the TV off for the first months because I did n't want the noise . I kept the drapes drawn because I did n't want the intensity of the daylight . I wanted to feel subdued and Zen .
•
While I was in the hospital , I made it a policy : No visitors allowed , other than a handful of the people closest to me . Mainly just my sister and my 88-year-old dad . Six is too many . I did n't want the distraction . I did n't want people trying to cheer me up . I did not have the energy for it . I just wanted to get down eye to eye with this thing and go at it . Outside meddling and second-guessing would have been the end of me .
UPDATES :
Landyachtz Evo deck option with CARVON EVO ( Please increase your CARVON EVO pledge to $ 100 more to get this upgrade )
CARVON Landyachtz EVO
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Both EVO and REVO 4WD will come with a pair of Head and Tail lights from ShredLights
EVO with ShredLights
Read what they are saying about CARVON :
Some features have Patents pending .
Get Your Carve ON !
A2ESK8 Squad
CARVON V1 , V2/2.5 and V3 Dual Direct Drive Motors
CARVON has been at the forefront of the Electric Skateboard and Longboard revolution . Our Hub Motors kit have long been popular with the Electric Skateboard DIY crowd , like the A2ESK8 Squad pictured above . We have a lot of positive feedbacks from the internet forums . One of our best riders , Rik of runplayback.com , has a video of them reaching 31 mph on their Single V2 Hub Motor . Our latest Direct Drive V3 and CARVON X motors will power our new complete boards , the EVO and REVO 4WD .
V3 -- Not Hub Motors
V3 Motors useful and Complete Wheels
V3 Early Prototype
Our new CARVON V3 Dual Direct Drive Motors are not hub motors . They are not positioned inside the wheels . They are positioned next to the wheels , so that the whole structure of the wheel is maintained . Experience has taught us that having full and thick urethane wheels is better in terms of the ride quality and long-term durability of the motors . Just say `` NO '' to thin urethane !
V3 Motors on ABEC 11 Flywheels
X Motor -- 2 on 1
X Motor
X Motor Demo
The CARVON X Motor is a Single motor that drives two wheels . It 's a geared-down setup that uses belts to multiply the torque output of the motor . But unlike other belt drives , the CARVON X incorporates one-way bearings so that the wheels can spin faster than the motor 's output . This allows for the outside wheel to turn faster than the inside wheel , which what happens when you turn or carve . The CARVON X is combined with Dual V3 Motors for the REVO 4WD setup .
Drop-Down Deck with Carbon Fiber Layer
CARVON Deck
The CARVON deck will be a drop-down for that low-to-the-ground riding feel . It will have carbon fiber layers on the routed bottom to maintain stiffness along the electronics part of the deck . This will ensure that the electrical connections remain solid and does not break off from bending and flexing of the deck . Despite the stiffness around the electronics area , the whole deck will still be comfortable to ride . This simple approach will help us finish the deck faster so that we can deliver them to you ASAP !
EVO 2WD -- The Longboarder 's Electric Board
CARVON EVO
EVO Wheel 's Off
EVO with V3 Dual Direct Drive Motors
Introducing CARVON EVO with Dual V3 motors , a drop-down deck and full-urethane wheels for an unparalleled riding experience . The V3 motors can rocket the board and its rider past 30 mph . By having no belts , the V3 has almost no drag and can coast really , really far -- just like hub motors . The full-urethane wheels means you can rotate all four wheels , just like car tires , for an even wear . It also means that the EVO looks super-stealthy and can easily be mistaken as a regular longboard .
This is the Electric Longboard that feels and rides closest to a regular , non-powered Longboard . It is the `` natural '' EVOlution of the Electric Skateboard/Longboard . If you like E-boards , but feel they are too mechanized and does not ride smoothly , this is the one for you . If you like bombing hills but live on flat terrain , this is the one for you . If you like coasting but do not like thin-urethane wheels , this is the one for you .
EVO Tech Specs :
Dual Direct Drive ( Non Hub ) Dual V3 Motors with 2000W combined power
90mm Full-urethane and High-rebound wheels
30+ mph Top Speed and up to 15 % Hill Climb ability
Up to 14 miles range
EVO 2WD Test
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
REVO 4WD -- All-in-one board , really !
CARVON REVO 4WD
REVO 4WD with Dual V3 and X Motors
If the EVO is evolutionary , the REVO 4WD is the true REVOlution . It combines the CARVON V3 Motors up front , with the CARVON X Motor in the rear . This setup provides both added torque and higher top speed . It gives the boost on startup and the needed push on uphill climbs because of the geared-down X Motor , but it does not lock the wheels in that gear ratio . Because of the one-way bearings , the rear wheels are able to rotate faster than the X Motor as they eventually get power from the V3 Motors only on higher speeds . The concept is similar to Part-Time 4WD cars that run 2WD on the highways . This is a gearbox on wheels .
The deck is the same with the EVO , and all four wheels can also be rotated . This setup comes with both 97mm urethane and 7 '' pneumatic wheels . With REVO 4WD , we have meshed the best features of both Geared and Direct Drives for a truly innovative and game-changing Electric Longboard . This is the board every E-board enthusiast should have .
REVO 4WD Tech Specs :
Dual Direct Drive ( Non Hub ) Dual V3 and CARVON X Motors with 3000W combined power
97mm Full and High-rebound Urethane and 7 '' Pneumatic Wheels
Up to 35 mph Top Speed and 25 % Hill Climb ability
Up to 20 miles range
REVO 4WD Easy Wheel Swap
REVO 4WD with Pneumatic Wheels
REVO 4WD ready for off-road
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
CARVON Remote Control
CARVON Unique Remote Control
Remote with Slide Puck
Introducing an Electric Longboard remote control that can be used with slide pucks . The CARVON remote control is placed on the back of the palm and secured with straps to allow non-grip operation and the ability to use slide pucks . This opens up a new dimension in riding E-boards ! We will also provide a traditional small thumb-throttle remote control for those that would like a more familiar feel and are not really into sliding . Check out the following video on how easy and natural to use them .
Special Thanks to the following :
Sadio Mane confident Liverpool can `` beat anyone in the Premier League ''
Sadio Mane will be on the Liverpool plane flying out of Moscow on Monday
Sadio Mane is confident Liverpool can `` beat anyone in the Premier League '' and insisted the mood is `` happy '' at the club .
The Senegal striker was handed an enforced rest after their red card at Manchester City earlier this month but they remain confident Liverpool can make their mark at home and abroad this season .
2:59 Watch highlights from Leicester 2-3 Liverpool right here Watch highlights from Leicester 2-3 Liverpool right here
Mane said : `` I 'm confident that we can beat anyone in the Premier League and especially in Europe .
`` It is too early to say that we can win the Champions League for the sixth time but we are here to do our best and win trophies for the club .
`` And we still believe we have a good defence . The whole team have to take responsibility because if we score more goals than the opposition we win the game . We do n't have a problem in defence .
Mane insists Liverpool 's fitness means they will never run out of steam under Jurgen Klopp
`` We have great quality in the team , great players . It is a joy to play alongside all of them .
`` It is a very happy club . We are all trying to do our best for the club . Will we run out of steam before the season ends ? No , I do n't think we will .
`` Everyone is more than happy to put the effort in . We are a fit and healthy group so seeing out the season at our pace should not be a problem for us . ''
By Raffi Berg
BBC News
Auschwitz 's Facebook page follows the launch of its channel on YouTube The Polish authorities in charge of Auschwitz have launched an official site for the former Nazi death camp on the social networking website Facebook . A spokesperson said the move was aimed at reaching the younger generation and educating them about the Holocaust . It follows the launch by Auschwitz - now a state museum - of a YouTube channel earlier this year . More than a million people - 90 % of them Jews - were murdered by the Nazis at Auschwitz during World War II . `` We 're always trying for new ways of reaching people , and in today 's world one of the most popular tools is the internet , and on the internet millions of people use Facebook , '' said Auschwitz Museum official Pawel Sawicki . More than a million people have visited Auschwitz so far this year , the majority of them young people . Have Your Say We must raise awareness through whatever means possible Stephen McCann , Glasgow , UK `` If our mission is to educate the younger generation to be responsible in the contemporary world , what better tool can we use to reach them than the tools they use themselves ? '' said Mr Sawicki . The Facebook page contains news and information about the museum , links to its YouTube channel and official website , and a discussion board . The first topic is about whether Auschwitz should have a presence on Facebook . `` The Facebook page will provide a place for discussion which is not available on the official website , '' said Mr Sawicki . `` We want it to be a place of discourse but of course we wo n't let anyone do anything that may abuse the memory of the victims and this place . `` So far , it 's just an experiment . We 'll see how people react , '' they said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There have been plenty of reports of death while peeing , but few have confirmed that the pee-to-rail contact was the actual cause of death , rather than electrocution for touching a 600-plus-volt line . A 1967 news story suggests it happened , but the coroners do n't sound certain of the cause of death . `` In all probability , they were dead from electrocution before the train ever hit their body , '' reads the autopsy . More likely , the rail caused a jolt through their fingers and penis , causing them to fall on the rail .
In fact , most of the tales of death by pee carefully word the incident so that either the urine stream or contact with the actual rail could have killed the man . A 1977 court case reads : `` At this point , they apparently proceeded into the CTA 's [ Chicago Transit Authority ] right-of-way in order to urinate . In the process of doing so , they came into contact with the third rail , and suffered fatal injuries . '' That final clause suggests that more than their pee touched the rail . The Daily Mail reported a Polish man died in Britain while whizzing . Authorities , however , found them slumped over the rail , questioning the actual cause of death . An ex-Marine died in Chicago after `` climbing on electrified train tracks to urinate , '' reported the Daily Mail in 2012 . But , that definitively said they fell on the rail .
Once , however , a medical examiner cited the phenomenon as a cause of death in a 1991 Chicago incident , suggesting it can happen . While it is possible , a 2009 Mythbusters found it would be incredibly unlikely in practice . When people pee , it often dribbles , as pictured in the GIF from the show at right . To conduct electricity , one would have to reach a League of Their Own stream levels . Certainly , drunken people have very full bladders . But , it would take zero wavering and a hefty go at it . That same MythBusters program says the act has not once led to someone 's death in the New York City subway , but that was back in 2009 .
In any case , for safety 's sake , we 'd suggest not peeing on the third rail ever because : Why risk it ? Also , peeing in public makes the subway smell worse than it already does .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
PittGirl : Michael Vick Signing is More of the Same from Steelers
They say the past decade has been a rude awakening into what `` The Steeler Way '' now means .
by Virginia Montanez
In my screeching , frantic anonymous days , I would start a blog post about the latest ridiculous Steelers controversy with something like , “ OMG . MY FACE IS MELTING OFF , THE WORLD IS ENDING AND I WANT MY MOMMY . ”
That 's not going to happen here .
No , while your Facebook feed and Twitter stream right now might look like any number of fiery catastrophic events described in the last book of the Bible , you and I are going to sit here and stay calm and take a look at a very divisive issue like actual adult human beings .
Tuesday , the Pittsburgh Steelers signed Michael Vick to a one-year contract in light of backup quarterback Bruce Gradkowski 's preseason injury .
Michael Vick . I do n't even need to explain to you who they are or what they did , right ? Their dog-fighting ring ? The torture and painful deaths some of those dogs experienced , some personally at their hands ? You already know . You 've seen the pictures . They went to prison for their actions . The end .
KIDDING .
Of course it 's not the end . The Steelers gave their story a sequel Tuesday , and that 's when many fans stopped bleeding black-and-gold and started pooping it in the general direction of an oscillating fan .
I would mine for you the most ridiculous of fan comments from both sides of the issue , but reading comments on the Internet is like choosing to drive the Parkway East at rush hour even when you know the back way . Why CHOOSE to suffer , you sick masochists ?
Here 's the issue in Pittsburgh . The rich history and winning ways of the Pittsburgh Steelers in a blue-collar , hard-working town have fostered a sports-mad culture that looks at the team as a sort of unifying , familial body of heroes who bring us together each Sunday when we step away from work to stand shoulder to shoulder with both kin and strangers forgetting differences and arguments and Monday-to-Friday troubles .
When Pittsburgh was a steel town then hit the bottom before rising out of the depths of the steel industry collapse , the Steelers were a constant in a world of uncertainty .
Here was a thing we could cling to with pride .
The Steeler Way became a Thing .
We are better than Them .
The past decade has been a rude awakening . We are not better than Them . We are just like Them . We have a drug offender on offense and an accused woman-beater on defense .
We have a team chairperson that said to the media after James Harrison was selected to stay with the team after a domestic altercation with their girlfriend , “ What Jimmy Harrison was doing and how the incident occurred , what they were trying to do was really well worth it . They were doing something that was good , wanted to take their son to get baptized where they lived and things like that . They said they did n't want to do it . ”
While you might not want to admit it , this next sentence is a Truth . Capital T .
First and foremost , above all else , the Steelers are a business ; money and winning come first .
This is true of every team in the NFL and the NFL itself . If you do n't believe me , explain why the NFL punished Ray Rice for only two games until fans got angry . Explain why the Steelers kept James Harrison but fired Cedrick Wilson for their domestic-violence altercation . Explain why the Steelers would sign Michael Vick . Explain why they hired a supervillain the season after the superhero retired .
Because of winning . And winning means money . And as a business , money comes first .
So if you 're livid and claiming you 'll never watch another game , fine . It was the culture of misogyny in the NFL that did me in , but if dog abuse is your issue , so be it . You do n't have to support this business with your dollars . This absolutely can be the final straw in your support of a brain-damaging , greedy , woman-marginalizing league . This can be the thing that you simply can not support . But remember that for some , they do n't care if a business employs previous offenders so long as the final product works and is worth their money .
If you 're totally cool with the signing , or if you 're mad about it but ca n't bring yourself to stop being a fan , that 's fine , too . Putting away a lifelong fandom is hard , unless you feel wronged deep down in your core … then it 's easy . Do n't let those who are livid make you feel guilty for supporting this business . They are one imperfect man on a team of imperfect men who are working to make a living and to make money for their employer . They are one backup . By all accounts , they now work to end dog fighting .
If you 're mad but ca n't bring yourself to stop being a fan , and you feel guilty about it , that 's fine as well . Steelers football is more than football alone . I explained why . It 's our culture . It 's you sitting with your dad once a week , yelling things about miserable refs and boneheaded offensive coordinators . It 's the potluck and the towel-waving . It 's the high-fives and the camaraderie . It 's OK that you do n't want to put that aside . It 's OK if you value that tradition so much you do n't want to walk away .
Everyone must decide for themselves what this decision means for their support of this business , and we must not judge those who find themselves on the opposite side of the issue .
For better or for worse , Michael Vick now is a Steeler , and you can absolutely deal with that like an adult . Weigh it in regard to your personal belief system and then make a decision and then no matter what your decision is , know that it 's just fine .
Unless your decision is to become a Browns fan .
God help you then .
