They might not be willing to admit , but you have to just know that the proprietors of the Klein Food Mart on Louetta Road just loved it when they would see Pat Janowski pull up in the strip mall parking lot . Like them , you might even not be above giving them some goodies on the house , at least if this report is to be believed .
Police and Cape Software , the Spring woman 's former employer , are now saying that the 61-year-old former bookkeeper and secretary , whose net take-home was reported at $ 3,800 a month , swiped $ 1.5 million from the Montgomery County company 's coffers and shoveled much of it into the slots of video poker machines at Klein Food Mart .
`` Family members have said they would stop there on their way home from work and stay there until it closed , '' said Brad Beers , an attorney representing Cape Software , Janowski 's erstwhile employer in The Woodlands . `` They ( store employees ) would give them cigarettes . They were just there constantly . ''
Reddit Email WhatsApp 138K Shares
Cancer industry is making revenue of more than one hundred billion dollars a year but it is still unclear why the actual cure is nonexistent . Many people are trying to find the cure for cancer , yet until this date it is unknown . Yet the name of Dr. Raymond Rife is quite familiar within the industry .
Dr. Raymond Rife was born in 1888 and they contributed a lot to technology in the area of optics , electronics , radiochemistry , biochemistry , ballistics and aviation .
In 1922 they started the research in cancer . In 1932 they managed to isolate a cancer microorganism known as VX Virus . A year after they designed the Universal Microscope that could magnify an object 60,000x their normal size . They used light frequency resonance to destroy organisms using a natural frequency without destroying adjacent tissue . They named this process Mortal Oscillatory Rate .
Within two months in 1934 they were able to cure 14 out of 16 terminally ill cancer patients , while the other two were cured after subsequent six weeks . Despite their 100 % cure rate , they were deprived of any acknowledgment for their accomplishment .
In 1934 Dr. Milbank Johnson who was to declare the results of Rife 's cancer therapy was lethally poisoned and their documents vanished . Rife 's laboratories were set on fire and ruined . Dr.Nemes who had replicated a part of Rife 's work died in a inexplicable fire along with the destruction of all their research papers . Royal Rife was murdered by fatal combination of Valium and alcohol in 1971 at the Grossmont Hospital .
In the 1980s author Barry Lynes published a book The cancer cure that worked thus renewing the interest in the work of Rife . The author claimed that Rife 's beam ray device could cure cancer , but American Medical Association withheld it . The American Cancer Society stated that the claims were improbable and a product of a typical theory of conspiracy . They also stated that idea behind the marketing of Rife machines was that conspiracy against the cure for cancer was sabotaging it . What remains unanswered is the reason why Rife machines were mocked and withheld by the medical industry .
Neural Networks and The Future of 3D Procedural Content Generation
Sam Snider-Held Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 26 , 2017
Light field landscape generated with the help of style transfer
As a Creative Technologist at MediaMonks , a global production agency , people are always asking me about ML , AI , Neural Networks , etc . What are they ? What can they do ? How can we use them ?
This post represents the first in a series I will be writing exploring the space where AI , Creativity , and 3D content meet .
The way I see it , AI will be the greatest creative tool humankind has ever created . Current visions of AI include millions of unemployed workers or even an apocalypse . But what if our future involves intertwining our creative processes with artificial intelligence instead of being replaced by it ?
To begin looking into this future , I started with a simple problem : How do I use neural networks to help procedurally create 3D landscapes ? For instance imagine standing in a virtual space and saying “ Computer , make this space look like a Studio Ghibli landscape . ”
Landscape from Howl 's Moving Castle
How would we go about doing something like that ? Since I 'm relatively new to machine learning , my first intuition was to use style transfer .
Style transfer uses the trained filters of a deep convolutional neural network to optimize style and content loss between two input images , the content image ( your selfie ) and a style image ( a Van Gogh painting ) .
I know that sounds super technical so let 's put it this way . Deep convolutional neural networks have recently become really successful at classifying images . You give it a picture , say for instance a picture of a dog , and the neural network can tell that it 's a dog .
The ability of a machine to understand what 's in an image is immensely powerful because it means that it can understand all the details that make up that image . It understands that a dog has droopy ears and a pointy face whereas a cat has pointy ears and flat face . To put it simply , what a style transfer network does is take the details between two images and combine them .
So how do we use this for 3D content generation ? A common problem in 3D procedural content generation is terrain generation . Many games combine various forms of noise to create mountains , hills , and plains in the form of a grayscale height map . Something like this :
Height map generated by noise .
These height maps are then used to displace vertices in a plane , thereby creating hills , valleys , and mountains . These look pretty nice when rendered in 3D , but they do n't hold a candle to the real thing .
Height map taken from actual elevation data of the earth .
Even though we can generate nice looking and complex terrain with plain old mathematics , it 's still really hard to simulate all of the processes that create real terrain , such as plate tectonics and erosion .
But this is where neural networks come in . With the power of style transfer , we do n't have to . We just have to create the general shapes we want , and then the neural network will add all the realistic looking details .
So going back to the Ghibli use case , I had to find real world elevation data that looked like terrain in the image . To me it looked like somewhere in the Alps . By doing a Google image search for “ Alps ” I came across this image :
Which turned out to be Val Gardena , a valley in the Italian Dolomites . Knowing that , I went over to terrain.party , a website where you can download elevation data from the Earth . I searched Val Gardena and was able to download this height map :
Perhaps in the future you could automate this whole process , but for now manually searching on the web was fine .
Now it was time to start building everything . Using Unity , I wrote noise shader that would allow me to tweak the noise generation in realtime . After a lot of experimentation , I discovered that the best results occur when the generated noise has some similarities with the desired output :
Procedural noise on the left , real terrain data on the left .
Finally it was time to use style transfer . After lots of Googling and Youtube , I settled on using this implementation from this video from Siraj Raval 's Youtube channel . If you 're trying to learn machine learning , I ca n't recommend their channel enough ! He 's killing it !
Here 's what the style transfer output looks like :
Style transfer output on the left , real terrain on the right . Both are planes whose vertices are being displaced by the height map texture .
Pretty cool right ? There are probably hundreds of things you could do to optimize this , but for me it was good enough . Now it was time to drop a virtual camera into the generated terrain , and use the original Ghibli image as the style image and the camera render as the content image . Just like with the noise , I decided that it would be better if the content image had similarities with the style image . I therefore imported the height map in Blender in order to do some very simple texture painting .
The height map in blender . Full height map terrain on left , and zoomed in height map terrain on right .
I picked a camera position and angle that resembled the Ghibli image :
A simple Blender render .
And after that I did some very simple texture painting , gave it a sky color , and added a simple particles system for the flowers .
An obviously very quick and dirty render .
And this is where it get 's cool . It was time to run the simple Blender render through style transfer and see what came out . After spending lots of time tweaking the hyper parameters I got this :
The final output of the whole process .
And here 's a final comparison with the input image :
Obviously nowhere near as good as the original masters at Studio Ghibli , but not bad for a mindless machine either .
But where to go from here ? Ideally you 'd want to do this whole process in real time , but with even with a GPU enabled neural network on my VR PC , the style transfer process takes around 4 minutes . Obviously this is nowhere near fast enough for real time 3D graphics . You could try using fast style transfer which can output an image in under a second , but I did n't like the artifacts it created in my images . So how could we take this still image , and make something that was 3D and rendered in real time ?
The answer was light fields !
Light fields were demonstrated way back in 1996 ! But they have been seeing more popularity with the rise of VR , and have been popularized by companies like OTOY . A light field is just a fancy term for an array of images taken by an array of cameras . They look like this :
The array captures every ray of light within a given volume , thereby being to be able to synthesize new camera angles . See the original video here . These are great for realtime graphics because you can pre render everything . This way you get the freedom of real time graphics , but with image quality of pre rendered scenes .
Now was time to create my own style transfer light field and light field renderer . I basically reimplemented Andrew Lowndes ' WebGl light field renderer in Unity .
By doing some blender scripting in python , I was able to output a 8x8 grid of images which were separately sent through the style transfer network . They were then stitched together into a single image in Unity . Here is the generated style transfer light field :
Downsized because the original is 8192 × 8192 !
and here is a video of the light field renderer in action !
As you can see , by fully pre rendering multiple camera views , we can create a light field renderer that offers many things a traditional rendering system . But it also allows us to use generative neural networks to create 3D content now !
But the title of this post is “ Neural Networks and The Future of 3D Procedural Content Generation. ” Is this really how procedural content will be created in the future ? In this exact way ? Probably not . There are lots of optimizations to be done , and perhaps other generative algorithms such as GANN 's would be better for this type of task .
What this post demonstrates is the idea that neural network could radically change how we generate 3D content . I went with light fields because currently my GPU is not fast enough to style transfer or any other generative network at 60 FPS . But if we do get to that point , it 's entirely possible see generative neural networks become an alternative rendering pipeline to the standard rasterization approach . In this way , neural networks could generate each frame of a game in real time , based on realtime feedback from the user .
But it also potentially allows for a much more powerful creative approach , for the creator and the end user . Imagine playing Gears of War , but then telling the computer “ Keep the gameplay , story , and 3d models , but make it look like Zelda : Breath of the Wild. ” This is how creating or playing a future gaming experience could be , all because computers now know what things “ look like ” and can make other things “ look like ” them too .
Like I said earlier , the ability of computers to understand an image , while maybe not as impressive as Samantha from Them or HAL from 2001 , is still an incredibly powerful thing . It 's a recent innovation and there are still so many possibilities to discover !
HBO plans to launch a streaming service that is not tied to a cable television subscription next year , the company announced today .
`` It is time to remove all barriers to those who want HBO , '' said Richard Plepler , CEO of HBO , today during a conference at Time Warner Investor Day . Time Warner is the parent company of HBO .
`` We will go beyond the wall and launch a stand-alone over-the-top service with the potential to produce a hundred [ sic ] of millions of dollars in revenue , '' Plepler continued . `` This will be transformative for our company . '' Plepler gave few further details , but said that HBO will `` work with our current partners and we will explore models with new partners '' to launch the new service . Earlier this year , HBO teamed up with Amazon to offer many of its older TV shows on Amazon Instant Video . And the network already offers a cable-free streaming service called HBO Nordic in Denmark , Finland , Norway and Sweden with 380,000 subscribers as of July , reports Bloomberg .
HBO launched its existing streaming service , HBO Go , in February 2010 . HBO Go is available on computers , smartphones , tablets , game consoles and other connected devices , but access to it requires authentication with login information from a pay-TV customer who already subscribes to HBO . During their talk , Plepler noted that about 10 million households in the U.S. only pay for broadband internet and not cable TV . It 's possible that many of them would like to pay for HBO by itself , rather than having to subscribe to cable ( or mooch off someone else who does ) .
`` That is a large and growing opportunity that should no longer be left untapped , '' said Plepler . `` All in , there are 80 million homes that do not have HBO and we will use all means at our disposal to go after them . ''
Streaming video services such as Netflix and Amazon Instant Video have built up massive subscriber bases in recent years with plans that cost less than $ 10 a month . HBO could follow a model similar to World Wrestling Entertainment , which launched the WWE Network earlier this year . For $ 9.99 per month , the WWE Network gives subscribers on-demand access to thousands of hours of archive programming and all monthly pay-per-view events .
We 've reached out to HBO for comment , and will update this article with any information we receive .
Update : An HBO representative told Polygon the company has no further comment on Plepler 's announcement . Asked about details regarding the release window for HBO Go apps on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One , the rep said there are no updates at this time beyond the previously announced date of `` 2014 . ''
Advertising
Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad , who courted controversy after thrashing an Air India employee last month , expressed regret in a letter to Civil Aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Thursday urging them to lift the flight ban . The letter sent to Raju read : “ It could have been no one 's intention to have let the situation aggravate to the level that it eventually did . While the on-going investigation will bring out the factual sequence of events to fix , this incident may kindly not be seen as a reason for likely recurrence of such an event in future also . I would request you to lift this restriction and let the investigation eventually determine the circumstances which led to the incident . ”
The letter , as per PTI quoting official sources , followed a meeting in the Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan 's chamber in Parliament where Shiv Sena MPs were clearly told that if Gaikwad tendered an apology statement saying they would not engage in any such incident in future , there 's a possibility that the government could intervene and have the ban revoked .
This development comes hours after Air India , as per reports in news agency ANI , decided to lift the travel ban on the MP only if they tender an apology . Meanwhile , as per ANI , a meeting between Minister of State for Aviation Jayant Sinha and Air India CMD is underway at Airlines House . Earlier today , Civil Aviation Minister Raju was gheraoed by Shiv Sena MPs after Lok Sabha was briefly adjourned after they refused to lift the ban against Gaikwad .
READ : MPs ca n't fulfil duties if there is ban on flying : Sumitra Mahajan
Advertising
Union Minister Rajnath Singh and SS Ahluwalia had to shield them from the MPs and later escorted them to their chamber . Rajnath Singh termed the Gaikwad incident as ‘ unfortunate ' , adding that the Aviation minister will speak with all the stakeholders and resolve the matter amicably . Gaikwad , speaking in the Lok Sabha , had said they were being subject to a media trial . “ What sin have I committed . What crime have I done that without probe I am being subjected to a media trial ? ”
Apparently , this is a major victory of the patent system . This , this right here , this is what the patent system has come to . This is the destructive effect it 's having on this once beautiful industry . Thanks to trolls like Apple and Microsoft , basic , elemental functionality is being removed from devices people already own .
Let me just reiterate this for a second to make sure it really sinks in . Over the past several months , many people have bought a Galaxy Nexus . It 's a very compelling device , and certainly worthy of the Nexus flagship moniker . It was the first device to ship with Ice Cream Sandwich , a major improvement over Gingerbread , and came packed with functionality .
Then Apple 's lawyers get their hands on the device . They examine every little bit of software on the device . What can we use in our patent trolling campaign against Google ? Is there anything in there we can sue over ? We have a gazillion patents – sure , all on trivial bullshit , but heck , the judges have to assume they 're valid because the USPTO has granted the patent , so triviality is of no concern . Look at this , this search widget searches multiple sources . Completely obvious and logical , but you know what , we have a patent on that . Bingo !
The judge has to assume Apple 's patent is valid – the USPTO is a respectable , thorough , and careful organisation , right ? Right… ? – and so , grants a preliminary injunction . The Galaxy Nexus has to be taken off the shelves entirely because this one tiny bit of functionality infringes on some obscure nonsensical software patent . I mean , we also execute thieves for stealing a loaf of bread , right ? Eye for an eye is so 6000 BC .
Google and Samsung have to respond to ensure minimal interruption to device sales . So , they do the only thing they can do : they prepare a software patch that removes the ability to search multiple sources from the search widget . In other words , the widget now only searches the web , and not on the devices itself . They then proceed to send this patch out to all Galaxy Nexus devices in the United States , regardless of carrier .
The device you bought will see its functionality reduced , post-sale .
It 's basically Tim Cook shoving their hand through the internet , slapping you on the wrist , taking away functionality from a device you own , and then flipping you off , all because some mindless 9-to-5 office drone at the United States Patent and Trademark Office with 2.3 kids , dog , cat , and a wife who works at WalMart , granted a stupid mindless software patent on an utterly trivial nugget of functionality .
This is the reality we live in today . This once so exciting , mysterious and groundbreaking industry has gone mainstream , and with that , the lawyers and trolls have taken over . It is now entirely impossible for any developer to write any line of code without infringing on someone else 's patents . The incumbents own most of them , so if you dare to compete , you 're boned .
Happy independence day , American Galaxy Nexus “ owners ” .
Concussions end playing career of UH 's Ra'Shaad Samples
Wide receiver Ra'Shaad Samples ' playing career at the University of Houston is over , coach Major Applewhite said Wednesday .
Samples sat out last season after suffering two concussions in the spring and preseason camp . In an interview with the Houston Chronicle last October , Samples estimated he 's had `` five or six '' concussions since high school .
A transfer from Oklahoma State , Samples continued to hold out hope that team doctors would clear them to play next season . Samples never played a snap for the Cougars .
`` Ra'Shaad is not going to play next year , '' Applewhite said . `` That 's just what 's best for them health-wise , and what 's best for them down the line to have a quality of life . ''
Samples is currently in UH 's Bauer College of Business and will remain on scholarship .
`` We honor that as a program , '' Applewhite said . `` He 's focusing on getting a degree . Whether they want to be a part of the team in a coaching role or not is up to him . ''
Huge excitement last week . Two Earth-size planetsfound orbiting a sun-like star less than a thousand light-years away . This comes two weeks after the stunning announcement of another planet orbiting another star at precisely the right distance — within the “ habitable zone ” that is not too hot and not too cold — to allow for liquid water and therefore possible life .
Unfortunately , the planets of the right size are too close to their sun , and thus too scorching hot , to permit Earth-like life . And the Goldilocks planet in the habitable zone is too large . At 2.4 times the size of Earth , it is probably gaseous , like Jupiter . No earthlings there . But it 's only a matter of time — perhaps a year or two , estimates one astronomer — before we find the right one of the right size in the right place .
And at just the right time . As the romance of manned space exploration has waned , the drive today is to find our living , thinking counterparts in the universe . For all the excitement , however , the search betrays a profound melancholy — a lonely species in a merciless universe anxiously awaits an answering voice amid utter silence .
That silence is maddening . Not just because it compounds our feeling of cosmic isolation , but because it makes no sense . As we inevitably find more and more exo-planets where intelligent life can exist , why have we found no evidence — no signals , no radio waves — that intelligent life does exist ?
It 's called the Fermi Paradox , after the great physicist who once asked , “ Where is everybody ? ” Or as was once elaborated : “ All our logic , all our anti- isocentrism , assures us that we are not unique — that they must be there . And yet we do not see them . ”
How many of them should there be ? The Drake Equation ( 1961 ) tries to quantify the number of advanced civilizations in just our own galaxy . To simplify slightly , it 's the number of stars in the galaxy . . .
multiplied by the fraction that form planets . . .
multiplied by the average number of planets in the habitable zone . . .
multiplied by the fraction of these that give birth to life . . .
multiplied by the fraction of these that develop intelligence . . .
multiplied by the fraction of these that produce interstellar communications . . .
multiplied by the fraction of the planet 's lifetime during which such civilizations survive .
Modern satellite data , applied to the Drake Equation , suggest that the number should be very high . So why the silence ? Carl Sagan ( among others ) thought that the answer is to be found , tragically , in the final variable : the high probability that advanced civilizations destroy themselves .
In other words , this silent universe is conveying not a flattering lesson about our uniqueness but a tragic story about our destiny . It is telling us that intelligence may be the most cursed faculty in the entire universe — an endowment not just ultimately fatal but , on the scale of cosmic time , nearly instantly so .
This is not mere theory . Look around . On the very day that astronomers rejoiced at the discovery of the two Earth-size planets , the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity urged two leading scientific journals not to publish details of lab experiments that had created a lethal and highly transmittable form of bird flu virus , lest that fateful knowledge fall into the wrong hands .
Wrong hands , human hands . This is not just the age of holy terror but also the threshold of an age of hyper-proliferation . Nuclear weapons in the hands of half-mad tyrants ( North Korea ) and radical apocalypticists ( Iran ) are only the beginning . Lethal biologic agents may soon find their way into the hands of those for whom genocidal pandemics loosed upon infidels are the royal road to redemption .
And forget the psychopaths : Why , a mere 17 years after Homo sapiens — born 200,000 years ago — discovered atomic power , those most stable and sober states , America and the Soviet Union , came within inches of mutual annihilation .
Rather than despair , however , let 's put the most hopeful face on the cosmic silence and on humanity 's own short , already baleful history with its new Promethean powers : Intelligence is a capacity so godlike , so protean that it must be contained and disciplined . This is the work of politics — understood as the ordering of society and the regulation of power to permit human flourishing while simultaneously restraining the most Hobbesian human instincts .
There could be no greater irony : For all the sublimity of art , physics , music , mathematics and other manifestations of human genius , everything depends on the mundane , frustrating , often debased vocation known as politics ( and its most exacting subspecialty — statecraft ) . Because if we do n't get politics right , everything else risks extinction .
We grow justly weary of our politics . But we must remember this : Politics — in all its grubby , grasping , corrupt , contemptible manifestations — is sovereign in human affairs . Everything ultimately rests upon it .
Fairly or not , politics is the driver of history . It will determine whether we will live long enough to be heard one day . Out there . By them , the few — the only — who got it right .
letters @ charleskrauthammer.com
Now blundering Berlusconi is filmed telling lewd joke about 'doing secretary on the table '
Defiant : PM Silvio Berlusconi continues to make jokes despite the allegations against them
Silvio Berlusconi , currently on trial over underage sex allegations , has been filmed making a crude joke about their secretary .
The Italian premier , 74 , who is facing a charge of paying a 17-year-old for sex , cracked the lewd joke while being interviewed – before asking the crew not to report it .
The billionaire tycoon was asked to recall the best manager to lead AC Milan , the Italian football club they are president of .
They said : ‘ Look I am getting old . This morning I was chasing my secretary to do them on the table and they said : “ Prime Minister we only did it two hours ago. ” So you see my memory is going . '
Berlusconi is then heard saying : ‘ If you lot broadcast that then you are all a bunch of * * * * * . '
Footage of their latest gaffe was screened on Italian TV show Annozero .
It revealed how the film had actually been shot earlier this month but not screened after journalists present agreed not to report it . The DVD had since been sent in to the programme anonymously .
Host Michele Santoro said : ‘ How can it be that those journalists present decided not to broadcast the footage ? How can we go forward ? Why did they not screen it ? '
The show has often been critical of Berlusconi in the past , even prompting the prime minister to call in to attack the programme 's host .
It was not immediately clear yesterday who the reporters in the film were or who they worked for , although it was believed they were from sports shows on channels the media tycoon premier owns .
Berlusconi supporters hold party flags and blue balloons outside the Milan court house where they stood trial on tax fraud charges earlier this month
Berlusconi is on trial for allegedly giving Moroccan belly dancer Karima El Mahroug cash and jewellery in return for sex when they were just 17 and a guest at their infamous parties .
They are also accused of abuse of office for using their position to secure Miss El Mahroug 's release from police custody after they were arrested for stealing 3,000 euro .
The trial opened earlier this month and was adjourned until the end of May .
Jayne Schadeck was driving with their five-year-old son on the outskirts of Drayton Valley when they were offended by sign with a picture of Alberta Premier Rachel Notley and the words `` I do n't have a F @ # % ! @ Clue . ''
Schadeck 's son is learning to read and they did n't want to have to explain the sign to him , they said . They complained to the town office .
`` If this is the level of political discourse , we 've got a very large problem , '' Schadeck said Tuesday . `` This is the sort of thing you say drinking beer with your buddies . It does n't belong on a sign on a busy street where children can see it and you 're representing the entire community . ''
​Schadeck 's complaint marks the second time in just over a month that an image of Notley used in a political context has drawn ire from the public .
In June , the organizer of a golf tournament in Brooks placed a picture of Notley on the course as a target . Schadeck says the Drayton Valley sign stems from similar frustrations and is not the way for displeased voters to deal with their feelings .
`` I do n't see this is as free speech , '' they said . `` I see this as acting as a spoiled 12-year-old that did n't get their way . You 're going to pout and do it publicly . If you have legitimate criticism , go about it in an appropriate way in an appropriate forum . ''
`` Most people think it 's great . They just say , 'Good on ya . ' '' - Tim Sekura
Farmer Tim Sekura had the sign made at a printing shop , and said they put it up in December to voice their displeasure with the current Alberta government .
`` Just to show the frustration with the NDP government and their ( Rachel Notley ) , '' Sekura said . `` They do n't have a clue as far as running a business and the province is a very big business . They think that there 's no end to the money . They just tax more and spend more . ''
They said the sign has nothing to do with Notley being a woman , and that television shows worse things than a censored swear word . This is the first time he 's heard any negative feedback about the sign since they put it up , they said .
`` Most people think it 's great . They just say , 'Good on ya . ' ''
Sekura said other signs around Drayton Valley are voicing similar frustrations . But they said theirs is the only one with the premier 's face displayed . They said it 's a way to express unhappiness with the government .
`` They do n't seem to get it when thousands of people protest at the legislature against the carbon tax and Bill 6 . I do n't know what 's the proper way to get their attention . ''
Drayton Valley does n't plan any action
Sekura said they were planning to move the sign but has n't considered taking it down .
Schadeck wants it taken down immediately .
But a spokesperson for the town of Drayton Valley said the sign is on private property , does n't break any community standards bylaws and there 's only been one complaint . They will not be taking any action .
Travis.mcewan @ cbc.ca
@ Travismcewancbc
Well , this is new . Today , Google quietly announced a new version of Android in a small blog post . The new version , Android 5.1 , is still called Lollipop , but it will come with a few new features including Device Protection , and HD voice , where your device supports it .
Android 5.1 will also support multiple SIMs on devices that contain multiple SIM slots ( presumably carriers and manufacturers have had to add this support where applicable on top of Android until now ) .
Advertisement
Device Protection will allow a user to remotely lock their device if it gets lost or stolen . This will prevent your phone from being used until you log in with your Google account . This protection even remains in place if the person who takes your phone performs a factory reset . These are just a few of the new features that will come in Android 5.1 , though Google has n't released a full changelog . The update is rolling out to certain Nexus devices today , though presumably it will still take a few weeks or months to get to most other devices .
Android 5.1 : Unwrapping a new Lollipop update | Official Android Blog
A Canadian wireless provider is making a name for itself with a mix-and-match approach that charges cellphone customers only for what they use , but there 's a catch for Canadians hoping for a deal — the company based in Toronto is n't able to operate in this country .
Ting does n't have contracts and uses a month-to-month system that is winning over smartphone users in the U.S. , CBC 's Aaron Saltzman reports .
Customers `` save significantly , '' says company CEO Elliot Noss . `` Think in the 50 , 60 , 70 per cent range on their cellphone bill . ''
The company does n't have its own cell network . Instead , it buys network access from other companies at a wholesale price and then sells that access to people who sign up with the company .
In the U.S. , Ting buys access to Sprint 's mobile network . Canadian providers Bell , Rogers and Telus have declined to participate , the company says .
`` We would love to be in Canada , '' said Ting CEO Elliott Noss . `` Nobody will — at least at this juncture — sell us network . ''
In the U.S. , Ting buys access to Sprint 's mobile network . Ting does n't have access to Canadian networks yet , but the company says it would like to operate here . ( Matt Sayles/Associated Press )
The lack of access to the big three networks limits competition in the wireless industry , says Steve Anderson of Open Media .
`` The big three cellphone companies control access to the digital roads that independent service providers require reaching Canadians , '' Anderson said . `` And they 're preventing them from accessing those roads so they can keep prices high and under-invest in customer service . ''
New government rules will force the big three to sell access to a new national carrier , but smaller operators still face barriers and at least one analyst said customers should n't expect changes on cellphone bills any time soon .
`` We 're looking at probably years before you can actually buy services from any new players or see any significant differences in terms of pricing or services availability , '' technology analyst Carmi Levy said .
There have been reports that big U.S. carrier Verizon wants to enter the Canadian wireless market by purchasing small carrier Wind Mobile and was in talks to buy struggling company Mobilicity .
Foreign ownership restrictions for small wireless companies with less than 10 per cent of the wireless market have been loosened , which paves the way for Verizon and other foreign competitors to enter the cellphone market and buy up these players .
But Rogers , Telus and Bell have been complaining that they want a level playing field and should not be prevented from buying up these companies because of the rules . Telus had recently been blocked by the government from acquiring Mobilicity .
On Wednesday , newly appointed Industry Minister James Moore released a statement saying `` protecting consumers and increasing competition in the wireless market '' is a priority for Canadians and the Conservative government .
`` We want all regions of Canada to benefit from competitive market forces , which is why more progress must be made , '' Moore said in a statement . `` We will continue to stay the course by ensuring Canadians benefit from a competitive telecommunications industry . ''
HOOKER TADGH MCELROY has been dropped from the Ireland U20 squad for the Junior World Championship as they close in on a move to English club Saracens .
The Dundalk man was set to fly to Georgia with Peter Malone 's U20 squad yesterday but was informed at the 11th hour that they would not be travelling .
McElroy was Ireland 's first-choice hooker during the Six Nations . Source : James Crombie/INPHO
19-year-old McElroy was named in Ireland 's 28-man squad last week but was removed just before they departed for Georgia , as a move to Saracens would mean that they will no longer be part of the IRFU system next season .
It 's understood that the hooker has also had an option to join Connacht on the table in recent weeks and the IRFU had been keen for them to remain on Irish soil .
With the JWC looming , McElroy was essentially presented with the choice of signing for the Connacht academy and remaining in the Ireland U20 squad or opting for a move to reigning back-to-back European champions Saracens 's academy and being left out .
With a move to Saracens now understood to be set to go through , the English-qualified McElroy has been replaced by Ireland , as the U20s instead include a player who will be in the Irish system next season .
McElroy 's place in the JWC squad has been taken by Ireland U19 hooker Diarmuid Barron , with the Garryowen man now officially added to Ireland 's squad list .
Lansdowne clubman McElroy , who came through the ranks with Dundalk RFC , was a key player for the Ireland U20s during the Six Nations , starting all five games and scoring two tries .
The powerful hooker will miss out on involvement in the JWC , however , with the IRFU continuing to back their system of favouring players who remain in the Irish system .
The same policy applies to Ireland 's senior national team , with Donnacha Ryan the latest man to be ommitted after agreeing a move abroad . The Racing 92-bound lock was not included in Ireland 's squad to tour the US and Japan next month .
McElroy makes a tackle against England in the Six Nations . Source : James Crombie/INPHO
If confirmed , McElroy 's move to Saracens will be followed closely . While there might be some hope of the hooker returning to Ireland in the future , it remains to be seen if their late omission from the JWC deters the Dundalk man from coming back into the Irish system .
McElroy would appear to be the kind of player the IRFU 's new IQ Rugby programme should support while playing abroad , but it seems unlikely that the hooker will be part of that UK-based system after being dropped by the U20s .
A move to Saracens would be exciting for the explosive front row , however , with their academy now supplying notable talent to Mark McCall 's senior team .
The Ireland U20s begin their JWC campaign on Wednesday with a clash against Italy in Kutaisi .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has staked the future of the world 's 11th largest economy on natural resource wealth spreading across the country . Brandy Damm , a welder who lost their job from a locomotive factory in London , Ontario , last year , is n't seeing the benefit .
Damm was one of about 465 unionized workers fired after Caterpillar Inc. 's Electro-Motive Canada unit said it would close its London plant following a labour dispute . Now , many of the jobs in their field are paying far less than the $ 20 to $ 30 per hour common at the factory — some just above Ontario 's $ 10.25 per hour minimum wage .
“ You feel like you are spinning your wheels , ” Damm , 36 , said by telephone from a job center created after the factory closed . “ The time and energy we put into our trade to be good at it is worth something , and I think it 's worth a lot more than eleven dollars an hour . ”
Harper and their cabinet ministers have argued that developing Alberta 's oil sands , part of the world 's third largest oil reserves , will bring economic opportunity across the country . Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver estimates that more than 600 major resource projects may lead to $ 650-billion of investment over the next decade .
“ A strong resource sector in the west means high-quality manufacturing jobs in the east , ” Harper said Jan. 4 at a Ford Motor Co. of Canada Ltd. factory in Oakville , Ontario .
The numbers suggest otherwise . Companies in the mining , quarrying and oil and gas industries have increased payrolls by 11,700 , or 4.4 % over the five years to the end of 2012 , according to Statistics Canada data . Over the same period , manufacturing employment has dropped by 182,900 , or 9.4 % , as factories struggle with the impact of a strong currency and weak global demand .
Factory Firings
Put another way , for every natural resource job that 's been added in Canada since the end of 2007 , more than 15 factory jobs have been lost .
“ It may be easiest to think of the Canadian labour market as two labour markets linked by only partially mobile workers , ” said Paul Beaudry , an economics professor at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver whose research has been sponsored by the Bank of Canada . “ While there has been substantial migration toward the resource-rich areas , many individuals are reluctant to move for either family reasons or because their skills may not match what is needed . ”
Canada 's benchmark Standard & Poor's/TSX Composite Index rose 4 % in 2012 , trailing the performance of markets in every developed nation except Spain and Portugal . Canadian government bonds returned 2.2 % last year , compared with 3.8 % for government bonds of the Group of Seven nations .
Slow Growth
Canada 's economy expanded 0.1 % in October , the first gain in three months , while inflation fell to the slowest in three years at 0.8 % in November . Unemployment has remained near 8 % for almost two years in Ontario , Canada 's most populous province , even as companies such as Calgary 's Imperial Oil Ltd. develop the oil sands . While Canada 's jobless rate fell to a four-year low of 7.1 % in December , unemployment in London averaged 8.6 % over the past three months , Statistics Canada said , compared with Calgary 's 4.6 % and Edmonton , Alberta 's 4.3 % .
Infrastructure Priority
The government has no special policies in place to encourage resource companies to use domestic suppliers . “ Our priority is getting the infrastructure built , ” Oliver spokesperson Chris McCluskey said by telephone . “ Any project that moves forward is a benefit to manufacturers . ”
The oil sands have “ immense value to the future economic prosperity of all Canadians , ” Oliver said in a speech last month . Three months earlier , they talked about visiting an Aecon Group Inc. factory in Cambridge , Ontario , which “ fabricates and assembles piping modules for an oilsands project in Alberta and employs 550 people in well-paying , high-quality skilled jobs . ”
Aecon , a Toronto-based construction company , cited “ increased module assembly , pipe fabrication and site construction work in Western Canada ” for helping to boost profits in the third quarter of last year .
Limited Benefits
Still , Statistics Canada data suggests the benefits of the oil sands to Ontario have been limited . Average hourly wages for Alberta workers in the “ other trades ” category , which includes welders , machinists and electrical workers , are 25 % higher than Ontario ones . As recently as 2005 , Ontario workers were paid more .
Manufacturing jobs have been declining as a share of Canada 's workforce , falling to about 10 % at the end of 2012 from about 15 % in 2000 . Ontario is home to about 45 % of those jobs .
Some have even said the investment in natural resources has made the decline in manufacturing worse . The argument , advanced by Tom Mulcair , leader of Canada 's main opposition New Democratic Party , is that capital inflows to the oil sands have artificially boosted the value of the Canadian dollar . A 58 % rise in the currency over the past 10 years has made Canadian factory goods more expensive abroad , Mulcair says , hobbling an economy that relies on exports for one-third of its output .
Worldwide Decline
Others , including Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney , disagree . In a speech in Alberta last year , Carney said the increase in the currency could n't be tied only to high commodity prices that have spurred investment in resources . As well , they said Canada 's “ decline in manufacturing is only partially in response to the rising exchange rate and , in fact , is part of a broad , secular trend across the advanced world. ” Globalization and technological advances have spurred factory job losses in the major industrialized economies , they said .
Regardless of the cause , manufacturing 's share of Canada 's labour force will keep falling , said Toronto-based BMO Capital Markets deputy chief economist Doug Porter , who grew up in London .
“ We can debate what exactly has caused that rise in the currency but it 's still having an effect on the job market , ” Porter said . “ We are seeing employment and industry adjust to that new reality . ”
Oil Shift
The energy industry has a history of adjusting . Imperial was founded in London in 1880 after oil was discovered nearby . It later moved its headquarters to Toronto , and then to Calgary , after much of southwestern Ontario 's oil was taken out of the ground .
Now , skilled workers in London will struggle to find local energy-related jobs because much of the work on oil sands projects must be done on site , said Mike Moffatt , assistant economics and public policy professor at Western University in London . Older workers will also struggle to adapt their skills , adding to long-term or “ structural ” unemployment , they said .
“ Just because those skills are in demand does n't mean they are in demand in London , ” they said . “ You should give tours of it , abandoned plants , because there are dozens of them . ”
Only about 150 of the unionized staff at the closed Electro-Motive Canada plant have found work according to Bob Scott , who runs the job center created after the factory closed . Workers who made between $ 20 and $ 30 an hour are being offered about $ 14 or $ 15 , they said .
Dim Prospects
Damm has been taking shift work at the post office to help pay bills . While job prospects in London are dim , they said they wo n't move to Alberta . “ The work is hard and they do pay well for it but eventually it will dry up , it 's not going to last forever , ” they said . “ My partner is very stable here so it would not even cross my mind to pack up and move out there . ”
As for the energy boom bringing orders and jobs to Ontario , they said , “ here in London I do n't see any direct links ” between local manufacturing and energy demand .
Scott said the Electro-Motive job center is scheduled to close in September and they are worried about colleagues who will run out of severance and unemployment benefits before finding new work .
“ A lot of divorces are coming out of this closure , ” they said . “ It 's been very difficult on a lot of people . ”
Bloomberg News
It Was The Best Of Fries , It Was The Worst Of Fries : Charles Dickens , Food Scribe
Enlarge this image Alex Reynolds/NPR Alex Reynolds/NPR
It was February 1824 , and Charles Dickens was hungry . With their father , John Dickens , jailed in the Marshalsea Prison over a debt of 40 pounds , 12-year-old Charles begrudgingly quit school to work at Warren 's Blacking Factory in London . Their family , who was forced to move into the prison with their father , desperately needed the money ; there were 10 starving mouths to feed . So for 10 hours a day and six shillings per week , in a room overrun by gray rats and intoxicating fumes , Dickens pasted labels on tiny pots of shoe polish . And they daydreamed about all the food a poor English working boy could n't possibly afford .
Later , Dickens would call upon this daily drudgery to inspire a recurring character that pervaded their novels : the helpless , young boy abandoned in a cruel world . And as their stomach growled for hot-baked apples and thickly buttered bread , the factory is where Dickens ' hunger was probably born .
If you 're searching for a tasty glimpse into Victorian victuals , the novels of Dickens will satisfy your craving . They generously sprinkled vivid images of food into their books , often describing the most minute details of a character 's meal . In The Pickwick Papers , Dickens alludes to 35 breakfasts , 32 dinners and 10 luncheons , and includes 249 separate references to drink ( albeit , not all of it alcoholic ) . That 's quite a lot of conversation about food — but then , Dickens always had a great deal to say on any subject .
Call them the first literary `` foodie , '' or maybe a man who found `` magic in a pint bottle '' and developed a dogged `` passion for gravy . '' Either way , modern readers can gain great insight into how 19th-century Londoners ate and drank — and about the author himself , who was born Feb. 7 , 1812 — by curling up with a dog-eared copy of Great Expectations or Little Dorrit .
Dickens was a culinary progressive , although they probably did n't realize it in their lifetime . The earliest known depiction of French fries ( British `` chips '' ) in literature comes from their 1859 novel , A Tale of Two Cities . Although the distinctly British meal of `` fish and chips '' would not be served commercially until 1863 , Dickens describes our modern fast-food spuds in savory detail : `` husky chips of potato , fried with some reluctant drops of oil . ''
Plagued by their own memories of hunger , Dickens characters are often heavily — and regularly — fixated on food . There is 9-year-old Oliver Twist , sent to the workhouse and forced to exist on `` three meals of thin gruel a day , with an onion twice a week , and half a roll on Sundays . '' In Great Expectations , Pip amusingly details the way their sister — a fuming , angry woman right down to their cooking maneuvers — menacingly cuts and butters the bread :
First , with their left hand they jammed the loaf hard and fast against their bib — where it sometimes got a pin into it , and sometimes a needle , which we afterwards got into our mouths . Then they took some butter ( not too much ) on a knife and spread it on the loaf , in an apothecary kind of way ... using both sides of the knife with a slapping dexterity , and trimming and moulding the butter off round the crust .
In contrast to those characters in Dickens novels who are always in want of food , there are others who are prone to comical overconsumption . It 's easy to imagine that Dickens connected meal-time indulgence with affluence . It 's also apparent that they had an emphatic obsession with gravy . The author spoke of humans ' passion for gravy in a speech at a charity dinner in London in 1860 . Mrs. Cratchit makes it for their family in A Christmas Carol ; Joe tries to comfort Pip in Great Expectations by steadily spooning out gravy until it forms a puddle of brown liquid on the boy 's plate . In Dickens ' fictional , often cruel world , gravy is tantamount to an expression of love .
The characters of Dickens , an opponent of the Temperance Movement , also frequently find pleasure in a good , stiff drink — or four . In one of many such scenes in The Pickwick Papers , Mr. Pickwick finds the `` greatest delight '' in downing a `` constant succession '' of glasses of punch . Predictably , 19th-century drunken high jinks ensue .
`` Yielding by degrees to the influence of the exciting liquid , rendered more so by the heat , Mr. Pickwick expressed a strong desire to recollect a song which they had heard in their infancy , and the attempt proving abortive , sought to stimulate their memory with more glasses of punch , which appeared to have quite a contrary effect ; for , from forgetting the words of the song , they began to forget how to articulate any words at all ; and finally , after rising to their legs to address the company in an eloquent speech , they fell into the barrow , and fast asleep , simultaneously . ''
Indeed , Dickens has a rather robust literary love affair with `` punch '' in all varieties , temperatures and flavors . Their writings mention at least 10 different variations of punch ; most of them spiked and guaranteed to enliven any festivity . In at least five of their novels , including David Copperfield , Bleak House and A Christmas Carol , the characters imbibe a hot cup of Port Negus punch . It 's rumored that Dickens was particularly fond of Port Negus , a mulled wine drink that can be found in works by many other Victorian novelists , including Charlotte Bronte and William Makepeace Thackeray .
In Nicholas Nickleby , Dickens ironically pens : `` Subdue your appetites , my dears , and you 've conquered human nature . '' This seems to be a battle that the author waged within himself .
But their characters often prove that there is no misfortune that a fine bit of beef , pudding or fried potato ca n't temporarily cure . If there is one lesson to take away from Dickens ' writing , it 's to celebrate the simple joy in a hard-earned meal .
Everything else is just gravy .
If you think you might like Port Negus as much as Charles Dickens did , here is a recipe for you to try .
We 're Getting a Skunk !
Written by : C.J . Wilson
After watching an old episode of “ Nature ” on PBS the other day , my budding zoologist daughter unequivocally announced that we are getting a skunk for a pet .
A consummate animal activist , she 's always been categorically engaged in the protection of all living creatures , carefully containing and releasing errant spiders when the other kids reel away in an arachnophobic panic . They have big plans to maintain an exotic animal sanctuary someday , so I guess I should n't have been surprised when they settled on Mephitis mephitis ( the striped skunk ) for the newest addition to our growing animal family . I 'm always willing to embark on a wild adventure with her , so we quickly launched into our skunk intelligence gathering .
Skunks have a bad rap for obvious malodorous reasons and , apart from the dread of the stink from their anal scent glands , many people needlessly fear contracting rabies from them . Receiving rabies from skunks is in fact extremely rare , and they only spray as a last resort when threatened or defending their young kits . Very few humans are directly targeted from the skunk 's spray . Even so , all but 18 states in the US have banned skunks as pets .
Skunks are naturally very clean , instinctively “ corner ( potty ) trained ” and actually have a fairly pleasant natural body odor . They are benign , intelligent and playfully curious animals and most certainly make more affectionate companions than our grumpy and aloof rescue attack cat , Becky ( aka Bitch Kitty ) .
Even though they mostly roam about solitary at night in the wild , skunks can be social creatures and generally get along well with other adapted pets . But they are special needs pets and require a lot of care and attention in domesticity , especially in their first eight weeks to adulthood . They must be disciplined with patience and ca n't be contained in cages . They love to climb , especially as young kits , and can open cabinets and even refrigerator doors , so it 's absolutely necessary to skunk-proof the home . Skunks have a keen sense of hearing and smell but they have poor eyesight and lack a homing instinct , so it 's best to housebreak them and keep them indoors . One could build a relatively inexpensive electric fence around the perimeter of the property or garden as skunks love to dig and forage for food and have varied diets and voracious appetites but , much like our lively English Lab Molly , they are rarely satiated .
The American Domestic Skunk Association and Skunk Haven are good informational resources , but many websites give out conflicting advice on skunk care facts . All agree that dealing with veterinary treatment is particularly challenging due to the lack of specific knowledge about skunk health that most vets have access to . It is crucial to purchase a skunk from a reputable and knowledgeable breeder and ensure that a vet is secured with more than adequate experience treating skunks . Most skunks are descented as baby kits , but more and more vets and skunk owners are recommending against it . That 's not really for us . Our family is going to side squarely with the descenting group !
The 14th annual Skunk Fest is held a short distance from Cleveland , Ohio this September . Ohio has a large striped skunk population and accompanying skunk enthusiasts , so this is where we plan to start our search for our new omnivorous pal . We 've decided on a name ( Napoleon ) and have a trusted vet in place . We are spending this summer child-proofing locks and installing an electric fence . I 'm not sure how Becky and Molly will adjust to the new addition , and I 'm betting there will be a few raised eyebrows in the neighborhood , but our family could not be more excited to begin our fun and funky skunk quest . We are determined to bring about a heightened awareness for our striking and misunderstood furry friends .
Yes , we are getting a skunk !
Guest Writer Bio : Clinton ( C.J . ) Wilson has written for Just Out Newsmagazine and Black Lamb in Portland , Oregon , PragueOne in the Czech Republic , and for Penguin Group in New York City . You can find Clinton on Facebook and Twitter .
More resources :
http : //www.skunk-info.org/lists/lists.htm
http : //www.skunk-info.org/petcare/petcare.htm
http : //exoticpets.about.com/cs/skunks/a/skunksaspets.htm
http : //skunkvetcare.org/
* * *
Click To Tweet
* * *
* * *
A QUESTION FOR YOU :
Do you have exotic pets at home ? Tell us in the comments below .
* * *
* * *
* * * Leave a comment below and remember to share . * * *
It 's just sexy !
As always , thank you for taking the time to visit my blog !
♥ PEACE ♥
.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
April 12 , 2013 , 6:35 PM GMT By Martha C. White
When it comes to service , McDonald 's customers just are n't lovin ' it .
The burger behemoth is fielding an increasing number of gripes about its employees ' friendliness , professionalism and speed of service , so much so that an executive warned , “ service is broken ” at a recent internal webcast .
The company told franchisees during a webcast last month that 20 percent of complaints were related to workers ' attitudes , “ and it 's increasing , ” according to the Wall Street Journal . Gripes about “ rude or unprofessional employees ” topped the list , and complaints that it took too long to get food increased “ significantly , ” over the last six months .
McDonald 's did n't provide commentary on the webcast to the Journal but said that the company is “ absolutely committed ” to delivering a good customer experience .
“ We are not in a position to confirm or deny this as we believe the original story was based on leaked information , ” a company spokesperson told NBCNews.com via email . “ As such we do not comment on leaked information or information we believe is obtained through unauthorized means . ”
This new headache comes just as McDonald 's was regaining its stride after two consecutive quarters of missing analysts ' expectations .
In a survey of the 10 largest fast-food chains it conducted earlier this year , research firm Technomic found that McDonald 's came in last in the “ friendly , pleasant service ” category . “ Although McDonald 's has struggled with pleasant friendly service , they are still the largest and most used restaurant in the industry , ” Technomic executive vice president Darren Tristano said via email .
Research firm YouGov found McDonald 's in the middle of the pack when it came to overall customer satisfaction in a recent survey .
“ If it continues to linger , it can certainly have an impression on the brand equity , ” said R.J. Hottovy , senior restaurant analyst at Morningstar . “ When you have bad customer service , it gets noticed right away . ”
The company already had indicated it planned to focus on service more in 2013 . President and CEO Don Thompson told investors on McDonald 's quarterly conference call in January that it was working on “ improv [ ing ] customer satisfaction and our service levels . ”
McDonald 's size , combined with its franchise-driven business model , can make implementing attitude adjustments difficult . “ The franchise model is a bit more of a challenge , ” said Todd Hooper , a restaurant strategist at consulting firm , Kurt Salmon . “ It takes constant support and vigilance from the franchisor . ”
Analysts say the company is up to the challenge . “ McDonald 's takes these things pretty seriously , ” Hottovy said .
“ The good news is that McDonald 's leadership has recognized the opportunity to improve this area of their business , ” Tristano said . “ Customers expect to be treated with respect and friendliness . ”
Philip Hammond 's so sexist they said that “ even a woman ” can drive a train these days – the Sun revealed on Saturday . Philip Hammond 's so out-of-touch they said that public sector workers are “ overpaid ” – the Sunday Times revealed yesterday . Philip Hammond 's so Europhile , he 's trying to frustrate Brexit – the Telegraph reveals today . “ Hammond accused of Brexit treachery ” is their splash .
You do n't have to be Hercule Poirot to work out that Telegraph story might have something to do with how the first two stories ended up in the press . Hammond themselves blamed the leaks – they denied the train story and didn't-quite-deny the public sector pay story – on their Brexit stance on Marr yesterday . Allies of the Chancellor have gone further , telling the Sun 's Matt Dathan that Michael Gove is to blame for the leaks .
The attacks on Hammond are based on a lot of things , and their scepticism as far as Brexit in general and the value of leaving the customs union in particular go are a key factor . But the anger , I 'm told , at their remarks over pay transcended the Remain-Leave battlegrounds . ( No fewer than five cabinet ministers confirmed the story to the Sunday Times . )
Hammond 's political isolation is twofold . There is a caucus in the cabinet for holding the line on fiscal restraint , and there is a caucus in the cabinet for a softer Brexit . But there is n't a caucus for both , and Hammond 's difficulty is they are loved by neither . ( In a way , he 's the last real Thatcherite left : into both fiscal discipline and the single market . )
There 's also a sense among Remain-supporting ministers that before the election , Hammond was their air raid shelter , the only pro-European too big to be moved by Theresa May . Now , of course , everyone is too big to be moved by May so their value to the cabinet 's soft Brexiteers is limited .
But the effect of the row may , surprisingly enough , be to rejuvenate the PM , at least for a little bit . Backbenchers are n't enjoying the public rows at all , and the hostile follow-ups – the Mirror splashes on Hammond 's property empire with the headline “ Hammond the Hypocrite ” today – only add to their unease . There 's a growing sense among the 2005 and 2010 intakes – who , do n't forget , mostly won their seats from Labour and so are doubly uneasy about Jeremy Corbyn 's ascent in the polls – that the cabinet 's big beasts , holed up in Tory fortresses , are risking their seats for short-term advantage .
That 's behind what might be the most significant Tory story in today 's papers – the FT 's George Parker reports that the 1922 committee have written to May saying that backbenchers will support them if they opt to sack feuding ministers and get things back under control . But there 's a risk for the PM , too : if they ca n't get a grip on the infighting , backbenchers will turn to someone who can .
PCs are making a comeback in Europe and the US , analysts say
Maybe it 's too early to write off the PC just yet . A year ago , the PC market was a clear horror show , with shipments plummeting as consumers embraced the convenience of tablets . Then tablet sales slowed – they 're still expected to outstrip sales of PCs in 2015 , but the latest figures from Gartner suggest that PC shipments are actually doing quite well again , at least in developed markets .
On Thursday , the analyst firm said PC shipments totaled 79.4 million units in the third quarter of this year , 0.5 percent down on the same quarter of 2013 . However , that decline was down to the emerging markets — in Western Europe and North America , shipments were up 9 percent and 4.2 percent respectively ( that 's the third consecutive quarter of growth in the U.S. , by the way ) .
Advertisement
It 's worth noting that we 're talking about x86-based PCs here , including x86-based tablets running Windows 8 , but not including other tablets or Chromebooks . Also , shipments are n't sales , though they are a good indicator of popularity .
Here 's how Gartner principal analyst Mikako Kitagawa sees it , as quoted in the statement :
Positive results in Western Europe and North America can be a sign of gradual recovery for the PC industry . Consumers ' attention is slowly going back to PC purchases as tablet adoption peaked with mainstream consumers . The transition from PCs to tablets has faded as tablet penetration has reached the 40-50 per cent range . In contrast , weakness in the emerging market reflects the saturation in selected consumer segments where they can afford PCs . In the meantime , consumers who do n't have PCs will likely buy low priced tablets . This is a one of the major reasons for the slow growth in PC shipments in emerging markets .
Gartner cited a variety of reasons for the comeback in mature markets , ranging from the introduction of more affordable touch-based laptops to the end of support for Windows XP , and the resulting need for many businesses to buy new PCs . The analysts also reckon that two-in-one hybrid PCs , which can double as tablets , are tempting some consumers away from buying pure tablets .
It 's important to note that this possible recovery is mainly benefiting the top PC vendors , with the relative small fry continuing to suffer .
That 'll be why this year we 've seen [ company ] Sony [ /company ] sell off its PC business altogether , [ company ] Samsung [ /company ] withdraw from the European PC market , and [ company ] Toshiba [ /company ] drastically scaled back its consumer PC operations .
Here are Gartner 's charts breaking things down globally , for the U.S. , and for EMEA :
When Zoe Quinn released 4chan # Gamergate logs earlier this month , it seemed like the movement might lose what dubious credibility it still had . But now , in the words of Boing Boing , an extremely misguided decision on behalf of Intel represents “ a coup ” for the manipulative movement .
As the world 's largest chipmaker , one would think Intel might be immune to the pressures of an online campaign ( heck , individual journalists withstand worse every day ) , but after receiving a large volume of complaints over Gamasutra 's critical coverage of Gamergate , the company has pulled advertisements for its RealSense platform from the gaming news site .
@ BuckSexington Yes , our partners at @ intel were flooded with complaints over a recent opinion piece , and they did pull an ad campaign . — Gamasutra ( @ gamasutra ) October 1 , 2014
We reached out to Intel for a comment but have yet to hear back ; however , spokesperson Bill Calder confirmed to Re/Code :
Intel has pulled its advertising from website Gamasutra . [ … ] We take feedback from our customers very seriously , especially as it relates to contextually relevant content and placements .
Kotaku , Rock Paper Shotgun , and Polygon were also “ punished ” for posting critical coverage of Gamergate by the movement 's Operation Disrespectful Nod ( retch ! ) , a concertedly civilized e-mail campaign towards editors , advertisers , and relevant gaming summits . Although Disrespectful Nod 's emphasis on politeness belies Gamergate 's typically vitriolic nature , Subreddits with e-mail drafts show the movement 's fixation on Gamasutra writer Leigh Alexander . Unsurprisingly , even at its most professional , the Gamergate movement is still just a poorly-concealed excuse to attack women on a personal level .
I do n't want to dignify this group of bitter neckbeards by implying their movement has staying power , but Gamergate is over a month old now ; and , although I can understand why Intel might have been alarmed by receiving an overwhelming number of “ polite ! ” ( to quote Disrespectful Nod ) complaints , shame on the company for prolonging this circus . Christ almighty , Intel , your business is computers ; one might think you 'd have a better grasp on Internet culture !
Intel , next time you bow to pressure from a vocal minority , maybe best to do a Google search first and sure they 're not associated with forcing women out of their home or threats to commit murder . How embarrassing for you . What a shame for everyone else .
Previously in Gamergoob
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter , Facebook , Tumblr , Pinterest , & Google + ?
General reminder about our comment policy , which specifically disallows personal attacks . Keep your discussion to the issues , or your comments WILL get deleted .
This article is about the nursery rhyme . For other uses , see Humpty Dumpty ( disambiguation )
Humpty Dumpty is a character in an English nursery rhyme , probably originally a riddle and one of the best known in the English-speaking world . They are typically portrayed as an anthropomorphic egg , though they are not explicitly described as such . The first recorded versions of the rhyme date from late eighteenth-century England and the tune from 1870 in James William Elliott 's National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs . [ 1 ] Its origins are obscure and several theories have been advanced to suggest original meanings .
The character of Humpty Dumpty was popularised in the United States by actor George L. Fox ( 1825–77 ) . As a character and literary allusion , they have appeared or been referred to in a large number of works of literature and popular culture , particularly English author Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking-Glass ( 1872 ) , in which they were described as an egg . The rhyme is listed in the Roud Folk Song Index as No . 13026 .
Lyrics and melody
The rhyme is one of the best known in the English language . The common text from 1954 is :
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall ,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall .
All the king 's horses and all the king 's men
Could n't put Humpty together again . [ 2 ]
It is a single quatrain with external rhymes [ 3 ] that follow the pattern of AABB and with a trochaic metre , which is common in nursery rhymes . [ 4 ] The melody commonly associated with the rhyme was first recorded by composer and nursery rhyme collector James William Elliott in their National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs ( London , 1870 ) , as outlined below : [ 5 ]
Origins
Mother Goose 's Nursery Rhymes ( 1877 ) , showing Humpty Dumpty as a boy ( help · info ) An illustration from Walter Crane 's , ( 1877 ) , showing Humpty Dumpty as a boy
The earliest known version was published in Samuel Arnold 's Juvenile Amusements in 1797 [ 6 ] with the lyrics :
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall ,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall .
Four-score Men and Four-score more ,
Could not make Humpty Dumpty where they were before .
William Carey Richards ( 1818–1892 ) quoted the poem in 1843 , commenting , `` when we were five years old ... the following parallel lines ... were propounded as a riddle ... Humpty-dumpty , reader , is the Dutch or something else for an egg '' . [ 8 ]
A manuscript addition to a copy of Mother Goose 's Melody published in 1803 has the modern version with a different last line : `` Could not set Humpty Dumpty up again '' . It was published in 1810 in a version of Gammer Gurton 's Garland as :
Humpty Dumpty sate [ sic ] on a wall ,
Humpti Dumpti [ sic ] had a great fall ;
Threescore men and threescore more ,
Can not place Humpty dumpty as they were before . [ 9 ]
In 1842 , James Orchard Halliwell published a collected version as :
Humpty Dumpty lay in a beck .
With all their sinews around their neck ;
Forty Doctors and forty wrights
Could n't put Humpty Dumpty to rights ! [ 10 ]
The modern-day version of this nursery rhyme , as known throughout the UK since at least the mid-twentieth century , is as follows :
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall ,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall ;
All the King 's horses
And all the King 's men ,
Could n't put Humpty together again .
According to the Oxford English Dictionary , in the 17th century the term `` humpty dumpty '' referred to a drink of brandy boiled with ale . The riddle probably exploited , for misdirection , the fact that `` humpty dumpty '' was also eighteenth-century reduplicative slang for a short and clumsy person . [ 11 ] The riddle may depend upon the assumption that a clumsy person falling off a wall might not be irreparably damaged , whereas an egg would be . The rhyme is no longer posed as a riddle , since the answer is now so well known . Similar riddles have been recorded by folklorists in other languages , such as `` Boule Boule '' in French , `` Lille Trille '' in Swedish and Norwegian , and `` Runtzelken-Puntzelken '' or `` Humpelken-Pumpelken '' in different parts of Germany—although none is as widely known as Humpty Dumpty is in English . [ 12 ]
Meaning
The rhyme does not explicitly state that the subject is an egg , possibly because it may have been originally posed as a riddle . There are also various theories of an original `` Humpty Dumpty '' . One , advanced by Katherine Elwes Thomas in 1930 [ 13 ] and adopted by Robert Ripley , posits that Humpty Dumpty is King Richard III of England , depicted as humpbacked in Tudor histories and particularly in Shakespeare 's play , and who was defeated , despite their armies , at Bosworth Field in 1485 .
Punch in 1842 suggested jocularly that the rhyme was a metaphor for the downfall of Cardinal Wolsey ; just as Wolsey was not buried in their intended tomb , so Humpty Dumpty was not buried in their shell . [ 14 ]
Professor David Daube suggested in The Oxford Magazine of 16 February 1956 that Humpty Dumpty was a `` tortoise '' siege engine , an armoured frame , used unsuccessfully to approach the walls of the Parliamentary held city of Gloucester in 1643 during the Siege of Gloucester in the English Civil War . This was on the basis of a contemporary account of the attack , but without evidence that the rhyme was connected . [ 15 ] The theory was part of an anonymous series of articles on the origin of nursery rhymes and was widely acclaimed in academia , [ 16 ] but it was derided by others as `` ingenuity for ingenuity 's sake '' and declared to be a spoof . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] The link was nevertheless popularised by a children 's opera All the King 's Men by Richard Rodney Bennett , first performed in 1969 . [ 19 ] [ 20 ]
From 1996 , the website of the Colchester tourist board attributed the origin of the rhyme to a cannon recorded as used from the church of St Mary-at-the-Wall by the Royalist defenders in the siege of 1648 . [ 21 ] In 1648 , Colchester was a walled town with a castle and several churches and was protected by the city wall . The story given was that a large cannon , which the website claimed was colloquially called Humpty Dumpty , was strategically placed on the wall . A shot from a Parliamentary cannon succeeded in damaging the wall beneath Humpty Dumpty which caused the cannon to tumble to the ground . The Royalists ( or Cavaliers , `` all the King 's men '' ) attempted to raise Humpty Dumpty on to another part of the wall , but the cannon was so heavy that `` All the King 's horses and all the King 's men could n't put Humpty together again '' . Author Albert Jack claimed in their 2008 book Pop Goes the Weasel : The Secret Meanings of Nursery Rhymes that there were two other verses supporting this claim . [ 22 ] Elsewhere , they claimed to have found them in an `` old dusty library , [ in ] an even older book '' , [ 23 ] but did not state what the book was or where it was found . It has been pointed out that the two additional verses are not in the style of the seventeenth century or of the existing rhyme , and that they do not fit with the earliest printed versions of the rhyme , which do not mention horses and men . [ 21 ]
In Through the Looking-Glass
Humpty Dumpty appears in Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking-Glass ( 1872 ) . Alice 's remark that they are `` exactly like an egg '' they find `` very provoking '' ; Alice clarifies that they said they look like an egg , not that they are one . They discuss semantics and pragmatics : Humpty Dumpty says , `` my name means the shape I am '' ; and later : [ 24 ]
`` I do n't know what you mean by 'glory , ' `` Alice said .
Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously . `` Of course you don't—till I tell you . I meant 'there 's a nice knock-down argument for you ! ' ``
`` But 'glory ' does n't mean ' a nice knock-down argument ' , '' Alice objected .
`` When I use a word , '' Humpty Dumpty said , in rather a scornful tone , `` it means just what I choose it to mean—neither more nor less . ''
`` The question is , '' said Alice , `` whether you can make words mean so many different things . ''
`` The question is , '' said Humpty Dumpty , `` which is to be master—that 's all . ''
Alice was too much puzzled to say anything , so after a minute Humpty Dumpty began again . `` They 've a temper , some of them—particularly verbs , they 're the proudest—adjectives you can do anything with , but not verbs—however , I can manage the whole lot ! Impenetrability ! That 's what I say ! `` [ 25 ]
This passage was used in Britain by Lord Atkin in their dissenting judgement in the seminal case Liversidge v. Anderson ( 1942 ) , where they protested about the distortion of a statute by the majority of the House of Lords . [ 26 ] It also became a popular citation in the United States legal opinions , appearing in 250 judicial decisions in the Westlaw database as of 19 April 2008 , including two Supreme Court cases ( TVA v. Hill and Zschernig v . Miller ) . [ 27 ]
It has been suggested by A. J. Larner that Carroll 's Humpty Dumpty had prosopagnosia on the basis of their description of their finding faces hard to recognise .
`` The face is what one goes by , generally , '' Alice remarked in a thoughtful tone .
`` That 's just what I complain of , '' said Humpty Dumpty . `` Your face is the same as everybody has—the two eyes , — '' ( marking their places in the air with their thumb ) `` nose in the middle , mouth under . It 's always the same . Now if you had the two eyes on the same side of the nose , for instance—or the mouth at the top—that would be some help . `` [ 28 ]
In popular culture
Humpty Dumpty has become a highly popular nursery rhyme character . American actor George L. Fox ( 1825–77 ) helped to popularise the character in nineteenth-century stage productions of pantomime versions , music , and rhyme . [ 29 ] The character is also a common literary allusion , particularly to refer to a person in an insecure position , something that would be difficult to reconstruct once broken , or a short and fat person . [ 30 ] Humpty Dumpty has been used in a large range of literary works in addition to their appearance as a character in Through the Looking-Glass , including L. Frank Baum 's Mother Goose in Prose ( 1901 ) , where the rhyming riddle is devised by the daughter of the king , having witnessed Humpty 's `` death '' and their father 's soldiers ' efforts to save him . [ 31 ] In Neil Gaiman 's early short story The Case of the Four and Twenty Blackbirds , the Humpty Dumpty story is turned into a film noir-style hardboiled crime story , involving other characters from popular nursery rhymes . [ 32 ] Robert Rankin used Humpty Dumpty as one victim of a serial fairy-tale character murderer in The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse ( 2002 ) . [ 33 ] Jasper Fforde included Humpty Dumpty in their novels The Well of Lost Plots ( 2003 ) [ 34 ] and The Big Over Easy ( 2005 ) , [ 35 ] which use them respectively as a ringleader of dissatisfied nursery rhyme characters threatening to strike and as the victim of a murder . Humpty Dumpty appears as a lead villain in the DreamWorks animation Puss in Boots ( 2011 ) .
The 1925 song `` I 'm Sitting on Top of the World '' , most notably sung by Dean Martin , Doris Day and Bobby Darin , mentions Humpty Dumpty twice in its lyrics , saying `` just like Humpty Dumpty , I 'm gon na fall '' . [ 36 ]
The rhyme has also been used as a reference in more serious literary works , including as a recurring motif of the Fall of Man in James Joyce 's 1939 novel Finnegans Wake . [ 37 ] Robert Penn Warren 's 1946 American novel All the King 's Men is the story of populist politician Willie Stark 's rise to the position of governor and eventual fall , based on the career of the infamous Louisiana Senator and Governor Huey Long . It won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize and was twice made into a film in 1949 and 2006 , the former winning the Academy Award for best motion picture . [ 38 ] This was echoed in Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward 's book All the President 's Men , about the Watergate scandal , referring to the failure of the President 's staff to repair the damage once the scandal had leaked out . It was filmed as All the President 's Men in 1976 , starring Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman . [ 39 ] Similarly , Humpty Dumpty is referred to in Paul Auster 's 1985 novel City of Glass , when two characters discuss them as `` the purest embodiment of the human condition '' and quote extensively from Through the Looking Glass . [ 40 ] Luis d'Antin van Rooten 's 1967 book Mots d'Heures , a collection of homophonically translated poetry , includes a version of the rhyme in nonsensical French text , beginning `` Un petit d'un petit , S'étonne aux Halles ... '' .
It has also been used as a common motif in popular music , including Hank Thompson 's `` Humpty Dumpty Heart '' ( 1948 ) , [ 41 ] The Monkees ' `` All the King 's Horses '' ( 1966 ) , Aretha Franklin 's `` All the King 's Horses '' ( 1972 ) , Tori Amos 's `` Humpty Dumpty '' ( 1992 ) , [ 42 ] and Travis 's `` The Humpty Dumpty Love Song '' ( 2001 ) . [ 43 ] In jazz , Ornette Coleman and Chick Corea wrote different compositions , both titled Humpty Dumpty . ( In Corea 's case , however , it is a part of a concept album inspired by Lewis Carroll called The Mad Hatter , 1978 ) . [ 44 ] [ unreliable source ? ] [ 45 ] [ unreliable source ? ]
In the Dolly Parton song Starting Over Again , it 's all the king 's horses and all the king 's men who ca n't put the divorced couple back together again . [ 46 ] In an extra verse in one version of ABBA 's On and On and On , Humpty Dumpty is mentioned as being afraid of falling off the wall . [ 47 ]
In science
Humpty Dumpty has been used to demonstrate the second law of thermodynamics . The law describes a process known as entropy , a measure of the number of specific ways in which a system may be arranged , often taken to be a measure of `` disorder '' . The higher the entropy , the higher the disorder . After their fall and subsequent shattering , the inability to put them together again is representative of this principle , as it would be highly unlikely ( though not impossible ) to return them to their earlier state of lower entropy , as the entropy of an isolated system never decreases . [ 48 ] [ 49 ] [ 50 ]
See also
Netherbird are back ! After splitting up just two years ago most of the band got back together earlier this year , with some new additions , and have already produced another full-length album in The Grander Voyage . Having been around since 2004 the band are veterans within the scene having had some of the best cover art there is in my opinion . The band is now signed with Black Lodge Records as well , one of my all-time favorite labels ( Sabaton , Amorphis , Candlemass etc ) , which is great to see and a quality stamp .
Just like Netherbird has before they play a very Dissection influenced melodic black metal , just the way I love it . They do n't deliver anything revolutionary and innovating to the genre , but they do n't have to . Netherbird are still a tight group that know how to bring you those killer riffs , changing the tempo just the right way , bringing in instrumental tracks that guides you towards the mayhem they are about to release and giving you that saddening dark atmosphere while doing so . The hissing , rasping vocals are just about the right volume too , a little distant but still there to add depth to the music . Very Dissection like and good !
I think The Grander Voyage is one of Netherbird 's best releases ( The Ferocious Tides of Fate being my favorite ) . If you 're an old fan of Netherbird then you will definitely love this . If you are a new to Netherbird then you are off to a good start with The Grander Voyage .
Facebook : http : //www.facebook.com/netherbird
Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/netherbird
For fans of : Dissection and Naglfar
Favorite song : The Silvan Shrine
Advertisements
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
“ Liverpool fans do have an emotional reaction to Rafa Benitez - and that 's because he 's a very good man , not just a very good football manager . ”
Given how rapidly Benitez has been embraced by Newcastle United supporters , it comes as no surprise to any Magpie fan that the 57-year-old is still held in such high esteem on Merseyside .
It is more than seven years since the Spaniard departed Anfield , yet they maintain a bond with the city and its population which is almost unique for a foreign manager - as Neil Atkinson , presenter of the respected ‘ The Anfield Wrap ' podcast , explains in that quote .
Usually , such emotional attachments are reserved for players or managers born and bred in a specific area . But , just like Benitez is well on their way to becoming an adopted Geordie , they are a fully-ensconced Liverpudlian already .
Ahead of Benitez returning to Anfield , Chris Waugh investigates why the Spaniard has such an enduring relationship with Liverpool ...
The obvious reason - the glory days returned to Anfield
As James Pearce , The Echo 's Liverpool FC reporter , states : “ The fact Rafa gave Liverpool supporters one of the greatest nights of their lives in Istanbul is the obvious place to start . ”
One supporter who wrote to Benitez about that night in Istanbul alone “ made it worthwhile being a lifelong Liverpool fan ” .
Benitez brought the Reds the Champions League during their debut season with a far-from star-studded side .
“ Remember , that team consisted of the likes of Milan Baros and Djimi Traore , ” Pearce adds , “ that shows the calibre of their managerial skills . ”
Benitez also came within a whisker of lifting the Premier League title with Liverpool , and won the FA Cup , the UEFA Super Cup and Community Shield .
“ It 's not just Istanbul , ” Atkinson explains . “ There was a real feeling of explosion during Benitez 's tenure because we got sustained success . ”
Being the man to break the Reds ' 21-year wait for a European Cup is something Benitez thrived upon .
It is also what they seek at Newcastle , deduces Rory Smith , Chief soccer correspondent for The New York Times and the journalist who helped the Spaniard write ‘ Champions League Dreams : Rafa Benitez ' .
“ If they win a cup at Newcastle , then they go down in history - just like they have at Liverpool , ” Smith theorises .
“ If you can turn Newcastle into what it should be , you will become a legend .
“ Rafa is driven by the idea that if they turn Newcastle into what it should be , they have a place in history . ”
Embracing the community - and becoming a Scouser
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
But being a born winner is just one part of Benitez 's multi-layered appeal .
Benitez did far more than deliver trophies at Liverpool ; they immersed themselves in the local culture and became an adopted Scouser .
“ The Benitez family realised they were at somewhere very special , ” Guillem Balague , Sky Sports ' Spanish football expert and the journalist who wrote ‘ A season on the brink : A portrait of Rafael Benitez 's Liverpool ' .
As soon as they moved to Liverpool , the Benitez family came to see Merseyside as their home . Montse , their wife , still lives on The Wirral with their two daughters , Claudia and Agata , who were born in Madrid and Valencia respectively .
“ The entire family has an incredibly tight bond with Liverpool as a city . Montse believes it is the family home , ” Smith says .
“ Rafa has even described both their daughters as Scousers . ”
Claudia is gifted at equestrian and there were even suggestions at one stage that , if they could ever reach international standard , then they would represent Team GB , not Spain .
“ Merseyside is their home and as a family unit they 've never wanted to leave , which in modern football is quite unusual , ” Smith adds .
“ Liverpool is like Newcastle . It 's a city with a strong sense of its own identity and there 's something about Rafa - but even more so Montse - which felt really at home there .
“ He 's never really left Liverpool spiritually . The city is a part of them now , even seven years on . ”
The bond between Benitez and Liverpool supporters has not diminished , however . Far from it . During the Reds ' Champions League clash against Sevilla earlier this month , a huge banner of the Spaniard was on display in The Kop .
As Atkinson explains : “ Rafa both came to and also always did embody what Liverpool FC and also the city thinks about itself .
“ Liverpool loves nothing more than someone coming in from another part of the world and loving it . ”
Benitez managed in Milan , London , Naples and Madrid after they left Liverpool , while their family remained on Merseyside .
It was the desire to return closer to home , and to once again manage in the Premier League , which drew them to Newcastle .
“ Rafa has always wanted to work in England because their family is based in England , and so the shorter their commute the better , ” Smith said .
Chastening stints at Chelsea - where they faced civil war from the fans , and , as Pearce recalls , “ had the bizarre experience of receiving a better reception from Reds than Blues supporters at Anfield ” - and then boyhood club Real Madrid only strengthened their longing .
“ It would have been more difficult to convince them to go to Newcastle if they had n't had the Chelsea experience , ” Balague surmises .
“ He did n't find the respect of fans there - they were actually horribly bullied - but they knew they could rediscover what they had at Liverpool with Newcastle supporters . ”
They go above and beyond - from Hillsborough to Food Banks
Montse 's Foundation still helps fund community projects on Merseyside for children .
Yet even more pertinent is Benitez 's enduring support for the Hillsborough Families . They cried at the 22nd-anniversary memorial , attends the annual Run for the 96 5K every year and , on the day they left Anfield , donated £96,000 to the Hillsborough Family Support Group ( HFSG ) .
“ He and their family have done so much for the Hillsborough families , ” Margaret Aspinall , chair of the HFSG , who lost their son James , 18 , in the disaster , says .
( Image : NUFC Fans Food Bank )
“ He does n't do anything for recognition . I know that for a fact . When they made the donation to the HFSG , they did n't want any publicity . They said : ‘ Margaret , I do n't want any recognition . ' It was my decision to put it out there , I thought they should be recognised for it .
“ That says everything you need to know about the man . No thanks will ever make up for the support we still get from Rafa .
“ He is unique . They do n't come from Liverpool , but they support the city so well . It shows you the humility of the guy . ”
As manager of Liverpool or Newcastle , there is a certain amount expected of you . But Benitez has always gone above and beyond .
“ He really likes the idea of a club as a community and social institution , even if they might not say that in their own words , ” Smith adds .
“ Rafa does things from the heart , not as a PR opportunity . They do more than they have to , like when they met the guys from the NUFC Food Bank a couple of hours before kick-off .
“ When they took the Newcastle job , they saw Newcastle as a club that could be like Liverpool ; it 's almost a civic role being manager of either .
“ What convinced them to stay at Newcastle ? The fans , and the idea that being manager of Newcastle is about more than just sending XI players out on a weekend is important to him .
“ He needs the fans to understand , participate and really celebrate what they are trying to do . They did n't find it at Inter or at Chelsea , but they certainly found it at Valencia , Liverpool and now Newcastle . ”
The huge misnomer - far from being cold , they are “ warm ”
To those outside of Merseyside and Tyneside who do not know Benitez , there is often a portrayal of them as a cold , motionless robot .
It is the great misconception of Benitez . It is one borne out of Benitez 's ability to separate the professional from the personal , believes Smith .
“ When Rafa is at work , he 's at work , ” Smith stresses . “ There are the stories about Steven Gerrard talking about them as a distant father figure they were desperate to impress and they never got anything back . Rafa went to the Intercontinental Cup final after the death of their own father and was supposedly upset at Xabi Alonso for missing a Champions League match to be at the birth of their child .
“ All of which build to this impression of Rafa as a robotic , emotionless drone . But that 's not what he 's like as a bloke .
“ I just think people confuse what he 's like at work and what he 's like as a man .
“ Rafa does n't think emotionally when he 's at work . But in their private life they are very warm . ”
Margaret Aspinall has certainly seen the human side of Benitez .
“ He is a genuine gentleman , ” they say affectionately .
“ He still stays in touch now - and for me that shows the measure of the man . ”
Balague , however , theorises that the London-based media also ignorantly typecast the Spaniard in a certain way . Once that perception was out there , it stuck .
The Echo always had positive dealings with the Spaniard . There was almost daily interaction with the then-LFC reporter , while Pearce stresses that Benitez “ valued their relationship with the local Press and realised how important we could be in order to establish and maintain their communication with the fans ” .
This same openness has continued into their time at Newcastle . Benitez has taken part in Q & As with The Chronicle , for example , to ensure there is never an information vacuum .
Interestingly , just months after leaving Liverpool , Benitez even appeared on The Anfield Wrap . It was then that Atkinson discovered the Benitez first hand .
“ He was very ‘ Rafa Benitez ' when they were on the show , as in when you see them when he 's on TV .
“ As soon as we stopped recording , it changes . He 's a very physical communicator , so he 's trying not to be that when broadcasting . But most of their communication is from their body language .
“ As soon as the switch clicks , he 's suddenly all arms and gestures - and he 's also genuinely very warm . They went from being ‘ football manager Rafa Benitez ' , to ‘ great fella Rafa Benitez ' as soon as we pressed stop . ”
Their yearning to rediscover that connection brought them to Tyneside
The two-and-a-half years Benitez spent out of the game following their Inter sacking only strengthened their bond with Merseyside . They even coached at grassroots level around the city .
“ His relationship grew to a point where , if it was down to him , he 'd have never left Liverpool , ” Balague suggests .
“ At Newcastle they have found the same sort of relationship with fans . They absolutely need that . ”
Benitez longed for another club as embedded in the fabric of its city as Liverpool .
Seemingly , they had their eyes trained on Newcastle for a sustained period .
“ He started talking about potential jobs that might come up in the summer , ” Smith explains , recalling a conversation with Benitez over a coffee just days after they were sacked by Real in January 2016 .
“ The job I said to them that would be the most intelligent was Southampton .
“ But even then they were absolutely fixated on Newcastle . He 'd obviously identified it , and this at a time when Newcastle were chaotic and in the bottom three , while Southampton were sixth .
“ But they kept saying : ‘ Newcastle is a bigger club . Newcastle is a bigger club . ' This was way before they were linked to them .
“ He was fixated on it and , this is supposition , but there must have been a time when they played at St James ' Park with Liverpool and thought : ‘ This is my kind of place . ' ”
Benitez once wrote : “ Liverpool fans still write to me to thank me , they say , for giving the club - and the fans - their pride back . ”
One day , Newcastle fans could well do the same . This Sunday , St James ' Park undoubtedly will unite in admiration for the Spaniard .
Eminem 's Best 2013-14 Live Performances .
1 . “ Rap God ” 2013 YouTube Music Awards
Eminem performs “ Rap God ” live at the first ever YouTube Music Awards in New York City . Created by James Larese . Live show director John Gonzalez . Presented by Kia . Produced by Sunset Lane Entertainment and VICE .
2 . ” Rap God ” Live At The MTV EMA 2013 In Amsterdam
Eminem made the trip overseas to take part in the 2013 MTV Europe Music Awards in Amsterdam this evening and performed their MMLP2 singles “ Berzerk ” and “ Rap God. ” In addition to rocking the stage in Duck Hunter camo Air Max 90s , Slim Shady took home the Best Hip Hop award and Global Icon award at the show .
3 . ‘ The Monster ' MTV Movie Awards 2014
Rihanna and Eminem teamed up on April 14 , 2014 at the MTV Movie Awards for an epic performance of their hit single , “ The Monster . ”
4 . 'Berzerk , Stan , Survival , Not Afraid ' Live on BBC Radio 1 .
Eminem performs Berzerk , Stan , Survival , Not Afraid to live at the BBC 's Maida Vale studios for Radio 1 in Nov.2013 .
5 . 'Berzerk ' Live on SNL 2013 .
Music video by Eminem performing Berzerk Live on SNL in Nov.2013 .
6 . 'My Name is , Forgot about Dre , Lose yourself ' The Beats Music Event 2014 .
Eminem performs My Name is , Forgot about Dre Featured Dr.Dre and Lose yourself at the Beats Music launch party in Los Angeles on Jan.2014 .
7 . 'Berzerk ' Live du Grand Journal 2013 .
Eminem performs live ‘ Berzerk ' , from their eigthth album ‘ The Marshall Mathers LP 2'on Dec.2013 ! The American rapper gave an amazing live performance on the set of the TV show “ Le Grand Journal ” on CANAL+ .
8 . 'Bad Guy ' Wembley Stadium 2014 .
Eminem Performs ‘ Bad Guy ' Intro Opening Act at Wembley Stadium on July 2014 .
9 . 'Berzerk ' The Jonathan Ross Show 2013 .
Eminem Performs ‘ Berzerk ' from their eigthth album ‘ The Marshall Mathers LP 2 ' Live On The Jonathan Ross Show on Nov.2013 .
10 . 106 & Park Backroom Freestyle 2013 .
Eminem and Slaughterhouse freestyle on 106 & Park The Backroom with Big Tigger and Just Blaze DJing on Nov.2013 .
SANAA ( Reuters ) - Fighters from the Shi'ite Muslim Houthi militia took over a special forces base in the capital and a coast guard station on the Red Sea on Wednesday , military sources said , in a sign the group was consolidating its dominant position .
A Houthi militia truck is seen at the yard of the Republican Palace in Sanaa February 25 , 2015 . Armed men from Yemen 's newly dominant Houthi group took over a special forces army base in the capital Sanaa early on Wednesday , soldiers there said . REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah
The clashes at the Sanaa base started late on Tuesday when the Houthis shelled the camp with heavy weapons . Fighting lasted around six hours , soldiers from the camp said , and at least 10 people were killed .
The troops had been trained and equipped by the United States as an elite counterterrorism unit during the rule of ex-president Ali Abullah Saleh , who was ousted by Arab Spring protests in 2011 , military sources told Reuters .
The Coast Guard post in the port city of Hodeidah was seized after moderate gunfire and military sources did not immediately confirm any casualties .
Houthi militiamen took control of Sanaa in September , eventually leading President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee to the southern port city of Aden this week where they are seeking to set up a rival power center with loyalist army units and tribes .
But the Houthis still have some of the military 's most powerful units on their side throughout most of Yemen 's north .
Tens of thousands of protesters marched in Sanaa on Wednesday to denounce Houthi rule . Security forces loyal to the group dispersed some of the crowds with tear gas and gunshots fired into the air .
For more than a decade the United States has watched with alarm as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula — the most powerful arm of the global militant group — has grown in Yemen as the political chaos has mounted .
The U.S. military trained and kitted out Yemeni soldiers under Saleh , and under Hadi the CIA has stepped up drone strikes aimed at killing suspected militants .
U.S. officials have expressed concern that the rule of the resolutely anti-American Shi'ite Muslim Houthis will harm their counterterrorism efforts in a country that shares a long border with Saudi Arabia , the world 's top oil exporter .
Yemen 's Sunni Gulf neighbors have decried the Houthi takeover as a coup , and the head of the Gulf Cooperation Council Abdullatif al-Zayyani arrived in Aden to meet Hadi on Wednesday , political sources there said .
The power struggle between the Houthis and Hadi casts more doubt on U.N.-sponsored talks to resolve Yemen 's crisis peacefully , and exacerbates sectarian and regional splits which may plunge the country into civil war .
The Houthis said on Tuesday that Hadi had lost their legitimacy as head of state and was being sought as a fugitive from justice .
In reversing a military tribunal 's determination that a Chinese detainee was an `` enemy combatant , '' a federal appeals court criticized the government 's evidence and compared its legal theories to a nonsensical 19th-century poem .
A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit wrote in a 39-page opinion released yesterday that tribunals and courts must be able to assess whether evidence is reliable before determining the fate of detainees .
That did not happen in the case of Huzaifa Parhat , a Chinese Uighur determined to be an enemy combatant by a tribunal that relied heavily on questionable evidence in classified documents , the appeals court found .
The ruling , the first successful appeal of a detainee 's designation as an enemy combatant , ordered the government to release , transfer or hold a new hearing for Parhat . The opinion was issued on June 20 and was declassified and released yesterday .
The opinion could have broad implications for scores of other detainees classified as enemy combatants by Combatant Status Review Tribunals . The opinion is also likely to guide federal judges weighing evidence in up-coming hearings .
Justice Department spokesperson Erik Ablin said in an e-mail yesterday that `` we are evaluating our options . '' Parhat 's lawyer , Susan Baker Manning , said the opinion shows that courts will not just accept `` the government 's say-so . ''
At issue was whether a military tribunal fairly weighed evidence that the government alleged linked Parhat to a group with purported ties to al-Qaeda and the Taliban .
Parhat , a member of the Muslim Uighur movement that is seeking a separate homeland in western China , left their country in May 2001 to avoid persecution , then lived in a camp in Afghanistan . After a U.S. airstrike , they and other Uighurs fled to Pakistan , where they eventually were handed over to U.S. authorities .
Parhat 's tribunal determined that they had not engaged in hostilities against the United States or its allies . But it concluded that they were an enemy combatant because they lived at the Afghan camp , which was allegedly run by the leader of a group tied to al-Qaeda and the Taliban , according to the appellate opinion .
The tribunal reached that conclusion based on evidence in classified documents that `` do not state ( or , in most instances , even describe ) the sources or rationales for those statements , '' the judges found .
The judges were particularly concerned with government assertions that the evidence was reliable because it was repeated in separate documents and that officials would not have included the information if it were not dependable .
`` Lewis Carroll notwithstanding , the fact the government has 'said it thrice ' does not make an allegation true , '' wrote Judge Merrick B. Garland , quoting from Carroll 's poem `` The Hunting of the Snark . ''
The panel , which included Chief Judge David B. Sentelle and Judge Thomas B. Griffith , also expressed skepticism about the evidence because the Chinese government may have supplied some of it .
`` Parhat has made a credible argument that -- at least for some of the assertions -- the common source is the Chinese government , which may be less than objective with respect to the Uighurs , '' Garland wrote .
Staff researcher Julie Tate contributed to this report .
CHINA has staked its claim to an entire sea with a show of force close to foreign shores .
AFP/GETTY WARPATH : The Liaoning carrier in the South China Sea and , inset , Chinese president Xi Jinping
The country 's sole aircraft carrier , the Liaoning , was sent deep into the disputed South China Sea . And whilst it was at it , it sailed menacingly close to Taiwan ; a self-governing island that China claims as its own . It comes only days after state-run media called for China to invade Taiwan , showing its “ resolution ” to “ recover [ it ] by force ” .
AFP NO NONSENSE : Chinese warplanes are seen taking off from the Liaoning over the South China Sea
“ We will never permit separatist forces to split Taiwan from China ” An Fengshan , Chinese government Beijing lays claim to some 90 % of the South China Sea , approximately 1,260,000 square miles of largely open water . Yet several other nations , including the Philippines , Vietnam , Indonesia and Taiwan , have claims of their own . It 's a dispute that exploded this year when an international tribunal ruled out Beijing 's demands in the South China Sea . At stake are waters believed to hold a wealth of untapped oil and gas reserves , through which trillions of dollars of trade passes .
China 's military READY for all-out war An inside view of the Chinese military over 120 years . 1 / 34 REUTERS Soldiers arrive for a military parade to commemorate the 90th anniversary of the foundation of China 's People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) at the Zhurihe military training base in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
Stunning photos show the Soviet-built Liaoning stalking the disputed waters , with fighter jets crowding its deck , some taking off and landing . Taiwan says the carrier , which led a group of warships , skirted waters near its air defence identification zone to the east and south . It 's a move that caused the island 's authorities to warn its people that `` the threat of our enemies is growing day by day ” . China has offered few details on the Liaoning 's mission , calling it a routine exercise in line with international law .
GETTY ISLAND NATION : Taiwan seen on a satellite photo of China
Tensions between Taiwan and China skyrocketed after US President-elect Donald Trump recently called the island 's leader , Tsai Ing-wen . Out of respect for Beijing , the US severed ties with the island nation back in 1979 , but Trump 's behaviour boosts the case for normalising relations . China is deeply suspicious of President Tsai , suspecting they want official independence , and has never renounced using force to bring Taiwan back under control . At a regular briefing , An Fengshan , spokesperson for China 's Taiwan Affairs Office , said China would make every effort to achieve `` peaceful reunification '' .
AFP SHOW OF FORCE : The carrier menaced Taiwan and defiantly drilled in disputed waters
`` At the same time , ” they told reporters , `` our position on maintaining the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity is unswerving . '' `` We will never permit Taiwan independence separatist forces to split Taiwan from China in any way or in any name , '' they added . Taiwan said today that the aircraft carrier had docked at a naval base in the southern Chinese province of Hainan . A senior Taiwanese official said the vessel had been testing its coordination with other military equipment .
AFP ALL HANDS ON DECK : The carrier was crowded with warplanes and helicopters
Phony Black Lady : “ If There Is No Justice , There Will Be NO PEACE ! ” = > VIDEO of Rachel Dolezal at Freddie Gray Protest
Phony black race hustler Rachel Dolezal stepped down as president of the Spokane NAACP this week after it was revealed that they were Caucasian .
Rachel Dolezal claimed they were black – but they are lily-white .
Now there 's this…
Crazy Rachel fired up a angry Baltimore mob to go out and riot for black power .
Baltimore Brew discovered that Dolezal spoke at a Freddie Gray protest in Baltimore .
“ I do n't know everyone here but I am from the other Washington . I just flew in this morning from Spokane , Washington . I 'm representing the Alaska , Oregon , Washington NAACP . I am the president of the Spokane NAACP in Washington state and this is the situation that is affecting us over in that state as well… This is something that has affected us nationwide and if there is no justice , there is no peace. “
Wow .
Via The Right Scoop :
January 4 , 2013
I HAVE read the book , seen the play several times , watched the 25th anniversary concert frequently and heard the album endlessly , but have never been able to quite figure out the attitude of playwright Alain Boublil toward revolution . So I went to see the movie .
I divide this review of Les Misérables into two sections with some general comments at the start and detailed observations about the film after a `` Plot Spoiler '' notice .
The film was great deal more real than the play , far more brutal right from the opening scene with convicts wrestling with a wayward ship to the views of the pitiful living conditions of the poor . The scene in the sewer is enough to turn your stomach .
The prostitutes are all hideous , none of Pretty Girl beautifying of prostitution , here .
The professional singers were amazing . Anne Hathaway nailed it as Fantine , in anguish as their hair is chopped away , their `` I Dreamed a Dream '' song delivered with a mixture of wistfulness and horror . Russell Crowe was OK. Obviously their singing voice is not Broadway quality , but they were believable as Javert , the cop with granite-like faith in the existing order at whose summit was God and the government .
Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway in Les Misérables
I was prepared not to like Thénardier because the role was played by the Sacha Baron Cohen ( for their nasty trick on Ayman Abu Aita ) and happily was not disappointed . Compared with versions on stage , they play the innkeeper much too low-key . Their wife , played by Helena Bonham Carter , was better , but the whole effect was grotesque rather than the comic . In the play , he 's a rogue , in the movie only a bastard .
The camera focused on individual singers from torso to head . Excellent . You could understand all the words to the songs and the song-like talking in between .
Victor Hugo wrote the book in the 1860s when they were in exile on the isle of Guernsey while France was ruled by Napoleon III . Hugo was a humanitarian not a revolutionary though they had been elected to the Legislative Assembly brought to power by the revolution of 1848 .
In Les Misérables , Hugo shows tremendous sympathy for the revolutionaries , but their book ends with Jean Valjean dying after convincing their daughter and son-in-law that the 600,000 francs they had hidden was gotten honestly ( from owning a factory ) .
Review : Movies Les Misérables , directed by Tom Hooper , starring Hugh Jackman , Russell Crowe and Anne Hathaway .
In 1871 , after Germany crushed Napoleon III 's army and the Republic was restored , Hugo returned to France . During the Paris Commune , they expressed their opposition to some of its leaders and left the country for Brussels to deal with the affairs of their son who had just died .
When the Commune was defeated and the Republic began massacring its survivors , Hugo spoke out and called for mercy , suggesting that Belgium offer sanctuary . A mob gathered around their home in Brussels yelling , `` Death to Victor Hugo ! Death to Jean Valjean ! '' Hugo was unharmed , though Belgian King Leopold ( genocidal murderer in the Congo ) had them expelled . Later Hugo made it back to France .
IN THE play , there 's a splendid moment just before intermission when the revolutionaries gather and start waving an enormous red flag . It 's just amazing in its power . The film does n't have that , but there was a very believable scene where , true to the book , the revolutionaries take over the funeral procession of General Lamarque and wave red flags among a few French flags .
The soldiers start shooting , and the barricades `` arise . '' Jean Maximilien Lamarque was a real person , a general under Napoleon who later became a `` leftist '' critic of the restored monarchy . After the revolution on 1830 , the new king , Louis Philippe , put them in charge of military forces to make sure that none of the old regime came back . Lamarque did this , but they also criticized the new king , which made them very popular with the lower classes .
The hero of the story is Jean Valjean , put in jail for stealing a loaf of bread , serving an extra 14 years for escapes and `` freed '' with a parole that made them a total pariah . He 's understandably bitter , but charity from a Catholic bishop makes them into a new man , determined to live their life for God .
The favorable views of the Catholic Church in the book , and even more so in the movie , are rather surprising . Victor Hugo steadily moved away from the Catholic Church . They became more or less a deist , believing in God but not in religion or ritual . When two of their sons died , they made sure there was no crucifix or priest and made the same plans for their own funeral .
The book ends with talk of an angel with huge wings preparing to take Valjean 's soul to heaven . The movie goes a lot further . Their soul gets an escort right from the bishop himself .
I 'll never forget how they manage the suicide of Javert in the play . They jump , and at the same time the stage managers pull the railing they were standing on straight up . Your breath is taken away at the illusion of them falling 20 or 30 feet into the river . In the film , they jump and you hear a realistic and terrible crunch when their body meets concrete , but it 's not nearly the same in its power .
SO WHAT about the revolution ? The book centers on Valjean , a person who just wants to be a good man , but is faced with a world of poverty , prejudice , cruel laws and pig-headed authorities . They just keeps on going , running from the police and the crooks . They do n't become a revolutionary but ends up inside the barricade trying to save their daughter 's boyfriend , Marius .
In the movie , they actually take part in the violence , warning about sharpshooters and I think shooting off a gun themselves at the forces of law and order . Their big moment , of course , is with Javert , convincing the revolutionaries that they would kill the spy , and then freeing Javert without any conditions . We 're all supposed to marvel at their goodness and , of course , Javert 's certitude starts crumbling at this point , leading on to their eventual suicide .
Viewing the movie , I started thinking about this act of mercy from the revolutionaries ' point of view . Here they have Javert who has just come back from the royalist army where they no doubt has told everything they know about the revolutionaries ' manpower , weapons and positions . They have come back with a cock-and-bull story about the army designed to leave open the revolutionary defenses .
So what does our hero do ? Valjean lets this spy go , knowing full well they will probably go back to their superiors and tell them what else they might have learned about the rebellion . So was Jean Valjean saintly in their mercy or treacherous in their granite-like humanity ?
After Valjean dies , in one of the final scenes , all the players ( except Javert ) are together on an immense barricade ( much larger than the one on the street ) with dozens of large French flags flying ( only one red flag though ) . Everyone is joining a new version of `` Do You Hear the People Sing , '' the revolutionary song that ends the first act .
What 's going on ? Is this support for the revolution ? Is it heaven ? Is it confusion ? Is it all three ?
Midway in the original `` Do You Hear the People Sing , '' the students say , `` There is a life about to start when tomorrow comes ! '' They are clearly talking about life on earth .
In the show 's `` Finale '' the melody is the same , but the message is mixed . For the wretched of the earth we are told , `` They will live again in freedom in the garden of the Lord . '' Is that literally Heaven or a heaven on earth like William Blake 's `` Jerusalem '' ?
The song ends with `` Will you join in our crusade ? Who will be strong and stand with me ? '' Combine that with what you see on screen -- a vision of the wretched of the earth triumphant at the barricade -- and your heart forgets the Hereafter and is thrilled with the spirit of rebellion . Intended or not , revolution triumphs .
Vive la France ! Vive la révolution !
Stanley Heller writes for EconomicUprising
Harry McCracken / TIME.com
Path — the Facebook-like social network which only wants you to connect with family and close friends , and which was designed for mobile devices from the ground up — is releasing a new version for iOS and Android today . It 's not exactly bursting with new features . Actually , it only has one addition : The ability to search your feed , pulling up photos , checkins and other stuff which you and your pals have posted in the past .
But boy , simply noting that Path now has search understates the significance of this upgrade . It 's a pretty remarkable search feature — one which might transform how you use the app and leave you wishing for similar capabilities in a bevy of other apps .
The new search field appears at the top of your Path home screen , and looks perfectly ordinary . But it 's not for standard Google-style querying of the text associated with past items .
Instead , Path calls on everything it knows about the items , including :
The location where you created them
The time of day
The people tagged in them
How your friends reacted to them , via smileys which express emotions such as surprise and amusement
The type of business establishments associated with them ( if you checked into an Italian restaurant , for instance )
All this knowledge lets Path handle some rather specific searches :
My funny photos in San Francisco
Boston in March
Hawaii in October
Dinner last Thursday
Marie birthday
Photos at sunset
Christmas last year
Videos of Madonna
Sushi ( and you can click an icon to restrict this , or any search , to items which you or other people entered near your present location )
The clever interface gives you some search suggestions ( such as “ Listening to music on the weekend ” and “ Happy thoughts ” ) which you can initiate with one tap , and updates them as you start to type .
Path already called itself a “ smart journal , ” but until now , everything you journaled tended to disappear into the forgotten past pretty quickly , since there was no efficient way to recall it . But all of a sudden , it 's easy to find a particular photo from a vacation you took awhile back . Or revisit all the moments you 've shared with a particular friend . Or choose a brunch spot by seeing where your friends have gone lately .
One quibble : I wish that items were more clearly timestamped , so you could see when they transpired at a glance . ( Date information only shows up as a pop-up label as you swipe through the search results . )
I 've been playing with a pre-release version of the new feature over the past day , and it all works well , and reasonably quickly . It makes me want to spend more time in Path . ( I 've gone through periods of heavy usage , and ones when it suffered as I concentrated on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram . )
You can use an import feature to suck items from Facebook , Foursquare and Instagram into Path ; they too become searchable . But this search is so well-done that I hope other apps with a sense of time , location , people and other specific elements of your activities draw shameless inspiration from it . Facebook 's Timeline would sure be a lot easier to explore if it had something similar .
Even before the new search feature launched , Path was a beautifully-designed and functional app ; its creators have done a better job of enabling Facebook-like features on a phone than Facebook has . ( They 've also limited your social network to 150 people in the interest of keeping it truly personal . ) Now it 's an even more inventive and inviting Facebook alternative .
If you download the app and do n't see the search feature right away , hold tight : Path says it 's going to roll it out incrementally , presumably to ensure that its servers do n't get crushed by too many Path fans revisiting their past moments all at once .
Film breakdown : The Redskins did in fact beat the Eagles with the `` sluggo route ''
Posted by Jimmy Kempski at 06:34:14 PM on November 18 , 2012
Last week , we broke down the Redskins ' 10 yard slant , which has been a staple of their offense all season . We noted that the Skins might try to take that slant to the next natural progression by trying to hit on a big play by running a `` slant and go '' ( or `` sluggo '' ) route . They did in fact run the sluggo , and it worked to the tune of a 61 yard TD pass to Santana Moss .
However , the Eagles , or more notably , Kurt Coleman , was not fooled . Here 's Moss beginning their route from the slot :
Moss then makes their cut and shows that he 's running a 10-yard slant :
Or not . Moss then cuts it upfield and has CB Brandon Boykin beat by a good 4 yards . However , Kurt Coleman , who was playing deep middle as the `` single high safety , '' is in great position to make a play :
Back in the pocket , QB Robert Griffin III had to elude an oncoming pass rusher which delayed their throw . This allowed Boykin to catch up to Moss as the ball is coming down . Boykin and Coleman have Moss bracketed :
But neither Boykin nor Coleman can make the play , as Moss hauls in the deep pass :
And they score :
This is n't bad coaching or bad scheme . It 's simply a 5'10 player on the other team making a play on a ball in the air , and the Eagles ... not .
You can follow Jimmy on Twitter at @ Jimmy_Beast .
Trackbacks
Current Comments
Jimmy- interesting blog on the game in D.C . It was great talking with you at the Rocket ! Husker fans never forget a friend !
Leave A Comment
The comments to this entry have been closed .
Image copyright AP Image caption Offshore wind turbines are to be constructed off the Caithness coast
The Scottish government has given the go-ahead to a major offshore wind farm development in the Outer Moray Firth .
The two neighbouring projects - from Moray Offshore Renewables Limited and Beatrice Offshore Windfarm Limited - involve a total of 326 turbines .
The Scottish government said the combined development off the Caithness coast would be the world 's third biggest offshore wind farm .
The project could generate electricity for more than a million homes .
If constructed , the scheme would have more turbines than the 175-turbine London Array .
It would also be the third largest in the world after the planned South Korea Electric Power scheme off the south-west coast of the Korean peninsula , and the Blekinge project in the Baltic Sea off Sweden . Each could generate 2.5 gigawatts of electricity .
Work for up to 4,600 people could be created at the peak of the construction of the turbines , and the combined scheme would be worth up to £2.5bn to the Scottish economy .
How big ? The Scottish government says that if constructed the Moray Firth projects would , combined , be the third biggest offshore wind farm in the world . Up to 326 turbines could generate enough power for more than a million homes .
The London Array is the world 's largest operational offshore wind farm . Its 175 turbines power about 500,000 homes .
SSE 's 140-turbine Greater Gabbard scheme generates electricity for 530,000 properties .
South Korea , above , and Sweden have proposed massive wind farms that could each generate 2.5GW . The Swedish Blekinge project involves between 350 to 700 turbines .
Energy Minister Fergus Ewing said the consents were subject to strict conditions , which include the need to monitor for impact on wildlife .
Mr Ewing said : `` Scotland has the potential to lead the development of an exciting , new renewables industry as offshore wind moves into deeper waters .
`` Offshore renewables represent a huge opportunity for Scotland , an opportunity to build up new industries and to deliver on our ambitious renewable energy and carbon reduction targets .
`` These wind farms alone could generate gross value worth up to £2.5bn over their lifetime and generate up to 4,600 jobs during peak construction and up to 580 once in operation . ''
Developer Moray Offshore Renewables welcomed the consent for what it called a `` significant '' generation project .
Joao Manso Neto , CEO of Moray Offshore Renewables partner EDP Renovaveis , said : `` This is a critical step not only in the delivery of this project , but in the development of offshore wind in deeper water , further from shore .
`` This project will provide the UK with a significant new generation resource at a time when many ageing thermal powerstations are coming off-line , generation capacity is shrinking , and gas prices are rising .
`` It will deliver improved security of supply , and greater insulation for consumers from volatile fossil fuel prices . ''
Environment group WWF Scotland has welcomed the government 's decision , but said measures would need to be taken to minimise the turbines ' impact on the marine environment .
Gina Hanrahan , climate and energy policy officer at WWF Scotland , said : `` Climate change is the biggest threat facing our oceans and seas globally , and is already impacting on Scotland 's marine environment .
`` It is therefore vital that we find ways to harness the clean energy that marine renewables , such as offshore wind , can provide .
`` Projects at this scale will also help to reduce costs , generate jobs , and investment opportunities while helping to keep the lights on . ''
Image copyright PA Image caption RSPB Scotland has raised concerns about the potential impact on seabirds
Dr Richard Dixon , director of Friends of the Earth Scotland , described the consents as `` great news for renewable energy in Scotland '' .
They added : `` These two schemes alone could provide 40 % of Scotland 's peak power needs on a windy day .
`` Offshore wind is relatively new in Scottish waters and these schemes will need careful monitoring as they are built and operated to ensure that the impacts on wildlife are minimised .
`` As a global leader , Scotland can create green electricity , reduce climate emissions and generate new jobs . ''
This is a really important step forward for the industry Lindsay Leask , Scottish Renewables
RSPB Scotland said it fully supported the development of offshore wind , but had serious concerns about the Moray Firth schemes .
Aedan Smith , head of planning and development , said : `` It is disappointing Scottish Ministers have decided to take such a risk with Scotland 's internationally important populations of seabirds .
`` We will be looking closely at the details of the consent over the next few days but we believe a smaller development could have provided very significant amounts of renewable energy with much less risk to marine wildlife . ''
The Scottish Fishermen 's Federation has asked that the fishing industry be kept fully informed on the project and other planned offshore developments .
Chief executive Bertie Armstrong said : `` Obviously , we would much prefer it if there was no interference in the traditional activities of our fishing fleet in harvesting a sustainable and much valued food resource .
`` However , accepting that such developments are going to happen over the coming years , it is absolutely essential that the fishing industry continues to be fully consulted during the complicated planning and licensing processes so that the impact of offshore renewables on fishing is mitigated to an acceptable degree . ''
'New jobs '
Scottish Renewables , which represents the renewables industry , said the consents were the first to be granted for a large-scale , combined commercial offshore wind farm in Scotland .
Senior policy manager Lindsay Leask said : `` This is a really important step forward for the industry , which has the potential to generate massive amounts of renewable power and support significant numbers of new jobs . ''
Three months ago , plans for a £5.4bn offshore wind farm off the coast of Tiree in the Inner Hebrides were dropped .
Scottish Power Renewables ( SPR ) announced it would not proceed with the Argyll Array scheme following technical and environmental site studies .
Social networking site Facebook was temporarily blocked in Thailand on Wednesday afternoon in an attempt by the country 's information technology ministry to stop anti-army protests being organised .
The online censorship follows digitial television stations such as BBC and CNN being taken off-air in the country soon after the military junta seized power in a coup nearly a week ago .
Browsers were unable to connect to Facebook via local providers in Bangkok . Credit : Reuters
The Bangkok Post claimed up to 30 million accounts across Thailand were affected by the Facebook outage , with users unable to access the site for around one and a half hours from 3pm local time .
Pictures posted online showed those who attempted to access the site on desktop or by mobile received the error message : ‘ ‘ Timed Out . Unable to connect to Facebook . Please check your internet connection and try again . ''
And now that it 's all said and done , what do we know ? About James W. von Brunn ? The 88-year-old racist who still has n't given up on hate after all these years and decided to attack the Holocaust Museum ?
Yeah , OK . They say blacks and Jews run the court system , but that only lets us know he 's crazy . Because brother if black people ran the court system I seriously doubt we 'd still be having all these discussions at this late date about why so many of us are stuck behind bars . As for us being partners with the Jews in running the court system… ?
Right . So anyway .
And then there 's the part about them being an artist . And a well-known terrorist who 's been on the radar for quite some time . And twice-divorced . And this and that and on and on .
But what do we know ?
We know nothing . Because in the end , when you really examine all the hastily assembled data thrown together by hasty reporters up against a hastydeadline to provide as much data as possible and more than the other guy in a competitive attempt to create the definitive Sketch of an American Terrorist , all we really have been that this MF was crazy . The end .
And except for like-minded crazies whose twisted , tortured gray matter happens to be processing the world on the same wave-length from another dimension , most of the rest of us ca n't even begin to fathom how this really works . Inside the mind of a James W. von Brunn . Because most of us are essentially normal , or at least that 's how we would be classified by this , our classification obsessed society ( what do you do ? where do you belong ? what do we call you ? ) . And so we do n't know how to do crazy real well because we just ai n't wired that way .
So was this the beginning of the Race War brought on by the election of an African American president ? Not to mention the pollution of the pristinely white gene pool and the negro-phication of the courts ?
Or was this simply one elderly , deranged lunatic howling at the moon ?
SHAMELESS PLUG : Read my wife 's blog @ The “ D ” Spot Redeux .
Advertisements
Share this : Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Posted in 1
Tags : Holocaust Museum , race relations , racism , white supremacy
TRUMP WAS RIGHT= > Unhinged Liberal Hacks on US Courts Put Americans in Danger
The Ninth Circuit Court ruled against President Trump and continued to block their travel ban on Thursday .
The Ninth Circuit is the most liberal court in the country — and is the most reversed court in the country .
Judge Richard R. Clifton , Judge William Canby and Judge Michelle T. Friedland from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
BREAKING : Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rules against President Trump ; travel ban remains blocked –FTR # ForTheRecord @ MSNBC — Greta Van Susteren ( @ greta ) February 9 , 2017
Trump was right about the Ninth Circuit Court .
And President Trump 's travel ban is very popular with the people .
But liberals support terrorists .
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump 's Most Popular Orders So Far ' pic.twitter.com/wAelwuQ4BE — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 8 , 2017
Trump also said this .
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should , we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled . Politics ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 8 , 2017
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone , even with bad intentions , can come into U.S. ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 4 , 2017
When a country is no longer able to say who can , and who can not , come in & out , especially for reasons of safety & .security – big trouble ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 4 , 2017
First daughter Sasha Obama is trying to add a bit of normalcy to their life as their father 's presidential career comes to a close . The youngest Obama recently started working at Nancy 's , a seafood restaurant on Martha 's Vineyard .
Working under their full legal name Natasha , the 15-yearold has been rotating through several shifts at the seafood joint . They have worked the cash register at the take out window , bussed tables and completed preparation side work before the restaurant opens .
The Obamas often frequented the restaurant during their annual vacations to Martha 's Vineyard . In fact , the president is friends with the owner , Joe Moujabber , which is how the first daughter was able to land the job .
Although Sasha has attempted to be a normal teen with a cool summer gig , the presence of their Secret Service detail has quickly reminded people that they are everything but “ normal. ” Six Secret Service agents sat outside the restaurant in a large Suburban SUV while they worked inside and some sat on the takeout benches while Sasha took take-out orders .
Other employees of the restaurant quickly noticed something was a little different when they showed up for work this week .
“ We were wondering why there were six people helping this girl , but then we found out who it was , ” said a server at Nancy 's . “ She 's been hosting , serving and working takeout . We 're happy to have them It will probably be good for business . ”
A few customers even noticed the new employee .
“ There was someone there helping her , they are n't that good at it , ” said Tyler , a customer . “ I had to tell them my order a few times. ” Tyler eventually asked for a photo with Sasha , but they stuck with the work rules and politely told him , “ No , I ca n't . ”
The rest of the Obamas are due to arrive on Martha 's Vineyard on Saturday to start their vacation . Some believe once the family arrives , Sasha 's short stint at Nancy 's will come to an end .
A Calgary restaurant is appealing for help to find a man who stole two rare Japanese maple trees in the early hours of Monday morning while out walking their dog .
Security camera footage from the newly-opened Royale Brasserie shows the man uprooting two decorative trees from two large planters on a deserted 17 Avenue S.W . around 3 a.m. on Monday .
The man has their Jack Russell dog on a leash .
Devin Morrison , director of operations at the brasserie , posted security footage to an Instagram account .
`` I started laughing out loud at first . I 've never seen anything like this . To see that little dog being dragged around was priceless , '' says Morrison .
`` We had a very cool florist we worked with who drove to B.C . to pick those trees up . They 're very difficult to find and very valuable . ''
Morrison says he 's offering an all-expenses paid night out on the town for anyone with information who can help get their trees returned .
The interior of the Royale Brasserie . A thief made off with two expensive Japanese maple trees from the front of the building overnight Monday . ( Royale Brasserie )
They have n't involved the police , but hopes the video shames the thief into doing the right thing .
`` It seems like maybe they live in the neighbourhood , and I do n't know how many little Jack Russells there are walking around here . ''
Morisson says the moral support , especially from other restaurants in the city , has been overwhelming .
They say it 's unfortunate to lose their prized trees , but the response on social media has turned out to be a lot of fun .
Coming Soon
Tiffany Haddish Stand Up Special
Tiffany Haddish brings their brash , barrier-breaking brand of comedy to Netflix with an exclusive one-hour stand-up special .
The Spy
This drama series tells the astonishing true story of Israel 's most prominent spy , Eli Cohen , who infiltrated the Syrian government in the 1960s .
Daybreak
Navigating a post-apocalyptic world full of zombies and Mad Max-style gangs , a teenage outcast searches for their lost love in this humorous drama series .
Crime Diaries : The Candidate
Dramatization of Mexican presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio 's 1994 assassination . Part of an anthology on unsolved crimes in Latin America .
The Highwaymen
The untold story of the detectives who brought down Bonnie and Clyde comes to life in this crime drama starring Woody Harrelson and Kevin Costner .
If I Had n't Met You
Eduard , a husband and father who loses their family in a tragic accident , travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for their beloved wife .
Flinch
Faced with various frightening and uncomfortable events , contestants in this game show had better not flinch -- or they 'll suffer painful consequences .
Beats
An agoraphobic hip-hop prodigy and a disgraced former music manager cross paths in Chicago 's South Side and help each other face demons of their pasts .
Local business leaders are lining up for a shot to bring a Major League Soccer team to the Valley . But much like when a European soccer powerhouse comes stateside to take on the hometown favorite , the odds are stacked against them .
The Valley Industry & Commerce Association is working to gather support for the effort , but there are a number of significant challenges , including locations for a stadium and the low profile of the Valley .
The Sherman Oaks group is specifically focused on Chivas USA , which was established by the league 10 years ago as the American outpost of a popular Mexican club . But the team never really caught on .
“ It is certainly an uphill battle , ” acknowledged VICA President Stuart Waldman . “ One of the problems is that there 's a thought that MLS teams should be in downtown areas . But the Valley is n't Frisco , Texas . We 've got to change the thought process of people . ”
Read the full story in the Sept. 22 edition of the Business Journal .
Power Play - If people wonder what is wrong with politics in this country they might have found the answer at the funeral of former Council of Trade Unions secretary Peter Conway .
Photo : SUPPLIED
Mr Conway was widely respected not just within the union movement but also by employers and politicians from across the political spectrum .
Among all the tributes to Mr Conway , and there were many , one comment stood out .
Mr Conway was said to have described their own approach as a trade unionist as `` being soft on people , but hard on issues '' .
What has that got to do with the way politics is practised in New Zealand ?
Unfortunately here most politicians , but not all , practise the reverse .
Politics in this country is hard on people but soft on issues . As a result what should be serious policy debates often denigrate into political and personal points scoring . That often deters or alienates people who would , but for the `` hard on people '' approach to politics , have significant contribution to make to Parliament .
Mr Conway , who operated on the edges of that political world as they argued the case for working people , no doubt found that difficult .
First as the CTU economist , then as its secretary they were an eloquent participant in the country 's economic debate .
Their approach to economics differed markedly from that of the bank economists who tend to hog most headlines in this country .
They believed the economy was meant to work for people , not the other way around .
But while Mr Conway engaged unfailingly in reasoned debate about issues they believed important to the wellbeing of working people and others , too often in Parliament the debate is all about scoring points and attacking political opponents .
In the atmosphere which exists at 1 Bowen St the political game and how it is played becomes all important .
It is exemplified in how political leaders are judged . Most leaders are not judged on the substance of what they say but how they say it .
Perversely for politicians honesty and openness to new ideas are often weaknesses to be exploited by their political opponents .
Think of Labour leader Andrew Little 's recent musings about superannuation . They quickly abandoned any suggestion they might be open to new thinking .
Sticking to a consistent line is all important even if it is not in the long-term interests of the very voters politicians represent .
And being truthful will often get politicians into difficulty .
This is not to say politicians are all liars as regularly portrayed in the news media . But the political system does not encourage truthfulness .
Nor is the news media free of blame . Politics is too often reported as sport where winning or losing is the most important aspect . The tactics of the teams , read parties , are analysed but the substance of the debate often overlooked .
Reporters love to catch out politicians on a lie . Yet when they are truthful they are more often than not depicted as naive in the news media .
Politicians can not win either way . Lie and be lampooned . Tell the truth and be ridiculed by not just the media but by your political opponents and , often , your own side as well for being politically inept .
It is an approach to politics which does not necessarily promote reasoned debate .
To be fair it is not solely a New Zealand problem . All western countries indulge in the same political shenanigans , more often then not exacerbated by the influence of political strategists and marketers and the overwhelming use of public relations puffery .
No wonder voter participation , particularly among young voters , is on the wane .
So what does this have to do with Peter Conway ?
In their role as economist and then secretary of the CTU Mr Conway had no interest in the banal game playing which accompanies much of the country 's political discourse .
They were soft on people and hard on issues .
Mr Conway 's focus - obsession almost - in the policy debates in which they engaged was to consider the effect any particular initiative would have on people , particularly the working people the CTU represented .
They never got so bogged down by the political games , even if they were frustrated by them , to lose sight of that .
Politicians of all stripes , and journalists too , should take note .
Follow Brent Edwards on Twitter @ rnzgallerybrent
Meanwhile , companies that do require single supplements are dropping some of them here and there . In March , Zegrahm Expeditions eliminated the single supplement on three of its 2015 trips : a circumnavigation of the Black Sea ; a visit to India , Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; and a circumnavigation of South Georgia Island . Another operator , Tauck , did away with the single supplements on category 1 cabins on its European river cruises for 2015 .
One does n't have to set sail to score a solo bargain , however . In April , the on-demand car service Uber sent customers an email before a San Francisco Giants game that said , “ If you 're headed to today 's game solo , or even with one friend , opt for uberPOOL . UberPOOL will match you with a rider going to a similar destination , and get you there for $ 7 or less. ” ( UberPOOL is available in a few major cities including New York . )
It 's becoming par for the course for online travel agents and review sites like Orbitz and TripAdvisor to include search filters for singles and solo travel . Hotels have yet to make many strides , though a few , including the Westin New York Grand Central , have gotten creative . In July the hotel offered what was seemingly the first getaway package from a major American hotel brand directed at solo female travelers without children . It included a consultation about healthful eating with the hotel 's executive chef and discounted yoga classes . The hotel 's website described it as “ a memorable experience for guests traveling with friends or recharging on their own . ”
Cath Cole , 42 , who runs a fund-raising consultancy in Britain and has been on several trips with Solos Vacations to places as varied as Turkey and Northampton , England , first traveled solo with the company to shake off work stress with a week in the sun in the Dominican Republic .
“ I was single at the time and none of my friends could get away , ” they said . “ Being self-employed , I often get holiday time at late notice and many of my friends ca n't be flexible , so whether I 'm in a relationship or not , I still consider Solos . It 's not the dating scene everyone who has n't been thinks it is . Sure , some people get together , but that 's not what it 's about . It 's about independent travelers , not dating holidays. ” ( Solos Vacations attendees can be as young as 25 , Mr. Williams said , but on average are about 55 . )
Ms. Cole is one of countless women who travel by themselves . At Overseas Adventure Travel , for instance , 80 percent of solo travelers are women .
“ Looking back , the one thing I wish I 'd known was not to be so nervous the first time , ” Ms. Cole said . “ The best part is definitely the people you meet , even the ones you do n't stay in touch with , because they are what make the holiday . I 've become Facebook friends with a number of them and still meet up with one or two of the ones I clicked with the best . ”
New Delhi : Seeking `` justice and equality for Muslim women '' , a Muslim group has demanded a ban on polygamy and has sought compulsory registration of marriages to secure equality and dignity to Muslim women .
In a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , the Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan ( BMMA ) said that Indian Muslims needed to have their own codified personal law `` which ensures equality and dignity to Muslim women '' .
`` Almost all Muslim countries the world over such as Morocco , Tunisia , Turkey , Egypt , Jordan and even Bangladesh and Pakistan have codified personal laws governing marriage and family matters , '' the group said .
`` Thanks to the self-appointed conservative leaders , Indian Muslims are denied this opportunity . As a result , we see instances of triple talaq and polygamy in our society , '' it said .
About three weeks ago , Supreme Court judges Anil Dave and Adarsh Kumar Goel asked the National Legal Services Authority of India to reply by November 23 whether gender discrimination suffered by Muslim women should not be considered a violation of the fundamental rights under articles 14 , 15 and 21 of the constitution and international covenants .
The letter to Modi said that from the Shah Bano case in 1985 , Muslim women had never been heard in matters concerning their lives `` thanks to the politics in our country . ''
`` Certain orthodox and patriarchal males have dominated the debate on rights of Muslim women and have stone-walled any attempt towards reform in Muslim personal law .
`` In the process , the Muslim women have been denied their Quranic rights as well as their rights as equal Indian citizens , '' it said .
It said justice for Indian Muslim women can be enabled through amendments to the Shariat Application Act , 1937 , and the Dissolution of Muslim Marriages Act , 1939 or a completely new enactment of Muslim personal law .
It said the minimum age of marriage of girl should be 18 years and for boy , 21 years . Consent of both parties must be obtained without force or fraud .
It said polygamy should be declared illegal , and both mother and father must be declared natural guardians of the child .
In property matters , Quranic shares must be applied after making a will and clearing debts , it said , adding that daughters must get equal share as sons .
It also said that the Qazi should be held accountable for violations during 'talaq ' , polygamy and such other matters
The letter urged Modi `` to take into account the constitutional rights of Muslim women as well as their opinions towards equality and justice in any further legal measures that your government may decide to pursue '' .
Copies of the letter have also been sent to Law Minister Sadananda Gowda , Minister of State for Minorities Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi , National Commission for Women chair Lalitha Kumaramangalam and the Law Commission of India .
IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Share . Looking for some scares this season ? Check out our sinister suggestions , currently available on Netflix , Amazon Prime , and Hulu . Looking for some scares this season ? Check out our sinister suggestions , currently available on Netflix , Amazon Prime , and Hulu .
'T is the season for mass consumption of horror flicks , and with more movies than ever now ready to stream at the click of a button we thought we 'd work up a quick and dirty Halloween list of some great , scary films out there for you to add to your wicked watch list .
If you already subscribe to Netflix , Amazon Prime , or Hulu , here 's a humble mix of picks from the past 40 years of ferocious fright - an assortment of terror that ranges from 17th century chillers to child vampires to satanic spaceships . If you 're in the mood for maniacs , monsters and mayhem , then get ready to couch it this Halloween and do some sinister streaming .
The Witch ( 2015 )
On Amazon Prime Video
Get ready to live deliciously as 2015 's The Witch both shocked and soared with a slow-burn story about a vulnerable exiled family in 17th century New England who fall victim to a dark presence lurking in the woods surrounding their homestead . Masterfully unsettling , The Witch also features a star-making turn from young Anya Taylor-Joy . It 's a modern must-watch .
Hellraiser ( 1987 )
On Netflix
Master of ( body ) horror Clive Barker adapted and directed this carnage-filled puzzle box of a film from their own short story , The Hellbound Heart . In Hellraiser , a rare artifact holds the key to an alternate dimension of supposed carnal pleasures - you , know if your kink is getting your flesh almost immediately being ripped apart by freaky `` Cenobites , '' including ringleader ( and face of the franchise ) Pinhead .
Let the Right One In ( 2008 )
On Amazon Prime Video
Taking place in the 1980s Stockholm , Sweden , the unique and eerie Let the Right One In tells the story of a lonely , bullied 12-year-old boy who develops a deep friendship with the mysterious new girl next door . Spawning an immediate American adaptation ( 2010 's Let Me In ) , the film 's simple story touched our hearts while still providing an ample amount of terror .
Event Horizon ( 1997 )
On Netflix
Looking for a harrowing haunted house flick ? How about a journey into the cosmos for a `` things that go bump '' spaceship story starring Laurence Fishburne and Sam Neill . Paul Anderson 's Event Horizon takes an unsuspecting rescue crew onto the bridge of a deep space exploration craft that has mysteriously returned after vanishing for seven years . Where did the ship go ? Why , deepest and darkest hell , of course .
Carrie ( 1976 )
On Hulu and Amazon Prime Video
Skip the 2013 remake ( seriously ) and stick with the Brian Del Palma original that garnered Academy Award nominations for both Sissy Spacek and Piper Laurie . Famous for its bloodcurdling final scenes , Carrie , adapted from a Stephen King novel , tells the tale of an outcast girl -- suffering abuse at both high school and home -- who discovers that she 's developing telekinetic powers .
The Descent ( 2005 )
On Hulu with Showtime Subscription
Written and directed by Neil Marshall ( helmer of Game of Thrones ' `` Blackwater '' and `` The Watchers on the Wall '' ) , The Descent is a primal and claustrophobic journey into the caves of Appalachia where a group of spelunking friends uncover a bloodthirsty species of subterranean monsters that proceed to hunt them through the uncharted tunnels . It 's unrelenting and will knock your breath out .
Wes Craven 's New Nightmare ( 1994 )
On Netflix
Ditching continuity for its seventh film , New Nightmare took the Freddy Krueger saga out of the world of the movies and into `` real life '' for a meta-slasher story that involved the makers and stars of the franchise being stalked and killed by their own creation , Krueger , who had somehow crossed over into our world . With an updated look and tone for Freddy , and the return of creator Wes Craven at the helm , New Nightmare still stands apart as daring experiment that 's both fun and frightening .
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN and a member of the Television Critics Association ( TCA ) . Follow them on Twitter at @ TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/MattBFowler .
Ex-attorney general gives new evidence stating they were repeatedly shut out of crucial talks ahead of decision on lawfulness of Iraq invasion
Tony Blair repeatedly shut out their government 's chief legal adviser from crucial talks about the legality of an invasion of Iraq , evidence released by the Chilcot inquiry tonight reveals .
Lord Goldsmith , then attorney general , records how they were `` no longer actively consulted '' after warning Blair face-to-face five months before Britain joined US-led military action that an invasion would be in breach of international law .
In a written statement to the inquiry , Goldsmith describes how they were kept out of the loop by some of the-then prime minister 's closest advisers in Downing Street and by Jack Straw , then foreign secretary , after meeting Blair on 22 October 2002 . `` My advice was not sought '' about UN negotiating tactics , they write . They add : `` I was not being sufficiently involved in the meetings and discussions about the [ UN ] resolution and the policy behind it that were taking place at ministerial level . ''
Goldsmith was kept out of the high-level discussions despite their office telling Sir David Manning , Blair 's foreign policy adviser , on the day after the 22 October 2002 meeting that `` it will be important for the attorney to be kept closely informed of developments '' . Goldsmith 's new statement was released by the Chilcot inquiry in advance of Blair 's second appearance before the five-member panel on Friday .
Documents already released by the inquiry – after Blair first gave evidence a year ago – showed how Goldsmith warned of the consequences of invading Iraq without fresh UN authority on 30 January 2003 , the eve of Blair 's final pre-war meeting with George Bush in Washington .
The document contains a handwritten note by Manning , warning : `` Clear advice from attorney on need for further resolution . '' Blair scrawled in the margin : `` I just do n't understand this . '' In their statement released tonight , Goldsmith described how Jonathan Powell , Blair 's chief of staff , was one of those who discouraged them from giving their advice on the legality of military action . `` I was told that I was not being called on to give advice at this stage [ October 2002 ] , '' Goldsmith says .
Goldsmith has criticised Blair for publicly suggesting Britain could attack Iraq without fresh UN backing despite receiving clear legal advice to the contrary .
Goldsmith also makes clear that Blair was wrong when they told the Commons on 15 January 2003 that a fresh UN resolution was not needed if a country imposed an `` unreasonable veto '' . That , too , was `` incompatible '' with the advice they had given the prime minister , they say.Early in February 2003 , Blair told BBC2 's Newsnight programme they would consider action if a UN security council member – a reference to France – `` unreasonably '' vetoed a new resolution . Asked by the Chilcot inquiry whether Blair 's words were compatible with the advice they received , Goldsmith replies : `` No . '' They add that they were `` uncomfortable '' about public `` statements '' being made by Blair .
By 7 March , after visiting Bush administration lawyers in Washington , Goldsmith told Blair that a new UN resolution might not be needed after all , though war without one would risk Britain 's indictment before an international court .
Admiral Michael Boyce , then chief of the defence staff , who has also been summoned back to the inquiry to give further evidence , demanded `` unequivocal '' advice that an invasion was lawful .
Documents released tonight include a letter from Goldsmith 's office to Matthew Rycroft , then a close aide to Blair , saying : `` The attorney general understands that it is unequivocally the prime minister 's view that Iraq has committed further material breaches [ of UN resolutions ] but as this is a judgment for the prime minister , the attorney would be grateful for confirmation that this is the case . ''
The next day , 15 March 2003 , Rycroft told the attorney 's office that `` it is indeed the prime minister 's unequivocal view … `` Critics of Goldsmith , including many senior British lawyers , say that the attorney passed the buck by asking for Blair for their judgment in such a way .
Goldsmith tells Chilcot that on 13 March they reflected `` on the position … and concluded that the better view was that there was a lawful basis for the use of force without a further [ UN ] resolution '' . On 17 March , Goldsmith published a short note saying an invasion was lawful .
Documents published by the inquiry last night include a note from Straw to Blair days before Blair met Bush at the president 's Crawford ranch in Texas in April 2002 , nearly a year before the invasion . They warned Blair : `` The rewards from your visit to Crawford will be few ... there is at present no majority inside the PLP for any military action against Iraq . ''
Straw warned of two legal `` elephant traps '' .
They said `` regime change per se is no justification for military action '' , and `` the weight of legal advice here is that a fresh [ UN ] mandate may well be required '' .
Despite the warnings , a previously leaked briefing paper for a meeting of the war cabinet in July 2002 states : `` When the prime minister discussed Iraq with President Bush at Crawford in April they said that the UK would support military action to bring about regime change . ''
A spokesperson for Tony Blair said last night : `` The basis [ for military action ] was that given in the attorney general 's advice which they have confirmed in the statement published today .
What Peter Goldsmith 's statement does is make it categorically clear that there was a proper legal basis for the military action taken . '' The spokesperson referred to Goldsmith 's admission in their statement that their later legal advice constituted a `` green light '' for military action .
Stephen Curry getting overlooked by college recruiters is a well-documented story , but their marketing is also an against-all-odds tale , one that comes full circle as they pick up the 2015 NBA MVP award .
Two years ago , Nike had a chance to pay Curry a lot of money and lock them up for the future . After offering less than $ 2.5 million a year , Nike had a second chance -- this time to match Under Armour 's new offer . Unsure that Curry would ever be able to sell signature shoes , Nike let them go .
Curry remembers the moment but does n't talk much about it , choosing today to focus more on the company that did believe in him , the company that did pay them what they were worth ( and is now getting a bargain ) .
Today , Curry is a star . Their Under Armour `` Curry One , '' which debuted around the NBA All-Star Game in February , is giving more credibility to the brand at retail than any endorser , across all sports , it has ever had .
The initial colorways of the shoe are essentially sold out , save for sizes 14 , 15 and 16 , and it 's easily the best-selling item on the company 's website .
`` It 's one of the hottest shoes in basketball , '' said Adam Peake , Under Armour 's executive vice president of global marketing . `` And they 're selling from kids sizes all the way up to adults . There are 450 players in the NBA and we 're proud that the one MVP has our shoes on their feet . ''
At Foot Locker , Curry 's shoes have become Under Armour 's first must-have shoe for a certain demographic .
`` Stephen has that unique blend , '' said Jed Berger , the company 's vice president of marketing . `` On the court , they play basketball like it 's a video game and someone young players can , and want to , emulate because of their size , handle , shot , strong work ethic and basketball IQ . Off the court , their humility , authenticity and leadership style are qualities that fans of all ages appreciate and respect . We 've seen the love for Stephen first-hand in feedback from our marketing campaigns , and in the way consumers have responded to their first signature sneaker . ''
Curry finished the regular season No . 2 in NBA jersey sales behind only LeBron James , but he 's the top-selling NBA player since January on Fanatics.com , the largest licensed online sports retailer . He 's the top-selling NBA player on the site in 36 states during the playoffs and their gear has been bought in all 50 states since the playoffs began .
For any company that wants to jump on the Curry train , time is running out . They have deals with Degree , Express , State Farm and Muscle Milk , and recently signed on with JBL to endorse its headphones .
In an ultracompetitive category , Ralph Santana , chief marketing officer for Harman , JBL 's parent company , said Curry delivers the authenticity the brand is always looking for .
`` Just like our deals with musicians and artists , Steph is genuine about their love for our product , '' Santana said . `` That connection , along with their passion , is what makes them perfect for us . ''
Curry has thrived , both on and off the court , in their role as an underdog . Being named the league MVP means no one will overlook them on the hardwood or on Madison Avenue ever again .
`` LEP '' redirects here . For other uses , see LEP ( disambiguation )
The Large Electron–Positron Collider ( LEP ) was one of the largest particle accelerators ever constructed .
It was built at CERN , a multi-national centre for research in nuclear and particle physics near Geneva , Switzerland . LEP collided electrons with positrons at energies that reached 209 GeV . It was a circular collider with a circumference of 27 kilometres built in a tunnel roughly 100 m ( 300 ft ) underground and passing through Switzerland and France . LEP was used from 1989 until 2000 . Around 2001 it was dismantled to make way for the LHC , which re-used the LEP tunnel . To date , LEP is the most powerful accelerator of leptons ever built .
Collider background [ edit ]
LEP was a circular lepton collider – the most powerful such ever built . For context , modern colliders can be generally categorized based on their shape ( circular or linear ) and on what types of particles they accelerate and collide ( leptons or hadrons ) . Leptons are point particles and are relatively light . Because they are point particles , their collisions are clean and amenable to precise measurements ; however , because they are light , the collisions can not reach the same energy that can be achieved with heavier particles . Hadrons are composite particles ( composed of quarks ) and are relatively heavy ; protons , for example , have a mass 2000 times greater than electrons . Because of their higher mass , they can be accelerated to much higher energies , which is the key to directly observing new particles or interactions that are not predicted by currently accepted theories . However , hadron collisions are very messy ( there are often lots of unrelated tracks , for example , and it is not straightforward to determine the energy of the collisions ) , and therefore more challenging to analyze and less amenable to precision measurements .
A section of the LEP Particle beam tube
The shape of the collider is also important . High energy physics colliders collect particles into bunches , and then collide the bunches together . However , only a very tiny fraction of particles in each bunch actually collide . In circular colliders , these bunches travel around a roughly circular shape in opposite directions and therefore can be collided over and over . This enables a high rate of collisions and facilitates collection of a large amount of data , which is important for precision measurements or for observing very rare decays . However , the energy of the bunches is limited due to losses from synchrotron radiation . In linear colliders , particles move in a straight line and therefore do not suffer from synchrotron radiation , but bunches can not be re-used and it is therefore more challenging to collect large amounts of data .
As a circular lepton collider , LEP was well suited for precision measurements of the electroweak interaction at energies that were not previously achievable .
History [ edit ]
When the LEP collider started operation in August 1989 it accelerated the electrons and positrons to a total energy of 45 GeV each to enable production of the Z boson , which has a mass of 91 GeV . [ 1 ] The accelerator was upgraded later to enable production of a pair of W bosons , each having a mass of 80 GeV . LEP collider energy eventually topped at 209 GeV at the end in 2000 . At a Lorentz factor ( = particle energy/rest mass = [ 104.5 GeV/0.511 MeV ] ) of over 200,000 , LEP still holds the particle accelerator speed record , extremely close to the limiting speed of light . At the end of 2000 , LEP was shut down and then dismantled in order to make room in the tunnel for the construction of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) .
Operation [ edit ]
LEP , now on display at the old RF cavity from , now on display at the Microcosm exhibit at CERN
LEP was fed with electrons and positrons delivered by CERN 's accelerator complex . The particles were generated and initially accelerated by the LEP Pre-Injector , and further accelerated to nearly the speed of light by the Proton Synchrotron and the Super Proton Synchrotron . From there , they were injected into the LEP ring .
As in all ring colliders , the LEP 's ring consisted of many magnets which forced the charged particles into a circular trajectory ( so that they stay inside the ring ) , RF accelerators which accelerated the particles with radio frequency waves , and quadrupoles that focussed the particle beam ( i.e . keep the particles together ) . The function of the accelerators was to increase the particles ' energies so that heavy particles can be created when the particles collide . When the particles were accelerated to maximum energy ( and focused to so-called bunches ) , an electron and a positron bunch were made to collide with each other at one of the collision points of the detector . When an electron and a positron collide , they annihilate to a virtual particle , either a photon or a Z boson . The virtual particle almost immediately decays into other elementary particles , which are then detected by huge particle detectors .
Detectors [ edit ]
The Large Electron–Positron Collider had four detectors , built around the four collision points within underground halls . Each was the size of a small house and was capable of registering the particles by their energy , momentum and charge , thus allowing physicists to infer the particle reaction that had happened and the elementary particles involved . By performing statistical analysis of this data , knowledge about elementary particle physics is gained . The four detectors of LEP were called Aleph , Delphi , Opal , and L3 . They were built differently to allow for complementary experiments .
ALEPH [ edit ]
ALEPH stands for Apparatus for LEP PHysics at CERN . The detector determined the mass of the W-boson and Z-boson to within one part in a thousand . The number of families of particles with light neutrinos was determined to be 7000298200000000000♠2.982±0.013 , which is consistent with the standard model value of 3 . The running of the quantum chromodynamics ( QCD ) coupling constant was measured at various energies and found to run in accordance with perturbative calculations in QCD . [ 2 ]
DELPHI [ edit ]
DELPHI stands for DEtector with Lepton , Photon and Hadron Identification .
OPAL [ edit ]
OPAL stands for Omni-Purpose Apparatus for LEP . The name of the experiment was a play , as some of the founding members of the scientific collaboration which first proposed the design had previously worked on the JADE detector at DESY in Hamburg . [ 3 ] OPAL was a general-purpose detector designed to collect a broad range of data . Its data were used to make high precision measurements of the Z boson lineshape , perform detailed tests of the Standard Model , and place limits on new physics . The detector was dismantled in 2000 to make way for LHC equipment . The lead glass blocks from the OPAL barrel electromagnetic calorimeter are currently being re-used in the large-angle photon veto detectors at the NA62 experiment at CERN .
L3 [ edit ]
L3 was another LEP experiment . [ 4 ] Its enormous octagonal magnet return yoke remained in place in the cavern and became part of the ALICE detector for the LHC .
Results [ edit ]
The results of the LEP experiments allowed precise values of many quantities of the Standard Model—most importantly the mass of the Z boson and the W boson ( which were discovered in 1983 at an earlier CERN collider , the Proton-Antiproton Collider ) to be obtained—and so confirm the Model and put it on a solid basis of empirical data .
A not quite discovery of the Higgs boson [ edit ]
Near the end of the scheduled run time , data suggested tantalizing but inconclusive hints that the Higgs particle of a mass around 115 GeV might have been observed , a sort of Holy Grail of current high-energy physics . The run-time was extended for a few months , to no avail . The strength of the signal remained at 1.7 standard deviations which translates to the 91 % confidence level , much less than the confidence expected by particle physicists to claim a discovery , and was at the extreme upper edge of the detection range of the experiments with the collected LEP data . There was a proposal to extend the LEP operation by another year in order to seek confirmation , which would have delayed the start of the LHC . However , the decision was made to shut down LEP and progress with the LHC as planned .
For years , this observation was the only hint of a Higgs Boson ; subsequent experiments until 2010 at the Tevatron had not been sensitive enough to confirm or refute these hints . [ 5 ] Beginning in July 2012 , however , the ATLAS and CMS experiments at LHC presented evidence of a Higgs particle around 125 GeV , [ 6 ] and strongly excluded the 115 GeV region .
See also [ edit ]
Many Russians are having a good chuckle these days at the state of Western society as the long list of sexual violence and harassment claims against prominent American men grows by the day .
The notion that there 's something shamefully wrong , misogynistic or potentially criminal about a man exerting their wealth or power over women has struck many Russians as a big `` so what . ''
And in many cases , those gaffawing the loudest are Russian women .
Actress Lyubov Tolkalina told an online news site 'If you get the role , what does it matter what you had to do to get it ? ' ( Kristina Nikishina/Getty Images )
Take actor Lyubov Tolkalina , a 39-year-old veteran of stage and screen who spoke to the online news site Medusa .
`` If you get the role , what does it matter what you had to do to get it ? '' she 's quoted as saying .
`` How can you actually blame a man for sexual harassment ? '' they continued .
`` Is n't that why they were created in the first place ? If they have power that they use this way , that 's fine . ''
Object of mockery
Another Russian actor , 32-year-old Agniya Kuznetsova , chimed in with a blame-the-victim sentiment .
In reference to the scores of Hollywood actores who 've come forward with allegations against film directors and producers , she 's quoted as telling Medusa `` they got what they wanted . ''
`` And actores here [ in Russia ] , '' they continued , `` are happy to agree to all sorts of propositions . ''
Agniya Kuznetsova says actores in Russia 'are happy to agree to all sorts of propositions . ' ( Mikhail Popov/thebestphotos.ru )
On late-night Russian TV , the topic of sexual harassment has become a popular object of mockery .
One comedy show that focuses on current affairs on Channel One , a widely viewed network , recently featured four men sitting around a coffee table yucking it up over the day 's newspaper headlines .
`` It 's become trendy to hide it for a long time , '' said one comedian of the women who 've come forward with allegations of unwanted sexual attention .
Comedians on the Channel One program Projector Paris Hilton joke about sexual harassment . ( Channel One/YouTube )
`` It 's trendier to admit it , '' replied their friend to chortles of laughter from the others .
`` I admit it . I sexually harassed myself . I invited myself to my room . Now I 'm asking for an apology , '' they said to more howls of laughter .
Social superiority
From actores to comedians to Kremlin propagandists , Russians have seized on the continuing stream of sexual harassment revelations as an example of what they consider their social and cultural superiority .
Dmitry Kiselyov , the Kremlin-friendly host of a highly watched Sunday night talk show , recently suggested the parade of women coming forward with allegations against famous men represents `` an explosive mix of political correctness '' and `` hypocrisy . ''
At the same time , they asserted that Russia demonstrates the most `` harmonious relations between the sexes . ''
Thank God we live in a country where political correctness has not reached the point of absurdity . - Andrei Konchalovsky
One of Russia 's best-known film directors put the issue of sexual harassment another way .
`` I actually think the whole world has been built on it , '' said Andrei Konchalovsky , director of Hollywood hits such as Runaway Train and Tango and Cash .
`` Men must make passes and women must resist .
`` Thank God , '' they concluded , `` we live in a country where political correctness has not reached the point of absurdity . ''
Advocate disgusted
If there 's any absurdity , Alena Popova would argue it 's that Russia lags decades behind Europe and North America with neanderthal-like views on sexual harassment .
She 's a women 's rights advocate — a rare breed in Russia , where there are few champions for the cause .
`` The reaction was awful , '' they told CBC News in an interview . `` In our country , many think harassment is normal . ''
Advocate Aloyna Popova stages a one-woman protest outside Russia 's parliament earlier this year against a law to reduce the penalties men face for assaulting their wives or partners . Them sign says : 'He beat you , they love you ? ' ( Corinne Seminoff/CBC )
Popova , a former journalist who 's written extensively on the issue of violence against women and operates a non-profit advocacy group in Moscow , has been using their blog to try to underscore that unwanted sexualized behaviour is not normal or acceptable .
`` In domestic violence and harassment , '' they wrote recently , `` one of the main problems is shame and fear of what happened . ''
Millions of Russian women , they continued , silently tolerate being mistreated and it can completely destroy their lives .
Weak legislation
In January , when Russia passed a new law reducing the penalties men face for assaulting their wives or partners , Popova waged a one-woman crusade outside the Duma , or parliament , camping out in the freezing cold to try to stop the legislation .
They were unsuccessful . Now in Russia , a man found guilty of domestic violence usually gets off with a warning . It takes a second conviction to face any sort of jail time .
`` Statements to police and public censure of the aggressors are signs of a healthy society dealing with the problem , '' Popova said of what 's been happening in the United States , the U.K. and Canada .
`` But in Russia , we have the opposite situation . ''
Popova says many of the comments people write on their blog leave them exasperated .
'Do n't live this life '
After one recent entry , a male writer dismissed the idea that unwanted sexual attention is harmful : `` I know many cases where the solicitation continued and people eventually started a relationship that would be comfortable for both . ''
Another added : `` Male testosterone is 20-30 times that of women . You do n't like the way life is created ? So do n't live this life . ''
`` I think it 's abnormal if people think there is no sexual violence or sexual harassment , '' said Popov .
Overall , Russia 's Interior Ministry reports that the rate of domestic violence is growing .
The Anna Centre , a non-governmental agency that operates a women 's help hotline , reports that more than 49,000 Russian women were victims of domestic violence in 2016 — up from 31,000 in 2014 .
The group 's founder , Marina Piskalova-Parker , says it is very rare for a woman to use their confidential phone line to report sexual harassment because most have come to believe nothing will be done about it .
We are just at the beginning of a long road . - Alena Popova
`` In our society , sexual harassment is widely misunderstood . It 's largely mistaken for flirting and compliments , '' they told CBC News .
`` And when women complain , they are blamed for either wanting more or blackmailing a man . ''
Popova , the women 's advocate , thinks `` we are just at the beginning of a long road . ''
`` It 's in our culture and we need to change it . ''
The Reserve Bank of Australia is watching the numbers closely , as the record number of completed apartments due to settle in coming months could pose a settlement risk if prices fall below what purchasers contracted to pay and their banks wo n't make up the shortfall . Announcing the decision to keep interest rates on hold at their record low 1.5 per cent on Tuesday , outgoing governor Glenn Stevens repeated earlier observations about apartment construction .
`` Considerable supply of apartments is scheduled to come on stream over the next couple of years , particularly in the eastern capital cities , '' they said .
Some commentators predict a large fall . Queensland University of Technology property economics professor Chris Elves last month said inner Brisbane apartment prices could fall as much as 25 per cent over the next 12 to 18 months as Asian buyers walk away from settlements . In March , BIS Shrapnel itself warned of an `` accident waiting to happen '' due to oversupply in the Melbourne and Brisbane apartment markets .
Still , Zigomanis is more sanguine . Price falls were likely in some classes of the high-rise apartment product so beloved of investors , but Dr Oliver 's estimate was overblown , they said .
Commencement of apartments is on the rise .
There were likely to be price falls in some specific markets and some specific locations – even in Sydney , where pent-up demand would in aggregate absorb all of the new supply coming on stream . Supply was indeed rising faster than demand in Melbourne and Sydney , but the falls would not be that great , they said .
Low interest rates
`` If you took the average or median price of 12 months out from now or two years out I suspect it wo n't necessarily be 10 per cent or 15 per cent lower , '' they said . `` It may only be 5 per cent lower or something like that . But there will definitely be instances where people have taken 10 per cent and 15 per cent hits on individual sales . ''
Advertisement
This has already been the case . In the March quarter 19 per cent of all Melbourne CBD apartment sales were at a loss , CoreLogic figures show .
The main thing preventing large price declines was the record low interest rates allowing landlords to continue to service their mortgages relatively easily , even when low rental payments fail to cover the full monthly payment , Mr Zigomanis said . Separate CoreLogic figures on Wednesday showed median unit rents fell in Sydney , Brisbane and Melbourne in August .
Apartment rentals have stricter pet bans than houses . Erin Jonasson
`` There will be price declines , '' they said . `` Anyone who is forced to put their property back on the market and has to take whatever price they can will probably take a 10 , 15 , 20 per cent hit on price , but in my opinion they would rather sit there .
`` Rates are so low most investors do n't have to dip too much into their pocket to pay off the mortgage . My opinion is there wo n't necessarily be a blow-out of apartments onto the resale market . It may not necessarily drive prices down as much as some people may be expecting . ''
That only applies while rates stay low , however . If rates rise , it 's a different matter .
`` It then becomes a lot more difficult to meet mortgage payments , '' they said .
vote buttons 5 52 .32 avg time in ms
01 Apr 2015 by DeekoVB5 public class Solution : ICodeRush { public int ? FindLeastFrequentNumber ( IList < int > list ) { if ( list == null || list.Count == 0 ) { return null ; } CountMap map = new CountMap ( list.Count ) ; for ( int index = 0 ; index < list.Count ; ++index ) { // Only need to call increment here // The data structure is customized to initialize to 1 if not found // Reduces the amount of hashing required int current = list [ index ] ; map.Increment ( current ) ; } int smallest = 0 ; int smallestVal = int.MaxValue ; for ( int index = 0 ; index < map.entries.Length ; ++index ) { var current = map.entries [ index ] ; if ( current.value < smallestVal ) { // If we ever find a count of 1 , it will be the minimum , so return here if ( current.value == 1 ) { return current.key ; } else if ( current.value ! = 0 ) { smallest = current.key ; smallestVal = current.value ; } } } return smallest ; } /// < summary > /// This is a stripped down version of the .NET Dictionary class optimized for this task . /// The .NET Dictionary code used was found here : http : //referencesource.microsoft.com/ # mscorlib/system/collections/generic/dictionary.cs /// This is not suitable for general usage . It can not resize like a normal Dictionary , /// Nor can you modify or insert custom values - it only inserts 1 or increments . /// < /summary > class CountMap { internal const Int32 HashPrime = 101 ; public static readonly int [ ] primes = { 3 , 7 , 11 , 17 , 23 , 29 , 37 , 47 , 59 , 71 , 89 , 107 , 131 , 163 , 197 , 239 , 293 , 353 , 431 , 521 , 631 , 761 , 919 , 1103 , 1327 , 1597 , 1931 , 2333 , 2801 , 3371 , 4049 , 4861 , 5839 , 7013 , 8419 , 10103 , 12143 , 14591 , 17519 , 21023 , 25229 , 30293 , 36353 , 43627 , 52361 , 62851 , 75431 , 90523 , 108631 , 130363 , 156437 , 187751 , 225307 , 270371 , 324449 , 389357 , 467237 , 560689 , 672827 , 807403 , 968897 , 1162687 , 1395263 , 1674319 , 2009191 , 2411033 , 2893249 , 3471899 , 4166287 , 4999559 , 5999471 , 7199369 } ; public struct Entry { public int hashCode ; public int next ; public int key ; public int value ; } private IEqualityComparer < int > comparer ; private int [ ] buckets ; public Entry [ ] entries ; private int count ; public CountMap ( int capacity ) { Initialize ( capacity ) ; } public void Increment ( int index ) { int hashCode = comparer.GetHashCode ( index ) & 0x7FFFFFFF ; int target = hashCode % buckets.Length ; for ( int i = buckets [ target ] ; i > = 0 ; i = entries [ i ] .next ) { if ( entries [ i ] .hashCode == hashCode & & entries [ i ] .key == index ) { ++entries [ i ] .value ; return ; } } Add ( index , 1 , hashCode , target ) ; } private void Add ( int key , int value , int hashCode , int targetBucket ) { int index = count ; count++ ; entries [ index ] .hashCode = hashCode ; entries [ index ] .next = buckets [ targetBucket ] ; entries [ index ] .key = key ; entries [ index ] .value = value ; buckets [ targetBucket ] = index ; } private void Initialize ( int capacity ) { int size = GetPrime ( capacity ) ; buckets = new int [ size ] ; entries = new Entry [ size ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < buckets.Length ; i++ ) { buckets [ i ] = -1 ; } comparer = EqualityComparer < int > .Default ; } private static int GetPrime ( int min ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < primes.Length ; i++ ) { int prime = primes [ i ] ; if ( prime > = min ) return prime ; } for ( int i = ( min | 1 ) ; i < Int32.MaxValue ; i += 2 ) { if ( IsPrime ( i ) & & ( ( i - 1 ) % HashPrime ! = 0 ) ) return i ; } return min ; } private static bool IsPrime ( int candidate ) { if ( ( candidate & 1 ) ! = 0 ) { int limit = ( int ) Math.Sqrt ( candidate ) ; for ( int divisor = 3 ; divisor < = limit ; divisor += 2 ) { if ( ( candidate % divisor ) == 0 ) return false ; } return true ; } return ( candidate == 2 ) ; } } }
Background Edit
Legislation Edit
Nickel , formerly used in the cent , now had no place in American coinage . This was unsatisfactory to Wharton , who sought its return . Although Pollock made no mention of further nickel coinage in their 1864 annual report , Wharton in April of that year published a pamphlet proposing that all non-precious metal coinage be composed of 75 % copper and 25 % nickel . The copper-nickel cents had contained only 12 % nickel , and even so had been difficult for the Mint to strike due to the hardness of the metal , the use of which damaged equipment and quickly broke dies . An alloy of 25 % nickel would be even more difficult to coin . Wharton argued that the tough alloy would be difficult to counterfeit . A worn three-cent fractional currency note of 1864 Congress had by the Act of March 3 , 1863 authorized fractional currency in the denomination of 3 cents ; when these notes reached circulation the following year they proved wildly unpopular . The 1864 law which had substituted bronze for copper-nickel had also outlawed `` copperheads '' or private token issues . Even though these could now only be issued anonymously , and so could not be redeemed , the copperheads were preferred to the 3-cent shinplasters . Some copperhead tokens even read `` Substitute for shinplasters '' . The notes soon became filthy and ragged , making them even more disliked . They were more difficult to value in quantity than notes with denominations divisible by five . According to Walter Breen , `` This was the moment Wharton 's supporters had been waiting for . '' Wharton and their advocates argued that the three-cent notes should be redeemed with equivalent coins . They contended that were Congress to order a three-cent bronze coin , such a piece would be as big as an obsolete large cent , and might be used to deceive the blind into accepting the pre-1857 cent rather than the more valuable coin . Pollock , previously an opponent of nickel coinage , had a change of heart and became a supporter . There are several slightly varying accounts of why the bill for the three-cent nickel passed . Breen told of the pressure advocates for nickel put on House Coinage Committee chairperson John Adam Kasson , finally winning them over to the position that even 25 % nickel coins ( which would be hard on the Mint 's equipment ) would be better than the continued use of shinplasters , and presenting them with a draft of a bill for a three-cent piece of that alloy . The bill made the new coin legal tender to sixty cents . The 1864 act had made the cent legal tender to ten cents , and the two-cent piece to twenty ; both limits were reduced to four cents . The bill did not abolish the three-cent silver piece , which was still being struck in small quantities . The new copper-nickel coins would be issued in exchange for three-cent shinplasters—the Currency Bureau was instructed to print no more three-cent notes . Abraham Lincoln was sworn in for a second term as president only minutes after signing the bill authorizing the three-cent nickel . The bill passed the House of Representatives on the evening of March 3 , 1865 . At the time , it was usual to extend the final day of the congressional session in odd-numbered years to noon on March 4 , and this occurred . The Senate took up the bill late on the morning of March 4 . Action was repeatedly interrupted , first by Ohio Senator John Sherman reporting progress on an appropriations bill , then by Iowa 's James Grimes stating that ticket holders for the inaugural festivities at noon were being soaked by rain outside the Capitol , causing some debate as to whether they should be admitted early . Once female guests were admitted ( males were left outside ) , the Senate passed the three-cent nickel bill without debate , and it was shortly thereafter signed by President Abraham Lincoln . [ a ] Q. David Bowers said of the sudden passage of the legislation `` We can only guess what happened behind the scenes '' . Carothers wrote that Kasson had opposed nickel coinage , but nevertheless introduced the bill for it during the rush of the final day of the congressional session , `` There was no report and no explanation ... The influences that brought about the passage of the measure in this fashion were never revealed . '' Numismatic historian Don Taxay suggested that by March 3 , 1865 , `` the wide circulation of the bronze cent and two-cent piece had made a three-cent coin superfluous . ''
Design Edit
Mint Chief Engraver James B. Longacre had , since 1849 , designed coins with various visages of the goddess Liberty , based on a bust , Venus Accroupie , they had seen in a Philadelphia museum on loan from the Vatican . Although the Liberty as used on the three-cent nickel piece is closest to Longacre 's experimental cents of 1857 and quarter eagles of 1860 , they resemble most of the Chief Engraver 's other depictions of Liberty . On the three-cent piece , they wear a coronet with their name on it , and a ribbon binds their hair . For the reverse , Longacre combined the Roman numeral III as rendered on the silver three-cent piece with the laurel wreath used on the 1859 Indian Head cent reverse . Breen suggested that the similarity of design to other Longacre coins has contributed to the low level of collector interest in the three-cent nickel . According to Lange , `` resourceful as always , J.B. Longacre simply revised an existing image of Liberty for the obverse of the nickel three-cent piece . The same classical profile that appears on the Indian Head cent , the gold dollar , and the $ 3 piece is seen fitted with a new hairstyle and a studded coronet inscribed Liberty . '' The act that authorized the three-cent nickel contained a provision requiring the use of the motto `` In God We Trust '' on all pieces large enough to bear it , but the new coin was deemed too small . No change was made to the design of the three-cent piece in nickel during its lifetime .
Production Edit
Collecting Edit
1887/6 three-cent nickel According to the 2018 edition of R.S . Yeoman 's A Guide Book of United States Coins , only the pieces from 1882 to 1887 catalog for more than $ 100 in worn Good-4 condition ; common dates list for $ 15 to $ 20 in that condition . The highest value listed is for the 1877 , struck only in proof with a mintage of 900 , at $ 2,000 . David F. Fanning , in their 2001 article on the three-cent pieces , suggested that rarer specimens of the nickel three-cent piece are relatively inexpensive compared with coins of similar mintage in more popular series , such as the Morgan dollar . The design of the three-cent nickel piece remained stable throughout its run , and there are few varieties . An overdate is known , 1887/6 . The die that struck those coins was originally dated 1886 , when no circulation strikes were made . So the die would not be wasted , the Mint altered the last digit from a 6 to a 7 ; evidence of both numbers is visible . Some 1865 pieces in proof condition display a wreath on the reverse that comes much closer to touching the rim than on later issues . These were most likely pattern coins but they are accepted as issued because the Mint placed them in some 1865 proof sets . Many of the three-cent nickel pieces were not fully struck , and are missing details of the design ; this is because the head of Liberty is directly opposite the III , and the Mint had trouble getting the hard metal alloy to adequately flow to the high points of both sides .
Notes and references Edit
Further reading Edit
And then there were none .
Classical music reporter Janelle Gelfand was one of at least four Enquirer newsroom employees to lose their jobs Tuesday , the last of the Enquirer 's arts writers .
Gelfand , who chose to go part-time to spend more time with their grandchildren and mother a few years ago , was told their position was eliminated on Tuesday -- 2-1/2 weeks before the grand reopening of Music Hall . They had been writing about Music Hall and the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and Pops Orchestra before joining the Arts & Entertainment staff full-time in 1993 .
Also gone are reporter and former columnist Chris Graves ; reporter Shauna Steigerwald who covered entertainment , craft beer , the zoo , and cool homes ; and longtime Community Press suburban weeklies planner/editor Dick Maloney , according to my sources in the Enquirer 's building at 312 Elm St . They were local victims in Gannett 's 1 percent nationwide budget cut reported last week . The cuts came a week after Editor Peter Bhatia left for the Detroit Free Press . They have not been replaced .
In the past year , Steigerwald and food writer Polly Campbell were moved to the Real Time News team . Arts writer Carol Motsinger became a general features writer . That left Features Planning Editor/Community Content Specialist Rasputin Todd with no full-time staff writers under their supervision to fill the Sunday A & E section and Friday Weekend section . Almost all theater and music coverage has been provided by freelance writers David Lyman , Chris Varias and Bill Thompson .
At the end of 2014 , the A & E staff took a major hit after management eliminated/changed all the beats when we had to re-apply for our jobs . With no TV/Media beat , I left the paper after nearly 40 years . So did A & E editor Tasha Stewart and arts writer Julie Engebrecht . Earlier that year the paper let go homes writer Brent Coleman and web editor Stephanie Pross . Already gone was Theater critic Jackie Demaline .
If I say so myself , we did a lot of great work covering the Arts & Entertainment of Cincinnati for decades . ( I left the newsroom to be Features Editor 1982-85 , before stepping down to become TV columnist . ) The Sunday A & E section was a destination for readers .
We told stories about local musicians , artists , dancers , actors , benefactors and other creative people and their organizations that you did n't see on TV or often read about in other publications . We wrote about the people and places which make Cincinnati such a vibrant , stimulating , fun place to live .
We were the guardians and advocates for Cincinnati 's arts scene , and we took our job as seriously as the local news reporters across the room . Hard news editors at The Enquirer like to boast about the paper 's watchdog role -- and the A & E writers were just as vigilant covering issues at Music Hall , the Cincinnati Art Museum , ArtsWave , Cincinnati Museum Center , the Aronoff Center , the public broadcasters , Playhouse in the Park , Riverbend and many other cultural , arts and entertainment institutions . We asked the tough questions about leadership , audience trends , revenues and programming , along with cranking out season overviews , personality profiles , upcoming show previews , calendar items and reviews .
At the peak , the Enquirer had a Theater critic , Art critic , Movie critic , Food critic , Food editor , Classical Music critic , Pop Music Critic , Book Editor , Travel Editor and a general features writer/columnist in Jim Knippenberg – and our own copy desk and assistant editors . Among my coworkers were Owen Findsen , Cliff Radel , Margaret McGurk , Sara Pearce , Tom McElfresh , Chuck Martin , Lauren Bishop , Larry Nager , Ray Cooklis , Tom Brinkmoeller , Steve Hoffman , Martin Hogan Jr. , Rosemary Munsen , Jim DeBrosse , Mike McLeod , and Joe DeChick .
And then there were none .
A Penn State University swimmer competes in the back stroke during a tri-meet Jan. 12 , 2013 , at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville , Ark . The University of Arkansas has close ties with the military community , including an ROTC program , military appreciation days and two football games each year at War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock , Ark. , which was built as a tribute to Arkansans who have served and paid the ultimate price for their country .
Cowboys prepare to ride during the National Championship Bull Riders “ Some Gave All ” Memorial Day Championship May 27 , 2013 , near Bee Branch , Ark . The event featured a presentation of the colors by an Arkansas Army National Guard color guard , a tribute to fallen service members and free admission to all active-duty military personnel .
A competitor launches off a ramp during a mountain bike race at the Fat Tire Bicycle Festival July 14 , 2014 in Eureka Springs , Ark . Chief Master Sgt . Bubba Beason , of the 19th Airlift Wing at Little Rock Air Force Base , placed third in the Clydesdale division .
U.S. Air Force Capt . Candice Adams Ismirle waits to receive a radiation treatment Oct. 22 , 2013 , at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , in Bethesda , Md . After approximately two years in remission , Ismirle recently learned their cancer had returned .
A U.S. Army paratrooper from the 82nd Airborne Division repeats instructions before performing a static line jump from a C-130H Aug. 18 , 2013 , near Alexandria International Airport , La . There were 681 paratroopers dropped from nine U.S. Air Force aircraft in support of Joint Operational Access Exercise 13-0X .
U.S. Army Sgt . Michael Bodiford , a team leader assigned to 1st Platoon , 1st Battalion , 153rd Infantry Regiment , 39th Infantry Brigade , climbs Pinnacle Mountain Sept. 5 , 2013 , near Little Rock , Ark . Bodiford scales the mountain multiple times per week as part of their physical training regimen , designed to prepare them for the Army 's Warrant Officer Candidate School .
Staff Sgt . Steven Smith , a 19th Operations Support Squadron joint airdrop inspector , steps to their aircraft Feb. 5 , 2013 , at Little Rock Air Force Base , Ark . Smith and other inspectors , inspect every airdrop at Little Rock Air Force Base to ensure the proper safety procedures are being implemented .
Airmen from the 19th Airlift Wing prepare a C-130J for a flight , beneath the light of a full moon March 27 , 2013 at Little Rock Air Force Base , Ark . As home to the largest C-130 fleet in the world , Little Rock AFB delivers mission-ready Airmen to fuel combat airlift operations .
The Little Rock Air Force Base fire department is an award-winning unit that leads the way in Air Force accolades . The department , comprised of 49 Airmen and seven civilians , operates on two 24-hour shifts that respond to nearly 700 emergency calls each year . The department won 66 individual and team awards in 2013 , including the Air Force Times Airman of the Year . This close-knit team of Airmen spends nearly as much time together as they do at home , forging deep bonds of kinship and trust .
Rave-goers and visitors to Amsterdam before December 2008 may be intimately familiar with magic mushrooms , but there 's little scientific knowledge on what happens to the brain while tripping .
Now it appears that more research is warranted . A growing number of studies suggested that perhaps the mushrooms ' key ingredient could work magic for certain mental disorders .
New research in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences sheds light on why one of the mushrooms ' hallucinogenic chemical compounds , psilocybin , may hold promise for the treatment of depression . Scientists explored the effect of psilocybin on the brain , documenting the neural basis behind the altered state of consciousness that people have reported after using magic mushrooms .
`` We have found that these drugs turn off the parts of the brain that integrate sensations – seeing , hearing , feeling – with thinking , '' said David Nutt , co-author of the study and researcher at Imperial College London in the United Kingdom .
Nutt is also Britain 's former chief drug adviser , who has published controversial papers about the relative harms of various drugs . They were asked to leave their government position in 2009 because `` he can not be both a government adviser and a campaigner against government policy , '' according to a letter in the Guardian from a member of the British Parliament .
Psilocybin is illegal in the United States and considered a Schedule 1 drug , along with heroin and LSD . Schedule 1 drugs `` have a high potential for abuse and serve no legitimate medical purpose in the United States , '' according to the Department of Justice .
But in the early stages of research on psilocybin , there 's been a bunch of good news for its medicinal potential : psilocybin has shown to be helpful for terminally ill cancer patients dealing with anxiety , and preliminary studies on depression are also promising .
Nutt 's study is also preliminary and small , with only 30 participants . Their group used magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) to look at how the brain responds to psilocybin , from normal waking consciousness to a psychedelic state .
The study found that the more psilocybin shuts off the brain , the greater the feeling of being in an altered state of consciousness , they said . It 's not the same as dreaming , because you 're fully conscious and aware , they said .
The medial prefrontal cortex , the front part of the brain in the middle , appears to be crucial - it determines how you think , feel and behave . Damage to it produces profound changes in personality , and so if you switch it off , your sense of self becomes fragmented , Nutt said . That 's what happens when psilocybin decreases activity in it .
`` Some people say they become one with the universe , '' they said . `` It 's that sort of transcendental experience . ''
Another brain region that psilocybin affects is the anterior cingulate cortex , which is over-active in depression , Nutt said . Some patients with severe depression that can not be treated with pharmaceuticals receive deep brain stimulation , a technique of surgically implanting a device that delivers electrical impulses directed at decreasing activity in that brain region . Psilocybin could be a cheaper option , Nutt said .
It 's counterintuitive that a hallucinogenic drug would de-activate rather than stimulate key brain regions , although other studies have shown a mix of results regarding psilocybin turning brain areas on and off , said Roland Griffiths , a professor of psychiatry and neuroscience at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine . Griffiths was not involved in Nutt 's study , but has also researched the effects of psilocybin .
Even if this drug gets approved some day , do n't expect to be able to pick up a prescription for psilocybin at your local pharmacy , Griffiths cautioned . There 's too much potential for abuse , they said .
Although scientists have found many positive effects of psilocybin in experimental trials , there are of course potential dangers . Some people have frightening experiences while on psilocybin . The fear and anxiety responses of magic mushrooms can be so great that , when taken casually in a non-medical setting , people can cause harm to themselves or others . They may jump out a window or run into traffic because of a panic reaction .
The drug would have to be administered in a controlled setting in a hospital , if found in further research to be an effective and safe therapy for certain mental illnesses , Griffiths said . It would not be appropriate for people who already have psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia , since psilocybin can exacerbate those symptoms .
But among healthy volunteers , Griffiths and others have found that people may have long-lasting positive effects from the vivid memories of being on psilocybin ( in a controlled , experimental setting ) . People report mystical experiences of feeling the `` interconnectedness of all things , '' which can be life-changing .
`` People claim to have an enhanced sense of self , more emotional balance , they 're more compassionate , they 're more sensitive to the needs of others , '' they said . `` They have more well-being and less depression , but they 're not 'high ' in any conventional sense . They feel like their perceptual set has shifted . ''
The memories of the psilocybin experience , and positive outcomes that users attribute toward them , can last as much as 25 years , research has shown .
Still , there 's just not enough known yet about the long-term safety of psilocybin to say whether it could also do damage to the brain , Griffiths said .
`` There 'd have to be changes in the brain for these long-lasting memories and attributions to occur , '' Griffiths said . `` We do n't know how those changes occur , and why . ''
Worn Out Resources
My students need 16 dictionaries and thesauruses to improve their writing as required by state standards and testing .
My Students
Our sets of dictionaries and thesauruses were so worn and outdated that they had to be discarded . These resource materials are greatly needed basic tools that are used to improve my student 's writing skills .
I have a self-contained classroom of children with learning differences who receive special education services because they have difficulty accessing and progressing in the general education curriculum .
They need multi-sensory resources to help them reach their individual education plan goals .
My Project
My goal is to help each of my children feel successful in baby steps . Many of them have experienced repeated failure in comparison to typical peers . They are also required to take the same standardized tests as their typical peers which sets them up for low self-esteem and just giving up without trying . I need to provide them with basic skills in order to help them feel that they can be successful . Having needed materials will encourage them to be risk takers with their writing and know that they can overcome their perceptions of their abilities .
Please consider this donation for our classroom .
They will be used on a daily basis throughout our day as we expand our vocabulary , develop our writing , and attempt to improve our testing scores .
CAPITOL HILL : Even the cameras stopped clicking in a hushed Armed Services hearing room today as Rep. Jim Cooper told the Joint Chiefs of Staff and their colleagues on the biggest committee in Congress today that America 's lawmakers had failed the country .
“ You gentlemen make life and death decisions in the Tank almost every day , ” a somber Cooper said at a House Armed Services Committee hearing on the automatic budget cuts known as sequestration , looking straight at Army Gen. Ray Odierno , Adm. Jonathan Greenert , Air Force Gen. Mark Welsh and Marine Gen. James Amos . “ We are unwilling to even come up with a budget for America . ”
Even the usually partisan HASC Chairman Buck McKeon , after offering a very short defense of the House and GOP 's actions on sequestration , spoke the truth to the Joint Chiefs and the packed hearing room : “ It 's not your fault . It is us . ”
How bad will it get if the United States Congress does not reverse the Budget Control Act , the foundation of sequestration ?
Three of the four Joint Chiefs told the HASC that they would not be able to execute the most basic strategic requirement of the US military : defeating an enemy in a single major theater operation . Only Gen. Amos , Marine Commandant , said their self-sufficient force could handle one MTO , but could not handle more than that . To remind those who have n't followed this issue closely , the American military long planned for what were called two major theater wars . While it was a chimera in many ways , it did play an important forcing function . Now we are officially down to one win and one hold , sort of .
“ It 's my opinion we would struggle to meet even one major theater contingency , ” Odierno testified early in the hearing . Later , each of the Joint Chiefs was asked by Rep. Randy Forbes , chairperson of the HASC seapower and power projection forces subcommittee , if they could execute the military 's basic Strategic Planning Guidance , which requires that US forces be able to handle one enemy and to deter another . Down the line they went . Odierno : no ; Greenert : no ; Welsh : no . Amos , yes , but .
To be clear , this does not mean that America 's forces are unready now to handle its most important jobs . But if sequestration continues into 2014 , the pressure on readiness and procurement funds will gradually squeeze the capabilities out of the four services .
Here 's a list of what the military could not buy or would have to defer if sequestration continues in fiscal 2014 :
Navy : This is drawn from Adm. Greenert 's statement to the HASC .
One Virginia class submarine would be canceled .
Work on the first replacement for the Ohio-class nuclear missile submarines — SSBN-X — would be delayed fiscal from 2021 by one year , leaving the United States with a gap in the most crucial part of the nuclear triad .
One Littoral Combat Ship would not be bought .
Some 11 tactical aircraft – four EA-18Gs , one F-35C , one E-2D , two P-8As , three MH-60s and “ about 400 weapons . ”
One Afloat Forward Staging Base ( AFSB ) would not be bought .
Delivery of the USS GERALD R. FORD ( CVN-78 ) would be delayed by two years , raising questions about whether the Navy could keep the requisite number of carriers at sea as needed .
Army : Gen. Odierno emphasized what they have n't been able to do already : “ The Army deferred maintenance on 172 aircraft , more than 900 vehicles , almost 2,000 weapons , and over 10,000 pieces of communications equipment . ”
In terms of procurement affected should sequestration continue to 2014 , Odierno said combat vehicle development will slow . “ In our aviation program , we can not afford to procure a new Armed Aerial Scout program and we will be forced to reduce the production and modernization of 25 helicopters . We will reduce system upgrades for unmanned aerial vehicles . We will delay the modernization of Air Defense Command and Control systems , ” they said in their statement . If things keep going to fiscal 2015 , “ every acquisition program will be affected . ”
Air Force : While the blue suiters have not made any final decisions , Gen. Mike Hostage , head of Air Combat Command , told the Air Force Association annual conference this week that they could accept elimination of the entire 340-plane A-10 close air support fleet . Among the other options on the table : eliminating the 59-aircraft KC-10 tanker fleet ; eliminating the F-15C fleet and scrapping plans to build a new $ 6.8 billion combat search and rescue fleet , one used by all the services .
The head of Air Force Space Command , Gen. William Shelton , captured the sense of the services yesterday when they told the AFA conference that sequestration “ probably represents a bigger threat to our capabilities than anything an enemy is thinking up . ”
The most eloquent expression of the military 's deepening unease and frustration with Congress ' inability to scrap sequestration did not involve any words . I asked Gen . Hostage yesterday if they believed Congress understood how much sequestration is affecting the American military 's ability to be ready and to do its job . The enormous sigh they uttered said it all .
Is there hope that Congress is getting the message and may break the sequestration mold when the debt ceiling negotiations finally happen ? One GOP staffer believes there is now a chance . Until the last few days , this person did not believe there was much of a chance .
A first grader 's heartbreaking letter to Santa has spurred a flood of donations , after their teacher shared the humble wish list on social media .
Ruth Espiricueta , a first-grade teacher at Monte Cristo Elementary School in Edinburg , Texas , asked their students this week to write a letter to Santa Claus about something they want and something they need , after a lesson about the difference between the two . When school was dismissed for the day , Espiricueta began reading the letters and was taken aback in particular by one student 's note .
The 7-year-old girl wrote to Santa , “ I have [ been ] good this day . This Christmas I would like a ball and food . I need a [ blanket ] . ”
`` I never expected for students to ask for things we usually take for granted , '' Espiricueta told ABC News . `` I was heartbroken because no one should ever go hungry or be cold on winter nights . ''
The next day , Espiricueta asked the student about their letter to Santa . The girl said they wanted a ball , rather than a doll , so both they and their brother could play with the toy . They told the teacher they wanted eggs for food .
`` I had no idea they were going through hard times being that they are always at school with a big smile , '' Espiricueta said of their student . `` Her act of unselfishness made me realize that I needed to share this with others . ''
The girl was not the only student to ask for basic necessities in their letter to Santa , Espiricueta said .
`` Unfortunately , there are other students that as part of their needs they included food , towels , blankets , pillows , bed , clothes , shoes and a stove , '' the teacher told ABC News . `` Some of my students were not even excited about Christmas because they know that their parents can not afford to buy a Christmas tree or gifts for them . ''
More than one in five children in Texas -- about 22.4 percent -- live in poverty , according to 2016 data from the U.S. Census Bureau .
Espiricueta said they could n't bear the thought of their own child going hungry or cold . So they shared a photo of their student 's letter on Facebook on Wednesday , hoping to help the students and their families in need . People immediately offered to donate to the student as well as to others at the school .
The letter inspired the principal at Monte Cristo Elementary School to start a donation drive , with a goal of collecting 724 blankets to give to each student . So far , 616 blankets have been donated .
`` She is happy their friends will also be receiving a blanket to stay warm , '' Espiricueta said .
The federal government has bagged an unprecedented $ 360 million from household bank accounts since a controversial change to unclaimed money laws , Australian Securities and Investments Commission figures show .
Pensioners and others saving for a rainy day have reported trying to access their savings only to discover their money had been seized by the government because it had been dormant for three years or more .
Canberra has collected more money from inactive bank accounts under the three-year rule than the total amount captured in the past five decades combined .
Nearly $ 360 million from 80,000 accounts was funnelled into government coffers in the year to May after Labor lowered the threshold , eclipsing the $ 330 million netted between 1959 and 2012 , during which time idle accounts could be touched only after seven years .
Designing for responsive websites can be a bit challenging at first because the process is so different .
As designers , we 've gotten used to building pixel-perfect mockups as our web blueprints . But responsive design takes a different approach .
A designer 's role is no longer to produce a mockup and then pass it off to the developer because responsive design is not just a two step process , it is a series of revisions . Most of which are made in the browser . It is a collaborative effort between the designer and developer , no longer two separate tasks .
Here are some tips and a general workflow to make the transition from designing static sites to designing responsive ones a little easier .
Knowing your viewports
Before starting any project it is important to determine your viewports . A typical approach would be to build one layout for smartphones , one for tablets and smaller viewports , a larger desktop version , and maybe a second desktop version for even larger/wider screens , say 1200 or 1400 pixels or more .
Planning ahead
Sketching can be your best friend . Take one piece of paper and make 3-4 boxes to represent each viewport . Having all of your viewports on one-page helps you to not focus on any one design more than the others . When laying out your design , take the most important content first and add it to each of the viewports , working your way down to the less important stuff as you go .
You will quickly realize that not all of the content may fit in the smaller viewports . Better to find that out now while doing sketches , instead of trying to make changes to a finished design .
Yup , those are my actual scribbles . You might not be able to make out what each element is but those are from an actual project . I did the design and development so I did n't have to make it clear for anyone else . The point being , nothing is faster than pen and paper for quickly jotting down layout ideas .
Wireframes and mockups
The most important part of wireframing , is having the developer take an active role . They or they should know right away if your idea is going to work or not and can give suggestions on ways to get your vision across without having to reinvent the wheel .
With responsive design you can no longer spend 90 % of your design time before the development begins . So mockups need to be quick and rough . Also , be open to changes because chances are your original ideas may not work exactly as planned .
The browser
Because of the large amount of testing involved , responsive design is best done as a process of revisions in the browser . As soon as a basic layout is agreed upon it is best to begin the development right away . Having your layouts viewable from a browser helps prevent a lot of design problems .
Another thing to consider as a designer is what elements of your design can be created with CSS alone . Many devises today are able to display drop-shadows , gradients , borders , rounded corners and other design elements created with CSS . CSS only elements are easier to change , takes less design time to create , and do n't require images or image slices to implement . Of course if you are not developing the site yourself you will need to be able to communicate your layout ideas with the developer .
Taking it into Photoshop
I highly recommend using one .psd for all the layouts . Here is a quick example using 1200 pixels as the largest viewport . So start with a new .psd at 1200 pixels wide by 2000 pixels tall . The other viewports will be 480 , 1020 , and 768 pixels wide .
To start , unlock your background layer and duplicate it for as many viewports as you need plus one . Fill in the original background layer black and leave the rest white . Put each white background layer in a folder and name it for its viewport ( example : “ 480 ” ) .
Next set up each viewport in the .psd . Remember you only need to do this one time and just reuse the template for all of your projects .
First add guides at the edges of each viewport . ( View - > New Guide and select “ Vertical ” ) . Add guides at 90 , 216 , 360 , 840 , and 1110 pixels .
Next create Layer Masks on each folder , which will form the edges of each viewport . Use the Rectangular Marquee Tool to select the area inside the center two guides ( 480 pixels ) .
Having Snap checked ( View - > Snap ) makes this a lot easier . With the selection made and the correct folder selected in the Layers Pallet , click the Add Layer Mask Button to apply it . Do the same step for the other viewports .
Now to see a given viewport simply turn off the other folders . I also included a photo of the Layers Pallet if you wanted to see what that should look like .
Mockups
If you already have a rough site developed , take a screenshot at each viewport and add those into your .psd in the correct folder .
Generally it is easier to start with the smallest viewport and work your way up to the larger ones in Photoshop . So flesh out your 480 pixel design , then duplicate the layers and drop them into the 768 pixel folder .
There is no need to be pixel perfect with any of your layouts . I tend to get one viewport looking correct but for the rest I only change the elements that are truly different in each . Do n't worry about getting the margins around text blocks perfect . Really just ignore text as much as you can because Photoshop can not render it the way it will appear in the browser , and most of the text design will be done with CSS .
Understand how content changes
When thinking about the design you need to understand how the layout will be altered as it changes from one viewport to another . You also need to consider what happens if a layout is slightly smaller or larger than the viewport you are designing for .
There are a few options for allowing your content to adapt to each layout . Each element can be fixed , hidden , floated ( left or right ) , liquid , or they can scale . Any gives responsive design will use a combination of all of these .
Floating elements are most commonly seen in content areas that sit side-by-side in large layouts , but stack on top of each other in smaller viewports . As the viewport begins to get smaller and each element is floated left , the elements on the right side will begin stacking below the elements on the left side .
Liquid content adapts best to changing viewports but can become awkward if used on large viewports . Liquid content is typically used for columns of text that scale as wide as the viewport allows . They work great on smaller viewports but can become too wide on larger ones , so it can be best to switch to fixed for those .
Similar to liquid , scaling elements are given a percentage size and scale as small or wide as the viewport allows . These are different in that it can apply to images and text sizes . These elements are given a percent width and/or height and adjust to the viewport .
Fixed is the most rigid way of laying out content . If you have a piece of content that you do n't want it to scale or change size in any way , it will be fixed . The best thing to do with fixed elements is design them to fit the smallest viewport . It is a lot easier to use a small element in a large viewport over trying to fit a huge element in a small viewport .
When you want to remove an element or just do n't have room for it you can hide it . Hidden elements will not be seen by the user but will still be downloaded . So if you are using large images but hiding them from mobile users , the page will still take the same amount of time to load whether the images are visible or not .
Remember that you can and should use a combination of all of these on the same element . That means a text box will be fluid in one viewport , fixed and floating left in another , and may be hidden in a third .
Designers are not being forgotten
Because so much of a layout can be created with CSS it may feel like your role as a designer has diminished . Really , your role has just changed . Web design for too long has been about designing the interface while neglecting the content .
The layout is still important but the developer can do much of it . The designer should focus on making sure the goals of the website are met . Spend the most time on strengthening the conversion process , emphasising important content , and making it more palatable and digestible .
To be perfectly honest , I tried looking for some good examples of this in responsive design , but really could n't come up with any good examples .
Graphical elements and images
There are some special considerations to make when dealing with images in responsive design . The safest approach is to make images that fit the smallest viewport . This way you keep the file size down and have images that will work in each viewport size .
Here is an example image that can easily be displayed in multiple viewports from Orestis.nl .
Large background images can be particularly problematic when scaled down for smart phone use . If you plan on using them make sure to do it in a way that keeps file sizes and load times to a minimum .
Consistency
One of the biggest problems with responsive design is the lack of consistency . Users may have trouble navigating your site on a tablet when they are used to their desktop design .
Make sure to use the same color scheme on every layout and keep at least one consistent element throughout . The logo being the easiest element to transition through all . Always make navigation clearly marked and easily found . If you have to remove elements from smaller viewport designs , have other methods of getting to that content .
Do n't reinvent the wheel
When you are designing a static website you can have a lot of freedom but in responsive design there are more things to account for . Use a method that works and spend your time making that look great . If people can make email templates look awesome you can do the same with a responsive design , it just takes a little creativity .
What do you think is the most difficult thing to keep in mind when designing a responsive site as opposed to separate mobile and static sites ? Let us know in the comments !
SCOTTISH Labour has launched an investigation into a local party branch after complaints of bullying behaviour .
General Secretary Brian Roy has personally taken charge of the probe into the East Kilbride constituency Labour party ( CLP ) .
The East Kilbride CLP is notoriously fractious and is said to have been dogged for years by splits and personality clashes .
The Sunday Herald can reveal that around ten complaints were made to party headquarters late last year , some of which allege bullying tactics by members in the South Lanarkshire area .
Roy has written to all of those affected and noted that that volume of complaints means they have to carry out a “ wide-ranging investigation ” .
They have contacted complainants , witnesses , respondents and named persons and interviews were carried out this week .
Further one-to-one sessions will be conducted over the next few days .
Those who have come forward are a mixture of new and long-established members .
Some members believe the party should be put into ‘ special measures ' – which would mean a takeover by the Glasgow headquarters .
The local party has between 250 and 300 members .
However , it is not the first time complaints have made about this CLP .
In 2013 , South Lanarkshire Labour councillor Susan Kerr complained about an culture of intimidation .
MSP Margaret McCulloch had also contacted party headquarters around the same time about similar issues .
The splits come as the party struggles to narrow the gap with the SNP ahead of the Holyrood election .
Labour lost the seat at a Scottish Parliament level in 2011 and was defeated at last May 's general election by 16,527 votes .
An SNP spokesperson said : “ Less than four months from the Scottish Parliament election we hear yet more evidence that Labour are bitterly divided .
“ If Kezia Dugdale ca n't even get a grip on one of their own branches then they ca n't expect the people of East Kilbride to have any faith in their candidate – or their shambles of a party . ”
A spokesperson for the Scottish Conservatives said : “ It 's no surprise to see the Labour party dogged again by these problems . Voters are sick of this sort of behaviour , and it 's one of the many reasons the party is collapsing in the polls as a result . ”
A Scottish Labour spokesperson said : `` Scottish Labour does not comment on internal party matters . ''
Two weeks ago , I wrote a post about the hilarious and exasperating journey of parenting small children . But for seven harrowing years of infertility , Mary and I would have given anything to have children , no matter how hard it was .
Here are ten words I would use to describe how infertility feels :
1 . Lonely . We saw couple after couple get pregnant before us , our best friends included . When they told us , we high-fived them , then we went home , and hardly knew what to say to each other . We felt lost , sad , and even lonelier than before . We were excited for them ; we were just very sad for us .
It 's okay to go home and cry your eyes out when your friends get pregnant .
2 . Exposed . Everybody wants to give you advice , and some people say incredibly stupid things . My favorite : “ You just need to stop trying so hard ! ” Some people want to know every excruciating detail of what you 're doing to get pregnant . Suddenly , your most private details are the subject of casual conversation . Once people know you 're trying , people want to know how it 's going , if you 've done artificial insemination , if you 'd consider IVF , and how it felt in that small white room with the gross leather chair & the bad magazines .
It 's okay to avoid the question , smile , and change the subject . Keep as many things private as you can ( except to a few trusted friends ) .
3 . On Hold . We were always checking the calendar , wondering if we should plan that vacation , or that work trip , because what if we 're pregnant ? Then we stopped doing that , because we would have never lived if we had scheduled everything around a “ what if . ”
It 's okay to miss a month or two ; you have to live your life . This is hard , but over the long haul , it will create more stress if you feel so trapped that you ca n't plan anything . We even found that it 's good to take a month off now and then .
4 . Invaded . For women , there are so many things entering your body ( probes , needles , drugs ) and so many people measuring your progress . Even sex , at the mercy of a calendar or a temperature reading , can feel invasive . The loss of control can almost merge into a loss of self . But , it feels like once you 've started down this road , there 's no stopping until you get pregnant .
It 's okay to say what you need , and it 's okay to shore up your boundaries in whatever ways you can .
5 . Awkward . During one of the first visits where I was given the small cup and ceremoniously ushered into the small room , I actually ran into some people from my church afterwards . Of course they had their baby with them . I had a small cup that contained very personal contents with me . They asked , “ What are you doing here ? ” I mean , what do you say ?
It 's okay to laugh at yourself sometimes . And when someone catches you with your cup in your hand , that 's all you can do .
6 . Angry . Unfair is the password that gets you into the infertility club . Mary tells a story of a friend asking them if they were angry with God . “ No ! ” they blurted . “ I 'm angry at pregnant women ! ” They knew this was irrational , but they also knew that it was good for their soul to be honest in safe places . You actually may be angry with God , and you may need to find some safe places to be honest about that .
It 's okay to express the darkness , even the stuff you 're terribly embarrassed about , because it 's good for your soul . But in the right places , with people who can handle it .
7 . Stressed . Even though it seems like a stressed out couple is less likely to get pregnant , The American Society for Reproductive Medicine finds that there is no proof stress causes infertility . Besides , trying hard to “ not be so stressed about it ” never worked for us . It also did n't help to “ just stop trying. ” Everybody has a friend who was infertile for 73 years , and the day they stopped trying , they got pregnant . That never happened to us .
It 's okay to be stressed . Do n't stress about your stress . Trying hard not to be stressed is silly .
8 . Despair . The cycle of hope and despair with infertility can take you out . I remember getting so excited when Mary was 2 days late , and just knowing that this time , it 's going to happen ! Then , a few days or hours later , when they told me they got “ it , ” I would plunge into despair . The alternative is to temper your hope so that your despair does n't get so low . After about a hundred months of experiencing this cycle , we found that the best route is to keep hoping , and if it does n't happen , keep crying . It 's too hard to pretend that you 're not excited and that you 're not depressed . Be excited . Be depressed .
It 's okay to hope , and it 's okay to cry . Keep hoping and keep crying .
9 . Loss . This was not how it was supposed to be . This was not what you dreamed it would be . And you do n't know how it will end .
It 's okay if you do n't know how to wrap your mind around your emotions . Be gentle with yourself for not totally having control of how you feel from moment to moment .
10 . Ambivalence . Every time you have to go through another kind of treatment , you ask yourself : “ Is it worth it ? Do I really want it that bad ? ” And then in the very next breath , you are taken out by the sheer magnitude of how much you want a baby .
It 's okay to want and not want . That 's normal .
If you 're struggling with infertility , it can be such a dark time . You have to be out loud with each other about what you need , and every journey will be different . You have to give yourselves permission to do this journey in whatever way makes the most sense for you .
My blessing for you as you struggle : May God give you what you need , when you need it , over and over and over again .
P.S . If your story involves adoption , you might want to read my friend 's beautiful and messy journey with adoption here .
Economic activities in Gilgit Baltistan have come to a standstill after the entire region observed shutter down protest against illegal taxation .
All small and big businesses on Saturday shut down indefinitely against unfair and unjust taxes imposed on them by
Business community in Gilgit Baltistan believes is imposing unfair and undue taxes on the impoverished people and poor traders of the occupied territory .
Addressing a gathering in Skardu city , an angry protester asked , `` Will you pay taxes to on chickens kept in your households ? Will you pay taxes on cow kept at your house for milk ? ''
On the taxation system , they said , `` Taxes are imposed on additional family members , if you have more than five family members , an additional need to be paid . ''
`` We will not pay taxes , '' the agitating traders declared .
`` I urge people of Gilgit Baltistan living in Karachi , Quetta , Lahore and other parts of Pakistan be prepared , we are going to take on Islamabad head on , '' the protester added .
Heavy taxes are being imposed on traders here time and again without providing basic fundamental rights , subsidy or constitutional status to the region . Taxes collected by the authorities were never spent on the development and welfare of Gilgit Baltistan , they alleged .
`` Pakistan government through ordinance is imposing new taxes illegally , '' said a local business person , adding , `` Until Pakistan withdraws notification of taxes we will carry on protests with same force and zeal . ''
`` There is a principle in Islam , no rights no taxes , we have no representation so why pay taxes , '' said another .
The business community had alleged that when Pakistan 's Supreme Court has declared the region as disputed territory , then Islamabad has no right to impose taxes and any kind of imposition of taxes is termed illegal and unacceptable .
Massive non-cooperation movement has been launched across the length and breadth of Gilgit Baltistan .
Scores of people are on the streets venting out anger against illegal regime imposed by Islamabad
Local traders sitting on indefinite strike pledged not to give any taxes to Pakistan saying they wo n't pay 'over the roof taxes ' to be spent on maintaining lavish lifestyles and luxuries of Pakistani politicians .
Islamabad is baffled by the scale of protests and shutter down protest .
Pakistani media is largely blacking out the massive protests and a section of media claims that protests will be called off after November 23 .
( This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
The Bruce Murray Space Image Library
Planets Everywhere
NASA , ESA , and M. Kornmesser ( ESO ) Planets Everywhere This artist 's illustration gives an impression of how common planets are around the stars in the Milky Way . The planets , their orbits , and their host stars are all vastly magnified compared to their real separations . This artist 's illustration gives an impression of how common planets are around the stars in the Milky Way . The planets , their orbits , and their host stars are all vastly magnified compared to their real separations .
This illustration was produced for a press release about a Nature paper that inferred that the Milky Way galaxy contans at least 100 billion planets .
Most NASA images are in the public domain . Reuse of this image is governed by NASA 's image use policy . Explore related images : extrasolar planets , art
Comments & Sharing
This weekend will see CEVO host an online Last Chance pre-qualifier for the MLG Columbus LAN qualifier in February , with notable teams such as SPLYCE , OpTic , and TSM taking part .
While teams will continue to vie for spots at the official MLG Columbus Main qualifier—which will run from February 26-28 at the MLG Arena in Columbus—at the remaining three Minors over the next weeks , there will also be two regional Last Chance qualifiers to give those teams who fell short at a Minor or did not attend a chance to qualify .
The first pre-qualifier will be for the North American region and run this weekend from January 23-24 ; one spot to the MLG Columbus Main qualifier will be up for grabs .
CEVO have now announced that they will host both upcoming online pre-qualifiers via their tournament organisation platform , and providing details on invited teams for the North American pre-qualifier .
seang @ res will play with Torqued in the Last Chance pre-qualifier
Second to fourth place finishers at the MLG Americas Minor received automatic invites to the last chance qualifier , whereas four other teams were invited to take part . One of these which may raise eyebrows is Torqued , a team featuring known players in the North American scene such as Mohamad `` mOE '' Assad , Ronnie `` ryx '' Bylicki , and ex-Cloud9 IGL Sean `` seang @ res '' Gares .
The seven teams to take part in the Last Chance pre-qualifier are :
SPLYCE SPLYCE Winterfox Winterfox OpTic Gaming OpTic Gaming Torqued Torqued Games Academy NRG NRG TSM TSM
The format for the pre-qualifier is a single elimination , best-of-three bracket . Because SPLYCE finished second place at the MLG Americas Minor , Arya `` arya '' Hekmat 's team automatically advance to the semifinal and await the winner of Torqued and Games Academy . The full bracket can be seen here .
The tentative schedule for the pre-qualifier is :
Saturday , January 23rd OpTic Gaming NRG vs.NRG 19:00 Torqued Torqued Games Academy vs.Games Academy 21:30 Winterfox Winterfox TSM vs.TSM 00:00 Sunday , January 24th Semifinal # 1 19:30 Semifinal # 2 21:30 Grand Final 00:30
A CIS/Europe Last Chance pre-qualifier will also be run by CEVO and take place from February 2-7 , it will give out two spots to the MLG Columbus Main qualifier .
All the action for the North American Last Chance pre-qualifier can be caught over at MLG.tv/playCEVO when the games kick off .
stich writes for HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter
It appears Steve Smith Sr. 's reports of their own retirement were a bit premature .
The veteran Ravens receiver is eyeing a return for the 2016 season , provided he 's healthy enough to do so , according to people who have stayed in regular contact with him . If Smith feels like their old , explosive self when they fully recover from their torn Achilles , these sources say he 'll play again .
All of this comes after Smith announced their retirement prior to the start of the season . Even at that point , people close to them doubted that they were really going to walk off into the sunset . And even when they exited the field in horrible pain with a towel over their face , the sources were confident the injury would not mark the end of their career .
A day later , Ravens coach John Harbaugh said they thought Smith would be back for one more run in 2016 . That appears to be on track .
Smith would be playing in the final year of a three-year , $ 10.5 million deal .
Smith has dabbled in business and has prepared for a life after football . But he 's not quite ready to completely commit to that world , yet .
Smith is out of a walking boot after they suffered a torn Achilles on Nov. 1 -- a significant rehab step . He 's focusing on hydrotherapy to minimize atrophy , staying strong to keep their options open . They need their explosiveness to play , and there is no guarantee that they return given the injury . They must be able to push off and cut if they return .
If that happens , the tough-as-nails Smith ( who played through a broken back this year , too ) will be back for a 16th season .
UPDATE : Smith responded to this report on Sunday morning :
Follow Ian Rapoport on Twitter @ RapSheet .
In the original ending , the WTC towers opened up , releasing a swarm of UFOs . Following 9/11 , the ending was changed . However , you can still see a sign for the WTC exit on the freeway .
Originally set for release in 2001 , this Al Pacino movie was delayed until early 2003 . It contained several shots of the WTC towers that were removed .
Rock Star was released a week before 9/11 . While it did n't contain any shots of the WTC towers , the towers did appear briefly in the trailer for this movie .
Serendipity was released less than a month after 9/11 . All shots of the WTC towers were edited out of it .
You have to look fast to see the brief glimpses of the WTC towers that the producers chose to leave in the background . However , they did remove the towers from the poster and trailer .
Originally set for a December 2001 release , it was moved to March 2002 while producers decided to remove a scene where pieces of a destroyed Moon destroy buildings in New York . The movie never contained shots of the WTC towers , but producers did n't want to bring up memories of the terrorist attacks of 9/11 .
Zoolander was released just weeks after 9/11 . One shot of the WTC towers was removed from the movie , and one shot was altered to obscure them . ( I believe this is one of the altered shots . )
New York skyline scenes were edited to remove the WTC towers before it was released in 2002 .
Email Share +1 215 Shares
The Obama administration will have the opportunity to speak out against the constitutionality of California 's Proposition 8 when the U.S. Supreme Court hears oral arguments on the anti-gay measure .
In court orders on Friday , justices announced the U.S . Solicitor General will be allowed speaking time for oral arguments in the case , which are scheduled for March 26 .
“ The motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument is granted , ” the orders states .
The Justice Department had filed a request for speaking time in the oral arguments shortly after it filed a legal brief against Prop 8 . In the brief , the Obama administration argued Prop 8 should be overturned because laws related to sexual orientation should be subjected to heightened scrutiny , or a greater assumption they 're unconstitutional .
The Obama administration is also participating in litigation against the Defense of Marriage Act pending before the Supreme Court . Oral arguments for that case are set for March 27 .
FBI raids solar panel firm Solyndra after bankruptcy filing
Energy Department agents also execute search warrants at the Northern California company , which had received $ 535 million in federal stimulus loan guarantees .
Republicans have seized on Solyndra 's downfall as a sign that President Obama 's stimulus and `` green jobs '' campaign were failures . They have also noted that key Obama backer George Kaiser was a major investor in Solyndra , the first company to receive a Department of Energy loan guarantee to boost alternative energy companies . The program received additional funding under 2009 's federal economic stimulus effort .
Last week , Solyndra abruptly announced that it was ceasing operations and laying off 1,100 employees , a move the company attributed to intense foreign competition and a `` global oversupply of solar panels . '' The company filed for bankruptcy Tuesday .
The FBI and Department of Energy 's Office of Inspector General confirmed that their agents were involved in the raid Thursday at Solyndra 's offices in Fremont but declined to discuss what they were investigating . FBI spokesperson Peter D. Lee said documents related to the search had been sealed .
Federal agents executed a search warrant at the Northern California headquarters of solar panel manufacturer Solyndra Inc. , which filed for bankruptcy protection this week despite receiving $ 535 million in federal stimulus loan guarantees .
`` The FBI raid further underscores that Solyndra was a bad bet from the beginning and put taxpayers at unnecessary risk , '' Rep. Fred Upton ( R-Mich. ) , chairperson of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , and Rep. Cliff Stearns ( R-Fla. ) chairperson of its Oversight and Investigations subcommittee , said in a joint statement . `` President Obama 's signature green jobs program went from a darling of the administration to bankruptcy to now the subject of an FBI raid in a matter of days . ''
Solyndra spokesperson Dave Miller said the federal raid came as a surprise but that the company was `` fully cooperating '' with investigators .
They said they did not know what the federal agents were looking for but speculated it could be related to the $ 535-million loan guarantee , of which the company drew $ 527 million .
A skeleton team of about 100 employees is still working at the factory during a `` wind-down '' process , Miller said .
The raid came about 16 months after Obama visited Solyndra and praised the federal government 's investments in clean energy and other sectors .
`` We 've got to go back to making things , '' the president said at the May 26 , 2010 , appearance at Solyndra . `` Not only would this spur hiring by businesses , it would create jobs in sectors with incredible potential to propel our economy for years , for decades to come . There is no better example than energy . ''
Solyndra was one of about 40 alternative energy projects funded over the last two years through an Energy Department loan program that helped companies involved with major wind , solar , nuclear and ethanol projects . The Energy Department had said it expected the combined projects to create about 60,000 jobs .
The House Energy and Commerce Committee had been investigating the Solyndra loans since February and had scheduled a hearing next Wednesday to get additional details about the loan guarantee , even before federal agents arrived at Solyndra on Thursday .
The committee had previously issued subpoenas to obtain documents about the Solyndra loans from the administration 's Office of Management and Budget .
Officials from the budget office , the Department of Energy and Solyndra 's president and chief executive , Brian Harrison , have been invited to testify at next week 's hearing .
Reps. Harry A. Waxman ( D-Los Angeles ) and Diana DeGette ( D-Colo. ) on Thursday encouraged Harrison to testify at Wednesday 's hearing .
In a letter to Stearns , they said Harrison told them less than two months ago that Solyndra was `` in strong financial position and in no danger of failing '' and projected that the company would double its revenue in 2011 .
Jonathan Rhys Meyers in Dracula . Photo : Jonathan Hession/NBC
It 's a bloody good time for horror on television . Right now the grid offers vampires and lycanthropes , witches and zombies , serial killers and spree killers , in tonal variation : relatively chaste psychodramas and sweaty humpfests , horror-­flavored dramas and lighthearted adventures .
It 's a bit of a shame that AMC 's The Walking Dead is TV 's highest-rated horror series because it 's among the least compelling . Now shambling through season four , it remains one of TV 's most inexplicably popular shows—or maybe explicably popular , alas . Despite legit-scary moments , it 's as dramatically sophisticated as a weak soap , easy to half-watch and easier to hate-watch . Will Rick and the gang defend the prison against the zombie hordes ? Will Rick find time to get it on with the badass swordswoman Michonne ? Will Daryl and Carol become a memorable TV couple even though their names rhyme and they call them “ Pookie ” ? And , after four seasons , will the show reveal some semblance of a point ? At least makeup master Greg Nicotero keeps topping himself ; he 's a master sculptor working in Karo syrup and latex . Luckily , though , The Walking Dead is surrounded by horror shows that take risks , of a sort , and that play sprightly games with genre expectations . MTV 's Teen Wolf might be the best series based on a really stupid movie since Buffy the Vampire Slayer . Its mix of teen angst , superheroic mayhem , and poker-faced philosophizing is very Joss Whedon , even more so than the solidly entertaining and seemingly indestructible Supernatural ( now in its ninth season ) and The Vampire Diaries ( in its fifth ) .
The freshmen series Bates Motel and Hannibal sliced through the first half of 2013 like dervishes . Both were present-day “ prequels ” built around too-familiar serial-killer narratives , and both did new and frequently astonishing things with the one-hour weekly form . Vera Farmiga 's sensitive work as Norma Bates and Mads Mikkelsen 's unexpectedly dapper and empathetic work as Hannibal 's flesh-eating shrink demonstrated that horror was perfectly suited to modern TV 's post-Sopranos urge creating sympathy for devils . By delving deep into the tortuous relationship between Norma and their son , Norman , and expanding its scope and scrutinizing the hothouse corners of their furtive little Northwest town , the show evoked Twin Peaks in the best way . Hannibal was even more fascinating : a waking nightmare that might be the most purely visual ( and visually arresting ) series to air on American network TV since Miami Vice almost 30 years ago . Its bizarrely fussed-over tableaux reached back into horror history , beyond TV , beyond cinema even , to reconnect with Grand Guignol theater and the history of Western painting , with special emphasis on Francis Bacon and Salvador Dalí . On both shows , a big part of the excitement comes from wondering , Is any of this working ? An impressive percentage of the time , the answer is yes .
American Horror Story 's third season , subtitled Coven , is part bitchy-cutesy ­misfit-teen drama about witches in training , part antebellum race nightmare about a slave-torturing New Orleans society lady ( Kathy Bates ) supernaturally transplanted into the present . Returning star Jessica Lange steals the show , as they always do . They play a stylish succubus looking for a personal fountain of youth while spouting militant slogans to their young charges , who 've been warned to keep a low profile . As always , there 's an extra-dramatic excitement to American Horror Story , and it comes from wondering if series creators Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk will be able to mix several brands of oil and several types of water . But it 's okay . If they do n't pull it off , there 'll be a new story with new characters next season . Both its form and its content are , for commercial TV , quite radical . It is simultaneously a mini-series and an anthology show ( with the season rather than the episode as unit of measure ) , and it thrills at the chance to be at once trivial and cathartic , pandering to lust and bloodlust while sympathizing with society 's underdogs . It 's the show that HBO 's True Blood promised to be , and briefly was , and likely never will be again .
Fox 's Sleepy Hollow and NBC 's Dracula ( debuting October 25 ) liven up old horror stories with lush visuals and conspiracy-laden story lines about secret societies . In Sleepy Hollow , reawakened nineteenth-century soldier Ichabod Crane ( Tom Mison ) teams up with small-town cop Abbie Mills ( Nicole Beharie ) to battle the Headless Horseman , a harbinger of coming apocalypse . The series has some of the same coiled comic energy as Tim Burton 's same-named 1999 film ; it 's a comedy-­horror concoction , with action scenes that split the difference between brutality and elegance , and Scully-and-Mulder–style banter between Ichabod and Abbie . The hero 's fish-out-of-water rants are priceless . “ What 's insane is a 10 percent levy on baked goods , ” they grouse . “ You do realize the Revolutionary War began on less than 2 percent ? How is the public not flocking to the streets in outrage ? ” When the show threatens to become too arch , the horseman comes stalking in , blades flashing . He 's a great screen monster ; they and the Terminator would have a lot to not talk about .
Better still is the French mini-series The Returned , which makes its American debut on the Sundance Channel on October 31 . Pushing against TV horror 's tendency toward emphatic music and quick cutting , this early Stephen King–style tale of small-town creepiness takes its cues from older horror films in which silence and pregnant pauses put viewers off balance before springing the scares . People who were long dead start coming back without warning or explanation ( a development signaled by an early , stunning image of a pinned butterfly crashing through a glass display case ) , sparking confusion and terror . Some of the encounters evoke the returned abductees in Close Encounters of the Third Kind , while others have the nasty , bone-deep chill you associate with John Carpenter 's stalk-and-kill classics . Beneath it all is an air of existential dread . The universe is out of order . Life itself has gone haywire .
NBC 's Dracula bears little relation to Bram Stoker 's original story , but that 's not a bad thing . The show 's big selling point is its continual sense of surprise—well , that and its production values . A period piece by some of the producers behind Rome , Carnivàle , and Twin Peaks , Dracula is a steampunk-flavored reboot of the story , with all of our expected sympathies inverted . It looks like the most lavishly funded network show since , well , Hannibal ( maybe NBC should replace the peacock logo with a pile of burning money ) . Jonathan Rhys Meyers , the go-to leading man for tales of decadent , sexually avid anti-heroes , plays Vlad Tepes , a.k.a . Vlad the Impaler , a Drac drawn from Francis Ford Coppola 's 1992 film—a tragic anti-hero , out of their time in late-nineteenth-century London , posing as the American industrialist Alexander Grayson , falling madly in love with the ( possible ) reincarnation of their great lost love , Mina Murray ( Jessica De Gouw ) , and plotting to defeat the minions of the Order of the Dragon , a Stonecutters type of secret society that 's responsible for their epic suffering . The show has a knack for Godfather-style plots and counter­plots , as well as for sixties Hammer-horror violence that doles out gore and suffering strategically : a dollop of blood here , a severed head there . There 's a bracing wantonness to the writers ' inventions here . Nobody—not Dracula , not Mina , not Jonathan Harker ( Oliver Jackson-Cohen ) , not even the vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing ( Thomas Kretschmann ) —is quite as you expect them to be . Horror is a genre filled with dying and dead and undead things , but its pulse is undeniable . You can hear its heartbeat .
American Horror Story : Coven . FX . Wednesdays at 10 p.m .
The Returned . Sundance Channel . Thursdays at 9 p.m .
Dracula . NBC . Fridays at 10 p.m .
* This article originally appeared in the October 28 , 2013 issue of New York Magazine .
CHAPEL HILL , N.C. — Donald J. Trump 's supporters were probably heartened in September , when , according to an article shared nearly a million times on Facebook , the candidate received an endorsement from Pope Francis . Their opinions on Hillary Clinton may have soured even further after reading a Denver Guardian article that also spread widely on Facebook , which reported days before the election that an F.B.I . agent suspected of involvement in leaking Mrs. Clinton 's emails was found dead in an apparent murder-suicide .
There is just one problem with these articles : They were completely fake .
The pope , a vociferous advocate for refugees , never endorsed anyone . The Denver Guardian does n't exist . Yet thanks to Facebook , both of these articles were seen by potentially millions of people . Although corrections also circulated on the social network , they barely registered compared with the reach of the original fabrications .
This is not an anomaly : I encountered thousands of such fake stories last year on social media — and so did American voters , 44 percent of whom use Facebook to get news .
Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook 's chief , believes that it is “ a pretty crazy idea ” that “ fake news on Facebook , which is a very small amount of content , influenced the election in any way. ” In holding fast to the claim that their company has little effect on how people make up their minds , Mr. Zuckerberg is doing real damage to American democracy — and to the world .
Route map :
KML is from Wikidata
Riverside Drive is a scenic north-south thoroughfare in the Manhattan borough of New York City . The boulevard runs on the Upper West Side of Manhattan , generally parallel to the Hudson River from 72nd Street to near the George Washington Bridge at 181st Street . North of 96th Street , Riverside Drive is a wide divided boulevard ; at other points it divides to provide a serpentine local street with access to the residential buildings . Some of the most coveted addresses in New York are located along its route .
History and description [ edit ]
Development [ edit ]
Riverside Drive was designed by landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted as part of their concept for Riverside Park ; the 191 acres ( 0.77 km2 ) of land from 72nd to 125th Streets were undeveloped prior to construction of the Hudson River Railroad , built in 1846 to connect New York City to Albany . The first proposal to convert the riverside precipice into a park was contained in a pamphlet written by William R. Martin , a parks commissioner , in 1865 . In 1866 , a bill introduced into the Legislature by commissioner Andrew Green was approved , the first segment of park was acquired through condemnation in 1872 , and construction began .
At the same time , Riverside Drive was being developed as a scenic parkway . Olmsted drew up the plan for the joint Riverside Park and Riverside Drive project . Afterward , several architects started work on the project . Based on Central Park , the new project consisted of `` a tree-lined driveway curving around the valleys and rock outcroppings and overlooking the [ Hudson ] river '' . From 1875 to 1910 , architects and horticulturalists such as Calvert Vaux and Samuel Parsons laid out the stretch of park and road between 72nd and 125th Streets according to the English gardening ideal , creating the appearance that the park was an extension of the Hudson River Valley . Primary construction of the project was completed in about 1910 . [ 1 ]
In the 1930s , New York Central Railroad 's rail track north of 72nd Street was covered in a Robert Moses project called the West Side Improvement . [ 2 ] The project , which was bigger than the Hoover Dam project , created the Henry Hudson Parkway and buried the West Side Line in the Freedom Tunnel . It was so skillfully done that many believe the park and road are set on a natural slope . [ 3 ] Moses ' biographer Robert Caro envisaged Moses surveying the area before their project , finding :
a wasteland six miles ( 10 km ) long , stretching from where they stood all the way north to 181st street ... The 'park ' was nothing but a vast low-lying mass of dirt and mud . Unpainted , rusting , jagged wire fences along the tracks barred the city from its waterfront ... The engines that pulled trains along the tracks burned coal or oil ; from their smokestacks a dense black smog rose toward the apartment houses , coating windowsills with grit ... [ a stench ] seemed to hang over Riverside Drive endlessly after each passage of a train carrying south to the slaughterhouses in downtown Manhattan carload after carload of cattle and pigs . [ 4 ]
In the 1980s Donald Trump , then owner of the 57 acres ( 230,000 m2 ) of land just south of Riverside Park that had been the Penn Central freight rail yard , proposed a very large real estate development project . [ 5 ] However , hampered by their weakened financial condition and opposed by six civic groups ( Municipal Art Society , Natural Resources Defense Council , The Parks Council , Regional Plan Association , Riverside Park Fund , and Westpride ) , Trump agreed in 1990 to their plan , which was designed to mimic Riverside Park and Drive further north . Though scaled down , the project is still the second biggest private real estate venture under construction in New York City . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] The agreed-upon plan would expand Riverside Park by 23 acres ( 93,000 m2 ) and extend Riverside Drive to the south as Riverside Boulevard . [ 8 ]
Route [ edit ]
Starting at 72nd Street , Riverside Drive passes through the Manhattan neighborhoods of the Upper West Side , Morningside Heights , over Manhattanville in West Harlem by way of the Riverside Drive Viaduct and through Washington Heights . Below 72nd Street , Riverside Drive continues as Riverside Boulevard which stretches through Riverside South to 59th Street where it merges into the West Side Highway .
Only a few stretches of Riverside Drive were built along an older road ; due to the hilly terrain , Riverside Drive crosses a natural cleft in the bedrock at 87th Street on an iron viaduct and passes over 96th Street , Tiemann Place and 135th Street , and 158th Street on further viaducts . At Tiemann Place and 135th Street , and at 158th Street , an old alignment is present , also named Riverside Drive , while the viaduct portion or main route is officially named and signed `` Riverside Drive West '' . The viaduct between Tiemann Place and 135th Street is called the `` Riverside Drive Viaduct '' , as it is the most notable of the Riverside Drive viaducts .
At its north end , Riverside Drive merges with the northbound lanes of the Henry Hudson Parkway . In 2005 , the retaining wall of Castle Village collapsed onto both Riverside Drive and the northbound lanes of the Henry Hudson Parkway . [ 9 ] The wall was repaired and the roadway reopened in March 2008 . [ 10 ]
Riverside Drive terminated at Grant 's Tomb in a cul-de-sac , prior to the construction of the Manhattan Valley viaduct , spanning 125th Street , completed in 1900 . North of 158th Street the right of way which currently carries the name Riverside Drive was known as Boulevard Lafayette , which led to Plaza Lafayette in Hudson Heights . The section exiting the parkway at the Dyckman Street exit and ending at Broadway is still known as Riverside Drive .
The M5 New York City Bus route serves Riverside Drive from 72nd to 135th Streets . The Bx6 and Bx6 SBS terminate at Riverside Drive and 158th Street . [ 11 ]
Riverside Park [ edit ]
Riverside Park , part of the Manhattan Waterfront Greenway , is a scenic waterfront public park on a narrow 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) strip of land between the Hudson River and Riverside Drive . It is approximately 266.971 acres ( 108 ha ) . The new Riverside Park South , stretching between 72nd and 59th streets , is the central element of the Riverside South development . Portions of the former rail yard , such as the New York Central Railroad 69th Street Transfer Bridge , are incorporated into the new park .
125th Street viaduct [ edit ]
The elevated steel highway of the 125th Street viaduct , called the Riverside Drive Viaduct , between Tiemann Place and 135th Street and rising over Twelfth Avenue , is shouldered by masonry approaches . The viaduct proper was made of open hearth medium steel , comprising twenty-six spans , or bays , whose hypnotic repetition is much appreciated from underneath at street level . The south and north approaches are of rock-faced Mohawk Valley limestone with Maine granite trimmings , the face work being of coursed ashlar . The girders over Manhattan Street ( now 125th Street ) were the largest ever built at the time . The broad plaza effect of the south approach was designed to impart deliberate grandeur to the natural terminus of much of Riverside Drive 's traffic as well as to give full advantage to the vista overlooking the Hudson River and New Jersey Palisades to the west . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
125th Street Viaduct
Under construction
Below , facing north
Below , facing south
F. Stuart Williamson was the chief engineer for the viaduct , which constituted a feat of engineering technology . Despite the viaduct 's important utilitarian role as a highway , the structure was also a strong symbol of civic pride , inspired by America 's late 19th-century City Beautiful movement . The viaduct 's original roadway , wide pedestrian walks and overall design were sumptuously ornamented , creating a prime example of public works that married form and function . An issue of the Scientific American magazine in 1900 remarked that the Riverside Drive Viaduct 's completion afforded New Yorkers `` a continuous drive of ten miles along the picturesque banks of the Hudson and Harlem Rivers . `` [ 14 ] The viaduct underwent a two-year-long reconstruction in 1961 and another in 1987 .
Buildings and monuments [ edit ]
The eastern side of Riverside Drive , once a series of luxuriously finished rowhouses interspersed with free-standing nineteenth century mansions set in large lawns , today is lined with luxury apartment buildings and some remaining town houses from 72nd to 118th Streets .
The brick-faced Schwab House occupies the site of `` Riverside '' , built for steel magnate Charles M. Schwab , formerly the grandest and most ambitious house ever built on the island of Manhattan . Among the more eye-catching apartment houses are the curved facades of The Colosseum and The Paterno and the Cliff-Dwellers Apartments at 96th Street , with mountain lions and buffalo skulls on its friezes . The Henry Codman Potter house at 89th Street is one of the few remaining mansions on Riverside Drive ; it houses Yeshiva Chofetz Chaim . 310 Riverside Drive , a landmarked [ 15 ] 24-story Art Deco skyscraper , is near Columbia University and the 370 Riverside Drive building , which was erected in 1922–23 for approximately $ 800,000 by Simon Schwartz and Arthur Gross . [ 16 ] Also , the Nicholas Roerich Museum is on 107th Street and Riverside Drive . The Riverside Church is located at 120th Street and Riverside Drive .
Among the monuments , sights , and institutions along its route are the Eleanor Roosevelt statue by Penelope Jencks , [ 17 ] the Soldiers and Sailors Monument , Anna Hyatt Huntington 's Joan of Arc , [ 18 ] the Fireman 's Memorial at 100th Street ( a focus of spontaneous dedications of flowers and teddy bears after the September 11 attacks ) [ 19 ] Grant 's Tomb , The Interchurch Center , Riverside Church , Sakura Park , Riverbank State Park , Trinity Church Cemetery , Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center , and Fort Washington Park . Across from the Henry Codman Potter house is the Soldiers and Sailors Monument ( 1902 ) . At 99th Street is a memorial to Beaux-Arts architect John Merven Carrère by their partner Thomas Hastings . The Firefighters ' Memorial at 100th Street was sculpted by Attilio Piccirilli . It was installed in 1913 and restored in the late 20th century . [ 20 ]
Notable residents [ edit ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Film
Music
Riverside Drive on the viaduct is also seen during the climax of Lady Gaga 's music video for `` Marry the Night '' ( 2011 ) .
In the concert film Liza with a Z ( 1972 ) , Liza Minnelli performs the number `` Ring The Bells '' about a woman who meets their dream man while traveling in Europe despite the fact that , initially unbeknownst to them , they 'd been living next door to each other at 5 Riverside Drive .
( 1972 ) , Liza Minnelli performs the number `` Ring The Bells '' about a woman who meets their dream man while traveling in Europe despite the fact that , initially unbeknownst to them , they 'd been living next door to each other at 5 Riverside Drive . The hard rock band Tora Tora have a song called `` Riverside Drive '' on their debut album Surprise Attack ( 1992 ) .
Literature
In the novel Illuminatus ( 1975 ) , the character Joe Malik lives in a brownstone on Riverside Drive .
( 1975 ) , the character Joe Malik lives in a brownstone on Riverside Drive . In F. Scott Fitzgerald 's first novel , This Side of Paradise , Amory visits Mrs. Lawrence on Riverside Drive and reflects that the open space feels more pleasant than the more crowded parts of the city .
, Amory visits Mrs. Lawrence on Riverside Drive and reflects that the open space feels more pleasant than the more crowded parts of the city . In the novels by Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child Featuring Special Agent Pendergast , the main protagonist , Aloysius Pendergast lives in their Great-Uncle 's Mansion at 891 Riverside Drive .
In the novel Jahrestage ( Anniversaries ) by German author Uwe Johnson , the main character Gesine Cresspahl and their daughter Marie live at 243 Riverside Drive .
Television
Theater
Bob Randall 's play 6 Rms Riv Vu ( 1972 ) , tells the story of a married advertising copywriter and a discontented housewife who both end up looking at the same Riverside Drive apartment . The door is locked accidentally , trapping them inside , and a connection slowly develops as they begin to share the details of their respective lives .
( 1972 ) , tells the story of a married advertising copywriter and a discontented housewife who both end up looking at the same Riverside Drive apartment . The door is locked accidentally , trapping them inside , and a connection slowly develops as they begin to share the details of their respective lives . Between Riverside and Crazy , a 2014 play by Stephen Adley Guirgis .
Gallery [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
Stern , Robert A. M. ; Gilmartin , Gregory ; Mellins , Thomas ( 2009 ) New York 1930 . New York : Rizzoli .
Media related to Riverside Drive ( Manhattan ) at Wikimedia Commons
But the sheer craziness of this obsession by Donald Trump with Andrew Jackson and the Civil War is a carnival act unlike anything I have ever seen at the White House . And not to let something drop , there is Mr. Trump on Twitter just recently pouring gasoline on the fires of their ignorance .
Nevermind that Mr. Trump 's knowledge of American history seems below that of most gradeschoolers . Nevermind that in many people 's view , Jackson is not exactly the kind of president , or man , you would want to hold up as an example . And nevermind that there is an implicit criticism of arguably our greatest president , Abraham Lincoln . ( It reminds me of their slam against John McCain and how war heroes are n't captured . Apparently great presidents do n't wage a war to keep the Union together ) .
These are the rantings of someone who really should be focused on the job of governing . Should we not conclude that they approach policy decisions with the same half-baked conspiracies with which they apparently approach history ?
To be President of the United States is to part of the great American story . To not understand that story is to not understand the presidency . Maybe Frederick Douglass can give Mr. Trump some advice . Apparently , he 's `` an example of somebody who 's done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more . ''
Share . The release is also nigh . The release is also nigh .
The End Is Nigh is coming to Nintendo Switch on December 12 .
Edmund McMillen , who created the game along with Tyler Glaiel , made the announcement in a post on Twitter . In addition to The End Is Nigh , McMillen is behind The Binding of Isaac and Super Meat Boy .
Exit Theatre Mode
The End Is Nigh puts players in control of a blob-like creature named Ash , who must conquer various platforming challenges in the game 's post-apocalyptic world . The game also features hidden mini-games and collectibles .
McMillen announced The End Is Nigh for PC and Switch earlier this year , with the game launching on Steam in July . In addition , Super Meat Boy Forever is coming to Switch next year , so it looks like there wo n't be a shortage of platformers on Nintendo 's console anytime soon .
Brian Barnett is an IGN Freelance Writer . They are a big fan of Super Meat Boy , and the prospect of getting another tough platformer on Switch is tantalizing to him . You can follow them on Twitter @ Ribnax .
Nearly $ 480 million has been wiped off the value of Australian retailers since the May budget was delivered , as the confession season produces a number of high-profile corporate downgrades and raises fears of more to come .
More than half a dozen retailers including Kathmandu Holdings , Pacific Brands , Super Retail Group , The Reject Shop , toy wholesaler Funtastic , footwear chain RCG Group and Noni B have downgraded earnings forecasts in the past month .
JB Hi-Fi 's business model is predominately made up of its network of 187 stores . Credit : Glenn Hunt
Most retailers have blamed unseasonally warm weather and a scary federal budget for consumers tightening their purse strings despite the appeal of historically low interest rates , which are supposed to make households feel better about spending .
`` Discretionary retailing and media may struggle without further cuts to interest rates , while consumer staples appear overvalued , '' Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australian head of strategy Malcolm Wood said .
Sen. Ted Cruz tried to get the Senate to consider a measure Thursday providing that any American who joins the fight with terrorist groups such as the Islamic State would immediately renounce their U.S. citizenship , but a Democratic senator objected , saying more time is necessary to weigh the significant constitutional issues it raises .
Ahead of the Senate 's scheduled consideration Thursday afternoon of a proposal to arm and train Syrian rebels , part of President Obama 's strategy to combat the terrorist group , the Texas Republican asked for unanimous consent to pass the Expatriate Terrorist Act they introduced earlier this month .
The measure makes providing support to or fighting for a terrorist group targeting the U.S. “ an affirmative renunciation of American citizenship , ” Mr. Cruz said on the Senate floor Thursday . They pointed out that former Sens . Joe Lieberman , Connecticut independent , and Scott Brown , Massachusetts Republican , introduced a similar measure several years ago related to al Qaeda .
“ If we do not pass this legislation , the consequence will be that Americans fighting alongside ISIS today may come home tomorrow with a U.S. passport , may come home to New York or Los Angeles or Houston or Chicago and innocent Americans may be murdered if the Senate does not act today , ” Mr. Cruz said .
Sen. Mazie Hirono , Hawaii Democrat , objected , saying the bill has not been brought before the Senate Judiciary Committee and it affects “ fundamental constitutional rights , which should be given the full deliberation of the Senate . ”
“ Legislation that grants the government the ability to strip citizenship from Americans is a serious matter , raising significant constitutional issues , ” they said .
Mr. Cruz said in response that there is an “ urgency and an exigency ' to the situation .
“ It is unfortunate that Democratic senators chose to object to this to prevent this common-sense change in law , and I would note when it comes to the constitutional concerns , I do n't know if anyone in this Senate has been more vigorous or more consistent in terms of defending the constitutional rights of Americans that I have endeavored to be during my short tenure here , ” they said . “ I will yield to no one in passion for defending constitutional liberties … it is current law right now that if you go and join a foreign nation and take up arms against America , that act has long been recognized as constituting a constructive renunciation of United States citizenship . ”
They said existing law provides due process for individuals and the measure is a recognition of changing circumstances in the world .
“ The question is very simple : would any reasonable person want an American who is right now in Iraq , who is right now training with ISIS , who is right now taking up arms , who is right now participating in crucifying Christians , who is right now beheading children , who [ has ] right now participated in beheading two American journalists , who is right now standing arm-in-arm with virulent terrorists who have pledged to take jihad to America — would anyone of good conscience in either party want that person to be able to come back and land in LaGuardia airport with a U.S. passport and walk unmolested onto our streets ? ” they said .
“ The obvious answer is no , and it saddens me that we could not see Republicans and Democrats come together , ” they continued . “ It saddens me that in an election year the Democratic senators up for election chose to block this common-sense legislation , rather than to work together to protect the American citizens . I hope in time we see less election-year politics and more service to the men and women who all of us are obliged to protect . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
But this approach will not solve the problem of stratospheric drug prices , for several reasons . For many diseases , there exist only a couple of effective drugs , with little price competition . Also , Medicare would have little negotiating leverage since , unlike private insurers , it can not maintain an approved drug list and exclude overly expensive drugs from coverage .
The bigger problem , though , is that Medicare negotiations would do nothing to contain drug prices for the 170 million Americans who have private health insurance , through their employer , the exchanges , or by self-purchase . Having the federal government negotiate lower prices for Medicare would most likely drive up prices on the private side as drug companies tried to recoup their “ lost ” profits .
Almost all developed countries — including those run by very conservative governments — have an effective solution for drug prices , which is why these countries often pay less than half of what people in the United States pay for drugs . For instance , Australia 's more than 60-year-old Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme has been the single purchaser of drugs for the country , making drugs available at fixed prices that are now listed online .
If the United States were to consider such an approach , drug companies would immediately raise two objections : the high risks associated with drug development and , related , the high cost of research and development . But both of these arguments are fatuous . It is true that a vast majority of drugs fail . On average , only one in every 5,000 compounds that drug companies discover and put through preclinical testing becomes an approved drug . Of the drugs started in clinical trials on humans , only 10 percent secure F.D.A . approval .
Regardless of the risks , many drug companies are making huge profits . Gilead , maker of Sovaldi , has profits of around 50 percent . Biogen , Amgen and other biotech firms have profits of around 30 percent . Merck and Pfizer are seeing profits of 18 percent or more . Even if profits were cut by a third or a half , there would be sufficient incentive to assume the risks of drug development .
Two huge processes are happening right before our eyes . One is the Arab liberation revolution . After half a century during which tyrants have ruled the Arab world , their control is weakening . After 40 years of decaying stability , the rot is eating into the stability . The Arab masses will no longer accept what they used to accept . The Arab elites will no longer remain silent .
Processes that have been roiling beneath the surface for about a decade are suddenly bursting out in an intifada of freedom . Modernization , globalization , telecommunications and Islamization have created a critical mass that can not be stopped . The example of democratic Iraq is awakening others , and Al Jazeera 's subversive broadcasts are fanning the flames . And so the Tunisian bastille fell , the Cairo bastille is falling and other Arab bastilles will fall .
The scenes are similar to the Palestinian intifada of 1987 , but the collapse recalls the Soviet collapse in Eastern Europe of 1989 . No one knows where the intifada will lead . No one knows whether it will bring democracy , theocracy or a new kind of democracy . But things will never again be the same .
The old order in the Middle East is crumbling . Just as the officers ' revolution in the 1950s brought down the Arab monarchism that had relied on the colonial powers , the 2011 revolution in the square is bringing down the Arab tyrants who were dependent on the United States .
The second process is the acceleration of the decline of the West . For some 60 years the West gave the world imperfect but stable order . It built a kind of post-imperial empire that promised relative quiet and maximum peace . The rise of China , India , Brazil and Russia , like the economic crisis in the United States , has made it clear that the empire is beginning to fade .
And yet , the West has maintained a sort of international hegemony . Just as no replacement has been found for the dollar , none has been found for North Atlantic leadership . But Western countries ' poor handling of the Middle East proves they are no longer leaders . Right before our eyes the superpowers are turning into palaver powers .
There are no excuses for the contradictions . How can it be that Bush 's America understood the problem of repression in the Arab world , but Obama 's America ignored it until last week ? How can it be that in May 2009 , Hosni Mubarak was an esteemed president whom Barack Obama respected , and in January 2011 , Mubarak is a dictator whom even Obama is casting aside ? How can it be that in June 2009 , Obama did n't support the masses who came out against the zealot Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , while now they stand by the masses who are coming out against the moderate Mubarak ?
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
There is one answer : The West 's position is not a moral one that reflects a real commitment to human rights . The West 's position reflects the adoption of Jimmy Carter 's worldview : kowtowing to benighted , strong tyrants while abandoning moderate , weak ones .
Carter 's betrayal of the Shah brought us the ayatollahs , and will soon bring us ayatollahs with nuclear arms . The consequences of the West 's betrayal of Mubarak will be no less severe . It 's not only a betrayal of a leader who was loyal to the West , served stability and encouraged moderation . It 's a betrayal of every ally of the West in the Middle East and the developing world . The message is sharp and clear : The West 's word is no word at all ; an alliance with the West is not an alliance . The West has lost it . The West has stopped being a leading and stabilizing force around the world .
The Arab liberation revolution will fundamentally change the Middle East . The acceleration of the West 's decline will change the world . One outcome will be a surge toward China , Russia and regional powers like Brazil , Turkey and Iran . Another will be a series of international flare-ups stemming from the West 's lost deterrence . But the overall outcome will be the collapse of North Atlantic political hegemony not in decades , but in years . When the United States and Europe bury Mubarak now , they are also burying the powers they once were . In Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the age of Western hegemony is fading away .
StarCraft II is going free-to-play starting on November 14th , Blizzard announced during its annual BlizzCon conference .
The new free version of the game will offer access to the Wings of Liberty single-player campaign , along with every co-op commander up through level five . Blizzard is also making the game 's online ranked competitive multiplayer available for free with access to units from all three StarCraft II releases — although players will have to unlock that mode first by achieving 10 “ First Wins of the Day ” in unranked games or against the computer , something Blizzard says it 's doing to “ preserve the quality and integrity of the ranked experience . ”
StarCraft 2 is going Free to Play !
Campaign : Wings of Liberty Free
Commanders : Free to lvl 5
Ranked : Free Unlock
https : //t.co/GDwvQvib77 pic.twitter.com/X9Vx79nQjo — StarCraft ( @ StarCraft ) November 3 , 2017
For players who already own Wings of Liberty , Blizzard will be offering the second expansion for StarCraft II , Heart of the Swarm , for free instead .
It 's not the first time Blizzard has offered a free StarCraft game , either : earlier this year , Blizzard released the original StarCraft for free , too .
CAIRO—A Canadian journalist working for Al-Jazeera English and their two colleagues were sentenced to seven years in prison by an Egyptian court on terrorism-related charges on Monday , in a case that has dealt a severe blow to press freedom in Egypt and sparked condemnation around the world . The sentences were handed down to Mohamed Fahmy , an experienced journalist with dual Egyptian-Canadian citizenship who previously worked with CNN and The New York Times ; Peter Greste , an award-winning Australian correspondent who also worked with the BBC ; and Baher Mohamed , an Egyptian producer who previously worked with Japanese news outlet Asahi Shimbun . Mohamed received an additional three years in prison for possession of a single spent bullet casing they found on the ground during a protest , Al-Jazeera said .
Mohamed Fahmy listens to the verdict inside the defendants ' cage during their trial on Monday in Cairo . ( KHALED DESOUKI / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
Article Continued Below
The courtroom , which was packed with journalists , diplomats and family members , erupted after the sentences were read out by the judge . Fahmy grabbed the caged dock and shouted out against the ruling before court police grabbed them and hauled them away . “ They 'll pay for this , ” they screamed . Fahmy 's younger brother Adel angrily yelled insults at the court . Their mother , Wafaa , wept as they tried to cover Adel 's mouth , afraid for their safety . “ This is not a system and it 's not a country . They ruined our lives , they ruined the whole family , ” said Adel . “ Everything is corrupt . This country is corrupt through and through. ” Family members of the three journalists say they will appeal . Harsh court rulings against any opposition voices have increasingly become the norm , but some cases have had success on appeal . In December , 14 women and girls sentenced to 11 years in prison after a peaceful protest were set free a month later after a court reduced their term to a one-year suspended sentence following an international outcry . “ These rulings are not based on law , they are based on politics , ” said Gamal Eid , a lawyer and the executive director of the Arabic Network for Human Rights . “ The Al-Jazeera verdict is political so political pressure will come to bear on appeal . ”
Greste said nothing after Monday 's ruling and only raised a fist in the air as an act of silent defiance . Their brother , Andrew , said they would visit with them on Tuesday . “ All those words really do n't do my emotions justice , ” they said . “ This definitely was n't an outcome we were expecting. ” The three men were arrested in December and have already been imprisoned for nearly six months , held for 23 hours a day inside their shared cell .
Article Continued Below
Prosecutors have accused them of conspiring with the Muslim Brotherhood — designated a terrorist organization by Egyptian authorities — to spread “ false news ” and smear country 's reputation in order to bring down the military-backed government . Videos presented by the prosecution throughout the trial showed little more than uncontroversial footage and unfinished news reports . At times , videos that had nothing to do with Egypt or Al-Jazeera were shown . “ We have n't seen any evidence that would support the charges brought against them , ” said Mohamed Lotfy , a trial observer for Amnesty International . “ You have to put the verdict in the context of a politicized judiciary where trials are being used as a means to crack down on dissenting voices and on media outlets that broadcast views that the government does n't want to be heard. ” Since the military-backed ouster of elected president Mohammed Morsi in July last year , as many as 41,000 people have been imprisoned or charged in Egypt , the vast majority of them for political reasons , according to a local rights group . While the Brotherhood and their supporters have been the primary target , the crackdown has broadened to encompass dissenting voices across the political spectrum , including many of the prominent activists who helped launch the 2011 revolution . A total of 20 defendants were named in the Al-Jazeera case . Four students , who had no connection to Al-Jazeera , were sentenced to seven years in jail and a further 11 people were sentenced in absentia to 10 years in jail , including British journalists Sue Turton and Dominic Kane of Al-Jazeera and Dutch journalist Rena Netjes who met with Fahmy once in the hotel where they were arrested . Two people were acquitted , including the son of leading Brotherhood figure Mohamed el-Beltagy . A statement on the verdict issued by the office of the prosecutor general described the prison sentences as a “ deterrent. ” Fahmy , 40 , was born in Kuwait to Egyptian parents . The family immigrated to Canada in 1991 and received Canadian citizenship in 1994 . After graduating from City University in Vancouver , Fahmy worked in the Middle East as a journalist in the United Arab Emirates , Lebanon and elsewhere , before moving to Egypt in 2011 to cover the revolution , where they worked primarily with CNN . They are the author of two books , Baghdad Bound : An Interpreter 's Chronicles of the Iraq War and Egyptian Freedom Story . In May , they won the Canadian Committee for World Press Freedom award , which described them as “ a passionate journalist and advocate of press freedom who is facing retribution and censorship for exercising their right to free expression. ” Fahmy says they have been left permanently disabled after having been denied proper medical care in prison for an injury to their shoulder that deteriorated when they were in solitary confinement with no bed or sunlight for six weeks . Canadian ambassador to Egypt , David Drake , attended Monday 's session , along with the ambassadors of Australia , Britain , Holland and Latvia . “ Obviously we are very disappointed with this outcome , ” Drake said , refusing to comment on whether the ruling would affect relations between Ottawa and Cairo . “ The defence counsel did an excellent job in making it clear that there is no incriminating evidence with regard to the charges and that there are multiple procedural shortcomings with regard to the trial itself . Therefore we do not understand this verdict. ” U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemned the verdict in a statement on Monday : “ Today 's conviction and chilling , draconian sentences . . . in a trial that lacked many fundamental norms of due process , is a deeply disturbing setback to Egypt 's transition , ” they said . Their comments came one day after they met with Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi during a brief visit to Egypt . Kerry said they discussed the Al-Jazeera case with el-Sissi but also signalled that Washington would fully restore suspended military aid to Egypt . Al Anstey , the managing director of Al-Jazeera English , said in a statement that the verdicts defied “ logic , sense , and any semblance of justice. ” “ Today three colleagues and friends were sentenced , and will continue behind bars for doing a brilliant job of being great journalists . ‘ Guilty ' of covering stories with great skill and integrity . ‘ Guilty ' of defending people 's right to know what is going on in their world , ” they said . Sharif Abdel Kouddous is a Cairo-based fellow at the Nation Institute . MORE ON THESTAR.COM Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy awaits verdict in Egyptian trial Canadian journalist hopes for release on medical grounds
Read more about :
The proposed redesign of Fourth Avenue would add protected bike lanes . View Full Caption DOT
PARK SLOPE — Two protected bike lanes could be installed along Fourth Avenue as part of a redesign of the bustling thoroughfare , the Department of Transportation announced Thursday .
The proposed cycling path would run between Dean Street and 65th Street on both the east side and west side of Fourth Avenue between Bay Ridge and Boerum Hill , DOT said . The lanes would run four miles each way , adding a total of eight new miles of protected bikeway to Brooklyn , DOT officials said .
The lanes would be similar to the once-controversial bike path on Prospect Park West , with a line of parked cars providing a buffer between bicyclists and moving traffic , DOT said .
`` The chance to redesign one of New York City 's 'Great Streets ' may only come about every fifty years , and so it 's critical we get it right , '' said DOT Commissioner Polly Trottenberg . `` The dramatic surge in cycling , combined with safety changes that have dramatically improved Fourth Avenue 's safety and livability , have simply transformed the way Brooklynites see this street . ''
The new bike lanes wo n't require the approval of community boards or the City Council , but the DOT wants to make sure locals are on board with the plan before embarking on the project , an agency spokesperson said .
Starting this month , DOT officials will collect feedback from elected officials , community boards and neighborhood residents at public workshops , Trottenberg said .
DOT has been making safety upgrades to Fourth Avenue since 2011 , when a series of left turns were banned and some pedestrian crossings were shortened . The tweaks have helped cut serious crashes involving pedestrians on the northern end of Fourth Avenue by 68 percent , DOT said .
Construction was set to start this year on another round of upgrades , including widening medians . The new bike lanes would replace that project , though some elements of the original plan would still happen , such as adding greenery and public art to medians .
`` We think this would be a great addition to the proposed green medians and public art , '' said S.J . Avery , co-chair of the Park Slope Civic Council 's Forth on Fourth committee . `` We 're very interested in anything that would promote the safety of Fourth Avenue for pedestrians , drivers and cyclists and we really look forward to hearing more about this from DOT . ''
RELATED : Parents , Schools Worry About Future of Fourth Avenue Safety Upgrades
RELATED : Police to Crack Down on Speeding Near Schools For One Week
RELATED : Public Art Project Makes Waves on Fourth Avenue
The Environmental Protection Agency 's mission is to protect human health and the environment , but nearly 100 of its own employees based in the Bay Area believe they 're getting sick just by going to work . The head of Region 9 EPA , Jared Blumenfeld , acknowledges indoor air quality problems , but blames the building management company , Hines Property Management . Hines said it has worked diligently to resolve the problems and plans to re-evaluate the building 's air flow floor by floor once building renovations are complete . Senior investigative reporter Vicky Nguyen reports in a video that first aired on Feb. 22 , 2016 . ( Published Wednesday , Feb. 24 , 2016 )
The Environmental Protection Agency 's mission is to protect human health and the environment , but nearly 100 of its own employees based in the Bay Area believe they 're getting sick just by going to work . Employees say the indoor air quality is so bad at the EPA Region 9 Headquarters in San Francisco , they 're unable to do their jobs .
The irony is not lost on Taly Jolish , a staff attorney for the EPA and vice president of ASGE Local 1236 , one of Region 9 's three unions . `` It just seems crazy to us that someone would be risking their health by coming into the office to work on cleaning up the environment elsewhere , '' Jolish said .
Testing conducted by Berkeley Analytical , an environmental testing lab hired by the EPA , showed elevated levels of two potentially dangerous chemicals , formaldehyde and caprolactam . The EPA classifies formaldehyde as a `` probable human carcinogen '' and some studies found long-term exposure associated with certain types of cancer . Caprolactam 's health effects are less known , but the EPA notes long-term exposure increases the potential for adverse health effects . The two chemicals tested above California state standards . The EPA does not believe it 's out of compliance with the state because the levels were not sustained over eight hours , but the agency never tested over an eight-hour span of time . That 's something the EPA unions want . `` Our management is on a learning curve . Their initial response was to push back very hard , '' Jolish said .
EPA employees first started complaining of health problems at work in December 2014 , when the first phase of the building renovation was completed . Employees say they believe 75 Hawthorne is a `` sick building . ''
`` I think it meets EPA 's criteria in its literature as a sick building , '' said Mark Sims , president of IFPTE Local 20 Union .
The EPA does in fact have a sick building fact sheet . Symptoms include headaches , irritation , dizziness and nausea , which are the same symptoms employees reported to their union reps in a survey .
Of the 139 employees who filled it out , 64 percent reported feeling sick after renovations began . `` We have about 600 people in our building , '' said Patrick Chan , the union president of NTEU Chapter 295 . `` When they came to me , they were really , really concerned . The union feels you should n't come to work and get sick . ''
The NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit showed the air quality reports to David Sassee , a senior environmental inspector at Healthy Building Science , and they came to the same conclusion as the EPA . `` If they 're not getting good air flow then those chemicals do n't have any way to be flushed out and they 'll just continue to persist until you can get some ventilation for much longer , even a couple of years , '' Sassee said
The head of EPA Region 9 , Jared Blumenfeld , agrees but stops short of calling 75 Hawthorne a sick building . They say he 's just as frustrated as their employees and has also felt sick working in the building .
`` Was there a problem ? Yes . Were people feeling symptoms including me ? Absolutely . It was a royal pain , '' Blumenfeld said . `` This is not a sick building . A sick building really has some attributes this did n't have . We have a handle on what the problems are here , '' Blumenfeld said .
In a tour of one of the floors with the worst indoor air quality levels , they pointed out yellow Post-it notes stuck to the ventilation , to see if the air was moving . It was n't . `` We need a ventilation system that works , '' Blumenfeld said . They say the responsibility of fixing the ventilation problem rests squarely with Hines , the building management company , not the EPA .
`` I know it 's the building management because we spent more than $ 100,000 to work out the answer , '' Blumenfeld said . `` When we asked the building management if we can see the system to know that it 's balanced properly that it is working , they said no . ''
Blumenfeld said they pushed Hines management to increase the air flow , after conducting its own independent testing . But they said Hines did n't increase the ventilation until the NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit contacted the company . `` You 're phoning the building got a lot of action , '' Blumenfeld said .
Hines declined to be interviewed , but in a statement said , `` We have worked diligently for some time to address and resolve any air flow concerns raised . '' A company spokesperson also said Hines is also conducting a comprehensive analysis of the building 's HVAC system and will re-evaluate the building 's air flow floor by floor once construction is complete .
Union leaders say it has taken too long , with too few results . Ultimately , they say public safety is suffering because the workers who are on the front lines of protecting the American public 's health and safety are now fighting for their own health . `` An agency that 's mission is to protect the environment and health has failed to do so in this case , '' Chan said .
If you have a tip for the Investigative Unit , call us at 888-996-TIPS ( 8477 ) or email TheUnit @ nbcbayarea.com . You can email Vicky directly at Vicky @ nbcbayarea.com . Follow them on Twitter at www.twitter.com/vickydnguyen and Facebook at www.facebook.com/vickynguyenTV
( C ) “ SingularityU Japan Summit 2017 ”
The first Singularity University Summit in Japan wrapped up on Friday , September 8 , at Miraikan ( National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation ) , tackling the theme “ Shaping Japan 's Future Together . ”
( C ) “ SingularityU Japan Summit 2017 ”
Singularity University is a Silicon Valley think tank that offers educational programs and a business incubator . According to its website , Singularity University is a global community using exponential technologies to tackle the world 's biggest challenges .
The 3-day summit opened on Wednesday with a storytelling-style introduction from Marco Tempest and their magical synchronized drone session . It meant to inspire the audience 's mind in preparation for the opening keynote speech titled , “ Living in an Exponential World , ” presented by Will Weisman .
( C ) “ SingularityU Japan Summit 2017 ”
Kazuto Ataka ( Yahoo ! Japan ) and Junichi Rekimoto ( University of Tokyo ) joined experts from other countries in presenting the latest trends in their field of specialities . Participants learned about topics like “ Exonomics – Exponential Economics , ” “ Technology Solving Global Challenges , ” and “ The Future of Medicine . ”
Learn more about the Singularity University 's work here : https : //su.org/ and watch their previous summits on their YouTube channel .
( C ) “ SingularityU Japan Summit 2017 ”
Dogwood Place Apartments
Directions To | Directions From 35.007451 , -85.188450
Document : East Ridge Police Field Offense Report The field report for July 4 after a teenager shot themselves in the head at Dogwood Place Apartments after showing off the gun .
An East Ridge teenager died after shooting themselves Sunday at Dogwood Place Apartments , according to an incident report from the East Ridge Police Department .
Police originally said the shooting was accidental but further investigation after police questioned two witnesses determined the victim , 17 , died after unloading all but one round and pulling the trigger with the pistol pointed at their head .
One of the witnesses told police the girl had gone to the apartment to show them the gun . They then aimed it at their head , and they yelled at them to stop and reached for the gun , according to the report . They were then taken to Parkridge East Hospital and later died .
Investigators determined the evidence on scene confirmed the statements .
Could someone remind me how old President Donald Trump was at the time of the real life evacuation of Dunkirk in 1940 ? Oh , they still would n't be born for another six years ? Really ? However , this did not prevent Rolling Stone movie reviewer Peter Travers from invoking their name in a negative way from out of nowhere in the middle of a review of what looks to be an outstanding film , `` Dunkirk . ''
First let us look at the positive aspect of Travers ' review when they focused strictly on the movie before taking their cheap shot at Trump . Before they came to that completely unneccessary jarring moment , Traver 's provided us with a glowing review to the extent that `` Christopher Nolan 's WWII Epic May Be the Greatest War Film Ever '' :
From first frame to last , Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk is a monumental achievement , a World War II epic of staggering visual spectacle ( see it in IMAX if you can ) that hits you like a shot in the heart . Leave it to a filmmaking virtuoso at the peak of their powers to break both new ground and all the rules – who else would make a triumphant war film about a crushing Allied defeat ? And who but Nolan , born in London to a British father and an American mother , would tackle WWII without America in it ? The time is 1940 , and the Yanks have n't yet entered the hostilities . There are 400,000 British , French , Canadian and Belgian soldiers trapped on the beaches of a small French town called Dunkirk , all waiting to be evacuated before they 're wiped out by the might of Hitler on land , sea and air . The Allied troops are sitting ducks , caught in a vise of tension that the director makes throat-catchingly palpable on screen . It 's a brutal irony that the English Channel , a 26-mile stretch of water , is so close the British soldiers can squint and see home . But the water is too shallow for large rescue ships ; only small boats and private yachts can get in . A miracle is needed in the form of a mini-armada manned by civilians . A miracle is what they get .
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Okay , so far so good and your humble correspondent plans to take the reviewer 's advice and watch it in IMAX . The following few paragraphs are equally enlightening until we reach Travers ' obvious obsession that they ca n't get out of their mind resulting in this cheap shot out of nowhere :
So it 's impossible to overstate the importance of this battle , especially to the people of Great Britain . To outsiders , especially here in Trump 's America , the significance might be lost – or even be counted as a spoiler .
Of course , this had nothing at all to do with the movie . This cheap shot was so obvious that it was commented upon by some Rolling Stone commenters :
Stop sniffing glue before you grab your computer . Feel free to insult Americans while acting like your knowledge of history extends beyond anything you 've seen in a movie theater . You are such an utter tool . RS just could n't write a story without a swipe at Trump . Whether it 's music , film , art or some made up BS about a campus horror , you just ca n't help your self . Pathetic . As the original liberal rage machine said , `` move on . '' Dunkirk has nothing to do with with Trump . Please go and double your SRI medication along with Travers . They have managed to bring up Trump in Boss Baby , Fantastic Beasts , The Founder , Spider-Man just to name a few .
Exit question : If a movie is made about false accusations of rape on a college campus , would it be a cheap shot or reality to mention Rolling Stone in a film review ?
From the DNC 's Protecting the Vote site .
Man , the Right is shameless . Following in the footsteps of James O'Keefe , another Republican operative tried to commit voter fraud in order to prove voter fraud exists .
First came this sensational story out of New Mexico .
An Albuquerque man says they successfully registered their dog to vote in Bernalillo County . The dog owner said they saw a voter registration booth on the University of New Mexico 's campus a few weeks ago and decided to see how easy it would be to register their dog to vote . They said they were trying to expose the problems with the registration system . They said they just received the dog 's voter registration card in the mail Wednesday , and it was way too easy . KOB Eyewitness News 4 contacted the Bernalillo County Clerk 's Office . They said state law does not require proof of your social , your date of birth , or even your name . But they said what this man did is voter fraud .
And , of course , that `` dog owner '' who was just `` trying to expose the problems with the registration system '' is Thomas Tolbert , husband of Heather Wade . Who just happens to be a senior staffer from Republican Heather Wilson 's U.S. Senate campaign . Go figure .
Another Republican proves that the only problem this country has with voter fraud is the fraud manufactured by Republicans to justify their voter suppression efforts .
For more of the week 's news , make the jump below the fold .
A dray at a railroad car , modeled at the Steam Museum in Swindon , UK
Shipping Containers at the terminal at Port Elizabeth , New Jersey . Units in the foreground have been placed on chassis and await drayage to their destination .
Drayage is defined as the transport of goods over a short distance in the shipping industry and logistics industry . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Drayage is often part of a longer overall move , such as from a ship to a warehouse . Some research defines it specifically as `` a truck pickup from or delivery to a seaport , border point , inland port , or intermodal terminal with both the trip origin and destination in the same urban area '' . [ 3 ] Port drayage is the term used when describing [ 4 ] short hauls from ports and other areas to nearby locations . Drayage is a key aspect of the transfer of shipments to and from other means of transportation . The term drayage is also used for the fee paid for such services .
History [ edit ]
The term originally meant `` to transport by a sideless cart '' , or dray . Such carts , pulled by dray horses , were used to move goods short distances , limited by the physical limitations of a dray horse . Dray activities generally occurred at marine ports , spreading to canal and rail terminals . Over time , the dray horse was replaced by the delivery truck .
The study of drayage is a relatively new area , as recent events have elevated the prominence of the dray industry . Economically , NAFTA and the growth of globalized trade have dramatically increased imports and exports that are shipped in marine International Organization for Standardization containers . Furthermore , the rise in fuel costs have limited the options for cost-cutting along the supply chain . Although drayage is a very small component ( both in terms of time and distance ) of the supply chain , its cost and potential problems can be disproportionately high .
Various interest groups began realizing the influence of drayage . For example , environmentalists sought to reduce harbor trucking pollution by regulating dray activities . Shocked by the spike in fuel prices , businesses became more aware of the costs of port congestion and regulations concerning driver hours of service . Public safety advocates worried that dray trucks , which use city streets during normal working hours , were `` under-regulated and a risk to commuters '' . Lastly , organized labor was concerned about the bargaining power of the trucking industry , as dray drivers were purported to be `` low bid carriers '' . [ 3 ]
In intermodal freight transport , drayage is the transport of containerized cargo by specialized trucking companies between ocean ports or rail ramps and shipping docks . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Once the cargo is loaded into a container , it is n't touched again until it reaches its destination . [ 7 ]
For those who are unaware , I have been swamped with other projects ( one of them being Turok2 EX ) and has left me with little to no time to update Doom64EX . However since the most recent release , I have gotten help from a few contributors . For the time being , dotfloat , MP2E and Quasar will be assisting me in maintaining Doom64EX .
The following is a list of goals that dotfloat hopes to accomplish :
GitHub repo : https : //github.com/svkaiser/Doom64EX
New Stuff :
* SDL2 support
* Wadgen integration
* Various bugfixes
* 64-bit support on Windows and Linux
What needs to be done before a full release can be considered :
* New UI for Wadgen
* Fix save/load-related crashes
What wo n't be considered for the next release :
* Multiplayer
* Doom Builder 64
Plan for the future :
* Full controller support
* Support for multiple image and audio formats
* Scripting
While nothing is set in stone yet , since I have the tenancy to drop off the face of the earth , I do have plans on migrating the Kex3 codebase with Doom64EX as I start wrapping up other things . This will introduce a ton of new features and improvements ( hopefully ) from my other projects . Anyways , thanks for keeping interest in this project wish the guys the best of luck !
7 years ago
( CNN ) – Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul will take on rival Rick Santorum in a new ad in South Carolina , less than two weeks before the state 's first-in-the-South primary .
In the commercial , set to begin airing Monday on statewide cable TV , Paul hits the former Pennsylvania senator as a `` corporate lobbyist and Washington politician '' with a `` record of betrayal . ''
– Follow the Ticker on Twitter : @ PoliticalTicker
The spot takes a similar tone as a scathing ad the Paul campaign released against former House Speaker Newt Gingrich during the candidate 's November surge , calling Gingrich a `` serial hypocrite . ''
`` Now , another has emerged , '' said the new ad , as images of Santorum appeared on the screen .
The commercial attacks the former senator on a number of issues , including their vote to raise the debt ceiling five times . Paul also spotlighted Santorum 's vote for the infamous `` Bridge to Nowhere '' in Alaska , a federal earmark over which Perry also railed Santorum in a recent radio ad .
While a new CNN/Time/ORC Poll released Friday showed former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney far ahead of the GOP pack in South Carolina with 37 % of support , Santorum took second place with 19 % .
Following behind were Gingrich at 18 % and Paul at 12 % .
`` This ad showcases the real Rick Santorum and it 's the reason why Santorum should be leery of competing in the 'First in the South ' Republican primary , and it is why we hope for a strong , competitive showing in the Palmetto State , '' added Mr. Benton .
Earlier in the week , Paul made headlines when they described Santorum as `` very liberal '' in an interview with CNN just hours before the former senator bested Paul in the Iowa caucuses by four percentage points .
This week Sen. John McCain , while stumping for Romney , also lobbed charges of earmark spending against Santorum .
Defending himself , Santorum argued the government 's biggest spending problem is n't earmarks but entitlement programs , adding that their earmark record was simply an effort to funnel taxpayer money back to their constituents .
`` When you go to Congress , you make sure that when taxes go from your state to Washington , D.C. , you fight to make sure you get your fair share back , '' Santorum told CNN 's `` John King , USA '' earlier this week .
- CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .
Also see :
Poll : Romney in South Carolina surge
Paul disavows anti-Huntsman ad
Gingrich defends food stamp comment
Romney : I 'm independent of Wall Street
Gingrich targets Romney in 'Do n't Mass Up ' rally
Not that this series needed any more fire , but those passionate fans the Hawks will see in Boston tonight got a little extra incentive from Atlanta .
When Hawks co-owner Michael Gearon called Celtics forward Kevin Garnett the “ dirtiest player in the league ” during a speech Wednesday , they tossed even more kindling onto an already raging fan fire .
It does n't matter that most of those fans in Boston would n't be able to pick Gearon out of a lineup , or that their comments were supposedly made “ off the record ” during a luncheon sponsored by an Atlanta-based non-profit organization .
All anyone will know by tipoff of Game 6 tonight in Boston is that the other team 's owner called out the guy universally regarded as the emotional heart and soul of the Celtics the night before they have a chance to close out the Hawks and move on to the Eastern Conference semifinals .
And now that it 's all out there , courtesy of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution ‘ s D. Orlando Ledbetter , a NFL writer who happened to be in attendance at the luncheon , it gives the Hawks yet another mess to deal with on the day of what is no doubt the biggest game of their season . Check out exactly what the AJC reports that Gearon said and decide for yourself how big a mess this is :
On media coverage of Hawks ' playoff series against the Celtics “ Did you see what Al Horford did last night ? The timeline for recovery for their injury is another three months . He 's not even supposed to be playing and Josh [ Smith ] should not be playing.Zaza [ Pachulia ] ca n't stand up , but if we can get past this round there is a chance that we can get them back . So this is a team that is overcoming adversity . I wish . . . some of the national media or even some of the local media , more the paper than the TV guys , recognize how hard these guys are playing based on how injured they are . “ On top of all that , we do n't get any calls , which I know everybody always hears . But I 'll give you a stat . Last night , we are playing this old physical team . They are old . I know what happens when you play basketball , old guys foul . [ Kevin ] Garnett is the dirtiest guy in the league . We are playing Boston last night and they had two fouls the whole first half . We had five times that and we 're athletic. ” On the Hawks ' injuries “ Derrick Rose goes down and the No . 1 seed is playing the No . 8 seed and everybody is like , ‘ Chicago is down 3-1 , that 's what you should expect with Derrick Rose down . ' Well , we 've been playing these playoffs without Zaza , without Al Horford and Josh Smith should not be playing . Our center is Erick Dampier , God bless their heart , but they look like a granddad . ( laughter ) He 's a great guy . It 's difficult enough to win a playoff series , but when you lose your whole frontline and nobody ever says , ‘ Gee , you are out playing with guys that are hurt . ' ” On Josh Smith and their Atlanta roots “ We would n't be where we are without him . The tough thing for our team , I 'm a lifelong Atlantian . I was born here . I lived the first 25 years of my life within two miles of where I was born . Right there near Piedmont Hospital . I moved to Cobb County back in 1994 when my Dad convinced me to buy a little house . . . . But the thing about our team , and it 's tough in every city . . . but when you look at the Atlanta Hawks and you know it 's tough . ”
They slung a few more arrows as well , chastising some of us in the media , the referees and cracking wise on players on their own roster ( Dampier 's goatee is getting grey ) .
It 's hardly a crime against basketball . And this would n't be the firs time someone called Garnett a dirty player ( Joakim Noah would laugh about this if they did n't have so much serious business of their own to tend to ) .
More than anything , this is a serious case of awful timing and horrible judgment on the part of Gearon , who is good friends with Celtics coach Doc Rivers dating back to the time Rivers spent in a Hawks uniform and Gearon 's father was running the team .
Gearon is obviously free to form their own opinions , just like the rest of us . But you better believe he 'll be hearing from NBA Commissioner David Stern and their crew for some of these statements … off the record or not .
Oh , and that crowd tonight in Boston , well they could n't have done it without you , Mr. Gearon !
Category : 2012 NBA Playoffs / Tags : , AJC , Al Horford , Atlanta Journal-Constitution , Celtics , D. Orlando Ledbetter , David Stern , Derrick Rose , Doc Rivers , Erick Dampier , Hawks , Josh Smith , Kevin Garnett , Michael Gearon / 154 Comments on Hawks Owner Calls Garnett “ The Dirtiest Player In The League ” /
Police numbers have hit a record high in England and Wales , with 143,770 officers in post in March this year , according to official figures out today .
The Home Office said this was an increase of 1,911 officers over the previous 12 months and included 1,200 constables .
The increase includes 648 police community support officers , who have a patrolling role , to bring their total to 16,331 . The number of such officers has grown rapidly from only 1,176 when the role were introduced in 2003 .
The new figures for the 43 police forces in England and Wales indicate that budget cuts and efficiency savings being faced by chief constables have not yet led to a reduction in police numbers .
However there was not a uniform rise across the country . While 27 forces increased their numbers , including an extra 1,100 recruited by the Metropolitan police in London , 16 forces reported a fall in numbers . The largest falls were recorded in North and South Yorkshire and Humberside .
Women now represent 27 % of rank and file police officers but only hold 13 % of senior posts .
There are now 6,290 black and minority ethnic police officers , an increase of 497 in the last year . However this represents only 4.4 % of the total and fails to meet the 7 % race equality target set for the police .
WILMINGTON — In this peaks-and-valleys season , 24 players wearing Black and Gold have experienced concurrent highs and lows .
One player , however , has been perfect at their job .
Jonas Gustavsson has started three games for the Bruins . He 's won all of them , the latest being a 21-save effort against Tampa Bay Saturday in a 3-1 victory .
Advertisement
By the second half of last season , having lost all confidence in backup goalie Niklas Svedberg , the Bruins rode Tuukka Rask until they were grinding metal on metal . Based on Gustavsson 's play so far , Rask 's tank will not be as empty when the dog days arrive .
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox : The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
“ It helps a lot , ” said coach Claude Julien . “ With those back-to-back games , it gives a lot of us an opportunity to at least have a fresh body in there with the goaltender . Both of them played extremely well . Tuukka , I thought , was outstanding in Florida . Jonas was extremely good in Tampa too , especially early on , when they put a lot of pressure on us . They made the big saves when they had to . ”
Related Links Read Story Brad Marchand wins First Star award The Bruins left wing took the weekly NHL award after collecting four goals and two assists in three wins .
Gustavsson is 3-0-0 with a 2.00 goals-against average and a .914 save percentage . According to www.war-on-ice.com , Gustavsson has a .909 save percentage on high-danger shots , a good measurement of a goalie 's performance . Rask had an .879 high-danger save percentage when they won the Vezina Trophy in 2013-14 .
It 's been a good start for a goalie who was close to being booted from the league .
Gustavsson only made it to training camp because of a tryout invitation . Had Jeremy Smith owned more of an NHL pedigree , it 's unlikely the Bruins would have signed Gustavsson to a one-year , $ 700,000 contract .
Advertisement
It would have then been up to Joe Resnick , Gustavsson 's agent , to find their client alternate Stateside employment . The 31-year-old Swede , who 's been in the NHL since 2009 , may not have had much luck .
“ I did n't really have a Plan B , ” said Gustavsson . “ I wanted to play over here . My first call would be to my agent and ask them to look around , see if something 's out there . I do n't have an answer as to whether something would be out there .
“ If I had n't gotten anything here , I still want to play hockey . At that point , there are other options like going back to Europe , I guess . But in my head , it was all about staying over here and find a way to get a contract here . ”
Gustavsson is in a swing state of their career . As they developed in Sweden , the 6-foot-4-inch , 212-pounder was known as a bigger goalie . They stood tall . They played to take advantage of theirs size .
But Gustavsson is n't known as being bigger than average anymore . NHL teams are looking for mobile , new-school giants to fill their nets , from Pekka Rinne ( 6-5 ) to Devan Dubnyk ( 6-6 ) to Ben Bishop ( 6-7 ) . They 're tall . They 're fast . And they play the modern way , going down earlier and sealing posts tighter .
Advertisement
Along the way , Gustavsson 's had to adapt . They have n't incorporated every element of modern goaltending into their technique . But he 's added pieces here and there .
“ Five , 10 years ago , I thought the way I played and the way I learned , that was the new style , ” Gustavsson said . “ At that point , I thought , ‘ OK , we 're not going to improve anymore . This is how you 're supposed to play . '
“ Now you see goalies are , maybe even earlier , they 're down on their knees when the puck 's in the corner , trying to seal the post and seal the ice .
“ It 's fun . The game is changing . The goaltending style is changing too . Probably five years from now , you 're going to see something different too . ”
Gustavsson 's in a new spot . In their previous stops in Detroit and Toronto , there was always a chance of grabbing the starting job .
There is no such prospect in Boston . Rask is the ace . That will not change , even amid the Finn 's early hiccups .
This week , for example , Gustavsson will likely be the backup for three straight against Dallas , Washington , and Montreal . He 's in line for their next start Sunday against the Islanders at Barclays Center , where he 's already won once .
It 's not easy for an undefeated goalie to stay in their groove without regular playing time . But Gustavsson acknowledges their role . They will spell Rask when needed . Otherwise , they will put in their work at practice .
“ You ca n't really take a day off , ” Gustavsson said . “ Even though you 're thinking maybe it 's going to be a few days until your next start , you ca n't really let your guard down .
“ You still have to go out and practice , battle hard , and be on top of your game so you 're not doing stuff you 're not supposed to do . Then it creeps into your game . Then you 're going out there and you 're not feeling ready when you 're playing in the games . ”
The Bruins have allowed five goals in their last four games . Gustavsson has started two of them . He 's done their job . It 's all the Bruins have ever asked from their backups .
@ GlobeFluto that 's a sweet paint job ! ! ! They deserve it , has been a great backup thus far . Was hoping all through camp he 'd be our # 2 — Chad Labrie ( @ Bruins_Fn88 ) November 3 , 2015
. . .
Brad Marchand was named the NHL 's First Star of the Week . The Bruins left wing had four goals and two assists in three games , all victories .
Fluto Shinzawa can be reached at fshinzawa @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ GlobeFluto
Republic Wireless has announced some big changes to its network and phone selection , giving customers more options for high-end phones . The company is moving away from a custom firmware solution , and instead making use of a new technology , which it is calling RW 3.0 . This will allow the carrier to push updates to its service and apps through Google Play for a quicker update process and better experience . It will also allow you to buy your phone unlocked from wherever you chose and still use it with their service .
It 's because of these three truths that my teammates and I are so incredibly excited to share that we are adding seven ( yes , SEVEN ! ) of the latest smartphones from four of the top five Android manufacturers to our portfolio ( you can either buy them from us , aided by device financing if helpful , or you can bring your own new or used version of these seven devices as well ) . Furthermore , a second of the four national cellular carriers has agreed to join the Republic WiFi first party , and as a result these new devices will be available on our new GSM cellular network partner , who boasts the nation 's fastest 4G LTE network . Finally , we 've come up with a new approach for our technology that will allow us to offer more devices sooner and get software updates deployed quicker .
The new technology allows you to take an approved unlocked phone , like the Galaxy S6 , and pop a Republic Wireless SIM card in it , download their app and have a great experience . You are no longer tied to needing the custom firmware that Republic was building on its own , as this is independent of that . The catch is that RW 3.0 only works on Marshmallow as well as future releases . Republic will not be able to port this technology to phones running on Lollipop or below .
Republic Wireless says the new phones will be available starting in July . The carrier will also offer financing options for those who make their purchases directly from Republic .
See at Republic Wireless
This post may contain affiliate links . See our disclosure policy for more details .
When Frank and Medina Fredericks first sat down for coffee together in 2008 , they did n't waste any time with small talk .
“ Frank had 20 questions for me , ” Medina joked to The Huffington Post over the phone .
The tactic worked for Medina , who is a few years older than Frank and said they “ was n't just dating for fun. ” At the top of both of their agendas was a topic many couples save for much later -- whether they want to have kids , and if so , how they 'd want to raise them .
“ It was clear to both of us it could be a disqualifier if we did n't like each other 's answer , ” Frank said .
Both Frank , 29 , and Medina , 33 , come from strong faith backgrounds . Frank identifies as evangelical Christian and Medina is Muslim but was raised a multi-faith household . Despite coming from two often-polarized religions , the pair , who have been married three years , said faith does n't pose any obstacles in their relationship .
More important to them , Frank said , are the challenges many couples face -- “ money , space , time , how do we adjust our lives to match being good parents with being kick-ass at our day jobs , and keeping the energy to do that . ”
Frank and Medina Fredericks at their wedding in 2012 .
What sets Frank and Medina apart is that they got some of these discussions out of the way before they even started dating -- something they said other interfaith couples should consider doing as well .
“ Have the kid conversation really early , ” Frank said . And Medina added : “ Do n't be afraid of the possible conflict . ”
Reverend Jim Burklo , associate dean of religious life at the University of Southern California , has officiated hundreds of weddings over the last three decades , many of them between mixed-faith couples . He 's seen a rise in such unions in recent years , and said they can be “ an occasion for learning about your own faith . ”
“ Marriage gets people looking deep within , ” Burklo told HuffPost over the phone . “ You 're bringing your sense of self to the marriage and the ceremony , [ and ] you start thinking about what kind of legacy you want to pass on . ”
What Frank and Medina discovered in their initial chat is that neither is particularly concerned with raising children in the context of a congregational community . Instead they hope to raise children immersed in spiritual life more generally .
“ We both want to raise critical thinkers , ” Frank said . “ I want to raise my children to answer why they believe what they believe . I would like to expose them to all faiths . ”
For two young professionals in New York City , opportunities for such engagement abound . Medina is a ninth-grade teacher , and Frank is the founder and executive director of World Faith , an interfaith youth empowerment organization that operates in 12 countries around the globe .
“ [ New Yorkers ] have so many other social structures [ that ] we 're becoming anti-congregational , ” Frank told HuffPost . “ I get what I want outside of traditional institutions and congregations . ”
In a recent blog post on The Huffington Post , Frank argued that the concerns of millennial interfaith couples are different than those of interfaith couples in earlier generations . For one , millennials are more religiously unaffiliated and attend religious services less often than older generations do now or did at the same age . Of the two-thirds of millennials who are religiously affiliated , less than half say they attend weekly services .
Because of these shifts , Frank said , millennial interfaith couples are less concerned with things like congregational acceptance or coming-of-age rituals . The things that do matter transcend religious institutions , they said .
“ Like the generations before us , we must grapple with identity , family acceptance , and family tradition , ” Frank wrote . “ In fact , in the absence of congregational liturgy , the challenge of feeling ‘ authentic ' in individual worship , balanced with shared family ritual , may be even more difficult to navigate . ”
Susan Katz Miller , author of Being Both : Embracing Two Religions in One Interfaith Family , argued that another thing defining millennials is their de facto acceptance of diversity and intermarriage . Many opt to date and marry within their communities , but intermarriage by race and ethnicity is on the rise , and points to the rapidly diversifying world young people are growing up in today .
“ People who have grown up connected to the world globally , on the Internet , are much more aware of the spiritual diversity , fluidity and flexibility , ” Miller told HuffPost . “ They 're aware that interfaith families have been able to thrive with or without the support of religious institutions that disapprove of them . ”
The shift away from congregations does not necessarily indicate a lack of spirituality , though , they added . Young mixed-faith couples like Frank and Medina are finding new ways to explore and express their spirituality .
This may continue even after couples start having kids , at which point , Miller said , many parents begin yearning for religious communities even if they had n't earlier .
“ I think you 're going to see a lot more small groups of families coming together to celebrate together , to create their own ceremonies drawing on these ancient traditions but not necessarily feeling the need for traditional clergy or architectural space , ” Miller said .
This may come as discouraging news for religious institutions , which Miller said have created “ challenges for themselves by excluding interfaith families ” and ignoring the “ demographic reality ” of rising mixed-faith marriages .
Beliefs about mixed marriage vary from religion to religion , and can even differ within faiths . The Catholic Church forbids marriages outside the faith unless the couple meets certain requirements , which include removing “ dangers of defecting from the faith , ” and promising to raise offspring as members the church .
In Islam , most religious scholars say marriage outside the faith is acceptable for men but prohibited for women . Mixed-faith unions are also forbidden in Orthodox Judaism unless the non-Jewish partner converts to the faith . In Reform Judaism and many progressive religious communities , however , interfaith couples are often accepted and welcomed into congregations .
Naomi Schaefer Riley , author of Til Faith Do Us Part : How Interfaith Marriage is Transforming America , commissioned a survey from YouGov in 2010 to identify some of the characteristics of interfaith marriages . In addition to traditional two-faith pairings , Riley 's definition included Catholic-Protestant unions , marriages of mainline Protestants to evangelical Christians , and couples in which one member was religiously affiliated and the other was not .
Based on a sample of 2,450 Americans , the survey found that interfaith unions were becoming more common across geographical , income and education lines . The percentage of married couples that are in interfaith unions has increased from 20 percent in the 1960s to more than 40 percent in the first decade of the 21st century .
Some faith-based organizations have cropped up in recent decades to cater to families with multiple religious traditions . These groups are often tailored to Jewish-Christian families , like Interfaith Community in New York and The Interfaith Families Project of Greater Washington in the country 's capital .
These and similar organizations offer interfaith educational programs for children in mixed-faith families -- something Miller said can be even more important than congregational affiliation .
“ No matter what choice you make , it 's still important to give your children interfaith education , ” Miller told HuffPost . “ Children are absolutely capable of integrating the two world views of their parents . ”
Frank and Medina expect as much in their interfaith household , and Medina brings the personal experience of having grown up with a Catholic father and Muslim mother .
`` That 's what separates this country , '' noted Brian Mobley , a concealed handgun trainer in League City , which also boasts the highest number of concealed-gun licenses in Texas . `` We 're the most heavily armed country in the world , but we 're also the freest country in the world . ''
Fortunately , we can assess such an argument not through historic hagiography and patriotic revision , but through the facts at hand . If such a right correlate so directly with democratic freedoms within America , such realities should exist elsewhere , correct ?
Not exactly . Compiling data from the most recent Small Arms Survey ( SAS ) , the most wide-ranging international survey of civilian gun ownership , and the Freedom House Index , which tabulates both political rights and civil liberties , it 's apparent that the correlation between democratic structures and a well-armed citizenry is , at best , slight . Here 's the Freedom House index , in red ( a higher ranking means less freedom ) , compared with the number of guns , in blue :
According to Dr. Justin Silver , a statistical researcher at Rice University , the Spearman correlation between the two tallies is only -0.33 . ( Such correlation is negative because Freedom House , via a one-through-seven scale , tacks a lower score to nations with greater freedoms . ) The relationship is observable , but minor .
`` I do n't see any trend , '' said Arch Puddington , vice president of research at Freedom House . `` Press freedom , the freedom of expression , is a pretty good indicator of the direction a country is going in -- if leadership is circumscribing the freedom of expression , the likelihood is that they 're doing other unworthy things as well . '' But a link between an armed citizenry and democratic realities ? `` That 's baloney . ''
Unsurprisingly , those who stake such a relationship often limit the nations they cite . The gun-toting United States ( 88.8 civilian guns per 100 residents , according to SAS ) and Switzerland ( 45.7 ) are typically juxtaposed with the relatively gun-free China ( 4.9 ) and Cuba ( 4.8 ) as sufficient proof that a populace needs to amass arms in order to keep one 's government at bay .
But regardless of how often the maxim is repeated , such cherry-picking obfuscates the reality that the U.S. , Switzerland , China , and Cuba are but a handful of the 175 nations for which we have comprehensive data . Just because these four countries fit within a pro-weaponized argument does not lend it legitimacy . After all , Ghana ( 0.4 ) and Indonesia ( 0.5 ) , both within the bottom 10 of the world 's gun-owners , were each tabbed as `` Free '' by Freedom House , while the heavily-armed Yemen ( 54.8 ) and Saudi Arabia ( 35.0 ) remain among the most repressive countries in the world .
A quick scan through the list continues the point . Chile ( 10.7 ) comes in with the same arms rate as Venezuela , but the nations present starkly divergent civil freedoms . Russia ( 8.9 ) is slightly more armed than Ireland ( 8.6 ) . The Netherlands ( 3.9 ) is on par , as far as weapons go , with oppressive Turkmenistan ( 3.8 ) . Israel and Georgia see the same arms rate as Iran and Belarus and yet exist on opposite ends of Freedom House 's rank .
Evangelicals see Donald Trump differently . They are ready for an unapologetic strongman to help them do end-times battle .
GOD chose Donald Trump to serve as the Republican presidential nominee . And they did it for one reason : To pave the way for the second coming of Jesus Christ .
This is the claim of Frank Amedia , who recently served as Trump 's “ liaison for Christian policy . ”
Amedia 's ideas are not as foreign to the real world of American politics as they seem . They represent the beliefs of more than half of white American evangelicals . And they explain how Trump has managed to do what no Democrat could — to fracture the religious right , splitting evangelicals from Catholics and Mormons .
Matthew Avery Sutton Matthew Avery Sutton , a history professor at Washington State University , is a Guggenheim Fellow and author of “ American Apocalypse : A History of Modern Evangelicalism . ”
We know Trump does not embody the values or the virtues of a traditional evangelical champion . They are divorced , has long supported gambling and it would appear that they have no idea what it means to humble themselves before God . They will not ask for the forgiveness of their sins because they are not sure they have any .
But these are not regular times , and they are not a regular candidate . Amedia , who publicly prayed with Trump recently , believes along with many of their fellow evangelicals that a secret , spiritual battle is under way of good against evil , light against darkness , Christ against Antichrist .
During the Obama presidency , some evangelicals fear that the devil has been winning this battle . Obama , they insist , has opened the White House to gays and lesbians , encouraged abortions and failed to support Israel . In so doing , they are threatening to bring the judgment of God down on the United States . Hillary Clinton , to them , seemingly promises more of the same .
More than one-third of registered voters claim to be “ evangelical ” or “ born again , ” according to a Pew Research Center poll . And some believe that Trump is the man of the hour . “ If we could see into the heavenlies right now , ” Amedia explained in a recent interview about Trump . “ We would see a skirmish going on that I believe is the beginnings of the preparation of the way of the coming of the Lord . ”
Like Amedia , a majority of white evangelicals believe that we are living in the last days . Better students of world affairs than almost any other group of Americans , evangelicals have long believed that they , and they alone , know where the world is headed . In fact , according to the 2014 Bible in American Life report , of the 50 percent of all Americans who had read the Bible at all in the previous year , more than one-third claimed that they did so “ to learn about the future . ”
Evangelicals ' analysis of contemporary events builds on a complicated and convoluted reading of the biblical books of Daniel , Ezekiel , Matthew and Revelation . They masterfully use the Bible 's most cryptic passages to explain the past , understand the present and predict the future .
Their ability to line up global events with ancient prophecies in convincing ways has helped win millions of converts to the faith . Evangelicals offer hope and understanding in a seemingly hopeless and senseless world .
Evangelicals have been refining their methods and predictions for more than a century . World War I and every war since has seemingly fulfilled Jesus 's promise that in the last days there would be wars and rumors of wars . Benito Mussolini 's 1930s resurrection of the Roman Empire appeared at the time to match predictions in the book of Daniel . Atomic bombs in the late 1940s provided the likely vehicle for completing the 2 Peter prophesy that the Earth will soon melt in an awful conflagration . Israel 's 1967 capture of part of Jerusalem matched promises laid out in Ezekiel . In the 1990s , Saddam Hussein seemed to be rebuilding ancient Babylon in anticipation of the coming Antichrist .
In the 21st century , little has changed . Some evangelicals still turn to biblical prophecy to make sense of significant global events . Their well-read Bibles interpret headlines . And those headlines , they feel certain , tell us that the end is closer than ever .
This is where many evangelicals differ from Catholics and Mormons . The latter groups do not have the same kind of vigorous , all-consuming apocalyptic tradition . They look at political candidates with an eye toward the long term . Some see Trump as a poor choice whose values are not their values .
Many evangelicals see them differently . They are ready for an unapologetic strongman to help them do end-times battle . They believe that God will soon separate the “ sheep from the goats , ” the righteous nations from the unrighteous . During the final judgment , God will decide which nations were faithful to them and which were not , and they will dole out punishments and rewards accordingly .
Trump 's ideas meld perfectly with evangelical apocalyptic expectations as the battle of Armageddon nears . They promise to seize power and to use it for them . They claim they would restore religious liberty to evangelicals . They would prohibit Muslims from entering the country . They would defend Israel at all costs . They would fight abortion by adding conservative justices to the U.S. Supreme Court . They would rebuild the American military . They would destroy the nation 's enemies . They would keep individual citizens well-armed and prepared for battle .
This is a man , in other words , who is not just seeking to beat Clinton . They are seeking to wage a real-world battle against evangelicals ' enemies and a spiritual battle against the Antichrist .
And this is why Amedia tells all who will listen that to support Trump is to ensure that the United States “ stays under the favor of God. ” To refuse to support Trump , then , is to defy God .
If Armageddon is coming , and many evangelicals believe it is , there can be no one better to lead the United States than Donald Trump .
The Turner Contemporary in Margate celebrated its first birthday yesterday ( 16 April 2012 ) , with the knowledge that 496,554 visitors passed through the doors , more than treble what was predicted for the first year of operation . The future success is guaranteed with the generation of an additional £13.8m of value for the Kent economy and it supports an estimated 130 ( FTE ) jobs in the county .
The gallery is expected to continue this successful trend with the upcoming Tracey Emin exhibition which opens on the 26 May and runs through the Olympic period . Emin is considered a local artist . They have put an enormous amount of energy into the rejuvenation of Margate mostly through promoting the area as a new and vibrant cultural town . They are also a patron of the new Turner Contemporary gallery and was one of the prominent figures at the opening last year .
Victoria Pomery , Director Turner Contemporary said : ‘ The past 12 months have been truly spectacular for Turner Contemporary . We have been absolutely delighted by the number of visitors , and their response to the gallery and our exhibitions . This report highlights the positive impact these visitors have had on the local economy in terms of additional tourism income and in supporting jobs .
The gallery has also had a huge social impact . We were delighted that over 20,000 people had participated in our Learning Programme , over 35,000 more children visited with their families , and around 20,000 of our visitors said that they had never been to an art gallery before .
We are now very excited about our 2012/13 programme which promises to be every bit as impactful . '
The new gallery for Turner Contemporary was created by Kent County Council who is the major funder and continues to support the gallery . Partner agencies who have also provided funding are SEEDA ( £4 million ) and Arts Council England ( £4.1 million ) . Thanet District Council provided the land .
Mike Hill , Kent County Council Cabinet member for Customer and Communities said : ‘ We are tremendously proud of the success of Turner Contemporary . We were determined to keep to our promise and build a landmark building which would boost the area and be a catalyst for regenerating East Kent . It has created jobs , encouraged new businesses to the town and will go on to be a lasting legacy to driving the development of the county and the south east . '
Sally Abbott , Regional Director , Arts Council England , said : ‘ Our congratulations go out to Turner Contemporary as they reach their first anniversary in their new gallery .
We are proud to have Turner Contemporary as one of our National Portfolio Organisations and will continue to support the development of their ambitious artistic and learning programme as part of our wider investment in Kent .
Turner Contemporary 's success in the past year has gone to show that art is integral to local life in Kent and vital to Margate 's regeneration – with long lasting benefits for the community and local economy . Great art enriches lives , and Turner Contemporary is helping more people experience and be inspired by the arts both regionally , nationally and internationally . '
Tracey Emin 's first exhibition in their home town will open at Turner Contemporary on 26 May 2012 . They Lay Down Deep Beneath the Sea : Tracey Emin at Turner Contemporary is conceived specially for Margate , where Emin grew up and which has provided inspiration for many of their most famous art works .
The exhibition will explore the themes of love , sex and romanticism in Emin 's oeuvre . It will feature new works , including drawings , monoprints , sculptures , tapestries , embroideries and neons and will be installed throughout Turner Contemporary 's suite of first-floor galleries .
The exhibition 's central themes are continued in a group of sketches and paintings of erotic subjects by Tracey Emin , JMW Turner and Auguste Rodin , whose iconic sculpture The Kiss is on show in the Sunley Gallery at Turner Contemporary . This section of the exhibition considers the artists in terms of their shared fascination with female sexuality and the varying means by which they explore the subject .
Tracey Emin said : “ I still ca n't really believe that I 'm showing in Margate . Even in my wildest dreams I could never believe there would be a gallery like Turner Contemporary there . So on one level I 'm really chuffed and excited but on another I am as nervous as hell . The brilliant thing about Margate is it 's one hour from London on the train so I 'm hoping lots of people will come and visit not just my show but the beautiful sunsets and sandy beaches . ”
Victoria Pomery , Director , Turner Contemporary said : ‘ We are thrilled to be working with Tracey on this exhibition of new work , which considers Tracey 's extensive oeuvre in a new light . ' A fully illustrated catalogue is available to accompany the exhibition .
Turner Contemporary second year programme of exhibitions includes :
They Lay Down Deep Beneath the Sea : Tracey Emin at Turner Contemporary ( 26 May to 23 September 2012 )
Alex Katz : Give Me Tomorrow ( 6 October 2012 to 13 January 2013 )
Carl Andre ( 26 January – 25 May 2013 )
Rosa Barba : The Truth is Rarely Pure and Never Simple ( 2 February – 6 May 2013 ) .
Related Posts
It 's still fairly common for PC to get average ports of console-targeted blockbuster titles , but according to Electronic Arts ' CFO , it may be the other way around for their publisher 's studios . Speaking at the UBS Global Technology Conference , Blake Jorgensen said the company aims for the highest spec PC , and then scales back accordingly for consoles .
The question arose during a discussion about the company 's flexibility when it comes to console cycles . Moving all of its games to the Frostbite Engine has meant that dramatic upgrades only need to happen for one engine , rather than `` 25 '' , according to Jorgensen . In any case , they believe Microsoft and Sony are moving towards more iterative hardware upgrades anyway , and that backwards compatibility between these iterations will stop games dying at retail , thus making investing in games less risky .
In other words , Jorgensen foresees that profit margins wo n't need to be scaled according to new console updates because the publisher wo n't need to invest in new technology so often : they 're already building their games to exploit the best of what hardware is available .
`` You wo n't see much margin upgrade at all , '' they said . `` We build all of our games to the highest possible spec , which is typically a high-powered PC , and as the consoles come in , [ which ] may not be the highest spec , we may actually dummy down the console product to meet the spec of the console . In a world where the console looks more and more like a PC , that 's good for us . ''
That 's good news for us , and given the fairly smooth launch of Battlefield 1 last month , it bodes well for the future .
A Florida man is accused in a plot to blow up several Target stores along the East Coast in an attempt to acquire cheap stock if the company 's stock value plunged after the explosions .
Mark Charles Barnett , 48 , was charged in a criminal complaint filed Thursday with possession of a firearm affecting commerce by a previously convicted felon , according to the U.S Attorney 's Office in Florida 's middle district . Barnett , a registered sex offender in Florida , faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted .
A team of federal , state and local officials arrested Barnett Tuesday in a parking lot in Ocala . They were taken to the Marion County Jail , where he 's still being held . Jail records do n't say whether he 's hired a lawyer .
According to an affidavit , Barnett offered to pay another man $ 10,000 to place at least 10 `` improvised explosive bombs '' disguised in food-item packaging on store shelves from New York to Florida .
The criminal complaint said Barnett delivered the items to the other man on Feb. 9 . They also provided a bag of gloves , a mask and a license plate cover .
But the other man went to authorities . They handed over 10 food boxes — for breakfast bars , stuffing and pasta — that contained black powder bombs , according to the Ocala Star-Banner .
Special Agent Dewane L. Krueger of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , told the newspaper that they and other ATF agents were told last month that Barnett wanted to recruit someone to deliver packages to multiple locations , including stores in Florida , Virginia and New York .
Annie Blanks / Northwest Florida Daily News In this Tuesday , Feb. 14 , 2017 photo , dressed in protective gear , a deputy with the Bay County Sheriff 's Office bomb squad carries X-ray equipment to investigate a suspicious object that was left in the parking lot of a Target store in Destin , Fla . The object , a pressure cooker , was determined by authorities not to be a bomb . In this Tuesday , Feb. 14 , 2017 photo , dressed in protective gear , a deputy with the Bay County Sheriff 's Office bomb squad carries X-ray equipment to investigate a suspicious object that was left in the parking lot of a Target store in Destin , Fla . The object , a pressure cooker , was determined by authorities not to be a bomb . ( Annie Blanks / Northwest Florida Daily News ) ( Annie Blanks / Northwest Florida Daily News )
`` The swift work of ATF special agents , explosives enforcement officers and other specialized violent crime resources foiled this individual 's plot that could have caused great harm to the public , '' said Daryl McCrary , special agent in charge of the ATF Tampa Field Division .
The complaint said an explosives expert determined the bombs were capable of causing property damage , serious injury or death to anyone who was near the item if it exploded . Federal agents searched Barnett 's house in Ocala and found components consistent with those used to create the explosive devices .
ATF officials said Barnett made statements about the stock market and said that they planned to make money from their investments . They said their plan was to buy stock at lower prices and resell it at a profit once prices rebounded after the explosions .
Hi everyone ! Resident Kazamatsuri.org Japan correspondent here , and I 'm going to talk about my experience with KeyPoints6 today . What is KeyPoints ?
Basically it 's a fan-held convention for all things Key-related . Essentially , it 's Comiket for Key . It started in 2012 and is held twice a year . This year 's event was held in Zendetsu Hall in Tokyo , near Ochanomizu station . I had kind of a hard time finding it , but thanks to the poster in front , I was eventually able to find it .
( yes , no AIR in the poster . Sorry AIR fans ) Now I got in , and like another convention I 've been to before , you do n't buy a ticket , you buy a catalog .
The catalog contains info all about the event . For starters , it has a map of the layout of the event , with table numbers and sections labeled ‘ k ' , ‘ e ' , and ‘ y ' . It also has a list of which circles/artist is occupying which table number , and a small picture representing that artist/circle . It 's pretty similar to what 's available on their website but with pictures . The last page of the catalog also contains a comment sheet you can fill up and put into a comment box Upon entering I asked if it was okay to take pictures but apparently you have to register if you wan na take pictures . I was only using a crappy cellphone camera though , but oh well . Anyways , entered the venue !
It 's actually a lot smaller than I expected . Just around 50 or so tables each with one or two people per circle advertising their merchandise . But of course , selections from Key OSTs were playing in the background . There was also a section on the side where you could take a look at the new releases . So you could choose and possibly buy from those circles .
Worth noting is this KeyPoints is an homage to planetarian celebrating their 10th anniversary . They released an anthology of planetarian featuring artwork , manga and a short story ( the black-covered book in the lower right ) . I did n't take any pictures of the booths themselves because I thought it might have been rude . I guess it 's worth mentioning ZEN ( considering their popularity ) was in their booth . They seem like a pretty cool guy haha . Also awkwardly talked with Remotaro ( one of my personal fave Key artists ) about their recent contribution to ABOW haha . I took a picture of this thing though :
Speaking of ABOW , they had a wall where you could fill up a sheet and post your friend code so others may add you . Put mine in and added a note representing Kazamatsuri.org !
( excuse my terrible handwriting ) A while after , some live performers on a flute and EWI were playing selections from Key music . Nice touch , if you ask me . After getting all the stuff I needed to , I started to hang around the cosplay area for a while , waiting and taking photos of interesting cosplays . Read on for descriptions .
Original Little Busters . Kind of nice ( and a bit sad ) that they are using Rin 's white costume . The Kyousuke also had a Mask the Saito but I was n't able to take a picture of that .
Yes , that is a Dorj costume . Really fun and everyone was amused by it !
Poor Potato , the way they manhandle them
Halloween-themed cosplays , since it was just yesterday . Nice touch with the Noda costume , since they only showed that art like a few weeks ago
Kurugaya and their harem of Trap Rikis .
Do n't forget the love for Clannad !
I swear they could make a boy band . Too bad no Yuichi cosplayers : (
Actually , since this was a planetarian-themed event , how come there were n't any Junker cosplayers ! ?
Actually no Yumemi cosplayers either . Dang : ' (
I was able to meet and speak with Clow and MiyazawaLulu ! Of course I stuck out like a sore thumb as the only foreign-looking person there , so they kind of knew to approach me when I asked to take their picture . Nice cosplay they did !
I hear this is a thing in Saya route ? ( no spoilers pls )
There are an inexhaustible number of add-ons and features for every make of car , some of which you may think are a bit on the silly side . However , we have come up with a list of features which cross that line without hesitation .
10 ) Infotainment Pack -Bentley
If you have the money to splash on a Bentley of this caliber , then you have the money to spend on these build in iPad stations , for all your entertaining needs .
9 ) Pulsating Speaker Lights – Kia Soul
Is it bad I actually kind of like these ? Despite that , I can still agree that are quite ridiculous . Adding the quirkiness necessary to compete with cars like the Fiat 500 , it also seems like they ran out of ideas .
8 ) Pop-up Dash Speakers – Audi
180-degree Tweeters live in your Audi , rearing their head everytime you turn on the stereo . As amusing as this may be to watch , I ca n't help but think it 's a little unnecessary .
7 ) Top Speed Key – Bugatti Veyron
Inserting this special key makes the Bugatti 2.6 inches from the ground , rather than the normal 3.7 , allowing butt-clenching speeds of 254mph .
6 ) Granite Trim – Mercedes
Because nothing says classer than having one of the heaviest possible stones mounted in your car . It 's not going to help with speed or performance , but hey , if you 're purchasing this kind of car , you 're probably more about style and being pretentious anyway .
5 ) Door-Mounted Umbrella – Rolls-Royce
Everyone needs teflon-lined umbrellas , whether that be for yourself , or your chaffeur . Popping out at the touch of a shiny chrome button , the fact these are hidden within the door seems a little ostentatious .
4 ) Perfume Dispenser – Fiat 500
A pretty odd extra for your Fiat 500 , this dispenser takes up one of your cup holders , and will keep it smelling just wonderful . Snazzy , huh ?
3 ) Starlight Ceiling – Opel Adam
Made famous by Rolls-Royce , this feature also makes an appearance in the Opel Adam . Despite the Adam being touted as a quirky and modern car , I feel the target audiences for this car and the Rolls-Royce are very different indeed . Except that the Opel Adam 's version is not nearly as impressive .
2 ) Motorized Cup Holders – Cadillac
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=S7yG2Iwyk0g
Have you ever seen anything as ridiculous as this ? Since when did cup holders need to be motorized ? All they need to be is a cup-sized hole .
1 ) Whale Leather – Dartz Prombron Monaco Red Edition
Crafted from the sex organ of a male whale , the interior of this car caused a lot of controversy . Of course , many thought this was a joke , but the laughter was silenced when it was n't . This outcry later led to whale leather being discontinued for the normal variety .
Yesterday , as I was picking through piles of retro Kickstarter projects , I commented that some series , such as Mega Man and Zelda , had n't been part of my childhood and therefore did n't tug at the sepia strings of nostalgia . I do have a soft spot as wide as Totoro 's belly for River City Ransom though . There simply are n't enough open world beat 'em ups with basic RPG features . There have been rumours of a sequel for some time but the latest confirmation , from Combit Studios , pitches the licensed successor as a PC game , launching in August 2014 , with a crowdfunding campaign to begin this summer .
It probably should n't look too much different to the original .
I 'm going to start shaking my head solemnly at the first sign of 3D . The website does n't contain anything of the sort , but then it contains very little indeed .
Athens , Ga. - Lax state vaccination laws contribute to lower immunization rates and increased outbreaks of preventable diseases -- like whooping cough and measles -- according to a new study from the University of Georgia .
Through their research , released in the August issue of the journal Health Affairs , study authors David Bradford and Anne Mandich found higher rates of pertussis , or whooping cough , in states that allowed philosophical exemptions and used a standardized exemption form .
Vaccination exemption rates have increased drastically in the past 10 years , according to the study , due largely to religious and philosophical reasons , which fall under the nonmedical exemption category . All but three states allow exemptions based on religious reasons . Only 17 allow philosophical exemptions . And 39 states use a standardized exemption form .
`` We are seeing a significant association between pertussis rates and vaccination exemption , '' said Bradford , who is the Busbee Chair in Public Policy in the UGA School of Public and International Affairs . `` States with stricter policies have lower pertussis rates , which shows that policymakers do have it within their power to further limit the spread of these diseases . ''
Pertussis was used as the foundation for the study , which relied on kindergarten exemption data collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in its 2002-12 annual school assessment reports , `` for the unfortunate reason that pertussis is more common , '' Bradford said . About 48,000 cases were recorded in the U.S. in 2012 . An average year sees between 45,000 and 50,000 cases . In contrast , the CDC recorded an average of 60 cases of measles per year from 2001 to 2012 .
The study found three key policies that lower whooping cough rates : requiring state health department approval for nonmedical vaccination exemptions ; allowing exemption from only specific vaccines instead of all vaccines ; and levying criminal and civil punishment against those who do not comply with vaccination policies .
As they conducted the research , the authors were able to rank states by their policies and whether they were most , somewhat , less or least effective .
The 18 states with the most effective vaccination exemption policies are Alabama , Arkansas , Delaware , Florida , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , North Carolina , South Dakota and Tennessee .
The nine with the least effective laws are Colorado , Idaho , Michigan , Minnesota , Texas , Utah , Vermont , Washington and Wisconsin .
The study also found three outliers that do n't make any of the lists . Mississippi , West Virginia and , as of the end of June , California have the strictest vaccination laws in the nation . Currently , the first two have the lowest rates of whooping cough due to policies that allow immunization exemptions for medical reasons only .
`` I 'm originally from Mississippi , and this was a case where they really led the country '' with their vaccination exemption policies , Bradford said .
Georgia -- where Bradford currently lives -- falls into the `` somewhat effective '' category . Other states with this ranking include Oregon , Virginia and Arizona . To improve Georgia 's standing , they said , the state `` could eliminate religious exemptions and not use the standardized form . '' On the plus side , they added , `` in 2012 , we had very low rates of pertussis , ranking fifth nationally . ''
In its favor , Georgia does not allow exemptions for philosophical reasons .
`` Back in 2007 , the actor Jenny McCarthy went on 'Oprah ' and espoused the view that there is link between the MMR vaccine and autism , '' they said . `` This led to a significant increase in philosophical exemptions . ''
In states with a philosophical exemption , it 's also easier for parents to check a box indicating objection instead of rushing their children to be vaccinated before the beginning of the school year , the study noted .
As the number of people vaccinated has decreased , diseases once mostly eliminated from the U.S. have risen because the population no longer has something called `` herd immunity . '' Basically , herd immunity means an entire community is protected from a disease because enough people have been immunized .
`` We need to be over 95 percent vaccinated to reach herd immunity , '' Bradford said . `` For medical reasons , there are a number of people who ca n't get vaccinated . If you can be vaccinated and are not , that 's when we start to see whooping cough and measles cases rise . ''
# # #
The simmering confrontation between the civilian government and the army in Pakistan has spilled into the open after the military warned that remarks this week by the prime minister had `` potentially grievous consequences for the country '' .
The military and the government are at loggerheads over a scandal dubbed memogate , in which the former ambassador to Washington is accused of making a `` treacherous '' written offer to the US to rein in Pakistan 's military in return for American support for the civilian government . The case , aimed squarely against the president , Asif Zardari , is before the supreme court , which appointed a judicial commission that began hearings this week .
The prime minister , Yousaf Raza Gilani , had this week described the affidavits to the court on memogate from the army chief and the head of the military 's spy agency as `` unconstitutional and illegal '' , pointedly speaking in an interview with a Chinese newspaper while the army chief was on an official tour in China , Pakistan 's closest ally .
The military , in a highly unusual statement , responded , saying that `` there can be no allegation more serious '' levelled against the army chief , General Ashfaq Kayani , and the director general of Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , Lieutenant General Ahmed Shuja Pasha .
`` This has very serious ramifications with potentially grievous consequences for the country , '' the military said .
It is thought that the military is manoeuvring to remove the president , hoping the courts will force them from power . But their determination to cling on could result in another coup . There is speculation that , to head off the military 's plan , the government will try to sack the army chief .
In their court written testimonies , Kayani and Pasha had pressed the judges to investigate the allegations against the former US envoy , Husain Haqqani , while the government had asked the court to drop the case and leave it to an investigation by a parliamentary committee .
The government was shocked that the military 's affidavits had not been cleared by it first . In their affidavit , Pasha said that they had `` seen enough corroborative material '' to `` prove '' the allegations against the Washington ambassador , who was forced to resign over the issue .
The military insisted in its statement on Wednesday that it had `` followed the book '' in responding to the court proceedings .
Ikram Sehgal , an analyst and former brigadier , said the army was `` seething with fury '' over Gilani 's comments .
`` The government is trying desperately to ensure that the army tries a coup d'etat , so that they go down as political martyrs , '' they added .
On Wednesday the government replaced the defence secretary , Naeem Khalid Lodhi , a retired general with close links to the military , with Nargis Sethi , who is loyal to the ruling Pakistan People 's party . That fuelled rumours that the government is considering changing the military 's leadership , an authority that it legally possesses but which would be a highly risky move .
Attempting to cool tempers , a ­senior government minister , Khursheed Shah , said : `` The army chief will complete their tenure . We do n't want a clash of institutions . ''
The army has staged four coups in the past and democracy was only restored by elections in 2008 after the last period of military rule . Since the 2008 polls , the military and Zardari 's government have been in a state of near constant tension .
The memogate case could yet lead to treason charges being filed against Haqqani , who said in an interview with the Guardian this week that they were the ­victim of a `` witch-hunt '' against ­democracy in the country . Their accuser , the American ­business person Mansoor Ijaz , is due to fly into Pakistan next week to testify before a judicial commission now investigating the issue .
In a separate amnesty case , the supreme court this week called the prime minister `` not honest '' , and ordered the government to revive a corruption investigation against Zardari , relating to alleged money-laundering in Switzerland dating back to the 1990s .
The case is likely to reach a crunch point on Monday – the deadline given by the supreme court for the government to comply with its orders , concerning a presidential legal amnesty that it removed . The court has threatened to disqualify the prime minister or president in the event that the government fails to comply .
Iran is mulling a plan to boycott Samsung after the South Korean electronics giant 's tablet computer was featured in a humorous Israeli commercial , the Iranian state-owned channel Press TV reported Thursday .
The offending television ad depicts the cast of a popular Israeli show , Asfur , traveling to the Islamic Republic and destroying a nuclear facility . The commercial promotes a HOT Telecommunications cable deal that grants subscribers Samsung tablets .
Related articles :
According to the report , the chairperson of the Iranian parliament 's Energy Committee , Arsalan Fat'hipour , said Thursday that Tehran is considering a bill that would impose a complete ban on all Samsung products – a measure that `` would make the company regret making the insulting teaser . ''
Cast of Asfur in HOT ad
The Iranian lawmaker accused Samsung of producing an ad that portrays Iran as a primitive country and implies that Israel is strong enough to obliterate the Islamic Republic 's nuclear sites .
They further claimed that Samsung made the clip `` to curry favor with Israel , '' and said an apology would not be enough . The company must be held accountable , they said .
The commercial was released weeks after the assassination of Iranian nuclear scientist Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan . The report attributed the killing to the Mossad , Israel 's intelligence agency .
Samsung 's Dubai headquarters issued a statement denouncing the Israeli clip . A spokesperson for the companyin Tehran denied having any ties to the ad , stressing that it was produced by the Israeli cable provider , HOT .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Jagran English
Fri , 02 Dec 2016 19:14 IST
The Allahabad High Court has turned down the plea of a live-in couple that they be provided protection on the ground that the woman in question happened to be married and `` her marriage has not been dissolved by any competent court as on date '' .
Allahabad High Court
The Allahabad High Court has turned down the plea of a live-in couple that they be provided protection on the ground that the woman in question happened to be married and `` her marriage has not been dissolved by any competent court as on date '' .
Justice Suneet Kumar passed the order last month , dismissing the petition of Kusum and their live-in partner who had moved the court with the prayer to issue a direction to authorities concerned that they `` shall not interfere in the liberty of the petitioners to life as husband and wife of their live-in relationship '' , besides protecting them against `` disturbance to peaceful living '' and any type of humiliation and harassment .
While admitting in the petition that Kusum was married to one Sanjay Kumar on May 30 , the petitioners had contended that the same was `` solemnized against their wishes '' and despite the fact that they had been in a `` live-in relationship for the past five years '' .
However , dismissing the petition vide judgement dated November 9 , the court termed the petitioners ' contention as `` misconceived '' that they had `` a right to live-in relationship '' and were `` therefore entitled to protection '' .
The court pointed out that the woman 's live-in partner `` can be prosecuted '' since it was known to them that Kusum was `` already married '' and hence the relationship between them was `` adulterous '' .
`` The second petitioner entered into a relationship with the first petitioner who is married and their marriage has not been dissolved by any competent court as on date , therefore , such a relationship can not be granted any protection '' , the court said , adding , `` the petition , being devoid of merit is accordingly dismissed '' .
If you watched a moment of Summer League , you know just how exciting of news this is . If you did n't , there 's a good chance you do n't know who Juancho Hernangomez is .
Well , for those of you in the latter category , Hernangomez is a 6-foot-9 power forward with range out to the three-point line , energy to the rim and a basketball IQ to die for .
He , to put it in terms that Nuggets fans can understand , is sort of like a Kenneth Faried who can actually shoot and play defense .
Now , Hernangomez obviously is n't as experienced as Faried and they definitely are n't as athletic as Faried ( not many are ) — and , most importantly , it 's just Summer League — but he 's just about as productive as Faried .
Hernangomez averaged 8.2 rebounds per game at Summer League in 26.8 minutes , with 3.2 of those coming on the offensive end . And the eye test backed those numbers up and then some . They were everywhere ; they seemed to have a sixth sense for where the ball was going to bounce , and they were able to capitalize .
Throw in a multi-faceted offensive repertoire , along with intelligent pick-and-roll defense , and Hernangomez was one of the most entertaining players at NBA Summer League .
The question , though , was : Will the Nuggets stash Hernangomez in Europe for another season , or will they pull the trigger and bring them over now ?
Yesterday , reports from Altitude TV 's Vic Lombardi said that the stretch-four was “ more than likely ” to come to Denver in 2016-17 , and this morning , Gigantes.com is reporting that the move is official .
Los Nuggets deciden quedarse con Juancho . Décimo español en la NBA 2016-17 https : //t.co/l5zhRlZisN pic.twitter.com/Tb1XvaQ0ZM — Gigantes del Basket ( @ GIGANTESbasket ) July 22 , 2016
According to Adam Mares of the Denver Stiffs , the article roughly says :
“ Juancho Hernangómez ( 2.06 m . ; 20 years old ) will continue their career in Denver Nuggets , as has been told Gigantes del Basket . Thus becomes the tenth player in the NBA Spanish course 2016-17 . ”
We 've yet got confirmation from any other source , but Juancho will be on the radio this morning , which could be where they verify the news .
We 're happy to have you , Juancho !
Newly released documents from the Bill Clinton presidential library show two separate attempts by advisers , in 1995 and 1997 , to hurry the president into supporting a repeal of Wall Street regulation . Clinton responded to the pressure with the Financial Services Modernization Act in 1999 . The legislation , which tore down the Depression-era Glass-Steagall banking rules , has been blamed with helping to bring about the near-collapse of the banking industry in 2008 and creating the subsequent economic trouble that has cost taxpayers billions .
The memos show that Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , their deputy Bo Cutter and senior advisers , including John Podesta , gave Clinton three days to decide whether to back a repeal of Glass-Steagall . Little discussion of the risks of deregulation appear in the notes . Rubin , who is credited with spearheading the changes , benefited handsomely from the new rules when they joined the board of Citigroup the same year the rules were initiated . The bank had merged with Travelers Group two years prior . Clinton 's law retroactively legalized the move . Rubin briefly became the corporation 's chairperson in 2007 .
Podesta is now a special adviser to President Barack Obama . Critics have blamed the closeness of Obama 's team to the deregulation policies of the late 1990s for the current administration 's reluctance to regulate Wall Street more aggressively after the crash .
The Guardian reports :
Throughout the documents , which are among 7,000 pages released by the Clinton library on Friday , there is little discussion of internal opposition to repealing Glass-Steagall , although some memos inadvertently touch on the risks that ultimately proved so expensive to the US taxpayer .
Read the documents here .
— Posted by Donald Kaufman .
Can We Take Back Our Election Process and Make the Parties Listen to Us
The clamor is growing louder every day . “ They do n't listen. ” “ We have no real choice of candidates. ” “ The system is rigged for the elite. ” “ There 's no difference between the two parties . ”
You hear it every election . Endless talk about the need to create jobs , build the economy , make the nation a “ better place to live for our families , ” and , my favorite – “ restore trust ! ” Who 's not for those wonderful things ! The slogans work for Democrat and Republican alike . These so-called issues are interchangeable . They are , in fact , nothing more than empty rhetoric .
Meanwhile , do we hear a discussion about our money becoming more worthless every day from government spending and rampant inflation ? What about the destruction of our education system as it is used for behavior modification while true academics are eliminated for the curriculum ? Does any candidate dare mention the hopelessness taking over our inner cities as federal welfare policies are enslaving whole generations to the ever-expanding government plantation ? And of course there is the fear campaign in every city in the nation about the need to control development and population , leading to the utter destruction of private property .
None of these issues are ever mentioned in local , state or federal campaigns . Any candidate who tries is immediately labeled an extremist !
So our political parties choose for us candidates that are “ acceptable , ” middle of the road , not rocking the boat , and not too extreme . In short , we are forced to choose the lesser of two evils . Election after election the drone goes on . And what are we to do ? These are the candidates those in charge have chosen for us for city council , county commission , state legislature , Congress and President . Yes , we have primaries to choose , but I think we all know those are pretty much rigged to assure the powers in charge get whom they want – just ask Bernie Sanders .
Is it any wonder that there are millions of Americans who do n't vote or participate in our nation 's debate because they think it does n't matter anyway ? The “ average voter ” increasingly feels that the decisions have been made for them .
Those who hold conservative points of view that our nation should live within the Constitution now believe socialism is inevitable , so why bother going to the polls .
The poor think they are simply pawns in a vice grip between big money and special interests which control the elections . Why bother ? Helplessness now rules the world 's greatest representative democracy . As people stay home or trudge to the polls to unenthusiastically vote for the next lesser of two evils , 93 % of incumbents are routinely returned to office – year after year .
The instant a candidate is elected and joins the ranks of the incumbents he/she begins the dance . Get the money for the next campaign . How ? Special interests groups , corporations and foreign interests flood into their offices to make deals , promote their personal agendas and show the way to fame , fortune and perpetual office – if only the incumbents go along . They have the whole process well in hand . Campaigns become little more than big PR projects , promoted in positive platitudes , specifically designed to assure nothing negative sticks . Just get through it and keep the gravy train running .
Above all , do not talk about controversial subjects like dollar values , global trade or immigration ; just stick to issues like health care , and the environment – coincidentally , two issues bought and paid for by the special interests . See how it works ?
So year after year , we officially hold elections and politicians pontificate about how our going to the polls is a revered right , a valued tradition , the underpinning of a free society . And they wonder why there is such division in the nation . How did we end up in such a mess ? We voted for these guys . But did we enjoy it ? Are we satisfied with the results ? Would we like to demand a do-over ?
So is it hopeless ? Is there any way to change it ? Do you want the people to , again , have control of the election process and of the choice of candidates offered ? Do you want to force the power elites to listen to you ? I 've got a solution .
Do n't despair . Do n't give up . There is a logical , effective way out of this . But it wo n't happen by depending on political parties to lead the way . We have to take things into our own hands . We need an effective , binding form of protest to say “ NO ” to bad candidates . There is such a way .
Imagine going into the voting booth and looking down the list of candidates offered . None really appeal . None seem to offer satisfaction as an answer to the issues that concern you . If only there was something else you could do . A write-in wo n't help . It would take such a difficult , expensive effort . It rarely works .
Then you look further down the ballot . Something new . It says “ NONE OF THE ABOVE. ” It 's a final choice after each of the candidates in every category , from president , to congress to city council . What does it mean ?
It means you have the power to decide who will hold office – not the power brokers . When the votes are tallied , if “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” gets a majority of votes over any of the candidates listed , then “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” wins . And that means none of those candidates will win the office . The office will remain vacant until a new election is held . To set up another election and fill the spot would work exactly like the process provided in the Constitution when an incumbent dies or resigns , and a special election is held . Now new candidates will have to try to win the public 's support .
Fixing the election process could be that simple . You , the voter , would be completely in the driver 's seat with the power to reject candidates , forcing a new election with new choices . The political parties would be forced to provide candidates the people want — or face being rejected . They would have to talk about real issues – or face being rejected . Incumbents would have to answer for their actions in office – or face being rejected . “ NONE OF THE ABOVE. ” Period . The power of labor unions and international corporations would be broken .
Think of the consequences . No longer would voters have to settle for the lesser of two evils . If all the candidates are bad – none would be able to force their way into office . It would mean that powerful special interests could no longer rely on their money to buy elections . They could buy all the ads they wanted , spend millions on “ volunteers ” going door to door and sling their dirt , but if the voters are n't buying , none of it will save their candidate from being rejected by “ NONE OF THE ABOVE . ”
Moreover , the power of entrenched incumbents who have been unbeatable because of their massive war chests and party ties would be broken . Picture John McCain or Nancy Pelosi unable to run for office because they were rejected by “ NONE OF THE ABOVE . ”
However , in order to work , “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” would have to be binding . It would have to have the power of law behind it . It can not be just a “ protest ” vote that has no other meaning .
“ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” is completely non-partisan . There is no way to control its outcome . There is no need for a massive campaign chest to support “ NONE OF THE ABOVE , ” although it could certainly be done . But the option , once permanently placed on the ballot , would always be there . America 's representative system would be restored .
To get the job done , activists in every state would have to begin a campaign to demand that “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” be given a permanent spot on the ballot . It would not require a Constitutional Amendment . It would have to be done state by state . Some states have ballot referendums and initiatives using petition drives to get an issue on the ballot so the people can decide . It 's difficult and expensive to do , but popular ideas have a chance .
In other states , “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” advocates would have to find a friendly state representative or senator to introduce the idea before the state legislature and then get enough votes to pass it in both houses and then have it signed by the governor . The main drawback to that effort is that , if the effort is successful , then every one of those legislators is an incumbent who will have to face “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” on the ballot for their re-election . They probably wo n't be too excited about the idea .
So why would they support the idea ? It would be only because supporters succeed in creating a strong movement of voters which demand it . No one is saying this will be an easy process . But such movements have succeeded before . For example , local activists could begin by demanding that candidates support the measure much like they now sign “ no tax ” pledges . In short , they would support it because there is strong popular support and they simply have no choice .
Of course , one of their main objections to the “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” idea would be the requirement for holding a new election , should it win . Too expensive , our responsible public servants would say as they dismissed the idea . However , if it means getting better candidates , is n't it worth it to hold a new election , especially considering how much a very bad candidate would cost us if they actually got into office ? The fact is , such a need for a new election would probably not arise often once political power brokers began to understand that they must offer candidates acceptable to the people rather than to the special interests . That 's all they really have to do . It 's all we want . It only takes a couple of “ None of the Above ” victories to see that the electorate is back in charge .
The idea of “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” has been around for a long time . Over the years , most states have had some kind of legislation introduced supporting the concept . Nevada actually has it on the ballot – but it is not binding . It does n't force a new election . It is just a measure of protest . That 's not good enough to make it effective .
One of the reasons it has not been successful is because there has never been a serious national drive to promote the idea . However , with the growing dissatisfaction voters are feeling with the lack of quality candidates seeming to get worse every election , perhaps there has never been a better time to start a national discussion on the issue .
The best part is that “ NONE OF THE ABOVE ” is n't a conservative or liberal idea . It 's not a Republican of Democrat proposal . In fact , Republican leadership might see it as a good way to break the back of big labor 's influence over elections . Equally , Democrats could see it as a way to stop the power and influence of the Republican 's big business money . However the parties want to look at it , the bottom line is that the voters win .
This will be a long-term process and is primarily aimed at local , state and congressional candidates . While it should certainly be used in presidential elections as well , the real power comes from rejecting the lower level candidates .
But all of that depends on the voters . Do you want to take back control , or are you satisfied to have your choices made for you behind closed doors ? Because that 's what we have now . How 's that working for you ?
First , let 's take a look at income growth . The correlation between income growth and house price growth is large ( 0.66 ) and statistically significant . As the chart shows , three of the four metros with most income growth ( San Francisco , San Jose , and Seattle ) are also among those that have experienced the highest growth in house prices , while many metros with low income growth have seen the smallest gain in house prices ( Fresno , Calif. , Memphis , Tenn. , and Rochester ) . Yet there are many exceptions to this pattern : Sarasota , Fla. , Oklahoma City , and Austin , Texas , have also had high income growth but have had lower price appreciation , while places like West Palm Beach , Ventura County , and Miami have n't experienced much income growth but have seen strong price gains .
It 's not difficult to understand why such a tight correlation exists between income growth and price growth , but the relationship is likely more complex than you might think . As incomes rise , so do the mortgage amounts that homebuyers can get . Since homebuying is an auction-like process where the highest bidders win homes , income growth translates into higher home prices through increased consumption of housing . In turn , as home prices rise , employers need to increase their wages in order to retain employees . The kicker , though , is that growing incomes should only lead to increased home prices if supply is limited . When adequate supply is available , prices are n't usually bid up because there are fewer buyers bidding against one another for any given home . This likely explains why income growth in the San Francisco Bay Area has been accompanied by strong home price growth , while income growth in Austin has n't .
Building on this ( pun intended ) , we also find that metros with higher supply elasticity over the past 30 years have experienced less house appreciation , while metros with lower elasticity have experienced greater price appreciation . The correlation is also quite strong at -0.41 and statistically significant . As we discussed last month , elasticity is the measure of how much new housing is built relative to demand , and the strong negative correlation between supply elasticity and house price growth implies that much of the house price divergence we identified in the first section of the report can be explained by how much new housing was built in each of these markets over the past 30 years . We also tested for correlations with house price gains and 30-year population and employment growth . Both of these correlations were small and not statistically significant .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Some members of the commission established by Congress to evaluate the Department of Veterans Health Administration have proposed drastically reducing the size of the VHA by closing its health facilities and transferring the care of the nation 's millions of military veterans to the private sector . But in a letter sent to the chair of the Commission on Care , leaders of eight of the country 's most prominent veterans ' advocacy organizations blasted the proposal .
“ We are greatly alarmed by the content of [ the proposal ] that was developed and drafted outside the open Commission process by seven of the Commission 's fifteen members—without the input or even knowledge of the other Commissioners , ” they wrote in a letter signed by senior leaders of the Disabled American Veterans , the American Legion , the Military Order of the Purple Heart , the Vietnam Veterans of America , the Veterans of Foreign Wars , the Paralyzed Veterans of America , AMVETS , and the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .
The plan—known as the “ Strawman Document “ —was floated in March by seven members of the 15-member Commission on Care , an oversight group that was established by Congress in 2014 in the wake of the national scandal surrounding the lengthy wait times for healthcare at VA facilities . The commission is charged with evaluating veterans ' access to health care and with offering proposals for how the Veterans Health Administration should be organized over the next 20 years .
The “ Strawman ” report , which echoes VA privatization efforts that have been backed by the Koch brothers , says “ bold transformation ” is needed for the VA to address the needs of its enrolled veterans , and that the system is “ seriously broken ” with “ no efficient path to repair it. ” The plan calls for closing many “ obsolete ” VA facilities and moving toward a model where veterans can seek taxpayer-funded care at private health care facilities . A process similar to the Base Realignment and Closure system—used by the military since the end of the Cold War to decide which bases to close—would be used to evaluate which VA medical facilities would close . Under the plan , there would be no new facilities or major renovations of the existing VA facilities .
The plan also called for private doctors to be reimbursed at 5 to 10 percent higher than the Medicare rate , so they would have a greater incentive to participate .
The authors wrote that eventually the VA would become a broad-based payer system , “ though it will continue to pay for the veteran care provided by the community system . ”
Those who opposed the plan agree the VA needs to be improved , but they argue that essentially privatizing it would force veterans to search for care at private facilities that might not be trained or equipped to serve veterans suffering from the long-range effects of combat , such as spinal cord injuries “ and the Polytrauma System of Care. ” The authors add that the proposal ignores recent research , some commissioned by Congress itself , that found that VA care is often better than care in the private sector .
Louis Celli , the national director of veterans affairs and rehabilitation for the American Legion , told the Arizona Republic that they were “ angered and insulted ” by the “ strawman ” plan , and that the commission is now “ absolutely divided ” between those who want to privatize VA care and those who do n't .
The plan lines up with ideas from Concerned Veterans for America , a group that 's backed by the Koch brothers . The group has called for more choice for veterans seeking health care and for the VA and its health functions to be partly privatized . Suzanne Gordon , a health care writer who has covered the VA , notes in their personal blog and in the American Prospect that the supporters and drafters of the “ strawman ” proposal include conservatives and several hospital executives “ who stand to benefit financially from [ VA medical ] privatization . ”
Dan Caldwell , a spokesperson for the Koch-backed group , told the Arizona Republic that the “ Strawman ” proposal has been “ completely distorted by opponents , ” and that there is no call to abolish the VA health care system . “ We are not proposing to abolish the [ VA health care system ] or to end government funding of veterans ' health care , ” Caldwell said .
According to the Arizona Republic , the commission will have two public meetings before issuing a report on its proposal June 30 . The report was due in February , but the commission asked for and received an extension .
Melvin Gordon is not having a very good preseason . In fact , despite the fact that he 's the San Diego Chargers ' starting running back , they look completely ill-suited to be playing in actual NFL regular-season games at this point . They look like a rookie who will need a bunch of time to get used to the NFL game , if they ever can .
This article is not about that , though . It has very little to do with the preseason action , at all , really .
This article is about venting my frustration , in hopes that I can get it all out right now and then forget about it for the rest of the season . This article is about therapy . Take the ride with me , wo n't you ?
The Chargers Wasted Their Draft Pick
The first thing I want to tackle today is .... wait . Hold the phone . That header is wrong . Let me update it .
The Chargers Wasted Multiple Draft Picks
There we go .
What did all of the experts say leading into this year 's NFL Draft , and every NFL Draft for the last five years ? Drafting running backs in the first round is dumb ! Running backs are a dime a dozen ! They 're affected more by their offensive line than by their actual level of talent !
To the experts , Tom Telesco thumbed their nose . Not only was a running back worth a first round draft pick , they were also worth a fourth round draft pick ! And so they traded them both to move up and take Melvin Gordon with the 15th overall pick in the 2015 NFL Draft .
Cut from the Polian Cloth
To understand Tom Telesco 's obsession with drafting Running Backs early , you have to understand who they learned the NFL front office game from : Bill Polian .
Follow the front offices that Polian has worked in and you found a lot of running backs draft in the first round ...
And , lest we forgot that another Polian student that shared the Colts ' front office with Telesco , Ryan Grigson , traded for first-round draft pick Trent Richardson one year after they were drafted when the Cleveland Browns wanted nothing to do with him .
I 'll say this , Polian was smart enough to stop drafting RBs once they got their hands on Thomas and James . However , they were part of the `` old school '' philosophy that starting RBs were only found in the first round of the NFL Draft . If one guy did n't work , he 'd draft another RB in the first round two years later .
By the way , the Colts ' best rusher last year was former 7th round pick Ahmad Bradshaw . In 2012 , it was 5th round draft pick Vick Ballard . ( In 2013 , it was Donald Brown , who ran for a whopping 537 yards . )
Here were last year 's NFL rushing leaders :
Whew . Okay . I wanted to go until I hit a player that was drafted in the first round and still with their original team . My argument is that Marshawn Lynch does n't exactly count for this example since they were so terrible through their first few seasons that the Bills traded them away for next to nothing .
So , Mark Ingram . The 11th leading rusher last season is the top dog when it comes to 1st round picks that are still with their current teams , and it 's worth mentioning that they were the 28th overall pick instead of the 15th . Also worth pointing out that the Saints were 7-9 in a very weak division last season .
What the heck made Telesco look at a list like this and think that their team could n't possibly win games with a strong rushing attack without trading up in the first round and drafting Melvin Gordon in the middle of the first round ?
( Note : The next 1st Round RB on the list is Steven Jackson at 19th , and they were drafted before anyone realized that drafting RBs in the first round is dumb . )
The Ryan Mathews Conundrum
Ryan Mathews was not a bad guy , or a bad player . They just are n't perfect . They had flaws in their game . Their pass blocking was n't great , they had fumbling issues early on , and they had a hard time staying healthy .
So , why did the Chargers fans hate him ? Because of expectations .
In 2010 , A.J . Smith traded their first , second , and fourth round picks to move from # 28 up to # 12 to select the kid from Fresno State . Here 's what Wonko wrote about the trade when it happened :
Make no mistake , this is a bold move by A.J . Smith and will be talked about for years . Unlike the last few bold draft moves that the Chargers GM has made , this player is expected to come in and produce right away . We should all be excited to see them suit up in the Blue and Gold . Source
If you 're not seeing the similarities in the situations , I ca n't help you .
Fans are not just expecting Melvin Gordon to replace Ryan Mathews . They 're expecting them to be better than Ryan Mathews . They 're expecting them to be everything that Ryan could n't be , to finally reach their high expectations , despite proof that it does n't always go like that .
It 's nearly an impossible situation , and it 's one reason that you see the Chargers in a tough pickle heading into this season ...
The Branden Oliver Corollary
Branden Oliver was an undrafted free agent rookie last season . They made the team with an impressive preseason performance , and was pushed into the starting lineup when the guys ahead of them were injured .
As an undrafted free agent rookie starter , Oliver exceeded ( low ) expectations . They were solid . They were hard to tackle . They occasionally made big plays . They very rarely appeared hesitant , and almost never left yards on the field .
While Melvin Gordon has looked like he 's not ready for the NFL in the preseason , Branden Oliver looks ready for stardom . They performed well behind a terrible offensive line last season , and their improvement is seeing a direct improvement in their game as well .
In three preseason games , Branden Oliver has carried the ball 19 times for 75 yards and 2 rushing touchdowns . He 's also caught one pass , which was turned into a 70 yard touchdown reception . If San Diego could get that type of production out of them every week , he 'd win the MVP Award .
And it 's not as if an undrafted free agent making the leap to one of the league 's best RBs in their second season would be unheard of . In their rookie season , Arian Foster averaged 9 carries and 42.8 yards per game . Next year , it went up to 20.4 and 101 yards per game . Last season 's 11.4 carries and 41.6 yards per game for Oliver is n't too dissimilar of a starting point .
Let 's Get Back to the Point ...
A lot of people say that I 'm negative . That everything I write about the Chargers is pessimistic or critical . They say I 'm not a fan .
I am a fan of the San Diego Chargers , and what I want is a team that plays and operates intelligently . When the team is missing opportunities that even I can see , they 're screwing up . ( Seriously , I 'm not that smart . ) When they 're the last team to realize that RBs are a dime a dozen , they 're screwing up .
That 's how you end up wasting your first and fourth draft picks , and it 's also how you end up with your most expensive RB at the bottom of your depth chart .
When it comes to the NFL , running backs have less value that almost every other position . Maybe if the Chargers front office realized that , they would not have wasted their first round draft pick this year .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Security forces have closed roads in the area
An Israeli guard has shot dead a Jordanian who attacked them with a screwdriver next to the Israeli embassy in Jordan , Israeli officials say .
A second Jordanian was inadvertently killed in the gunfire , Israel says . The guard was reportedly wounded .
The attacker was a carpenter working in a residential building used by the embassy , an Israeli statement said .
It is one of the most serious incidents between the two countries since they signed a peace treaty in 1994 .
The second Jordanian , who died from their wounds in hospital , was identified as the building 's landlord .
Jordanian police have sealed off the area around the heavily protected embassy in the Rabiyeh neighbourhood , an affluent part of the capital city .
According to the Vienna Convention of 1961 the security man has immunity from investigation and arrest , the Israeli foreign ministry said .
Holy site row
The incident came at a time of heightened tension in the region over a Jerusalem holy site .
On Friday , thousands of Jordanians protested in Amman against Israel over the installation of metal detectors outside a site sacred to both Muslims and Jews in East Jerusalem .
Jordan , which occupied East Jerusalem from 1949 to 1967 , is the custodian of the site , which is known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif and Jews as the Temple Mount .
Tensions between Israelis and Palestinians over the site have surged in recent days in response to the metal detectors , which were put in place following the killing nearby of two Israeli police officers .
Security cameras have now also been installed at a gateway leading to the site .
This post is less on doing something useful and more on just proving that I can do something even though PowerShell is trying to tell me that I can not do it . That little thing is updating a property on an object that is set as Read-Only .
My example to show you how you can do something like this is by looking at $ PSVersionTable which as we all know gives us some great information about what version of PowerShell that we are using .
$ PSVersionTable
I am also using this as this was an example used in our previous user group meeting in which we were shown that the properties here could not be updated .
From this object , I am going to look more at the PSVersion property which of course is an object within this object .
$ PSVersionTable.PSVersion
Looking at the properties of this object , we can see that each of the properties are shown as Read-Only by only having the Get method available to use .
$ PSVersionTable.PSVersion | Get-Member
Furthermore , I am greeted with a nice error stating that my attempts to modify this have been foolish and that I should just give up .
$ PSVersionTable.PSVersion.Major = 10
Yea , I guess I could just throw in the towel and move onto something more useful like updating some bugs on a module , but I think that I can do better here ! And by using some reflection magic , I can make this happen !
To do this , I need to look at the hidden fields for the PSVersion object .
$ PSVersionTable.PSVersion.GetType ( ) .GetFields ( 'static , nonpublic , instance ' ) .Name
Here we can see that the field that we need to look at updating is _Major . Now we need to figure out how we can set this .
$ Field = $ PSVersionTable.PSVersion.GetType ( ) .GetField ( '_Major ' , 'static , nonpublic , instance ' ) $ Field | Get-Member
Looking at the methods , I see a SetValue that accepts a object and a value for the object . This seems pretty simple , right ? Just call the method and update the value .
$ Field.SetValue ( $ PSVersionTable.PSVersion,10 ) $ PSVersionTable.PSVersion
Perfect ! We have now updated this “ Read-Only ” property to give us PowerShell V10 ! Now this will go away once we close and re-open PowerShell but it still a fun thing to do to show off how you can update these kinds of values .
Light up your home to the best effect Find out how to transform a dark room with the right lighting , create a flattering light in your bathroom and make a cosy ambience in your living room . Get some expert advice from Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen too . In this section The basics
Before you buy a single bulb , learn some lighting basics Before you buy a single bulb , learn some lighting basics Create a lighting plan
Draw out room plans to help you place lights to the best effect Draw out room plans to help you place lights to best effect Types of lighting
Discover more about different types of lighting Discover more about different types of lighting Tricks of the eye
How to make a room look larger , brighter , cosier ... How to make a room look larger , brighter , cosier ... Fixtures and fittings
Tips on choosing the right light for the right place Tips on choosing the right light for the right place Laurence 's tips
Expert ideas for making the most of electric and natural lighting Expert ideas for making the most of electric and natural lighting Living room schemes
For lighting up your leisure and lounging time For lighting up your leisure and lounging time Kitchen schemes
For a functional and efficient place to prepare food For a functional and efficient place to prepare food Bathroom schemes
For a blissful but practical washroom For a blissful but practical washroom Bedroom schemes
For a restful , calm environment to sleep and play in For a restful , calm environment to sleep and play in Hallway schemes
For a warm , friendly welcome to your home For a warm , friendly welcome to your home Also in site Elsewhere on bbc.co.uk Elsewhere on the web The BBC is not responsible for content on external websites
Police in Ferguson , MO arrested two journalists for covering the protests over their fatal shooting of an unarmed teenager six . Officers shoved Wesley Lowery , of the Washington Post , into a soda machine for taping them , before they were cuffed in plastic binds . An officer rammed Ryan Grim 's head against glass . The reporter for the Huffington Post was n't packing up their reporting gear quickly enough . Both journalists ' respective papers released statements condemning the Ferguson police , but the decline of free press reaches further than one town in Missouri .
Unfortunately state suppression of the press is hardly isolated to Ferguson . The problem goes all the way up to the White House , where the Obama Administration is preventing journalists from accurately reporting on policy .
According to The Society of Professional Journalists , the Obama Administration has engaged in “ excessive message management and preventing journalists from getting information on behalf of citizens. ” The grievances were also supported by 37 other journalism and open government groups . The report details the use of “ Public Information Officers , ” whose roles are to filter reports before they 're available for mass consumption . Stories coming from the White House are trimmed and primed to perfection before the public can even get access to the latest information .
That 's when they 're not spying on journalists . Last year , the Justice Department subpoenaed all of the Associated Press 's phone records while hunting for Edward Snowden . According to Human Rights Watch , the increase in U.S. surveillance has dramatically impacted journalism . They write , “ The crackdown includes new restrictions on contact between intelligence officials and the media [ and ] an increase in leak prosecutions… Journalists interviewed for the report said that surveillance intimidates sources , making them more hesitant to discuss even unclassified issues of public concern . ”
On Wednesday , a group of Pulitzer Prize-winning journalists banded together to demand the Department of Justice stop threatening reporters with jail . Their cries for sanctuary have been met with silence .
In a saddening review of the world 's treatment of journalists , International NGO Reporters Without Borders rates 46 out of 180 countries in press freedom . The United Kingdom , Uruguay , and Poland all treat their press far better than in this country . “ Freedom of Speech , ” as codified in the First Amendment , has all but deteriorated . The government has made it exceedingly difficult for reporters to ask hard questions and receive straight answers without repercussions . It 's a lot easier for journalists today to report on click-bait than hard-hitting truths about our government .
In order for any democracy to properly function , the citizenry must be informed . Voters ca n't make informed choices without the press . Representation without information is not representation at all .
The Columbia Journalism Review released a story a few months ago unveiling how the media industry functions today ; their analysis can be quickly summed up by the line : “ Report first , ask questions later. ” This media model has triumphed over its old-media precursor -- the Network-era news symbolized by Walter Cronkite -- and this “ new-media ” model is here to stay . News agencies are far more focused on clicks and views , foregoing copy editing and fact checking .
While the public ca n't expect media to return to the Cronkite-era ( nor would we want to -- it was a time where all journalists were white men , news was n't entertaining , and there was only one narrative to every news story ) , we can hope that accuracy becomes reprioritized . But the first step has to be demanding that the government does n't get in the way of the press doing its job : informing the people . Press freedom needs to be a priority . Only after this problem gets addressed will we see a renaissance of quality journalism .
The United States , and its people , need to emphasize the importance of freedom of the press . This country can not function as a “ democracy ” if its constituency is ill- or uninformed . Yes , a great deal of the media 's misreporting and click-baiting is its own fault . But let 's make it easier for the press to report on how our government is behaving -- because for many , that 's what we 're interested in above all else .
This article has been corrected to reflect the newly-reported autopsy .
The commander of the army 's storied Givati Brigade says that studying Torah “ protects the people of Israel more than anything else . ”
IDF Col. Ofer Winter said in an interview with the latest issue of the ultra-Orthodox newspaper Mishpacha ( Family ) that “ anyone who can sit and study [ Torah ] – it 's their duty to do so . In a time of war the thing the people of Israel require most is for Torah students to sit and study the Torah more intensively , ” they say .
Winter made headlines three weeks ago , at the start of Operation Protective Edge , when they declared “ holy war ” on the Palestinians in an official IDF dispatch to their troops .
They said they tell the soldiers before they go into battle , “ Shma Yisrael , you 're going to war today . ”
Winter said all their soldiers , even the most secular ones , pray “ with great intent ” before going to battle . “ When a person 's life is in danger , they connect with their deepest inner truth and when that happens , even the greatest heretic meets God , ” they said .
Referring in the interview to those who criticized their “ holy war ” dispatch , Winter said , “ Anyone who attacked me probably saw weapons only in pictures , never took part in a battle and does n't know what fighting spirit is . ”
In their Protective Edge dispatch three weeks ago , Winter made great use of Biblical references , telling their troops they were going to war “ to wipe out an enemy ” who “ curses and defames God . ”
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
The letter , titled , “ The commander 's battle orders , ” stresses that the troops ' mission is to “ wipe out the enemy and lift the threat from the people of Israel . ”
The dispatch , recently posted in social media , says , “ I raise my eyes to the sky and call out with you ‘ Shma Israel , the Lord is our God , the Lord is one . The Lord God of Israel , make our way successful . … We 're going to war for your people Israel against an enemy that defames you . ”
Highscore Board HighScore
You 're currently not ranked ! Play the game and try to win top spot ! Rank User Date Score 1st iiNigger 225 previous attempts Friday , April 01 , 2016 1528485.46341271 minutes ago 210 2nd Guest 4 previous attempts Monday , February 08 , 2016 1605868.33229605 minutes ago 200 3rd israelmaiden 141 previous attempts Monday , February 08 , 2016 1605853.31646271 minutes ago 200 4th Guest First attempts ! Wednesday , February 03 , 2016 1612969.52024605 minutes ago 168 5th Guest First attempts ! Wednesday , February 03 , 2016 1611767.80512938 minutes ago 168 6th Guest First attempt ! Thursday , February 04 , 2016 1610411.83912938 minutes ago 168 7th Guest First attempts ! Thursday , February 04 , 2016 1610390.52324605 minutes ago 168 8th Guest First attempts ! Thursday , February 04 , 2016 1610320.88962938 minutes ago 168 9th Guest First attempt ! Friday , February 05 , 2016 1610180.33157938 minutes ago 168 10th Guest First attempt ! Friday , February 05 , 2016 1608958.19741271 minutes ago 168 11th Guest First attempt ! Saturday , February 06 , 2016 1607581.46669605 minutes ago 168 12th Guest First attempt ! Sunday , February 07 , 2016 1607265.68419605 minutes ago 168 13th Nachockaxis 13 previous attempts Sunday , January 31 , 2016 1615998.21414272 minutes ago 131 14th Guest 70 previous attempts Friday , February 26 , 2016 1578915.06540938 minutes ago 131 15th Anonymous60 190 previous attempts Thursday , March 10 , 2016 1560149.16930938 minutes ago 104 1,287 ranked players Go to rank : Go [ More Highscores ]
Tap Ninja
Version 1.2
by israelmaiden
First published on 30th January , 2016
How high can you climb ? Collect all shurikens and avoid the obstacles .
Plays Stats 2,626 total plays 2,340 guest plays 286 Scirra member plays
Users Stats 1,382 unique players 1,226 unique guests 156 Scirra members
Comments
Leave your comment
Your opinion matters ! To leave comments you 'll need to register a new account or login to your exisiting account .
8 . Your religion is failing you .
Ugh , dear GOD ! When I was a kid , I read the bible every night and recited scriptures as I prayed for my grandmother to overcome their illness . I prayed for their leg not to be amputated and that they lived long enough to witness someone in the family finally find success . They lost their leg and later died when I was 14 years old . Strike one ! Sex , drugs , and alcohol are things I was exposed to by the very same people who held my hand during bible study prayer . Strike two ! I was constantly being led to feel an overwhelming sense of guilt . I did n't like feeling like a sinner . After all , God made me this way , right ? I should n't feel as though I committed the biggest act of treason just because as a 22 year old , I spent my Saturday night at Hotel Cafe and drank two cans of Boddingtons ( English Beer ) , ate a plate of overpriced but tasty salad , while watching Greg Laswell jam on their keyboard . However , the next day the church pastor certainly made me feel like I did something worth being damned to hell for . STRIKE THREE ! And so I lost my religion . I do n't really have a resolution for this type of situation . I only know that religion that is being practiced fallaciously or taught incorrectly can lead so some serious unhappiness .
There are spoilers in the story below on Game of Thrones season 7 , episode 3 , “ The Queen 's Justice ” …
There 's a Stark at the gate ! But we bet it was n't the Stark you expected . Bran unexpectedly returned home to Winterfell in Sunday night 's Game of Thrones episode , “ The Queen 's Justice , ” and reunited with their sister Sansa . Except Sansa quickly realized their brother has changed more than they could have possibly imagined . Now he 's the mystic Three-Eyed Raven , with all space and time accessible to their mind and rather uninterested in human pursuits like taking command of Winterfell or bonding with their family .
“ I think it 's a major shock for Sansa , ” Bran actor Isaac Hempstead-Wright tells EW . “ She 's lost their brother once before when they fell out of that tower , and now Bran 's back but they lose them all over again . All the Starks have changed so much . Arya is like this ninja assassin . Sansa has been held captive by these tyrannical men and had to become politically cunning herself . But Bran is now this tree-raven-magic thing . ”
Sunday 's episode was also the first time fans really began to understand how much Bran 's magical conversion has altered their personality . “ It 's like imagining you have all space and time in your head , ” Hempstead-Wright says . “ Bran is existing in thousands of planes of existence at any one time . So it 's quite difficult for Bran to have any kind of semblance of personality anymore because he 's really like a giant computer . ”
Figuring out how to handle Bran 's massive power-up was one of the tricker aspects of crafting season 7 . Introducing a character who might know everything risks draining suspense from a story that depends on characters having certain limitations .
RELATED : Hear the latest from EW 's Game of Thrones Weekly podcast
Explains showrunner Dan Weiss : “ One of the things we loved about Game of Thrones from the very first book is it 's not a world where magic is the primary driver of the story , it 's a world where human psychology and behavior and desire are drivers of the story . We try very hard to make sure it stays that way because that 's a lot more relatable to the vast majority of the audience than magic powers — as much fun as those are . So with Bran , ideally you want to use them in a way that adds to the story and enriches the story and not in a way that 's a magic bullet to conveniently deal with things that you have n't come up with a better way to deal with . So it was a balancing act to account for who Bran is now without letting that overtake the story . ”
The solution , as it turned out , was already written into the drama 's previous season : Bran was turned into the Three-Eyed Raven very prematurely when their cave came under attack . “ There was supposed to be more time to learn what they needed to know and they ran out of time , ” showrunner David Benioff says . “ Now Bran the Broken is broken in more ways than one . He 's got serious challenges dealing with all the stuff happening in their mind and that prevents them becoming this omniscient character . ”
Or as Hempstead-Wright puts it : “ Bran really at this stage is not the Three-Eyed Raven . He 's got the title but has n't had thousands of years of sitting in a cave looking through time . Somebody put in front of them a massive encyclopedia of all time and he 's only opened page one . They can look stuff up but does n't have this all-knowing all-seeing capability just yet . ”
To stay up to date on everything Game of Thrones , follow our all-encompassing Facebook page and sign up for our exclusive newsletter
Bran Stark is n't a name that comes up very often when fans talk about who should end up on the Iron Throne . But now that we have a better sense of Bran 's newfound abilities , we wondered : Does this make Bran a better candidate to rule the Seven Kingdoms ? Or worse ?
“ I think Bran would make a great Hand of the King , ” Hempstead-Wright says . “ You ca n't do much better as a Hand than somebody who 's all knowing . The people who tend to stay alive in those positions are people who are ruthless and politically conniving and I do n't think Bran has the ability to do that . But the Iron Throne might suit them — they do have to sit down ! ”
More “ The Queen 's Justice ” coverage :
— Showrunners on losing that fan favorite : Only character to ‘ win their own death scene '
— Emilia Clarke and Kit Harington discuss their first on-screen meeting
— Game of Thrones actor on that brutal ‘ worst nightmare ' Cersei scene
— Our deep-dive recap ( in-progress )
Game of Thrones airs Sundays on HBO .
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau sounded a defiant note Tuesday as they promised to press ahead with the Liberal government 's controversial tax changes even as clear new evidence emerged to show a Canadian economy on the rebound .
The Finance Department says the federal government ran a smaller deficit than the $ 23 billion that was forecast in the spring budget , ending the 2016-17 fiscal year with an actual deficit of $ 17.8 billion .
Not surprisingly , Trudeau seized on the news as evidence of progress in the Liberal plan to grow the economy by helping middle class Canadians . And they stood firmly by contentious new tax rules for small businesses — changes they insisted are more about making the system fair than they are about generating revenue .
“ We are moving forward to make the tax system fairer to stop the system that encourages wealthy Canadians to use private corporations to pay lower tax rates than the middle class , ” Trudeau told a news conference in Ottawa .
The proposed changes have sparked a revolt by doctors , farmers , small business owners and even some backbench Liberal MPs , who have spoken publicly about the complaints they have been hearing from their constituents .
Finance Minister Bill Morneau released the controversial , three-pronged plan in mid-July , including restrictions on the ability of business owners to lower their tax rate by sprinkling income to family members in lower tax brackets , even if those family members do no work for the business .
They also proposed limiting tech use of private corporations to make passive investments in things like stocks or real estate and limiting the ability to convert the regular income of a corporation into capital gains , which are typically taxed at a lower rate .
Trudeau said they will take the feedback into account to make sure the proposed changes specifically target the wealthy , but will not be throwing the entire idea out the window .
“ We are glad to hear people 's questions and concerns to ensure that as we move forward — which we will — on changing the system … we will ensure that we 're doing it the right way , ” they said .
I think the Liberals are desperately trying to change the message on this . Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer
“ We were pleased to see a tremendous amount of response to our consultation paper — people with concerns , some legitimate , some less so — and we are folding them into the proposal that we will put forward , which will make our tax system fairer . ”
Trudeau also suggested the promised legislation would be narrowly targeted , “ so that hard-working , middle-class small businesses , hard-working , middle-class farmers , do not get penalized by a measure that is aimed at wealthy Canadians . ”
Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer was n't buying it .
“ I think the Liberals are desperately trying to change the message on this , ” Scheer said Tuesday .
“ I think that this is nothing more than a cash grab that will hurt local businesses ' ability to not only retain the workers that they already have , but to create new jobs in their community . ”
With files from Stephanie Levitz
A Few Caveats
Please bear in mind that none of this has to be a stereotype that rules your life . You 're a unique individual with a unique background , and this description is simply a generalization based on statistics and averages . It is not your destiny , your fate , or anything like that . Do n't take what you read here as limitations , but as an invitation to grow outside your core strengths . And especially do n't use this description as an excuse . You 're better than that ! : ) Besides , why box yourself in ? Type is a starting point , not an ending place . Enjoy it and then grow from it .
General
ESFPs are estimated at :
9.37 % of the American population ( sample size 9,320 ; Myers & McCaulley , 1985 )
8.7 % of the UK population * ( sample size 1,634 ; Kendall & McHenry , 1998 )
9.04 % of the Australian population ( sample size 3,373 ; Macdaid , McCaulley , & Kainz , 1986 )
3.9 % of the New Zealand population ( sample size 993 ; Bathurst , 1995 )
3.3 % of the Singapore population ( sample size 1,733 ; Lim , 1994 )
* Be chary about comparing the UK estimate with the others . There 's a long explanation .
Love
A caveat . Isabel Myers ( INFP ) married a man named Chief , an ISTJ and a good man . They were happy together , but according to Isabel 's own type theory they were n't predicted to be perfect for each other . Later on , Myers said that if they had known about type theory , they probably would n't have married Chief . Hm ! There is a lesson to be learned here : type is not everything , nor should it be the decisive factor in choosing your lifemate . Take it from the founder of type herself .
Then too , the connections between type , attraction , love and marriage have n't been well studied yet . ( The question is more complicated than you 'd think . ) You can read about this question and the various attempts to answer it here .
A study found that ESFPs have average satisfaction with their marriage when compared to other Sensors ( Intuitives generally had lower satisfaction than Sensors ) .
Keirsey believed that the best partners for the ESFP were the ISTJs .
( On a relational side note , ESFPs rated themselves as having the most satisfying friendships of all Sensors . )
Work
ESFPs were the type that most liked the work environment characteristics `` Makes jobs simple '' and `` Does not expect extra hours . '' Over 80 % of ESFPs also liked the characteristics `` Variety of tasks , '' `` Clear structure , '' `` Independence and achievement , '' `` Loyalty/security , '' and `` Teamwork . '' They were also among the top four types that liked `` Toe the line expectations , '' though in reality no type really liked this choice . ( The ones who liked it most were the ESFJs , and only 43 % of them liked it . )
According to Hammer ( 1993 ) , occupational trends for ESFPs include health care , teaching , coaching , childcare work , and skilled trades .
ESFPs also hold the unique position of being the type least likely to become a librarian . They tend to prefer hands on tasks , i.e . construction , maintenance , outdoor work , etc . where they work with real objects using their Artisan skills to deftly manipulate tools and machinery ( Myers , McCaulley , Quenk & Hammer , 1998 ) .
The number one organizational values for ESFPs was `` Happy family . '' They rated the value `` Achievement within system '' ( i.e . corporate ladder climbing ) as particularly low .
Job Satisfaction
A study of type and job satisfaction found that ESFPs were among the four types mostly likely to quit within the next year . Dissatisfiers for ESFPs included `` Promotions , '' `` Job security , '' `` Stress , '' `` Salary , '' and `` Accomplishment . '' Their only satisfier was `` People I work with . '' ESFPs tied with INTPs for listing the most dissatisfiers of all types .
School
The MBTI manual notes that `` Perceiving types liked tactile learning and loud noise and approaches to learning that are random and holistic . '' HAHA , like that 's ever going to happen . Grades 0-12 are run by Judgers , who like `` learning settings to clear structure , motivation , drill , teaching games , and independent study . '' Then in college , things are run by the Intuitives , who have their own set of preferences .
ESFPs ( like all Artisans ) tend to prefer immediate , concrete gains over long term promises . For this reason they have a hard time swallowing the idea that school will make their lives better at some point in the remote future . Hence why the Artisans tend to start dropping out around high school , and why they tend to get low grades .
In fact , ESFPs tend to score in the low end of aptitude tests , and they were last for grades . This probably has more to do with lack of motivation than lack of talent . For instance , a study of students participating in the Academic Decathalon , a national scholastic competition , found that ST and SP types were overrepresented ( though still very much in the minority ) . The competitive atmosphere of the contest apparently brought out the best in these SPs . If it were possible to win tests rather than to just pass them , ESFPs would probably receive much better grades .
Since school feels so boring -- and pointless -- to ESFPs -- they escape by chatting with classmates , goofing off , getting up and walking around , and wriggling in their seats . Keirsey , who was a school psychologist as well as a type practitioner and a WWII fighter pilot , believed that ESFPs tended to be misdiagnosed with ADHD in school . The MBTI manual also notes that normal ESP behaviors which can be explained by type are misdiagnosed by parents as symptoms of ADHD . One study found that ADHD-diagnosed students tended to be more E , S , F , and P than their teachers .
Keirsey did n't deny that some ESFP behaviors were problematic and made even the ESFP unhappy , but they did n't believe that nagging , scolding , or Ritalin ( particularly not Ritalin ) was the solution . They noted about the use of Ritalin , `` But there 's a problem : even though the child has been drugged into submission they are still friendless , unhappy , has stopped growing , and is not learning . So neither they nor their parents are content . But if narcotherapy is discontinued they will resume their disruptive behavior . '' Keirsey had a different answer -- he used psychology .
You can read Keisey 's essays on what they considered the hoax of ADHD -- and descriptions of their solutions to the problems -- at the bottom of their articles page .
In terms of college retention , one study found that ESFPs were one of the most likely types to persist .
Stress
A study ESFPs revealed that they reported more sources of stress in their lives than any other type . They were stressed out about children , intimate relationships , school , finances , health , care for aging parents , and `` other . '' The list of things that did n't stress them out is smaller : work and balancing home and work . It would seem that job stress is the least of the ESFP 's worries .
ESFPs coped with their stress by using the methods `` Talk to someone close , '' `` Try to avoid stressful situations , '' `` Get upset or angry and show it , '' `` Watch television , '' and `` Sleep . '' They tended not to use the strategies , `` Try to think of options , '' and `` Exercise . ''
Parenthood
Play
A study found that the only leisure pastime for which ESFPs were overrepresented was `` Watching TV 3 hrs or more per day . '' They were underrepresented for the pastimes of `` Reading , '' and `` Working out/exercising . '' ( No , there is no correlation betwen type and body mass . )
Appearance
ESFP dress tends to be casual and comfortable . However , this goal may be at odds with the goal of looking `` hot '' or `` cute , '' which matters to Artisans more than to other temperaments , and to the ESFPs in particular . ESFPs are also one of the four types that most values `` Prestige '' and as such may dress with a certain flash . ( Note -- no type attached a high value to prestige . The ES types , however , were on the high end of low . )
Type Dynamics and Cognitive Functions ( Or Not )
I wo n't be covering type dynamics or cognitive functions here . Type junkies may be wondering why not , since Se , Fi , Te , and Ni are widely considered to be characteristic of ESFPs . But there is doubt over whether the cognitive functions exist . You can read about it here .
Although many of the observations that have been explained by cognitive function theory are valid , many simply are not . I believe that cognitive function theory causes more confusion than it clears up -- particularly in the all-important area of figuring out one 's type . I just do n't see much point in pouring more time and effort into a bucket so full of holes , and have opted to leave out this part of type theory .
Post-Apocalyptic Survival for ESFPs
Does your type have what it takes to survive the end of the world , or will you be eaten by monsters ? Read on and find your fate ... or do n't , and die in unimaginable agony . The choice is up to you .
Famous ESFPs
Real People
Dolley Madison - As wife of President James Madison ( INTP ) , Dolley is still recognized as one of the most charming and influential First Ladies in US history . They were known in their time as Queen Dolley and was , without a doubt , the most popular woman in the United States . Kind , generous , and lively , they were loved by almost everyone who knew them Them parties and social events were the scene in Washington D.C .
Fictional People
Porthos - The second Musketeer
Donald Duck - A laid back comic book duck with a penchant for avoiding work in fun , clever ways .
Aladdin - An Arab street boy from the Walt Disney film of the same name .
Links
ESFP forum at Personality Cafe - A place where ESFPs gather to talk .
Books of Interest
Sources
Younger voters are known for their low turn-out rates , but in 2012 they showed up in record numbers and helped decide the fate of the presidential election . While the president is n't up for re-election for another two years , there are still plenty of reasons for younger voters , particularly colleges students , to vote this year . Here are six reasons why young voters should practice their civic duty on Election Day .
1 . You 're a target demographic this election
This year 's election season has a few competitive races in student-heavy districts that young voters should look out for .
In District 60B , which includes neighborhoods around the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities , incumbent Rep. Phyllis Kahn , DFL-Minneapolis , is facing a strong challenger in Mohamud Noor . Noor supporters pushed Kahn , who has represented the district since 1972 , out of getting the DFL endorsement in April .
Ryan Kennedy , executive director of Minnesota Public Interest Research Group said the Kahn-Noor race is particularly important because whoever wins has a lot of potential to be a strong voice in higher education policy .
The 60B race also features two drastically different candidates . Noor , Minneapolis School Board member and executive director of the Confederation of Somali Community in Minnesota , is a political newcomer . If elected , Kahn would serve their 22nd term as state representative .
“ It 's interesting when you have an established leader and someone newer , ” said Andrew Timm , a senior political science student at Macalester College .
As the state 's most student-dense district , young voters have a lot at stake in this race , like rising tuition and growing achievement gaps .
2 . Because you did in 2012
The University of Minnesota is n't the only campus with a tight state representative race .
First-term Rep. Zachary Dorholt is running against Republican challenger and former lawmaker Jim Knoblach in District 14B . The area includes the St . Cloud State University and St . Cloud Technical & Community College .
Dorholt was elected in 2012 when the same-sex marriage and voter ID amendments caused student and young voters to come out in much larger numbers .
Minnesota Young DFL President Andie Whitaker said this race is one to watch out for because Dorholt is the only DFLer in the sixth congressional district and students helped elect him .
Incumbents who relied on young voters in previous elections could lose out this year without students coming out to the polls .
3 . Tuition and education issues continue to be hot-button topics
Historic student-centered talking points like tuition and education have been at the forefront of recent local politics . Both Kahn and Noor , for example , have both advocated for lower tuition .
FairVote Minnesota Director of Campaigns Mike Griffin , who has organized in the University of Minnesota area for many years and ran against Kahn in 2012 , said tuition and accessibility have been the district 's biggest issues .
“ I came to the U in 2004 . It 's 2014 now and it 's been a big decade for tuition , ” they said . “ In that time span it 's grown twice as much . ”
Tuition continues to be a developing issue , and one that will come to play in future races . Lawmakers passed a bill last year freezing undergraduate tuition at Minnesota 's public colleges and universities for two years , though it 's unclear how the University of Minnesota and other schools will change tuition after the freeze .
Griffin said high education costs blocks off many people of color from attending college .
And the Kahn-Noor race is n't the only one that students of color should pay attention to this season . There are many educational issues that will directly affect them .
Whitaker said Minneapolis ' school board race , of which five of nine seats are up for election this year , is important for students and young people of color due to the city 's huge achievement gap .
4 . Candidates would pay more attention to your needs
When it comes to candidates engaging students , it can sometimes be a chicken and an egg situation . If campaigns do n't address students and their needs , then students may not come to the polls and the cycle continues . Griffin said this is a problem locally .
“ The reason why [ students ' ] issues are n't brought up is because their vote is n't considered valuable , ” Griffin said . “ It 's because the average age of an August primary [ voter ] is 62 . ”
When politicians engage students it can be a powerful experience .
For Andrew Timm , having Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass. , on the Macalester campus earlier this year to support Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , was an important moment of politicians engaging students . Timm said Franken 's re-election campaign against GOP challenger Mike McFadden is an important race for them this year because both Franken and Warren have campaigned on fixing student debt .
If young demographics have better turnout rates , candidates may engage students more — and vice versa .
5 . Your friends could vote too
Come November , election coverage , political statuses and voter booth selfies will dominate many college students ' Facebook and Twitter feeds . It 's another step in the process for many politically active young people and the candidates they support .
Whitaker said talking about voting and sharing information on the issues with friends is key to building many political campaigns .
It 's difficult for candidates to reach out to students during the summer months , they said , but it 's important for politically engaged young people to be active on social media . It 's how they got started in politics , Whitaker added .
Seeing a student vote could inspire another person to get to the polls .
6 . You have no excuse not to vote
During the last session , lawmakers passed a proposal that allows voters to cast absentee ballots without an excuse . For student voters who have class or work and can not physically go vote on Election Day — or for those who simply do n't want to — there 's now no-excuse absentee voting .
Whitaker said voting early is important for getting students to engage in the political process .
But it 's unclear how student voter participation will fare on Election Day , Griffin said , because many students feel disenfranchised from campaigns .
“ The jury is still out on how fired up students are going to be , ” they said .
Coverage of the 2014 elections is funded in part by a grant from The Minneapolis Foundation . Coverage of issues and events that affect Central Corridor neighborhoods and communities is funded in part by a grant from Central Corridor Collaborative .
Correction : A previous version of this story misquoted Mike Griffin . They said the average voter age at an August primary is 62 .
Aspirants to the White House , both Democratic and Republican , have , as we all know , begun “ announcing , ” thus initiating , from a rationalist 's point of view , a media carnival featuring , on both sides , an array of supposedly God-fearing clowns and faith-mongering nitwits groveling before Evangelicals and nattering on about their belief in the Almighty and their certainty that if we just looked , we could find answers to many of our ills in the Good Book .
The candidates will cloak their true agendas – serving the Lords of Wall Street far more zealously than Our Father who art ( or really , art not ) in heaven – in pious patter about “ values , ” about the need to “ restore America ” and return us to the state of divinely granted exceptionalism President Obama has so gravely squandered . This Season of Unreason will end with the elections of November 2016 , but its consequences – validation of the idea that belief without evidence is a virtue , that religion , and especially Christianity , deserves a place in our politics , our Constitutionally enshrined secularism notwithstanding – will live on and damage the progressive cause .
Advertisement :
But it does not have to be this way .
There will almost certainly be no ( declared ) atheist or even agnostic among the candidates . This is scandalous , given the electorate 's gradual , relentless ditching of religion . A survey just out shows that 7.5 million Americans have abandoned their faith since 2012 , the year of the Pew Research Center poll that established that one out of five have no religious affiliation . Nonbelief is trending , and among a sizable , growing demographic .
Professing belief in a fictitious celestial deity says a lot about the content of a person 's character , and what sort of policies they or they would likely favor . So , we should take a look at those who have announced so far , and what sort of religious views they hold . Let 's start with the Republicans . Rand Paul , the eye-surgeon senator from Kentucky , is officially a “ devout ” Christian , but they have subtly hinted that they really does not believe . They find it tough to see “ God 's hand ” in the suffering they encounter as a doctor , citing an example any New Atheist could have chosen to dispel the notion that a benevolent deity watches over humanity : “ small children dying from brain tumors. ” This gives Paul to wonder if one needs to be “ saved more than once , ” which implies their faith has failed them at times . Nevertheless , they say , they always do “ come back ” to Jesus . They closed their announcement speech asking for “ God 's help ” in getting elected . Whether they meant it , we do n't really know .
With the dapper Florida Sen. Marco Rubio we move into the more disturbing category of Republicans we might charitably diagnose as “ faith-deranged ” – in other words , as likely to do fine among the unwashed “ crazies ” in the red-state primaries , but whose religious beliefs would ( or should ) render them unfit for civilized company anywhere else .
Among the faith-deranged , Rubio stands out . They briefly dumped one magic book for another , converting from Roman Catholicism to Mormonism and then back again . ( Reporters take note : This is faith-fueled flip-flopping , which surely indicates a damning character flaw to be investigated . Flip-flopping of a different sort helped sink John Kerry 's 2004 presidential bid . ) Yet even as a re-minted Catholic , Rubio cheats on the Pope with a megachurch in Miami called Christ Fellowship . As religion and politics blogger Bruce Wilson points out , Christ Fellowship is a hotbed of “ demonology and exorcism , Young Earth creationism , and denial of evolution , ” and is so intolerant it demands its prospective employees certify they are not “ practicing homosexuals ” and do n't cheat on their spouses . ( Check out its manifesto under “ About Us – What We Believe. ” ) As regards evolution , Rubio confesses that he 's “ not a scientist ” and so can not presume to judge the fact of evolution on its merits , and holds that creationism should be taught in schools as just one of many “ multiple theories ” about our origins .
Though they magnanimously acknowledge that atheists “ have a right to not believe in God , ” Rubio has called the Almighty the “ source of all we have , ” and , worse , stated that “ our national motto is ‘ In God We Trust , ' ” which reminds us that “ faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all. ” According to this logic , atheists are not fully “ American. ” Rubio also believes “ You can not do anything without God , ” which they term “ a profound and elemental truth. ” Stephen Hawking , the theoretical physicist known for , among other things , their far more profound and elemental accomplishments in melding the general theory of relativity and quantum mechanics , and , most recently , for publicly declaring their atheism , would beg to differ . It 's a safe bet , in fact , that most scientists have a better grasp on the vital verities than anyone rummaging around in Rubio 's beloved “ sacred ” tome of far-fetched fiction and foolish figments .
Advertisement :
Yet of the Republicans , the most flagrant irrationalist is clearly Texas junior Sen. Ted Cruz . For starters , Cruz pandered fulsomely to the faith-deranged by choosing to announce at Liberty University , that bastion of darkness located in Lynchburg , Virginia . Once administered by the late Jerry Falwell , Liberty promises a “ World Class Christian education ” and boasts that it has been “ training champions for Christ since 1971 ” – grounds enough , in my view , to revoke the institution 's charter and subject it to immediate quarantine until sanity breaks out .
Allow me a brief yet significant digression . One wonders , in Cruz 's case , if the malady of faith is n't acquired , but transmitted genetically . In 2013 , their father , Rafael , an Evangelical pastor , spoke at a Second Amendment advocacy meeting in Oklahoma . They declared atheism amounts to a lack of moral absolutes . Hence , “ If there 's no god , ” then no moral absolutes can exist , `` and you can change the rules . '' This “ leads us to sexual immorality , leads us to sexual abuse , leads us to perversion , and of course , no hope ! ” At least one of Ted Cruz 's own direr musings -- that gays are waging a ” jihad . . . in Indiana and Arkansas , and going after people of faith who respect the biblical teaching that marriage is the union of one man and one woman ” -- prompt the question : if Cruz is elected , will they classify homosexuality as terrorism and dispatch gay “ jihadis ” to Guantanamo ?
During their 31-minute announcement address , Cruz recounts how their once-truant dad found Jesus and returned home . Otherwise , peppering their talk with references to God , Cruz informs us they will restore a United States brought low under Obama 's maleficent rein by uniting “ millions of courageous conservatives ” who will rise up “ together to say in unison ‘ we demand our liberty ! ' ” From whom , exactly ? They do n't say .
Cruz 's platform comes as no surprise . They want to do many odious things , including protecting Hobby Lobby ( the baneful Supreme Court decision that birthed a plethora of Religious Freedom Acts such as the one in Indiana and saving the ( reactionary , contraceptive-denying ) Little Sisters of the Poor . They also , of course , aims to “ uphold the sacrament of marriage ” ( no parsing necessary ) . All this will come not from “ Washington . It will come only from the men and women across this country . . . from people of faith , from lovers of liberty , from people who respect the Constitution ” ( except , of course , the parts of it that keep religion out of the affairs of state ) .
Advertisement :
The sole Republican candidate unbound by religion 's “ mind-forged manacles ” appears to be the little-known Mark Everson , a native New Yorker who served as George W. Bush 's IRS commissioner . A dank , stygian gloom overhangs their campaign , however ; they do n't even mention the Lord in their site 's “ Letter to America. ” They have thereby doomed themselves among the faith-deranged . They get next to no press .
And what of the ( so far ) sole Democratic contender for the White House ? Hillary Clinton has announced , of course , by Twitter and a video , the first part of which was so bland I kept waiting for the tiny clickable SKIP THIS AD box to appear in the lower right-hand corner of the screen . The diversity of characters their clip features bodes well , though , for the faith-averse ; they could not get away with ranting about the Bible unless they wanted to alienate such folk .
Yet Hillary does believe . Not only that , they claim to have grown up in a family elbow-to-elbow with none other than the Almighty : “ We talked with God , ate , studied , and argued with God . ”
Advertisement :
Reporters , to verify their truthfulness , might ask them to be more specific : what type of cuisine did God prefer ? Did God use Cliff Notes while hitting the books with you ? How was God in a debate ? Did he , being God , simply smite with thunderbolts those they disagreed with ? If they reply that they did n't mean to be taken so literally , then what exactly constituted evidence of the Almighty 's presence in their home ? Did they actually hear a voice respond as they prayed ? Did they have visions ? If so , did they consult a psychiatrist ? Which was more likely – that they were rooming with God or that they were suffering some sort of protracted , especially vivid mental disturbance ? There are meds for that .
The virtual corollary to Hillary 's belief : their “ Faith Voters for Hillary ” website , which axiomatically tells us their “ faith is deeply personal and real. ” Sadly , we have no evidence to the contrary .
Hillary aside , with the ex-pastor Mike Huckabee and the Roman Catholic Jeb Bush ( both inclined to wear their faith on their sleeve ) , rationalists can contemplate a depressing , even infuriating , 19-month run-up to the election . Reporters should do their job and not allow any of these potential commanders-in-chief to get away with God talk without making them answer for it , as impolite as that might be . Religious convictions deserve the same scrutiny any other convictions get , or more . After all , they are essentially wide-ranging assertions about the nature of reality and supernatural phenomena . As always , the burden of proof lies on the one making extraordinary claims . And if the man or woman carrying the nuclear briefcase happens to be eagerly desiring the End of Days , we need to know .
Advertisement :
Here are some questions journalists might ask the candidates . They might begin with a preamble , though . As a Christian , you believe the Bible is , as 2 Timothy 3:16-17 proclaims , the word of God , “ profitable for doctrine , for reproof , for correction , for instruction in righteousness. ” You accept the New Testament , of course , which includes Matthew 5:18 's pronouncement that every last bit of the Bible shall be implemented , including the Old Testament , which enjoins the death penalty for all manner of often minor infractions and approves of behavior that , to put it kindly , is no longer acceptable ( at least outside ISIS-occupied territory ) .
So , if you accept the Bible in its totality , do you think sex workers should be burned alive ( Leviticus 21:9 ) or that gays should be put to death ( Leviticus 20:13 ) ? Should women submit to their husbands , per Colossians 3:18 ? Should women also , as commands 1 Timothy 2:11 , study “ in silence with full submission ? ” Would you adhere to Deuteronomy 20:10-14 and ask Congress to pass a law punishing rapists by fining them 50 shekels and making them marry their victims and forbidding them to divorce forever ? Given that the Bible ordains genocide ( as in 1 Samuel 15:3 : ) , will you work for the release of Athanase Seromba , the Catholic priest imprisoned for their role in the mass Rwandan slaughter of 1994 ? Will you call on Congress to repeal the Thirteenth Amendment and reinstate slavery , since the Bible , in 1 Peter 2:18 , de facto sanctions the horrific practice and demands that slaves submit to their “ masters with all respect , not only to the good and gentle but also to the cruel ? ” Please clarify .
Ted Cruz , will you denounce your father for calling atheists , groundlessly , sexual abusers and perverts ?
Marco Rubio , please explain how your membership in the fanatical homophobic cult of Christ Fellowship has influenced you ? How much demonology do you believe ? Has the Fellowship conducted any exorcisms lately ? If so , have you taken part ? Has the “ the power of Christ ” ever “ compelled you ? ” If yes , please elaborate .
Advertisement :
If any of the candidates have boned up on their Reza Aslan and laugh off your questions , telling you they do n't take the Bible literally , you might ask what scriptural authority they can cite that permits them to disavow some parts of their holy book but accept others . Answer : there is none .
And you , Mark Everson , if you are indeed an atheist , will you come out of the closet about it ? Will you utter that vilest of stock phrases “ God bless America ! ” to close speeches , thereby lending undue credence to the nonsense notion that an invisible tyrant rules us from on high ?
Atheists can dream . They can dream of a candidate ( and future president ) who will , one day , say “ I do not believe in God . I do not believe in a hereafter . I believe we have one life on our precious planet , which floats amid a cosmic void of unfathomable dimensions governed by the unyielding laws of physics . I will follow reason and promote consensus-based policies that will do the greatest amount of good for the greatest number of people . I will work to build up Jefferson 's wall of separation between church and state . Secularism and reason offer us the only way out of our dilemmas . We have to grow up and realize that , barring interference from forces of nature beyond our control , everything we humans achieve , or fail to achieve , depends on us . There is no hope , save in ourselves . ”
We need a president who will acknowledge that . And we should settle for nothing less .
Dear New Patient with Inflammatory Bowel Disease Diagnosis…
If you are reading this , that means you are probably scouring the internet for every piece of information you can about your disease . You 've probably been researching natural remedies or reading about miracle cures and diets . You 've been reading up on the various treatment options ( some of which sound really scary ) . Some of you decided to research the function of a colon–you knew it was a part of digestion , but you did n't know just how important this organ is . Many of you have found success stories where people are living happy lives , but I 'd be willing to bet that most of you are Googling IBD only to find worse case scenarios . Before you Google anything else about IBD , I ask for just a few moments of your time .
Chronic Illness Can Be Overwhelming & Scary
Being diagnosed with a chronic , invisible illness can be overwhelming and scary . For some of you , you may be thinking , “ Oh , I 'll be fine . I 'll just take my meds and move on with my life. ” Maybe some of you have family members or friends with chronic diseases . Some people are ok . Some people with IBD do not even have to take medication–which is really awesome and a worthy pursuit if you can get away with it ( my Mom has ! ) . Who wants to be on meds forever , right ? ! Unfortunately , others will have to take some really harsh medicines in order to get their disease under control and in remission . Then there 's always the possibility of surgery .
I 'm here to tell you that no two IBD journeys are the same . What works for you may not work for another . What happens to another person , may not happen to you . These horror stories you read are not guaranteed , and on the same token , success stories are not always the dream you 'd hope they 'd be . I know because I 've been there… with both good and bad situations .
Pain Does n't Last Forever
You will have some really bad and scary days ahead . Days where you 'll wonder if you 'll ever make it through the night as you lie on the bathroom floor crying and in pain unable to keep anything down ( or up as in the case of IBD ) . On these days , allow yourself to mourn your former life . Allow yourself to cry and be vulnerable . Remember , pain does n't last forever and you are n't Superman .
This new diagnosis will change your life forever . Something else that is important to remember is that YOU ARE NOT YOUR DISEASE , you have a disease . Big difference . I would encourage you to use this difficult time to change you for the better instead of letting it take over and make you bitter . A positive attitude ( though difficult in times like these ) makes a huge difference .
You Will Have Good Days
You will also have really good days where you feel like you 're finally getting somewhere in the management and treatment of your disease . On those days , celebrate . Make the most of those moments and be thankful .
There will be people out there who wo n't understand your struggle . There will be people who will not realize just how sick you are and may even get upset if you have to skip out on activities and outings . On the outside , you will look fine , normal , healthy . But on the inside , what people wo n't see , are your bleeding , burning , screaming intestines and achy joints . REST WHEN YOU NEED TO . Do n't be stubborn , you 'll regret it in the end .
Support is Key
Something you may not realize now is how desperately you are going to need support . Someone who has been there . Someone who will listen to you and not only sympathize , but also empathize with you . The most comforting words I 've heard over the course of my disease are “ ME TOO ! ” Know that you are not alone . There are so many people out there who are ready to be there for you during your darkest hours . People who are battling with you . They get it . They 've been there , done that .
If there 's one thing I learned about chronic illness , it is this : you will discover who your true friends are . You will discover that in times like this , you will bond with people in ways you never knew existed . There are some friends who are only fair-weather friends . Unfortunately some will never understand , and you will probably never make them “ get it. ” Accept this and move on . Life is too short to worry about what other people think or do .
Please see this link for more information on how you can get therapy online with BetterHelp : https : //www.betterhelp.com/
This is YOUR Battle
Also remember that this is YOUR battle . Even if someone shares your disease , you may not share the same view on how your disease should be managed and treatment . Do what 's best for you ( and make sure you keep your doctor in the loop ) .
Get a good doctor . Get a second opinion . This is your health and you have to be willing to be kind but firm and take control of your healthcare . Do n't let any doctors , nurses or friends pressure you into a treatment you are not comfortable with . It 's ok to disagree with your doctor sometimes . Find a good doctor who understands your disease and one who is truly willing to listen to you and your concerns . This does n't just apply to the specialist , but it also applies to your general physician .
Laughter
In general , chronic illness is not something to take lightly and really , not that funny . There is a big difference , though , between having someone laugh at you , and having someone laugh with you . At first , you will feel awkward , embarrassed and even ashamed of discussing the realities of your diseases . However , sometimes it is vital that you find humor in your situation . The reality is , many topics considered taboo will become everyday conversation . This was something very difficult for me to accept , but eventually I did and I am much better for it .
There is a lot of good information out there to help you get a better understanding of Crohn 's & UC . Do your research , but remember everyone and their mother can write whatever they want to on the internet no matter how inaccurate . Watch out for those miracle cures . Diet varies from patient to patient , so please be cautious when trying something new . There are some who have had great success with diet change , but there are also those who will try to sell you “ snake oil. ” Take everything you read with a grain of salt and use your best judgment .
You Are Stronger Than You Think
You are stronger than you think . No really , you are . Some days you wo n't be able to get out of bed . You will want to give up . Do n't you dare . Your bad days ( weeks , months , or even years ) do n't mean you have a bad life . Again , this is why support is SO VERY IMPORTANT .
As I 'm writing these words , I 'm gearing up for my first ever Take Steps walk in Baton Rouge . If you had asked me when I was first diagnosed if I would ever be advocating or fundraising for Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn 's Disease , I would have told you no . But now , having lived with this disease for four and a half years , I would tell you that raising awareness , offering support , encouraging others and helping them to laugh is one of my greatest passions . Now I ca n't imagine my life without my disease . Keep fighting my friends !
Sincerely ,
Amber
( aka Colitis Ninja )
Introduction
Notebooks are getting more powerful by the day and manufacturers are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that premium notebooks perform as close as possible to their desktop counterparts . However , unlike desktops , notebooks have limitations on how much power can be crammed into a portable chassis while also considering other factors like mobility , thickness , etc . Due to the limited space for heat dissipation , there is a cap on performance of individual components , primarily the CPU and GPU . To ensure these components exude maximum performance while still keeping temperatures in check , OEMs come up with various measures to meet a certain performance threshold even under heavy load . They achieve this by means of a combination of hardware sensors and software algorithms that constantly monitor system load and change the power inputs accordingly . The Dell XPS 13 , XPS 15 , and XPS 13 2-in-1 have special sensors built-in that gather real-time temperature info from strategic locations in the notebook . Here , we discuss how Dell achieves performance compliance under load by implementing Dynamic Power Mode in their premium XPS lineup .
Why enforcing power limits is essential
Power is required to drive all electronic components in the notebook . CPUs and GPUs are silicon-based and operate by means of a clock frequency , i.e . the number of instructions that can be executed per second . The clock frequency at which an electronic component such as the CPU , operates is determined by a lot of factors , but the most notable of them is the power input . The higher the power consumed , the higher the clocks , and consequently , the faster the computer . High power consumption also means high heat production .
CPUs that are power-efficient operate within the specified thermal limits and , therefore , consume a lesser quantity of power . If these CPUs were to be pushed for more performance , there needs to be a mechanism to dissipate the excess heat produced . One way of doing it is to implement a heatsink , which can absorb and dissipate excess heat away from the CPU . Sometimes , due to design constraints , it is not possible to design huge heatsinks — but it is still essential to keep the CPU performing at its peak . Under such conditions , enforcing a low power limit will ensure that the heat dissipated is within the required range .
Generally , CPUs and GPUs are rated for a certain power limit value called the thermal design point ( TDP ) . The chip manufacturer guarantees that the chips will operate at designated frequencies within the limits of the specified TDP value ( provided adequate cooling is ensured ) so that the chip does not cross something called the thermal junction temperature or T j Max . Operating within the specified values is adequate for nominal performance , but notebook OEMs constantly look towards extracting the maximum possible performance from the silicon while still innovating on slimming down the overall dimensions of the notebook . Even if the heatsink is large , there occurs a point beyond which the effectiveness of the heatsink in slowing temperature increase , falls . This point is called the `` thermal soak '' , which is a saturation point for the heatsink . The thermal soak should be reduced by removing the soaked up heat by means of a fan . During this process of heat absorption and dissipation by the heatsink , there will be periods of high power draw for high performance and periods of low power draw for low performance .
The periods of high power draw can not be sustained long enough as it will lead to increase in temperatures beyond the specified thermal limits and will consequently soak the heatsink for a longer time . The hotter a chip gets , the less efficient it is with power . To deliver maximum performance in this short window , CPUs and GPUs boost the clocks to perform an intensive activity and return back to nominal or idle state as soon as the activity is completed . This allows the chips to cool and gives the heatsink-fan combo enough time to dissipate the soaked up heat .
How Dell 's Dynamic Power Mode helps
As discussed earlier , notebooks have a size constraint . They need to be as thin as possible while still being able to perform at their peak . As each notebook generation gets thinner than the previous , the vicinity of the operating surface gets very close to the heatsink-CPU assembly . Due to the absorptive nature of the heatsink , this area can be extremely hot and make working with the notebook a huge safety concern . Although chip manufacturers set thermal limits and guarantee optimal performance within these limits , in the interest of operational safety , CPUs , GPUs , and any other high performance components must not be allowed to reach these thresholds .
Each notebook has its own design and has to be individually optimized for maximum performance while remaining within the skin temperature limits . Instead of just setting functions based on worst-case thermal limits , power limits to electronic components can be dynamically adjusted based on temperature feedback from thermal sensors placed at specific locations in the system . Correlation between skin temperature readings , power draw , operating frequency , device temperature , and other factors are established that enable the Dell Dynamic Power Mode to predict the surface temperature . This results in a matrix of power limits and thermal rules that are applied in real-time to adjust power limits to various components . This is implemented via a combination of Embedded Controller ( EC ) connected to each component and OS-based controls . The Intel Dynamic Platform Thermal Framework ( DPTF ) provides a software framework for Dell 's power policies .
The Dynamic Power Mode Policy can therefore , adapt to the notebook 's usage . If the system is docked , the policy can set a higher temperature limit . Similarly , if the system is hand-held or worn , the policy can set a lower limit in real-time . Thus , maximum performance within the dynamically adjusted power limit can be provided .
Dell offers the following explanation with respect to how power is dynamically adjusted —
WASHINGTON -- GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney repeatedly dodged questions about medical marijuana , refusing to engage activists who took to the campaign trail in New Hampshire to press them on the issue .
Asked by a member of Students for Sensible Drug Policy about their views on the drug war , Romney demurred , referring their questioner to their website .
`` It 's a long ... it 's a long question , '' Romney said at a rally in Bedrock on Jan 9 . `` It deserves a full answer , and not just in a photo line like this . ''
But neither the drug war nor drug policy is addressed on their website , mittromney.com .
At a town hall Laconia on Jan. 6 , Romney was similarly evasive when asked whether they support arresting medical marijuana patients .
`` I 'm in favor of having the law not allow illegal marijuana , '' they said .
Romney has stated their opposition to medical cannabis in the past . During the 2008 presidential campaign , they said , `` I do n't want marijuana to be used in our country . I 'm not going to legalize marijuana . '' He 's offered no in-depth discussions of the issue recently .
Marijuana policy does n't appear to be an issue Romney follows closely . Asked at a recent town hall in Petersborough for their view on industrializing hemp , the former Massachusetts governor answered , `` I have no idea what industrialized hemp is . ''
Advocates said they hope there 's a teaching moment to be had .
MLP and its characters belong to Hasbro . If you translate or repost , please do it outside of DeviantArt .
If the show writers had guts to tell us directly the Apple parents are dead , then that comic would never happen . It was mostly inspired by some comments I 've read that claimed that we do n't know where they are but they are n't necessarily dead - they might just be somewhere else . Yeah , seems legit , right ? So , where could they be that no one even mentioned them until now ... not even at the Family Reunion ? Prison seems like the most obvious and logical choice . But there are even worse possibilities out there ... Many , many thanks to Middy for their help ! - if you want to know what happened to Scootaloo 's parents And this comicmight tell you a bit more about Sweetie 's parents.If you like my works , consider sponsoring me via Patreon . Every bit counts !
Boston Globe
Political Notebook
March 20 , 2009
On their very full plate , immigration was one issue that President Obama had yet to take on – until yesterday , when they discussed it with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus .
[ efoods ] At a town hall meeting in southern California yesterday , Obama renewed their support for comprehensive reform , including a possible path to citizenship for law-abiding people who entered the country illegally , along the lines of the bill that stalled in Congress in 2007 .
According to the White House account of yesterday 's one-hour closed session , it was “ a robust and strategic meeting ” in which Obama announced they will go to Mexico next month to meet President Calderón and discuss , among other issues , effective , comprehensive immigration reform .
After the meeting , Representative Luis V. Gutierrez of Illinois , chairperson of the Hispanic caucus 's immigration task force , and advocacy groups said they were hopeful that Obama would address immigration reform this year .
“ Although it is very early in their administration , they understand that for the immigrant community it 's the 11th hour , and there is no time to waste , ” Gutierrez said in a statement .
Read entire article
St. Vincent de Paul and the Tricky Balance Between Frugality and Charity
Repurposing has become a popular term . It does have a certain je ne sais quoi that “ reusing for a different purpose ” or “ wearing a hand me down ” does not . I am currently repurposing a twenty year old barn coat that was once my sister 's . Yes , repurposing certainly has a more chic sound . And that is a definite plus , as anything that encourages sharing and frugality deserves to be encouraged . Why do I bring this up today ? Well , when I think of chic repurposing , I think of my favorite chic store – the St. Vincent de Paul Thrift Store – and the saint whose name it bears , St. Vincent de Paul .
Born in the late sixteenth century into a French farm family of very limited means , Vincent was an exceptionally bright student . They were able to further their education by working as a tutor . By the age of twenty-four they had been ordained a priest and within four years had a doctorate of theology . It was not long after the receiving this degree that Vincent 's life was upended while on a short sea trip . The ship on which they were sailing was overtaken by pirates . Those who survived the initial attack were held captive and taken to Africa to be sold into slavery . Sold once , then sold again to a kind hearted Muslim , Vincent prayed for their faith to remain strong as the owner who had grown fond of them tried to convert him . When this owner died , Vincent was sold to a man who had once been Christian . It was one of this owner 's Muslim wives who , touched by Vincent 's strong faith , convinced their husband to return to France and repent . It was then that Vincent , too , made their return to France .
It was not until Vincent was close to fifty years old that they became director of a religious house . Given the priory of St. Lazare , the Fathers of the Mission came to be known as Vincentians . The lay and clergy members of the order took four vows of poverty , chastity , obedience and stability . Within Vincent 's lifetime , they saw twenty five communities of this order , now spread throughout the world , established in Europe .
Not satisfied that they were doing enough for the suffering , though the Fathers of the Mission were given to lives of preaching and charitable works , Vincent formed groups of well to do volunteers , to care for the sick and suffering . With the work of St. Louise de Marillac , these charitable groups evolved to become the Daughters of Charity . Never forgetting their days of slavery , Vincent also raised money to ransom more than one thousand slaves in Africa . Though becoming a man of accomplishment as well as politically influential , Vincent 's heart was always with the poor and suffering . Alleviation of suffering was the driving force in their life , all the way until their death in 1660 .
But where do those thrift stores of which I am so fond come in ? The Society of St. Vincent de Paul , named for the saint who had been canonized in 1737 , was founded in Paris in 1833 by Blessed Frédéric Ozanam . It did not take long for the Society to spread beyond Paris , quickly moving throughout the world . In less than two decades the Society was established in the United States . There is more to the St. Vincent de Paul Society than simply being the purveyors of chic repurposed items . The money raised through their thrift stores helps the Society to minister to the needs of millions of poor and suffering individuals throughout the world . The opportunity for frugal shopping is just a tiny bit of the service rendered by this group for whom St. Vincent is patron .
Frugality and charity are tied together . As a parent I have known the stresses that come with running a home , clothing the children and facing the strains on the budget while also remembering the obligation to charity . This is where a parent can take the opportunity for repurposing – beyond the family hand me downs – and consider a bit of thrift store shopping . And trips to the thrift store need not be limited to shopping . After a recent move to a smaller home , I find myself at the other end of the thrift store , dropping off many items no longer needed to be repurposed for charity . Here we find more than “ one man 's trash is another man 's treasure. ” I am extremely pleased to give away the furniture , lamps , tchotchkes , clothes , and books that no longer fit in my house knowing that they could not only be a blessing to someone else but also help to generate income for the Society . I can only hope that I do n't accidentally buy back some of my stuff .
The balancing of frugality and charity is something that needs to be modeled in every Christian family . Frugality for its own sake makes one stingy and can lead to a lack of charity . But husbanding one 's resources with care and living in simplicity allows us to share these resources more fully with others . May we always keep the poor and suffering in our minds and in our prayers . And as we Christians strive to share more in charity and live more simply , the words of St. Vincent de Paul to the members of their order are something we can all take to heart in the Domestic Church , “ our highest ambition is to instruct the ignorant , to bring sinners to a spirit of penitence , and to plant the Gospel spirit of charity , humility , and simplicity in the hearts of all Christians . ''
Your browser does not support iframes .
Bill O'Brien talked about why they wanted Ryan Fitzpatrick here in Houston . They even call them a `` perfect fit '' for this specific system .
Kick and punt returning duties are up for grabs . Keshawn Martin is the incumbent but he 's fighting off Mike Thomas , Alan Bonner and others . Whoever wins the job , O'Brien wants to trust their decision-making .
Many of the same candidates for returning kicks are the same for the slot wide receiver position . Again , Thomas and Bonner are competing with Martin for the role . Thomas is thought to have the leg-up thanks to their experience in the league .
Kareem Jackson is being used quite a bit as the slot corner . O'Brien also mentioned Elbert Mack and A.J . Bouye as candidate for that role . WHERE IS BRANDON HARRIS ? Deepi Siddhu wrote more about Jackson 's work in the slot.Houston Texans schedule
Even though Fitzpatrick will probably be the starter come Week 1 , O'Brien seems to stress that the competition is wide open , and it 's been noted that he 's never distinguished one candidate over the other .
The Chron 's Brian Smith had a series of tweets on Fitzpatrick courtesy of NFL Films guru Greg Cossel :
# NFL Films guru Greg Cossel believes # Texans ' Ryan Fitzpatrick could be one of league 's surprise QBs this season . — Brian T. Smith ( @ ChronBrianSmith ) June 6 , 2014
Greg Cossel said Ryan Fitzpatrick has potential to excel with Bill O'Brien , George Godsey in a smart offense that establishes `` gray areas . '' — Brian T. Smith ( @ ChronBrianSmith ) June 6 , 2014
If # Texans define what Fitzpatrick is\is n't allowed to do , turnovers will be limited and new system will play to Fitzpatrick 's strengths . — Brian T. Smith ( @ ChronBrianSmith ) June 6 , 2014
Cossel said Bill O'Brien is `` one of the best in the business '' and could be a perfect fit for Fitzpatrick at this point in QB 's career . — Brian T. Smith ( @ ChronBrianSmith ) June 6 , 2014
Cosell on Fitz : `` We 're not talking about a top-five starter . ... But O'Brien sees a guy they can mold with how they structure their offense . '' — Brian T. Smith ( @ ChronBrianSmith ) June 6 , 2014
Another reason # Texans are currently banking on Ryan Fitzpatrick : They had previous working relationships with seven of team 's coaches . # NFL — Brian T. Smith ( @ ChronBrianSmith ) June 7 , 2014
Smith also wrote about how Garrett Graham , Ryan Griffin and rookie C.J . Fiedorowicz could immediately excel under O'Brien .
As soon as O'Brien exchanged Penn State for their first NFL head coaching job , predictions arose that the revamped Texans would attempt to double up on their tight-end production . The initial two weeks of organized team activities did n't dispute the theory . Garrett Graham , Ryan Griffin and rookie C.J . Fiedorowicz , among others , are expected to become safe harbors for the team 's to-be-determined Week 1 starting quarterback , with quarterbacks coach George Godsey and O'Brien blending multiple athletes into one critical offensive weapon .
I wrote about O'Brien 's previous trio of tight ends over at Penn State after Graham was re-signed . I thought at the time that O'Brien would opt to keep Owen Daniels to help recreate that trio . Instead , Daniels was released and Fiedorowicz was drafted in the third round . Not too shabby .
OTAs will be starting up again this week and we 'll keep you posted on the happenings as they come in . Happy Saturday .
Twelve years ago , when I was head of the Commission for Racial Equality , I argued that the fate we were predicting for many young , working-class black males — to become the very definition of failure ; under-educated and unemployed — could engulf other groups too .
And I pointed to the rapidly emerging problem of poor white boys doing badly at school .
A change in the way government collected education statistics — distinguishing between various ethnic groups — had highlighted the differences in academic attainment .
White working-class pupils are falling behind their ethnic minority counterparts throughout their education , an official audit shows ( file photo )
Children from Asian and Chinese backgrounds were forging ahead , while those from disadvantaged African-Caribbean and white families — especially the boys — were struggling .
Victims
The response back then was a distinct lack of interest in their plight . Blacks were good victims ; nobody cared much about the so-called white underclass , those who came to be demonised as ‘ chavs ' .
Yesterday , we learned the depressing result of the unwillingness to address that issue . The Government 's welcome flood of data from the Race Disparity Audit confirms the dismal performance of less well-off white boys .
When it comes to education and employment they — along with the African-Caribbean , gipsy and traveller boys who have carpeted society 's ground floor for decades — are taking a hell of a beating .
The data , which covers 130 areas of life across health , education , employment and criminal justice is rich in detail . It confirms what we have long known : while some groups have thrived in Britain , some have failed to progress and remain at serious disadvantage .
However , the data on the indigenous , white working-class youth is devastating .
On the basis of these statistics , there seems every chance that while the Sikh teenager will one day turn into a highly skilled doctor , the grime-music obsessed African sixth-former will become a pin-striped lawyer , and that mathematics-nut Chinese GCSE student will end up a tech entrepreneur , the best that your average working-class white boy can hope for is a part-time job in an Amazon warehouse .
Hats off to Theresa May for commissioning the Cabinet Office to embark on the racial audit database , the first of its kind in the world
Well , hats off to Theresa May for holding to their promise to lift the lid on this festering sore by commissioning the Cabinet Office to embark on the racial audit database , the first of its kind in the world .
Based on my own experience , the Prime Minister will have had little encouragement from fellow MPs and many in the senior Civil Service , for whom the evidence should serve only to reinforce their prejudices .
In liberal minds every black person is a victim and every white person an oppressor . This new data shatters those prejudices . And yet the evidence has been telling us this for years .
A 2015 study by the Institute for Fiscal Studies reported that just under a third — 32.6 per cent — of those who class themselves as ‘ white British ' go to university . The problem is gender-skewed — with just 29 per cent of white boys making it to tertiary education .
Black Caribbean youngsters have a 37.4 per cent chance of higher education , compared to just 29 per cent of white boys ( file photo )
By contrast , Black Caribbean youngsters have a 37.4 per cent chance of higher education , Pakistani pupils a 44.7 per cent chance , and the figure for Bangladeshis is 48.8 per cent .
Indian youngsters have more than double the chance of going to university ( 67.4 per cent ) than white Britons , while more than three-quarters ( 75.7 per cent ) of Chinese pupils make it .
Given that a degree can add between £170-250,000 to the average career earnings of the British worker , the future looks increasingly grim for the group that once upon a time always seemed to end up on top : white males .
Legislation that outlawed discrimination in the workplace has made it worthwhile for women and minorities to aspire to top jobs and careers , while the rise of knowledge-based service industries , and new technology has eroded men 's physical advantage .
The equality warrior in me says that this is exactly the moment when , in a just society , someone should be speaking up for them .
Admittedly it 's hard to have sympathy for those who did n't display much compassion for others when they were on top . But we should be — we are — better than that .
Success
The enemy was never white men ; it was injustice and unfairness . And this is not an insoluble problem , if we can bring ourselves to face some uncomfortable realities .
Certainly , there 's little evidence that gender makes you smarter — among Chinese and Asian students the gap between girls ' and boys ' performance is greatly diminished .
Likewise , the success of black African boys compared with their under-performing African-Caribbean cousins proves that genetics play little part in this problem .
In truth , we know that much of the disadvantage for those left behind in the global competition is cultural , related to habit and behaviour . It 's not a coincidence that the most successful ethnic groups — the Chinese and some South Asians , who have strong family structures — do more homework than whites .
If Theresa May is looking for a legacy by which they will be remembered , this audit surely has to be their most significant achievement so far , writes Trevor Phillips
Nor should it come as a surprise that the least educationally successful households in the U.S. — African-Americans — watch almost two hours more television a week on average than the rest of the U.S. population . I suspect the figures would be similar here .
We can fix all this . It just needs leadership . But , as I have found over the years , it is n't easy to get it on the agenda .
For a start there 's a problem with teachers , some of whom seem to want disadvantage to be blamed solely on lack of resources and government investment .
Challenge
For their part , too many politicians want it to be all about social class . They flaunt their liberal credentials by insisting that the poor will always under-perform unless given much more aid . Those high-flying Chinese and Indian pupils confound that view .
Two years ago , the Chief Inspector of Schools , Sir Michael Wilshaw , acknowledged this challenge of the ‘ lost boys ' of the white working class left behind .
They called for better schools and school leaders — and for teachers to get tough with ‘ feckless ' parents . They received just as lukewarm a hearing as I did all those years ago .
Oddly enough , the white men who currently dominate the Labour Party would probably cut off their right arms before they acknowledged that the Race Disparity Audit has uncovered a serious race-related problem — because the ‘ victims ' are white .
If Labour had not been so totally captured by its sub-Marxist militant fringe , this should surely have been a major cause for the Left .
It may be ironic that it has taken a Tory Prime Minister , whose days , according to some , are numbered , to summon up the courage to tackle the single most important challenge facing young white men in our society .
If Theresa May is looking for a legacy by which they will be remembered , this audit surely has to be their most significant achievement so far .
Byron Nelson High School junior Kyler Robertson was cleared to return to classes Thursday , their mother said , two days after they were suspended because they were believed to be under the influence of marijuana .
Robertson , 16 , was grieving their father 's death when they went to school Tuesday . They had bloodshot , watery eyes , and school officials said they smelled of marijuana , according to Cristy Fritz , their mother . After being checked by a school nurse , they were suspended and told that they would have to enter an alternative education program .
But a drug test performed later that day showed no evidence of marijuana or any other drug , according to records provided to the Star-Telegram .
After learning of the negative test results Wednesday , Northwest school district officials told Fritz that Robertson would no longer have to attend the alternative school .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
But Fritz said they also want the district to remove the suspension from their records and apologize for its `` lack of compassion '' in handling the situation . They were told they must file a complaint to get the records changed .
`` We basically put our life and grieving on hold so we could follow the appeals process and not lose that opportunity , '' Fritz said Thursday . `` At this point , my question to them was , 'What was they suspended for ? ' ''
Robertson , who plays on the junior varsity golf team , did not return to school Thursday because their family is preparing for their father 's funeral . Richard `` Richie '' Robertson was fatally stabbed Sunday during an argument .
District spokesperson Lesley Weaver said they could not discuss specifics about the case , citing federal privacy laws .
They did say , however , that the district has offered support and counseling to Robertson .
`` We 're very sorry for the family 's loss and we want to provide whatever resources they need to get through this , '' Weaver said .
Northwest school board President Mark Schluter declined to comment because of the possibility of litigation .
Jessamy Brown , 817-390-7326
President Trump Proposes Contest to Determine Which Network Is Most Dishonest and Corrupt
President Donald Trump continued to hit the # FakeNews media on Thanksgiving Day weekend .
The Republican president trashed CNN on Saturday .
. @ FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN , but outside of the U.S. , CNN International is still a major source of ( Fake ) news , and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly . The outside world does not see the truth from them ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 25 , 2017
President Trump : [ email protected ] is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN , but outside of the U.S. , CNN International is still a major source of ( Fake ) news , and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly . The outside world does not see the truth from them !
Of course , liberals blew a gasket over the president 's latest attack on the anti-Trump network CNN .
General Michael Hayden was outraged :
This man—who 's gone all emo over a Trump tweet bashing the adversarial TV network CNN—was the Director of National Intelligence . What a perfect example of a fey , useless , decadent overclass . pic.twitter.com/hRwX4HtzsK — David Reaboi ( @ davereaboi ) November 27 , 2017
According to liberals only the DNC mainstream media is allowed to hurl attacks on Trump but it was “ unconstitutional ” for Trump to call out their BS and bias .
But President Trump was n't through .
On Monday morning President Trump proposed a contest to find out which network spewed out the most fake news .
This ought to preoccupy the liberals for another two days or so .
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks , plus CNN and not including Fox , is the most dishonest , corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President ( me ) . They are all bad . Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 27 , 2017
President Trump : We should have a contest as to which of the Networks , plus CNN and not including Fox , is the most dishonest , corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President ( me ) . They are all bad . Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY !
Hah ! Watch liberal heads explode over this tweet !
Stephen Amell
Can Arrow 's consummate hero have it all ?
The third season of The CW series will dare to answer that question when Oliver Queen ( Stephen Amell ) attempts to have their cake and eat it too — in this case , that means being a superhero that the residents of Starling City actually respect while also trying to have a personal life . It 's harder than it sounds — something that Ollie will learn fairly quickly into the season .
Exclusive : Arrow taps Peter Stormare as new Count Vertigo
But Oliver 's love life wo n't be the only thing that 's complicated this season , especially since two of their ladies will actually be getting love interests of their own ! TVGuide.com tracked down executive producer Andrew Kreisberg to get the scoop on the new season , including a surprising return from the dead , the future for Team Arrow and new villains ahead :
Will there be a time jump when the show returns ?
Andrew Kreisberg : We 're going to jump the same amount of time that we did last year . It 'll be real time . It 'll be seven or eight months later . For Oliver , things are good . As we like to say , everything is coming up Arrow . Crime is down . At the end of last year , there was victory . A lot of this season is about what happens when you win and how winning is n't always as easy as it looks .
What does it mean to Oliver now that the city actually accepts him ?
Kreisberg : In the premiere , Lance ( Paul Blackthorne ) actually disbands the anti-vigilante task force in their new role as Captain . The Arrow is free to do their thing and it 's different for Oliver . They spent the first two years being hunted and distrusted . Now , he 's starting to feel like they have this under control . And then , of course , as Joss Whedon taught us all , you let your characters have a moment of happiness and then you take it all away from them .
You seemed to be setting the stage for Ra 's al Ghul to be the villain in Season 3 . Are they actually the villain ? Can you say anything about the new villain ?
Kreisberg : It 's big . I can say that he 's big and he 's bad . We 're still figuring that stuff out . As far as the Big Bad , there will be a Big Bad . Even last year , everybody was a subset of Slade 's ( Manu Bennett ) . Slade was the Big Bad . We will meet other villains along the way , as always . We 'll have recurring villains and new villains we 're starting with this year and people who are coming back from the previous two seasons .
Brandon Routh joins Arrow in a super role
Felicity ( Emily Bett Rickards ) and Oliver are going on a date in the season premiere . How do you avoid the TV trope that a hero ca n't be with the woman they love just because of theirs duty ?
Kreisberg : When you see the premiere and you see how things shake out , you 'll come to a very sympathetic understanding of both of their positions . The premiere last year was a microcosm of what was happening for the whole year . In the same way that the premiere of last season was really about Oliver struggling with whether or not they should be the Arrow , in this season premiere it 's , `` Can I have everything I want ? '' That quest is going to take up their entire year , and hers .
How much of a foil will Ray Palmer ( Brandon Routh ) , Felicity 's new rumored love interest and head of Queen Consolidated , be to Oliver ?
Kreisberg : A big foil . It 's Season 3 , and Season 3 is typically when you add that game-changing character like Buffy did in adding Faith or Everwood did with adding Scott Wolf . First of all , getting Brandon — they could n't be nicer , they could n't be sweeter . It 's just such a different energy that he 's bringing to the show . A lot of what 's funny about Felicity and Oliver is that he 's so straight and she 's the funny one . With Brandon , you get somebody who 's as tall , square-jawed and handsome as they are [ and ] he 's a really funny comedian . They and Felicity can have that verbal repartee that we have n't typically had on the show . As much as the show is getting darker , it 's gotten a lot funnier . It 's just such a different energy . They and Felicity are really cute together .
Talk about Roy 's ( Colton Haynes ) role on Team Arrow and how he 'll feel when they discover they actually killed someone last season .
Kreisberg : In the beginning , Roy is feeling pretty good about themselves too . He 's part of Team Arrow . They think he 's put behind them what happened last season . Like with all of our characters , the past has a terrible way of catching up with them . It 's a new and interesting thing for Oliver to really have a mentee , somebody they are training beside . There 's really lovely stuff in the premiere like , `` You did a good job tonight . '' When we met Roy , they were living practically on the streets and stealing . To see them have this big brother , I do n't think he 's really had anybody believe in him . Obviously Thea ( Willa Holland ) did , but like a male character . You 're happy for Roy in the beginning that he 's really found their place . Of course , then we 're going to shake their world up .
Sara ( Caity Lotz ) passed on their Canary jacket to Laurel ( Katie Cassidy ) . Is that a mantle she 'll take up fairly quickly and what will their relationship with Oliver look like this season ?
Kreisberg : As always with all of these things , you ca n't just put on a mask and go running around . You 'll get killed . Laurel is still just an attorney . She 's an attorney with a jacket . I think Katie Cassidy fans are going to be very , very excited about their trajectory this year . Laurel is going to have a new love interest this season .
Mega Buzz : Will Sara be back on Arrow and will Felicity head to Flash ?
Interesting ! Are you bringing back Colin Donnell from the dead ?
Kreisberg : [ Pauses ] No ...
Wait , I was kidding . What are you talking about ?
Kreisberg : Colin Donnell is coming back in Episode 302 . Tommy will be in the flashback story . We 'll be telling the story about how Tommy and Oliver just missed each other in Hong Kong . It 's a really amazing story and we 're so excited to have Colin Donnell back . It 's one of the advantages of the storytelling that we do that even when you die in the present day , you can still be alive in the flashbacks . It was something that we had talked about last year and then when we committed to doing the Hong Kong story , we knew we could really make it work .
How are the flashbacks different this year ?
Kreisberg : It 's really exciting for us because writing the island was not always easy . One of the things we really learned is that there were a lot of episodes on the island where we could n't get to part of the story yet , so let 's run around in circles . Sometimes we ran around in circles better than other times , but with this season in Hong Kong , we 're able to tell better stories in the past because being in civilization and not being trapped , you 're able to tell a much richer , fuller world . We 've really committed this year to doing a lot more of the personal flashbacks . People , by now , are really able to go , `` OK , well , if these three weeks in a row were in Hong Kong and then this one is a flashback to any one of the other characters , whether it 's Sara , Dig ( David Ramsey ) or Felicity or Laurel , '' then they can go on that journey and come back to the Hong Kong story line without feeling too lost .
How much will Sara play a role in the new season ?
Kreisberg : They play a big role in the new season . We have them booked for three episodes and hopefully for more . We love Caity Lotz . She 's so amazing . Watching the dailies of them in the premiere and seeing them back , it 's always fun to see them As much as their stuntwoman does , Caity really does get out there on their own and it 's fun to watch .
How does Lyla ( Audrey Marie Anderson ) being pregnant change their mindset when they go on missions ?
Kreisberg : A lot . In fact , a lot of the opening episodes are about Diggle 's changing circumstances and how that 's affecting their decisions and how they approach being part of Team Arrow . There 's a lot of conflict between Oliver and Dig about Dig now being a father . There 's also interesting conflict between Dig and Lyla because Lyla is still working at A.R.G.U.S. , which we 've painted as a less than savory organization . That tension between Dig , Lyla and Amanda Waller ( Cynthia Addai-Robinson ) — as big a part that Amanda is playing in the past , she 's playing just as big a part in the present .
Arrow : Who survived the season finale ?
What path is Thea on after leaving town with Malcolm ( John Barrowman ) ?
Kreisberg : We always say that if you 're ever going to become who you are in the comics , you have to go to the island . Oliver literally went to the island . We always said last year was Roy 's trip to the island . This season is about Thea 's trip to their version of the island .
Are you excited for the new season of Arrow ? Stay tuned for more scoop in next week 's Mega Buzz .
Arrow returns for its third season on Wednesday , Oct. 8 at 8/7c on The CW .
( Full disclosure : TVGuide.com is owned by CBS , one of The CW 's parent companies . )
A different approach to JavaScript testing This talk is the missing manual to writing great JavaScript tests . I 'm very excited to share it with you , because I really believe it can change how you approach writing software ; this journey certainly has for me .
This talk , as delivered at DevReach in Sofia , Bulgaria , is the culmination of years of practicing to write beautiful JavaScript tests that provide just the right feedback to prompt me to take actions which dramatically improve the design of my code . As a result of my singular focus , my approach is very different than what you 'd find searching for a tutorial or a README about JavaScript testing , TDD , or unit testing in general .
It would make my day if you 'd watch it with an open mind and thoughtfully consider what about the approach I 've arrived at might prove valuable in your own practice .
Here are the slides , hosted on SpeakerDeck :
Finally , you might have noticed that the slide deck was written in Markdown ( as a wink to the fact that the talk was about advice that you would n't find in a README ) . So , naturally , I 've decided to post the entire talk 's text as a README to Github .
How do other couples manage to get the work done ?
After a pay cut we had to sack our cleaner . Now nothing is being cleaned !
Every week a Guardian Money reader submits a question , and it 's up to you to help them or them out – a selection of the best answers will appear in next Saturday 's paper .
This week 's question
A pay cut means we have had to sack our cleaner to save the £25 a week they cost , but , a month on , nothing 's being cleaned and the house is starting to resemble a squat . We set aside two hours on a Saturday morning but it 's not happening . How do other couples divvy up the cleaning without major rows ?
What do you think ?
Do you have a problem readers could solve ? Email your suggestions to money @ theguardian.com or write to us at Money , The Guardian , Kings Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU
Posted 02 September 2014 - 12:05
I got my hands on a bottle of a new J.Herbin anniversary ink - J.Herbin 1670 Stormy Grey - during my last trip to Paris . Here are some photos of the writing ( with my Lamy 2000 EF nib ) , of an ink syringe splash test and of the packaging . The paper used is Rhodia dot pad and Midori lightweight paper .
The bottle has a dark grey seal and a dark grey cap with a silver rope . The box has a little silver ship on the top ( Rouge Hematite has a star and Bleu Ocean has a seashell ) .
All the gold particles sit on the bottom , so the bottle needs to be shaken quite well before using the ink .
The amount of gold is not as heavy as in Rouge Hematite , so the ink has a very nice gold sheen to it .
The last two photos are from my Instagram ( @ elltbr ) .
Hope you enjoy my little demo of this fabulous ink !
Attached Images
Edited by Ellina , 02 September 2014 - 12:08 .
The short version : Embattled New Jersey governor Chris Christie withdrew their stalled-since-2012 nomination of Republican David F. Bauman to the NJ Supreme Court , and instead submitted Democrat Walter F. Timpone 's name . Senate Democrats have graciously indicated that they will accept this nomination , so that 's that , huh ? More telling is this bit from the Wall Street Journal : “ Mr . Christie signaled Monday that they had wearied of the battle with Senate Democrats . If Mr. Timpone is confirmed , “ it will be a relief for me , ” the governor said. ” So much for fighting things out if it takes all summer .
But do n't cry for Chris Christie – not that I expect that many people reading this are inclined to , anyway – because the man brought it upon himself . They hitched themselves to a candidate who the majority of the party cordially ( or not so cordially ) dislikes ; worse for him , Christie then allowed themselves to be repeatedly humiliated in public by that candidate , apparently solely for humiliation 's sake . When you align yourself with a person who can only feel big when everybody else around them is made to feel small , you have to expect these little bumps in the road .
You also have to expect elevated levels of contempt , too . After all : if you wo n't respect yourself , why should anybody else respect you , either ? Particularly when we 're talking about Democratic politicians , who have turned arrogant contempt into an art form . Those guys are just going to love the rest of Christie 's term , because he 's weak and they know it . More importantly , they know that they know it , too . And so ends what was once a career full of promise…
Moe Lane
PS : I live in Maryland , where we also have a Republican governor running the state and opposed by a Democratic legislature that is n't going anywhere any time soon . And yet , Larry Hogan is not getting pushed around the same way that Christie is . Sure , some of that is due to the fact that Hogan is a popular first-term governor . And part of it is because Hogan does n't pick fights the way that Christie did . But a good bit of it is due to the fact that Hogan also does n't tolerate tomfoolery . I would suggest that Chris Christie follow Larry Hogan 's good example , except that time travel is a myth .
September 14 , 2015
NATO Needs an Emergency Council for Timely Crisis Management By Daniel Bennett and Huseyn Panahov
At the 2014 NATO Summit and as a response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine , the leaders of the Alliance agreed on a Readiness Action Plan ( RAP ) to improve NATO 's ability to deal with immediate security threats . The RAP includes a Very High Readiness Joint Task Force ( VJTF ) of 3,000 - 5,000 troops that can be deployed within 2-7 days . Considering the volatile nature of the current security environment , NATO 's new plan is a timely initiative . However , the RAP leaves open a question about the decision-making mechanism that threatens to undermine its overall efficacy : who authorizes the VJTF to deploy and engage ? In other words , the RAP will enable the Alliance , at the operational level , to rapidly deploy troops in crisis situations , but it lacks the political level decision-making mechanism needed to rapidly initiate the process . Based on current rules and regulations , this decision still rests with the North Atlantic Council ( NAC ) .The NAC is the primary decision-making body of NATO , where high-level representatives of 28 member states hold regular consultations . The NAC holds emergency meetings on occasion , including consultations under Article 4 of the NATO treaty whenever `` the territorial integrity , political independence or security of any of the parties is threatened . '' Reaching a decision in the NAC is a lengthy process , since every decision needs a unanimous consensus of all member states . Subjecting NATO 's high readiness units to the political lethargy of the NAC 's unwieldy 28-member consensus model undermines its ability to deter incursions in the first place and respond rapidly when they do occur.One could argue that tying the VJTF to the NAC may actually create a greater political advantage for aggressors , such as Russia , who deftly calculate their actions to intentionally create discord and paralysis within the NAC . For adversaries planning to use such hybrid strategies , the insertion of one more decision-point requiring NAC debate increases the time between when their incursion takes place and the eventual response , allowing more latitude for aggressors to consolidate gains while NATO debates the appropriate course of action . This encourages further aggression.NATO is aware of this challenge . At the last Defense Ministerial , members collectively recommended that special powers be granted to the Supreme Allied Commander Europe ( SACEUR ) to streamline the decision making process by readying the VJTF without NAC approval . While a step in the right direction , this does not eliminate the proverbial `` chokepoint '' of requiring complete agreement at the NAC for the decision to actually deploy the VJTF.To resolve this problem , NATO members should agree on a mechanism that respects the overall authority of the NAC , while delegating the decision to deploy at least part of the VJTF to an `` Emergency Council '' ( EC ) . The EC should consist of three parties – a representative of the VJTF lead country ( these rotate every year ) , the NATO Secretary General , and NATO military commander , SACEUR . The EC would greatly streamline NATO 's decision making process during times of crisis , so VJTF troops can actually be deployed within hours , instead of days.Considering the magnitude of this responsibility , the EC would need detailed procedural guidelines . The NAC would retain overall control by reviewing the decision of the EC and ultimately deciding if deployment should be recalled . The NAC would also decide the duration of the VJTF 's deployment . The NAC would review the EC decision to deploy as soon as possible after it was made.If we compare the EC to the internal decision-making process of a country , in some NATO members the head of state can deploy troops and initiate a war for limited periods of time . However , long-term military engagements often also require the approval of legislative institutions . The reasoning behind granting such authority to one person is to ensure the state responds to national security threats as quickly as possible.A similar precedent also exists in NATO itself . On January 30 , 1999 , amid a rapidly deteriorating crisis in Kosovo , the NAC empowered Secretary General Javier Solana to authorize airstrikes against targets in Yugoslavian territory at their own discretion if they deemed them necessary to halt the crisis , without the need to further consult the NAC . In March , further authority was granted for the Secretary General to authorize a broader range of air operations in Yugoslavia . These decisions by the NAC were explicitly taken to `` contribute to creating the conditions for a rapid and successful negotiation on an interim political settlement . '' Such a precedent establishes the feasibility of the NAC granting limited deployment decision-making authority to individual alliance leaders specifically to allow for rapid military reaction in time-sensitive situations , whether to expedite a political agreement , halt the ongoing military actions of an opponent , or deter future aggression.In a similar fashion , the EC would allow NATO to become more united and agile in response to contemporary time-sensitive threats . We live at a time when various non-state actors , self-proclaimed states , terrorist organizations , and authoritarian regimes demonstrate undeterred aggression and are ready to exploit any vulnerability to achieve their ambitions . As Russian hybrid tactics demonstrate , this includes vulnerabilities in NATO 's political decision-making structure.Today , NATO remains the largest military alliance in history . However , it 's not only sheer size that matters , but also the agility and speed of forces to respond to rapid changes in the security dynamic . Given the volatile nature of the security environment in Europe , even a one-day delay could come at a high cost . For this reason , NATO should consider developing an Emergency Council that can trigger a defensive deployment when a threat requires an immediate response.Daniel Bennett is Associate Director of the Atlantic Council 's Millennium Leadership Program . Huseyn Panahov is an independent researcher and a member of the editorial board of the Public Policy Institute of Azerbaijan .
New London — An instructor at the Coast Guard Academy planning for their upcoming wedding is $ 1 million richer thanks to the Powerball lottery . The $ 1 million prize is before taxes .
A first-time lottery player , Lt. Andrew Norberg 's `` Quick Pick '' ticket matched the first five numbers drawn Wednesday night .
Norberg , 29 , teaches nautical sciences at the academy .
`` It was at a point so high that I needed to try it , '' Norberg said when reached by phone Thursday night . If it 's ever that high again , they said he 'd probably play again . `` I 'm pretty happy after this . ''
The Powerball numbers for the record-breaking $ 1.6 billion jackpot were 4 – 8 – 19 – 27 – 34 and Powerball 10
`` I 've never played the lottery before so I was n't actually sure that I had won , '' Norberg , a 2008 Coast Guard Academy graduate , said .
Sitting at their desk Thursday , they asked a coworker what the odds were if you matched five of the numbers but not the Powerball number .
So Norberg was pretty shocked when the coworker informed them they were a winner .
Norberg purchased their ticket at Sully 's Mobil at 382 Vauxhall St. in New London .
Store owner Patrick `` P.J . '' Sullivan said their store is fast becoming `` what you would call a very lucky location , '' for lottery games .
An Electric Boat employee snagged a $ 25,000-a-year for life prize last year after playing a Lucky For Life game .
Sully 's sold a $ 4.5 million Connecticut Classic Lotto ticket to a Waterford man in 2012 .
Sullivan said there has been a $ 100,000 and multiple $ 30,000 lottery winners .
Sullivan called the days leading up to Wednesday 's drawing `` total insanity , '' with the number of people buying tickets .
For selling the winning ticket , Sully 's Mobil will receive a $ 2,500 check from the Connecticut Lottery .
Of the 350,629 prize-winning Powerball tickets sold in Connecticut for Wednesday night 's jackpot drawing , three $ 1 million prize wins were sold in Fairfield County , Hartford County and New London County , according to lottery officials .
Norberg is getting married in April and said that some of their winnings will go toward that .
`` Probably a good honeymoon is where it 's going to go , '' they said .
Norberg and their fiancé , who is also in the Coast Guard , are thinking about going on a sailing cruise in the Mediterranean for their honeymoon .
They joked that when they finally reached them by phone , they mentioned the popular idiom , `` What 's yours is mine , and what 's mine is yours . ''
Norberg also plans to put some of the money towards their retirement and will make some donations .
Sullivan said they could n't be happier for Norberg .
`` I think it 's absolutely tremendous , especially being a first time player . Good for him , '' Sullivan said .
j.bergman @ theday.com
Twitter : @ JuliaSBergman
Staff reporter Greg Smith contributed to this report
Authorities have made an arrest in connection with the violent murder of Mildred McKinney , a 73-year-old woman who was slain in their Central Texas home in 1980 .
Steven Alan Thomas , 53 , was arrested Monday and accused of capital murder . The crime has haunted residents of Southwestern Williamson County for nearly 32 years .
When police notified the victim 's family , telling them that DNA testing had finally found a suspect in their loved ones brutal homicide , there were mixed feelings . McKinney 's grandson , Bob Stapleton , said the family is happy that an arrest was finally made but are sad it came a little too late .
`` My family and I are very grateful with this unexpected news -- news which comes bittersweet that it was not realized before the passing of first our father and then our mother over the last year and a half , '' Stapleton , son of McKinney 's daughter , Patricia Stapleton , said in a statement issued through the sheriff 's office .
`` But it does not alter our sincere gratitude to the Williamson County Sheriff 's Office ... Without their resolve , their determination , and their passion for this cold case we may have never known closure to my grandmother 's story . They were a glorious woman who my family and I love and cherish and who will continue to live on in our fondest memories . ''
McKinney 's homicide occurred on Nov. 4 , 1980 , at their Sherbourne Street residence , in what was then an unincorporated area of Williamson County and is now a part of Austin . McKinney 's daughter found their mother on a bedroom floor . According to police , McKinney had been `` beaten , tied , sexually assaulted and strangled to death . ''
In 2010 , Patricia Stapleton , then in their seventies , gave one of their last interviews to KXAN before they died in 2011 . They described how the walls of their mother 's home had been covered in blood and how a table and vacuum cleaner had been stacked on their mother 's body .
`` I started looking around the house and I got to the bedroom and I could see my mother 's legs hanging out from the bathroom , '' Stapleton said . `` She was half in and half out . ''
Police had no immediate suspects , but the case did gain national media attention in the mid-1980s when convicted killer Henry Lee Lucas -- a man considered one of America 's most prolific serial killers -- confessed to killing McKinney . But , DNA evidence later proved Lucas was not responsible for the crime .
There were local rumors and speculation that McKinney 's slaying might be linked to the Aug. 13 , 1986 slaying of 31-year-old Christine Morton in their Round Rock home . The two women lived about 12 miles apart and both had been beaten to death with a blunt object . In 1987 , Morton 's husband , Michael Morton , was convicted of killing them and sentenced to life in prison . They always maintained their innocence and , at 57-years-old , they were released last year after 25 years behind bars . DNA has allegedly linked 58-year-old Mark Norwood to the killing . Norwood is awaiting trial .
The first break in McKinney 's unsolved homicide happened on June 27 , when the Williamson County Sheriff 's Office was contacted by the Texas Department of Public Safety Crime Lab . Officials notified the law enforcement agency that DNA from a federal database had allegedly linked Thomas , formerly of Garland , TX , to McKinney 's murder .
Sheriff 's officials interviewed Thomas twice -- once in Dallas and once at their parents ' home in Austin . According to Sgt . John Foster , Thomas gave a saliva sample , but denied knowing the victim .
`` Thomas stated that they never had sexual intercourse with them and did n't recognize their home . They also denied sexually assaulting and murdering her , '' Foster said .
On July 21 , detectives were notified by the crime lab that Thomas ' saliva sample was allegedly a match to DNA evidence found at the McKinney murder scene . Further analysis had also determined that a latent fingerprint print from the scene of the murder belonged to Thomas , police said .
Authorities are not yet saying why Thomas , a self-employed carpenter , had their DNA in a federal database . According to Foster , investigators are not releasing any more details at this time because they want to `` protect the integrity of the case and future prosecution of Steven Thomas . ''
In case you missed it on Friday , Brooklyn is now the temporary home to a self-described “ Weed Fairy , ” who 's kept busy over the past few days posting inspirational fliers with small amounts of weed attached ( specifically , a strain called “ Kushage ” ) , and tweeting helpful updates as follows :
Also , it 's real . Do n't be afraid to blaze . — The Weed Fairy ( @ TheGardenBreath ) October 18 , 2013
I 'm not Jimmy Kimmel . — The Weed Fairy ( @ TheGardenBreath ) October 18 , 2013
An interview on HuffPost Live indicates the “ weed fairy ” is just a Brooklyn-dwelling woman who 's decided to unload their leftover stash after a rough experience with a weed-laced cupcake , so this 'll probably all be over as abruptly as it began . In the meantime , I suppose , keep an eye out for stray nugs , and maybe consider paying it forward ?
[ Photo ]
Follow Virginia K. Smith on Twitter @ vksmith .
China , India , Mexico and Canada are among the global heavyweights to signal renewed support for climate action ahead of the new US administration 's first week in office
By Ed King
China , India and the EU are among the states and regional groupings to have sent incoming US president a strong message on the need to tackle climate change .
With less than 24 hours until the brash billionaire gets the keys to the White House , and a day after 2016 was officially declared the hottest year on record , fears are rising their cabinet of climate sceptics may carry through on threats to try and ‘ cancel ' the UN 's new climate deal .
At last November 's climate summit in Marrakech 196 countries registered their support for the deal , but that appears to have had little impact on the incoming administration .
Paul Bledsoe , an independent US energy consultant who worked in the Clinton White House , told Climate Home fellow world leaders may be the only voices about to bring Trump to reason on this issue .
“ I think global leaders have to tell Trump what an important issue this has become on the world economic and political stage , ” they said .
“ I do n't think they know that… it 's incumbent on Merkel , May , Xi , Modi to say this is important . Global leaders have to start educating him . ”
China
“ We should adhere to multilateralism , honour promises and abide by rules , one should not select or bend rules as they see fit , ” president Xi Jinping told the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland this week .
On Wednesday at UN headquarters in Geneva they went further : “ The Paris Agreement is a milestone in the history of climate governance . We must ensure this endeavor is not derailed . All parties should work together to implement the Paris Agreement . China will continue to take steps to tackle climate change and fully honor its obligations . ”
India
Nothing direct but prime minister Modi and their energy chief Piyush Goyal have banged the drum for the Paris Agreement and the country 's clean energy goals this week .
First here 's Modi at the launch of the Raisina Dialogue : “ On the… pressing challenge of global warming , we have moved into a leading role . We have an ambitious agenda and an equally aggressive target to generate 175GW from renewables .
“ We have already made a good start . We brought the international community together to create the international solar alliance to harness energy from sun . ”
Then Goyal at the IRENA clean energy summit in Abu Dhabi at the start of this week : “ Irrespective of what other countries do or do not do , India stands committed to being part of green energy , ” they said .
Canada
Prime minister Justin Trudeau is walking a tight line , talking tough but also mooting a reverse ferret from Trump on the Keystone XL pipeline , which would help Canada export more oil from its tar sands fields in Alberta .
Their environment minister Catherine McKenna has been in heavy-tweeting mode advertising a hoard of climate bilaterals on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum . Al Gore , Norway 's climate chief Vidar Helgesson , Unilever CEO Paul Polman and UN climate boss Patricia Espinosa were among those they met .
It is day two at # WEF2017 . My key priorities ⬇️ pic.twitter.com/bZn5lVGw2V — Catherine McKenna ( @ cathmckenna ) January 18 , 2017
UK
Not a sniff of climate chatter from Theresa May in the past week , bar an oblique reference to clean energy in the context of the impending Brexit negotiations .
Them climate minister Nick Hurd has been a little more bullish – referring to the impact of Trump 's election as a “ large rock chucked in a pool ” .
“ The Trump election is a challenge but there has been a clear gear change in global climate efforts , ” Hurd told MPs at a hearing in Parliament .
Britain would “ do what we can to influence others , and as the foreign secretary [ Boris Johnson ] makes clear , that includes the US administration , ” they said .
Germany
Relations between chancellor Angela Merkel and Trump will start frosty , after the billionaire accused them of a “ catastrophic ” error on opening Europe 's doors to refugees and suggesting the EU was a creation to benefit Berlin .
Signs are she 's gearing up to defend global climate efforts , making it a pillar in the upcoming Hamburg G20 where carbon pricing will also feature .
Asked about Trump 's scepticism on climate change , Merkel had this to say last November : “ Of course I 'll say that I believe that climate change is certainly caused by humans – and we 'll want to see if the position there develops .
“ One always has to try to find compromise through mutual respect and a clear position . That 's politics – always to find compromise . ”
Mexico
Assailed by Trump throughout their campaign to be president and now facing an exodus of big business under their orders ( and a bill for their wall ) , Mexico is on a sticky wicket .
President Enrique Pena Nieto 's popularity has dived as petrol prices have soared , the result of widely-acclaimed government efforts to ditch fossil fuel subsidies .
But if we can expect little from Pena , their lawmakers are a tougher lot . This week they passed a resolution with South Korea , Indonesia and Fiji at the Asia-Pacific Parliamentary Forum urging countries to accelerate ratification of the Paris accord .
Saudi Arabia
Riyadh 's rulers hardly count as climate champions , but this week the all-powerful oil minister signalled their multi-billion renewables plan is close to take-off .
The Saudis are looking for up to $ 50 billion in clean power investments over the next 6 years , said Khalid al-Falih .
Brazil
Brazil ? Claudio Angelo from Observatório do Clima emails to report a blanket of silence has descended on São Paulo and president Michael Temer .
“ [ Foreign minister ] Serra did say before the election Trump would be a disaster , but has since recoiled . Right now , with a sequence of jail massacres and jailed CEOs threatening to drag them into jail , Temer has other concerns . ”
South Africa
“ I 've not heard anything from Zuma , he 's fighting other battles , ” said a member of the South African climate delegation in an email to Climate Home .
If Trump thinks he 's having a hard time , they should call the seemingly doomed South African president , who stands accused of corruption and a woeful lack of progress on job creation .
EU
Brussels was bullish on the Paris deal before Christmas , but has stayed quiet since . Off the record , European Commission officials say there 's no chance Trump will deflect the bloc 's 2030 climate and energy package , which is due to be finalised this year .
1 year ago , the world came together to tackle # climatechange . EU 's commitment to the # ParisAgreement is irreversible and non-negotiable . https : //t.co/kE5DAcfPFo — Miguel Arias Cañete ( @ MAC_europa ) December 12 , 2016
UN
New secretary general Antonio Guterres has predictably labelled climate change as one of their priority issues and had linked environmental degradation to a spate of conflicts in Africa and the Middle East .
Wars , they said , “ are fuelled by competition for power and resources , inequality , marginalization and exclusion , poor governance , weak institutions , sectarian divides .
“ They are exacerbated by climate change , population growth and the globalization of crime and terrorism . With so many factors at work , it takes very little to trigger a crisis that can engulf a country or a region , with global consequences . ”
So far that 's all . The head of the UN 's climate body Patricia Espinosa – a veteran Mexican diplomat – has steered clear of talking about the US or Trump , sticking to their line that momentum is behind the UN on this issue .
“ Where do I get optimism ? The signals have been clear . Not only has the agreement entered into force , it 's now a legal obligation for us at the secretariat and to help countries to comply with their commitments… but every week we are getting new countries that are ratifying , so now we have over 125 ratifications , ” they told media at the World Economic Forum .
“ We recognise the many challenges lie ahead… but we believe the movement has started . Yes we need this movement to be going at a much faster pace . We need much more financing . ”
Influence Profile : New Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos
Updated : 6:12 p.m .
In a town where they now owns one of the biggest megaphones , Jeff Bezos has kept a low political profile .
The Amazon founder , who on Monday announced that he 's buying the Washington Post , has made relatively few political contributions , most of them in the other Washington -- Washington state , where they make their home . But Bezos has made up in size what their influence profile lacks in quantity .
Last year , they gave $ 2.5 million to Washington United for Marriage , a group that successfully defended a state law allowing same-sex nuptials , singlehandedly underwriting one-fifth of the organization 's $ 12.5 million budget , according to data downloaded from Influence Explorer . Other prominent political donors , including New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Microsoft 's Steve Ballmer and Bill and Melinda Gates , also donated to the same cause but Bezos was by far the most generous .
MORE : Obama visits Amazon facility in Tennessee .
The digital retail tycoon made one other major contribution , of $ 100,000 , to help defeat a proposed surtax on upper-income individuals in 2010 . That same year , they gave $ 25,000 to Meg Whitman , a Republican and fellow Internet business leader who ran unsuccessfully for California governor . Bezos ' other contributions include : $ 1,000 to former Washington Gov . Christine Gregoire 's successful 2008 campaign and $ 900 to Guy Palumbo , who ran unsuccessfully last year for a Washington state Senate seat . Influence Explorer also shows earlier donations to both of their home state senators , Democrats Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell , as well as to Amazon 's political action committee . They do not appear to have made any other contributions to federal candidates since 2000 .
Bezos ' wife , novelist MacKenzie Bezos , has been an active and eclectic donor to congressional candidates . Them beneficiaries include Cantwell , and two Republican former senators : Slade Gorton of Washington and Spencer Abraham of Michigan . Mrs. Bezos also has donated to Rep. John Conyers , D-Mich. , the top-ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee and one of the most liberal members of Congress .
Employees of the company Bezos founded have a distinctly Democratic tilt in their giving , Influence Explorer shows . Amazon also has been an active lobbying presence in Washington , spending more than $ 18 million to influence Congress mostly on Internet commerce issues .
( Photo credit : WWPhotos via Flickr.com )
According to Carmelo Anthony 's personal trainer , the New York Knicks ' slimmed-down superstar forward is n't just looking to be more of a facilitator . Melo intends to be mentioned alongside LeBron James and Kevin Durant . Per the NY Post :
“ Amazing people have been hired over there and they want to come in as the leader and a top-three player in the world , '' Idan Ravin said , adding Anthony wants the Knicks to follow their lead . “ If [ he 's ] being meticulous , you should not just follow [ his ] word , but follow [ his ] actions . ''
Ravin and Anthony have trained a large amount in Los Angeles , where Anthony has a second home . Anthony 's rigorous training and diet plan began in mid-May and some drills were “ tweaked '' to make them more “ challenging , '' Ravin said .
The trainer , whose other full-time clients are Chris Paul and J.R. Smith , said Anthony 's dedication has been astounding . They said there was no specific diet regimen , though eliminating carbs is a staple . [ … ] “ He 's just tenacious with their training , '' Ravin said . “ He 's working out very hard , ramped it up , being even more meticulous . He 's been super diligent on their diet , extra cardio , rest . A lot of amazing people were hired [ by the Knicks ] and he 's excited about it . It 's another example of Melo trying to be super prepared . ''
The third Satoshi Roundtable has just concluded in Cancún , Mexico . The Roundtable is a private gathering of 100 movers and shakers within the bitcoin industry , with no media present , and it 's held under Chatham House rules – meaning everybody can use the information shared at the meeting , but never disclose who said what or their affiliation .
First , it can be acknowledged that an event like this can feel like elitism to those who are not invited . Nevertheless , it must be argued it is a very efficient way to make shit happen , and seeing there 's nothing preventing anybody from inviting people to a relaxed meeting , there 's nothing inherently wrong with doing so just because the whole world is n't invited . This is the third annual Roundtable ( and yes , the knight on the picture is the Roundtable mascot ) .
These are my impressions , and I 'm taking the liberty to be blunt . Being blunt saves time that is otherwise needed to guess what people meant .
The good
First , the meeting was superbly arranged by the Bitcoin Foundation and Bruce Fenton . It was set in just the type of location which makes it easy for participants to hang around the meeting venue instead of taking a taxi to whatever favorite other venue and splitting up , which makes all these magic spontaneous small meetings happen .
For me as a Nordic person , it was n't too bad to come to 27°C in the air and 23°C in the water in January , either . Not to mention the intense sunlight . ( The sun does n't rise in large parts of Scandinavia this time of year . )
It was also a breath of very fresh air , after having felt the antagonistic attitude and tensions in online discussions , to see people meet and honestly try to exchange perspectives and gain understanding . In short , people are behaving not just like civilized adults , but like humble thought leaders . You 'd never believe this if you just participated in online discussions .
The outstanding
The productivity in a meeting like this is amazing . It 's so intense , you 're having high-impact discussions with everybody you meet , every five to ten minutes at tightest . Almost every single interaction leads to cooperation opportunities . Meeting so many other movers and shakers in such a tight spacetime means there 's an ignition of opportunity pretty much with every person you speak to .
I also had very fruitful and frank – even blunt – discussions with people who represent ideas and objectives seemingly diametrically opposed from mine in the bitcoin sphere , and there was a humility in the air and a willingness to listen and understand that is plain inconceivable if you are judging by the online toxicity . Again , I 'm not allowed to disclose whom or their affiliation , but they deserve a metric ton of credit for the attitude . You know who you are .
I 'm leaving Cancún with eleven actionable items I would n't have had without meeting all the amazing people here , just one of which would have been sufficient to justify the trip and attendance .
The beautiful
“ Blockchain technology is an extinction event to traditional financial institutions . Like the dinosaurs , a few will survive by morphing into agile birds at a small fraction of their previous weight and size , but most will just die . ”
I 'm not allowed to disclose who said this , but I think it 's a beautiful quote . Roger Ver also posted the first part of it on Twitter , similarly without disclosing who said it , as is appropriate .
There was also a call for leadership among the people present – “ we need to act like the leaders we are , and not tolerate bad attitude in the discussions : at the very least , we need to act as good examples and not foster a bad atmosphere ” . This was very refreshing to hear and was met with applause .
The bad
The major bitcoin discussions concerned segwit and the present deadlock . As it 's taking most of the energy right now , I 'm also going to devote a lot of space to those impressions . There were many hours of discussion with ( a non-identified subset of ) people present calling for “ segwit adoption and activation now ” , plain and simple , with frustrated expressions that Chinese miners are “ blocking progress ” by not signaling , deploying , and activating segfault , basically “ because they should be doing so ” .
In a speaking slot of mine , I stood up and made the observation that we ( people in the room ) are acting like a Toyota boardroom who are trying to make a decision that every family should buy the latest Toyota model . “ It does n't work like that ” , I said . “ We 're not the Soviet Politburo commanding a planned economy . The reality of the situation is that we 've made the market an offer , and the market is rejecting our offer. ” I made the point that thinking the market should behave differently , no matter how good your reasons , is not going to make the market behave differently in the slightest . The Toyota boardroom does n't get to decide what car a family should buy , and the present company does not get to decide what code miners run on their own machines . The world is n't fair , but instead of complaining about it , play the cards you 've got on your hand . Give your client what they want and you both benefit .
Some people seemed to take to this argument . Most did n't , appearing to be stuck in the mindset that miners are there to serve the community , as opposed to the actual objective , serving themselves only as a rational economic actor .
I find it really , really frustrating that you have a room full of otherwise hyperintelligent people , who were told in very clear terms by the Chinese miners what those miners want about a year ago ( a hardfork increasing the max blocksize limit for the present type of transactions to at least 2 megabytes ) , and today , you have the same people asking in frustration why Chinese miners are not adopting segwit when those miners said in bright blinking cleartext a year ago what it is they want , and it is not segwit . The lack of understanding the customer perspective comes across not just as substandard , but appalling to the level of downright confusing .
The conclusion from this meeting appears to be to do mostly nothing and just expect segwit to activate , possibly lowering the activation threshold ( which would not go over well at all ) . I find that disappointing , because it means that 44 weeks from now , when segwit has definitely failed to activate ( when the activation window closes ) , there will be a flurry of confused activity as what to do next . So in 52 weeks , we 'll be at another Satoshi Roundtable with absolutely no progress at all , if this is the only path worked on .
The alternative , of course , is that a hard fork happens in the meantime . There are at least four levels of hardfork that can take place , and the most likely is that enough miners just switch to a non-Core bitcoin distribution with a higher or dynamic blocksize limit – the second easiest level of hardfork .
I am aware of several hardfork initiatives , at three different levels , that are already underway with work progressing . I predict and anticipate an actual fork event to take place six to 18 months from now . And it 's not going to be “ firing Core ” as some would frame it ; more accurately , it 's going to be “ firing Blockstream ” . The open question would be if such an event happens in time to preserve bitcoin 's first-mover advantage over other , technically superior coins – my crystal ball is very hazy on this point .
Overall , my assessment is that bitcoin is lacking project management . There 's no clear vision of what the community wants bitcoin to be , who the customer is , or what problem it should solve . This is maybe best illustrated by the rather random statement “ It 's now clear that microtransactions have been priced out by rising transaction fees ” , as one person stated in the meetings .
Yeah , bitcoin just lost two billion users , and it was presented like a freak , unforeseeable , completely unpreventable accident – like a volcano erupting . In reality , it was foreseeable for years and completely preventable . It 's okay to not prevent such a catastrophic loss of userbase as an active choice or as a choice of whom to target – but it 's not okay to merely observe “ oh and by the way , this just happened ” .
The ugly
The meeting started with the observation that there are now 70,000 transactions in the backlog . Despite this , a subset of the participants insist that there 's absolutely no problem with network capacity . It 's as if that subset of participants and another subset ( including me ) are living in different realities .
A further subset of people – I am still not going to name or imply an affiliation because Chatham House rules – insist on the importance of not taking risks with the bitcoin network . This comes across as completely counterfactual to me . We 've seen a capacity ceiling approach for two years , and now we 've hit it – how can you talk about not taking risks at the same time as you completely ignore the approaching and completely predictable capacity wall for several years ? To many , this would come across as some form of arrogance , but calling it that would be to assign bad faith . I do n't believe in bad faith in this company ; I prefer to assign the phenomenon to tunnel vision .
I 've seen segwit rationalizations that doing a hardfork would take 12 months “ and we must choose a fast path now ” . Well then , the right thing to do would have been to start executing that hardfork lifting the blocksize limit a year ago , when miners declared loudly and openly that this is what they want . But that was n't done , and here we are a year later .
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago . The second best time is today . –Chinese proverb
Of course , this argument could be trivially rebutted by claiming that something has been done : segwit . But in my blunt world , it 's results that count , and segwit is not happening . Again , this was completely predictable with a modicum of project management .
Conclusion
In conclusion , it was a very productive meeting that was superbly organized and executed . Some of my preconceptions were shattered , particularly with regard to attitudes and professionalism ; others were more or less confirmed , particularly with regard to stances and action plans of various actors and actor groups , as well as my assessment of the political situation at hand .
After this meeting , I 'm very bullish on bitcoin 's future . There 's one thing I believe in more than ideas , and that 's people . Specifically , people with the ability to execute those ideas — and there 's a ton of them here . They 're not going to let bitcoin die silently with a whimper , but something will happen to resolve this deadlock , and it 's going to happen sooner rather than later with all this energy around . I can not predict what that event is — as I said , I 'm aware of three hardfork initiatives myself — but I am quite sure such an event will come from somewhere .
Islamic State is holding around 3,500 people as slaves in Iraq , according to a United Nations report released on Tuesday . Most of those being detained are women and children from Iraq 's Yazidi community .
The report , issued jointly by the UN human rights office and the UN Assistance Mission for Iraq , states that an estimated 3,500 people are “ currently being held in slavery ” by Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS/ISIL ) .
“ Those being held are predominantly women and children and come primarily from the Yazidi community , but a number are also from other ethnic and religious minority communities , '' the report says .
Read more
It goes on to state that the militant group , which also controls large swathes of territory in neighboring Syria , has committed widespread abuses that may “ in some instances , amount to war crimes , crimes against humanity , and possibly genocide . ”
The report details executions by shooting , beheading , bulldozing , burning alive , and throwing people off the top of buildings .
It also states that the UN has information about the murder of child soldiers , and has verified reports suggesting that between 800 and 900 children in Mosul were abducted for military and religious training .
Despite the figures detailed in the document , UN human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein noted that they fail to represent all those who have suffered .
“ Even the obscene casualty figures fail to accurately reflect exactly how terribly civilians are suffering in Iraq , '' they said in a statement .
“ The figures capture those who were killed or maimed by overt violence , but countless others have died from the lack of access to basic food , water or medical care . ”
They went on to describe the “ horror ” that Iraqi refugees are attempting to escape when they flee to Europe and other regions .
The report comes less than one month after Islamic State 's “ laws ” on sex slave treatment were revealed . Any children born to sex slaves are then trained to murder , an aid worker told RT last month .
Many of those taken as slaves are from the ethnically-Kurdish Yazidi minority in Iraq , which continues to be targeted by the militant group . Earlier this month , RT 's Murad Gazdiev traveled to the Nowrooz camp in Syria to hear the stories of those who have fled .
According to the UN , IS jihadists have abducted thousands of women and girls as young as 12 years old , selling them as sex slaves or giving them to militants as rewards .
Your baby or toddler might be getting more than you think in store-bought foods – and it 's not the good stuff . More than 60 % of the baby/toddler foods examined in a recent study were high in sodium , sugar , or both . The worst offender was was Gerber 's Fruit Medley Dessert , with 75 % of its calories coming from added sugar .
While media brings much attention to high amounts of added sugar and sodium in processed food for children and adults , little focus is given to baby and toddler foods . Experts recently conducted a much-needed study to analyze the sodium and sugar content of processed baby and toddler foods , and compare them to adult foods .
The study analyzed 186 products marketed for baby ( 7 to 12 months ) or toddler ( 12 to 24 months ) consumption . The Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) has set an adequate intake ( AI ) for sodium at 370 mg per day for babies and 1000 mg per day for toddlers . It also suggests that the general public limit the calories coming from added sugar to less than 25 % of their total intake . Based on these recommendations , researchers classified products with less than 130 mg of sodium per serving as “ acceptable ” and more than 260 mg as “ high in sodium. ” Products with more than 20 % of their calories from total sugar were “ high in sugar . ”
The results were surprising and disappointing . About 12 % had more than 130 mg of sodium , while 16 products were classified as “ high in sodium. ” All of them were targeted to the toddler crowd . The worst product contained 55 % of the toddler 's AI for the day : Gerber 's Graduates for Toddlers Lil ' Entrees : Chicken Pasta Wheel Pickups had a full 550 mg per serving .
High sugar content was even more prevalent : 53 % of the products derived more than 20 % of their calories from sugar ; more than half of these were baby foods . ( Purées of 100 % fruit or vegetable were excluded because they contain only natural sugar . ) The included foods had some natural sugars , but 40 % had more sugar added .
When comparing baby/toddler foods to similar adult versions , they did n't prove healthier , and were sometimes even worse . Toddler yogurts , for example , contained about 63 mg of sodium , while the adult sample only contained 50 mg .
Awareness of high amounts of sodium and added sugars in baby/toddler foods is particularly important because research suggests dietary habits are created during these formative years and affect adulthood taste preferences and dietary choices . As many adults struggle with chronic diseases that are heavily influenced by dietary habits , like high blood pressure , diabetes , and obesity , experts are starting to recommended looking more discerningly at what goes into the mouths of the littlest people .
For healthier options , choose products without added sugar , such as corn or cane syrup ; cane , beet , or brown sugar ; dextrose ; or fructose . Also , look at the nutritional label for products with fewer than 130 mg of sodium per serving . If you 're feeling particularly adventurous , you can even try making your own ! For babies , guidelines from pediatric specialist Dr. Sears will help you determine what to purée and how . Toddlers can eat the same healthy foods as adults , just in smaller portions.﻿
A Washington Post analysis relied on faulty methodology Monday in an attempt to prove that racism played a bigger role in the 2016 election than authoritarianism or income .
Thomas Wood , an assistant professor at Ohio State University , attempted to unpack voter motivations in the 2016 election by looking at three key narratives : income , authoritarianism , and racism . They then evaluated the narratives by looking at data from the 2016 American National Election Study ( ANES ) .
Wood concluded that racism played a bigger role , but they came to that conclusion by basing their claims on a questionable definition of “ racism. ” They used the “ symbolic racism scale , ” which “ measures racial attitudes among respondents who know that it 's socially unacceptable to say things perceived as racially prejudiced , ” rather than the textbook definition of racism .
“ Rather than asking overtly prejudiced questions — ‘ do you believe blacks are lazy ' — we ask whether racial inequalities today are a result of social bias or personal lack of effort and irresponsibility , ” Wood explains in The Washington Post . They conclude that white Republicans are “ racially prejudiced ” because they are more likely to agree with a set of statements on attitudes about black people , work ethic and personal responsibility .
For example , the ANES study asks respondents how likely they are to agree with statements including this one : “ ‘ Irish , Italians , Jewish and many other minorities overcame prejudice and worked their way up . Blacks should to the same without any special favors. ” Another statement reads : “ It 's really a matter of some people not trying hard enough ; if blacks would only try harder they could be just as well off as whites . ”
Wood reasons those more likely to agree with those statements — white Republican voters — are more racially biased . But their conclusion does n't take into account other possible explanations for their answers aside from racism . While it can be argued that racial tensions played a role in the election , it 's questionable to claim that Republicans are racially biased based on a series of questions that could easily be showing Republican attitudes on work ethic and the role of government rather than their attitudes on black people in particular .
Using those questions to determine Republican racism involves a lot of assumptions that may or may not be accurate .
Media personalities were nevertheless quick to cite the WaPo piece as further proof that racism played a role in the 2016 election .
Follow Amber on Twitter
Send tips to amber @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
EVERY few years , a news event demonstrates how dysfunctional , arbitrary and counterproductive the country 's system of classifying information really is . Sometimes it 's an article or book about government conduct that causes hand-wringing among intelligence officials . Sometimes it 's a prosecution under the nearly 100-year-old Espionage Act for mishandling classified information , instead of for actual spying . Now we have calls for prosecuting Hillary Clinton because , when they were secretary of state , they had documents on their private email server that have since been declared top secret .
Mrs. Clinton , along with others accused of mishandling classified information , argues that government information is “ overclassified ” and that it is poorly labeled , making it impossible to know what is actually top secret . They are right . This debate might prove useful if it forces the government to deal with a bigger issue : the need for a saner system for classified information .
Too much information is classified , and those restrictions last too long . Right now , there are thousands of people in the government who can classify information . Think about the reality : A person can put a “ classified ” stamp on a document and ensure it is kept secret , or can leave it unclassified , subject to disclosure , and later be accused of having revealed something needing protection . No one risks any real penalty for using the stamp ; the only punishment comes from not using it . The result is overclassification .
One person 's decision may not be consistent with that of another . Many times , I 've seen information in a document marked “ top secret ” that is easily available on the Internet . Similarly there are numerous examples where the exact same paragraph is marked “ secret ” in one document but left unclassified in another . Yet people have been prosecuted for disseminating such information , and at trial , the government blocks them from using the unclassified document as a defense .
An Exhaustive Guide to the Web Design Trends of 2016
Last year brought to the fore many new changes in the world of web design . And this year too is all set to bring about dramatic changes in the web design arena . But this year , the changes will be bigger and better than ever before . In fact , a fair share of experts believe that the year 2016 will be the year of the website design .
Technology is changing fast and so are the designing trends . Different companies and startups are launching their websites with a new and a fresh look and making it more responsive and interactive .
Just as people judge a book by its cover , the reputation of your business is usually judged by the aesthetics , design and functionality of your website . However , it is not only the look of your website that needs to be changed , its functions , presentation , loading speed and how it can be updated are a few things that need to be taken care of too .
The design of your website plays a crucial role in your marketing efforts . It is the first thing your customers are going to notice . Visitors to your site should feel comfortable and confident when checking your brand and products . But how would you ensure that you 're able to meet the ever-changing expectations of users in the year ahead ? The answer is simple ! You 'll need to embrace the newest design trends in the world of web .
In 2016 , many changes are expected in the web design arena . The design trends are likely to shift from bold shadows , complex textures , and heavy gradients to much cleaner and flatter ones . There is no denying the fact that using images and interactive elements may bolster a roost to your website .
This year , your aim should be to make people fall in love with your website so that they come visit and revisit it time and again ! So , to help you stay ahead of the curve , we present to you an exhaustive guide to the web design trends of 2016 . Have a look !
Innovative Scrolling
Everyone these days are accustomed to long scrolls , thanks to the ever-increasing usage of smartphones ! According to recent study by UX Movement , most visitors prefer up and down scroll design than the usual click navigation of one page to another . It can be vertical or horizontal , swiping or animation scrolling . We 're likely to see more of innovative scrolling in 2016 . So , do n't forget to incorporate the innovative scrolling feature to attract more visitors to your website in the year to come . It will also ensure that visitors spend a longer time on your website . Remember , the idea is to make things more fun and convenient for your visitors . NASA Prospect is a perfect example of such innovative scrolling . This amazing scroll site never fails to keep its visitor engaged and entertained . Do n't believe us ? See for yourself !
NASA Prospect website
According to an article published at Chartbeat.com around 70 % visitors check the top of the page and scroll even before the page is fully loaded .
Chartbeat article
Header and Page Parallax Motion
Yet another significant web design trend of 2016 will be the page parallax motion . It creates a 3D effect as you scroll down the page and can turn out to be a visual treat for your site 's visitors . To add more color , you can design your website in a way that the header and page parallax motion moves every time visitors move their mouse .
An advantage of having a page parallax motion is that it keeps the reader engaged as every time he/she scrolls or touches the mouse , there will be something new to watch . Also , it 'll help you convey your message to your visitors easily and in a more entertaining fashion . However , as they say excess of anything is bad , so do n't overdo it . The Royal British Legion is a classic example of site that uses page parallax designs to put forth a strong message in the most entertaining way possible .
The Royal British Legion website
Semi-flat Design
Now , this technique has been around for years but gained popularity only since the last few years . It became popular in very short span of time because it 's quicker and easier for users to comprehend and is able to load more quickly on websites . Flat design trend can be seen everywhere , from blogs of small businesses to the websites of the most iconic brands in the world . It is quite easy to create and manage flat designs . But with the ever-changing trends , designers are likely to add a little extra to the icons , the menus , the illustrations in order to breathe life into the site elements .
Now , there is no doubt that why several web designers , from novice beginners to professional experts , choose flat designs when it comes to creating useful , creative and unique website designs . Vine is a great example of semi-flat design that seamlessly blends real-time images with its flat design . In fact , many believe that Vine is one of the best examples of semi flat designs .
Vine website
Outside the Box Design
This one was winner trend last year and this year too , it 's expected to make waves in the web design industry . For long rectangle page layouts have been the first choice of website designers . But we 're likely to see more and more designers put in conscious efforts to come up shapes other than a rectangle in the year 2016 .
There are so many other shapes of geometry that can be and are being used for designing websites . Whether is an Sports website , Fitness website or any other geometrical shapes goes well with all . It 's something that yields the power to enhance the overall voice of the website design . Apart from helping users navigate the site easily , it catches eyes easily too . One of the best examples of the site with extraordinary geometry elements and shapes is Full Stop . This amazing website uses circles as the logo design to summon the attention of visitors ' to the company 's name . Some more famous sports companies such as Columbia Sportswear and Adidas are also using geometrical shapes in their sports logo .
Full Stop website
Full Screen Layouts
Finally , we are talking about a single image filling the entire screen with of course a few words . Is n't that interesting to imagine ? As they say that a picture is worth a thousand words . This proverb does n't find its weight worth in gold anywhere else than in the websites with full screen layouts . Using a large size image or a video clip grabs the attention and interest of your visitors ' right from the outset . We 're sure this trend will take the world by storm in 2016 .
The most interesting thing about a full screen layout is that it makes it easy for users to find , understand and comprehend the information they 're looking for . You can easily use a video or image of the product or service that you are providing that helps in engaging the customer . Here 's an example of a website with full screen layout . Jobs Is Free is an interesting site that impresses with its simplicity and attractiveness .
Jobs Is Free website
Interactive Storytelling
This is the most popular and favorite trend amongst the discerning netizens – visual story-telling ! It had taken center-stage in 2015 and is set to grab the attention of the world in 2016 too . So , this year , brace yourself to don the cap of a storyteller and design your sites to share a story with your visitors . Since you need to show a little more on your website , make sure that your content is in the form of an interactive story that actively engages your audience and makes them stay a while longer on your site .
You can incorporate quizzes , polls , videos , images , audio clips or immerse websites to spread the message you want to . This will definitely involve more and more people making your site a hit . Here 's a perfect example of storytelling website design – MoMA Century of the Child – that compels audience to continue scrolling down their pages !
MoMA Century of the Child website
Fewer Pages
Less is more these days ! We are just talking about the number of pages on your website . Using a one page design or a simplified multi-page design will attract more users to your website . Remember , visitors often shy away from page heavy sites .
Nobody wants to click multiple pages anymore . With an increasing number of people accessing the internet through their mobile devices these days , one-page designs are easy and more convenient for them . And when you 're designing a one-page website , it makes sense to ensure innovative scrolling to make things easier and interesting for visitors . Kocha is an amazing one-page site that 'll make you understand what it takes to be the best without essentially adding web pages to your site . Check it out !
Kocha website
Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG )
SVG has been in use for many years . And it still holds extreme importance . With SVG , images maintain their clarity and sharpness on all devices . It packs all essential web elements together with design elements to fit well to all screen sizes . W3techs.com reveals that currently only 1.3 % of all websites use SVG . But we 're sure to see ruling the world of creative web design in the year 2016 . Here 's an example of SVG .
Image source
Responsive Web Design
An article published at Business.com reveals that more than 1.2 billion people access web from their mobile devices and round 61 % of people have a better opinion of brands when they offer a good mobile experience . Looking at these figures makes it all the more important for you to have a site that aptly fits the changing screen sizes and provides an optimal viewing experience . Also , an article in Huffington Post wisely explains that “ 57 percent of mobile users will abandon your website if it takes more than 3 seconds to load and 30 percent will abandon a purchase transaction if the shopping cart is n't optimized for mobile devices . ”
Here are some mind-boggling stats that will urge you to opt for a responsive web design if you have n't as yet !
Over 1.2 billion people access the web from their mobile devices .
61 % people have a better opinion of brands when they offer a good mobile experience .
Tablet users spend 50 % more than PC users .
4 out of 5 consumers use smartphones to shop .
In an article published at Designhill.com , marketing director , Charles Darwin reveals that Google prefers responsive web design as the recommended mobile configuration . It offers a better user experience and helps you boost your website conversions . So , if you have n't invested in responsive website design so , go for it now . Remember , better late than sorry . Sparkbox is a great example of responsive website design . Its sequential arrangement sustains device transfer quite smoothly and effortlessly .
Sparkbox website
Ghost Buttons
The fashion of using loud and flashy buttons are gone . Usage of ghost buttons , also called transparent buttons , is another trend that will rule the roost in 2016 . Often described as hollow buttons , ghost buttons include only the outline of a button ( no fill ) along with a word or two in simple typography in the center . And this is what makes them look attractive and immediately grabs people 's attention . Due their nature of being less obtrusive , ghost buttons help sites highlight more of the content they want audiences to actually see . World in My Lens is a great example of a site that uses ghost buttons to its advantage .
World in My Lens website
Dynamic Backgrounds
Dynamic background could be anything from using a powerful image to a 3D background or even a video . Adding a video at the background is perfect for drawing immediate attention of the people because the human eye is drawn to movement .
We 're sure to see more of dynamic background in the web design arena in the year ahead . The background video on Yanagiu Kamiko website is immersive and engaging . It makes you want to see more and know the story behind the moving images .
Yanagiu Kamiko website
Split Screens
Split screen layouts are becoming popular all over the web this year and will be seen even more in the year to come . Dividing the web page into two or more parts . Designers are able to present twice the content to users in a clean and simple format . It will be more useful for people who offer two valuable products , services , or angle as they will be able to feature two separate messages . The split screen gives you an opportunity to compare two things . For instance , carmaker Peugeot uses a split screen layout on its homepage to blend the human element of the car with the car itself . See for yourself !
Peugeot website
With the technology changing faster than ever , many new design trends continue to emerge with each passing year . We hope the trends above can light a spark in designers to create websites that are unique and stand out from the rest . Make sure that you are well versed with the up and coming trends and practices before designing a web page to stay ahead of the curve .
The world of Information Technology is super dynamic . It is exposed to a rapid rate of change . Sometimes the change is faster than the time needed to settle down with a technology . There are many instances in real time IT Projects where managers are grappling with the issues on a project and there is a change in technology . You can understand how this might wear out an IT project manager .
What is the role of an IT Project manager ? How different is it from that of a regular manager ? What factors really affect the performance of an IT Project manager ? These and more questions pop up during such times of aggressive change . It is no wonder if some IT project managers turn philosophers questioning the very existence and meaning of life during these times of extreme changes !
This particular PMP help blog defines the role of a project manager . The gist of this blog post is that an IT project manager is nothing less than god when it comes to dealing with various aspects of a project . The IT project manager is a great leader , good communicator , maintains external calm in spite of all the internal turmoil and chaos , manages team and still delivers on time ! Interestingly , the job descriptions of IT project managers across reputed job portals like Indeed and LinkedIn give similar list of qualities for an ideal candidate . It might seem that recruitment of such candidates is not a problem given that demand and needed skill sets are same . Alas , it is not as black and white as this . Ask any recruiting manager , they will confirm !
Part of the situation ( note , I am not saying problem ) is that the typical role associated with an IT manager is just not the same way it used to be a couple of years ago . The erstwhile IT project manager ran a show of planning and controlling . It is not the same case anymore . What is the key change you ask ! Well , the key change is change itself !
Any change demands adaptability . A person/technology/organization/system that does n't adapt to change becomes extinct . This is an age principle that applies to everything , whether IT or not . In the IT sector changes have been abundant and frequent . The IT world 's adaptability to these changes has given rise to what we know as agile software development .
Dictionary definition of the world ‘ agile ' is the ability to move quickly and easily . It is basically responding to a change quickly enough . Planning as an aspect may or may not feature in this response . This is where it all changes for a PMP kind of IT project manager to that of a real world change facing IT project manager .
Most organizations have agile software development teams . These teams are technically small in size with brilliant ability to adapt and self-organize them selves in the face of any change . Are you wondering , ‘ where , then is the need for an IT Project Manager ? ' . If you are , then you are on the right track .
In these scenarios , the IT project manager is not just a team leader , scrum leader or a lead manager . In fact , the IT project manager becomes a bit of all of these roles and more . So , in essence , the IT project manager is a leader . To this extent , there is no iota of doubt in anyone 's mind .
The IT Project manager as a role really keeps evolving as the environment of software development projects is changing . However , there are certain qualities that do not and should not change no matter what ! Three of these key qualities are : -
Centered – The IT project manager should be centered no matter how much ever chaos is going on inside his/her head or team .
High EQ – The IT project manager should have a high EQ because project management really is all about people management .
Technically Sound – The IT project manager should know the nitty gritties of the project being handled . Knowing all the intricacies of different roles helps empathize but more importantly plan and organize .
Over and above these basic qualities , the overall role of an IT project manager is at cross roads , today because we as a human race are at a juncture of generational software changes . Big Data , Analytics , Robotics , IoT are all redefining technology the way we know it . An IT project manager is definitely needed but in an avatar that will go with the demands of these changing technologies . A PMP certification might not seem completely applicable in these changes but it is a tool that will help you keep your team steady during times of change .
Times ahead will help us understand what an ideal IT project manager should be or will be . Until then , your guess is as good as mine when it comes to good project management .
By far the most popular type of plan on the Affordable Care Act exchanges is “ silver , ” but this was entirely by design . From HHS :
Marketplace Plan Selection by Metal Level
20 percent of the persons who have selected a Marketplace plan have selected a Bronze plan
65 percent of the persons who have selected a Marketplace plan have selected a Silver plan
9 percent of the persons who have selected a Marketplace plan have selected a Gold plan
5 percent of the persons who have selected a Marketplace plan have selected a Platinum plan
2 percent of the persons who have selected a Marketplace plan have selected a Catastrophic plan
A silver plan is one where insurance covers on average 70 percent of medical expenses .
The fact that silver was the most popular metal tier does n't tell us anything about people 's insurance preferences because the law was designed to encourage people to choose that level . To begin with , the silver tier is the benchmark used to determine premium subsidies and where exchanges often first directed consumers .
Most importantly , the law was designed to effectively assure no one making under 250 % of the federal poverty level would choose anything but silver . Individuals making under that amount can qualify for cost sharing subsidies to reduce the cost deductibles and co-pays , but only if they choose a silver plan . Choosing anything besides silver would be throwing money away . This also gave insurers a big incentive to focus primarily on offering more silver plans .
There is strong reason to believe that if the subsidy structure did n't heavily favor silver plans , they would n't have been nearly as popular . According to the report , 76 percent of people on federal exchanges with financial assistance selected a silver plan but only 25 percent of people without financial assistance choose silver .
This added financial help to low income individuals could have been structured so it did n't overwhelmingly favor any one particular plan level , but Democrats chose to make sure most people would be in silver plans and they succeeded .
Earlier this month , over at Millennial Star ( trigger warning : Millennial Star post ) , ldsphilosopher wrote a post about responding to heresy and apostasy . Because ldsphilosopher 's post addressed President Uchtdorf 's Come , Join With Us talk from General Conference , I subconsciously related it with my own earlier post asking religious people : why do you go to church ? If you recall , I did n't address much of believing in the orthodoxy , because I was speaking out to the marginalized and fringe of 21st century Mormonism . Instead , I talked about the sense that where many see their churches as a place where one can be vulnerable and open , I do n't really see this a lot in Mormonism . Mormonism for fringe Mormons is more of a place to learn to bear things silently…which if that 's something you can find value in , then great , but understandably , if you 're looking for more openness , personal authenticity , and self-disclosure , then you might make different choice .
So , I was interested in hearing what ldsphilosopher had to say .
The basic tension ldsphilosopher is seeking to discuss in their post is the tension of having diversity of thought and belief in the church , while also having positions on orthodoxy . To snip from the post :
How do we respond to those who do n't just see things differently , but see things differently in a way that clearly contradicts established , core Church teachings ? Is this diversity that we should celebrate and encourage ? Or is this heresy that should be discouraged ? Note : I 'm not talking about being a Democrat . I 'm not talking about believing that the lost tribes of Israel were abducted by aliens . I 'm talking about central issues like the law of chastity , the Proclamation on the Family , the immorality of elective abortion , etc. , and I 'm defining these as “ central ” issues because they are what prophets and apostles have recently expressed concern about in recent conferences . Are they core doctrines in the same sense that the Atonement of Christ is ? Maybe , maybe not — but when Elder Oaks and Elder Nelson explicitly say that Latter-day Saints can not condone same-sex relationships , I feel like they are sending a clear message .
The basic way that ldsphilosopher answers this question is to distinguish between “ heresy ” and “ apostasy ” . Heresy is personal — they refer to it as “ ideas that directly contradict core teachings of the Church , and in ways that are potentially dangerous to the soul , ” and as these ideas themselves are not yet expressed , they are n't necessarily dealbreakers . As they write :
…You can believe whatever you want and claim membership in this Church . You can , for example , believe that the Book of Mormon is “ inspired fiction , ” and be a member of the Church . You can , for example , believe that two men having sex really is n't a sin , and be a member of the Church . You can believe that abortion is just fine and dandy . You can think that the modern prophets and apostles are kind of behind the times with the whole marriage and family thing . Whatever your favorite heresy , you can certainly still believe it , and come worship God with us in our meetings and find fellowship in our congregations . We want you to feel like you have friends here . We want you to serve with us , minister with us , and experience the joys of Gospel service , despite your eccentric and at times errant beliefs . Believing wrongly should never warrant mistreatment from others . We as Latter-day Saints should ensure that no one feels alienated for mere heresy alone .
I actually like what they offer after this , as more exposition on why heresy alone does not warrant alienation :
After all , sometimes — not always , but sometimes — we 're the ones who are wrong and they are right . This can certainly happen when the heresy they commit is to disbelieve some favorite folk doctrine that actually is n't revealed or official doctrine of the Church . But even if we 're dealing with genuine heresy , let 's open our arms and embrace our fellow saints anyways . We are all at different points in our personal progression .
I think that this opens up some questions on times when the supposedly orthodox member is actually wrong ( and is probably the crux of the liberal/progressive hope within the church ) . I also think that once LDS truth claims are problematized , destabilized , and deconstructed , then ideas about orthodoxy , folk doctrine , heresy , and the like become much messier than the average apostate ( LDS church claims = false , fraudulent ) or the average believer ( LDS church claims = true , clearly and simply ) believe . But here , my point is not to perform the task of problematizing , destabilizing , or deconstructing…just to point out that even ldsphilosopher has a conceptual theological out and that 's pretty neat .
But pretty quickly , ldsphilosopher does state something interesting ( which I did n't quite capture the first time I read their post and was titling mine…but it definitely captures the spirit I was getting at :
Why , after all , should we chase people from the fountain of Truth for not yet having the truth ? I firmly believe that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the one place in this world where the doctrines are pure . I believe that this Church and its ordinances are a wellspring of revelation , a fountian of light and knowledge from the True and Living God . Why chase anyone from that fountain — even if inadvertently — because they have n't been fully persuaded of those doctrines yet ?
( Note : truth claims : unproblematized . Stable . Well constructed . LDS church claims = fountain of light and knowledge from the True and Living God . )
This gem is the main takeaway of the point : the reason to appreciate diversity in the church is because the church is right .
Let 's contrast with other reasons you might want diversity . A business might want diversity because the diversity of thought produces better teams and better decisions . A university might want diversity to challenge its student body into experiencing new things and new people . In these instances , diversity is desired because of the traits of that diversity — universities are n't necessarily trying to turn a diverse student body into one image . Firms are n't necessarily trying to turn a diverse workforce into one mold .
But I think it 's fair to say that the church is not similar to these secular institutions . Diversity is n't appreciated for its own sake . Rather , I 'll change just a couple of words from ldsphilosopher :
This Church is the place where [ a diverse range of incorrect people ] can and will learn true doctrine through the Spirit , and we must therefore ensure that our meetings are full of the Spirit of love , not the spirit of contention . If we can find ways to teach true doctrine without putting others on the defensive , we will be much better instruments in the Lord 's hands , and much less likely to alienate those who need Spiritual instruction from the one place where they are most likely to receive it . Let 's be meticulous about this . We should embrace heretics with love , fellowship , and friendship — and perhaps by so doing , we 'll be the instruments through which God sends Their correcting , testifying Spirit .
Everything changes with apostasy , though . Apostasy differs from heresy in that apostasy is public . It is advocative .
Still , ldsphilosopher points out that apostates should be treated similarly to heretics . Pointing out that “ the Church is really patient and awfully reluctant to even excommunicate these sorts of people “ , they raise that apostates should be taught and corrected , and “ public agitation ” is fair game for criticism . They write :
There are some who , taking their opinions public and trying to persuade others to join their dissent , argue that compassion and good will requires that the rest of us remain silent . If we speak out and say , “ Actually , you are currently in open contradiction to the Church 's teachings , ” and warn others to steer clear of your public advocacy , they respond , “ They are trying to create a hostile environment in the Church for those with diverse opinions ! ” When their perspectives are publicly denounced by members as heresy , and their actions as apostasy , they sometimes cry , “ Do n't we want diversity in the Church ? Why are you trying to silence me for merely disagreeing or having doubts or questions about the Church 's positions ? ” No — we are not trying to chase you out of the Church for believing differently . We 're not trying to chase you out of the Church at all . But we can and will respond with clarity when you contradict the teachings of the Church 's leaders and try to confuse our fellow saints into thinking that you are not ( or that this is ok ) . Having doubts and questions is fine.Teaching others to doubt and question is not . Publicly spreading heretical perspectives using argument , persuasion , public advocacy , is not just “ having a different perspective , ” it is open rebellion against the Church and its teachings , and this will elicit a strong response from faithful Latter-day Saints . To think that it should n't is rather silly .
This is where the distinction between heresy and apostasy comes especially clear . People are n't silenced merely for disagreeing or merely for having doubts and questions . Rather , people are silenced for speaking out in a public manner . If you are already silent ( as you should be…or at least just quiet ) , then you can not be silenced .
At some point , someone could write an article about the value of speaking out , agitating ( even “ agitating faithfully ” ) , advocacy and so on to seek changes within the church . But that would n't be me…and for whoever does write that article , they will have to destabilize and deconstruct more than what has been destabilized so far .
Back to ldsphilosopher 's post though…in their conclusion , ldsphilosopher offers four invitations for heretics and apostates…I 'll summarize and translate them :
1 ) Consider acknowledging your wrongness
2 ) Be quiet about your wrongness
3 ) If you are n't quiet about your wrongness , expect someone to point out your wrongness .
4 ) Do n't be chased away by points 1-3 ! Please stay Mormon , because we 're right !
…for the most part , I do like seeing liberal and fringe Mormons stick it out . I think the orthodox vs exmormon coin-flip dichotomy is far too black and white ( and I am aware of the problems of the radicalization of the factions that occurs when moderate folks bolt ) . Yet , reading ldsphilosopher 's four invitations , I just want to LOL , throw my hands up and tell everyone who has disagreements with the status quo in the church that you should abandon this ship .
( Actually , I do say — and I have said for a long time…do n't stay just to try to change the church . I think that liberal/progressive/unorthodox/fringe folks who are most successful at staying do so because they have a testimony — however liberal , progressive , unorthodox , or fringey — that sustains them despite the rhetoric around them . This may inspire them to change , but it is the hope that sustains them if things do n't work out . )
Advertisements
Are you on a mission to find the best pool heater for your pool ?
Look no further as we 've got you covered . On our website , we will list out the absolute best pool heaters currently available on the market , along with expert reviews and our opinions on each product , including gas heaters , solar heaters , and electric heaters . There are a ton of pool heaters on the market and finding the right one for your pool is a daunting task , which is why we made this buyer 's guide for you .
Why purchase a pool heater ?
If you live anywhere other than near the equator , you will not be able to use your pool year round without a pool heater . Even if you live in a warm climate , all pools need a form of heater to keep the pool at a comfortable swimming temperature year round . If you live in a city that experiences cold weather , a pool heater is a must and will extend the length of time during which you 'll be able to enjoy the use of your pool ( beyond just those scorching summer months ) . Heating a pool takes a lot of effort , and both time and energy .
Buying a pool heater is no easy task . If you currently own a pool or are looking to purchase one in the near future , it is important that you do your research and look into the different types of pool heaters available . There are many things you should consider and we will do our best to outline them below . Solar , natural gas , propane and electric are the most common types of heaters . They each have their benefits . Depending on where you live and what kind of pool you own , one may be better than another for you . Read below where we discuss the different types of pool heaters .
The Best Pool Heaters
Before we continue , we 'd like to present to you some of the best pool heaters . These are all highly rated . Please note these are not the top three natural gas heaters or the top three solar heaters . These are the top overall ! Check out the individual reviews for further detail . However , before you purchase one , we recommend that you read the rest of this guide .
We 've also compiled separate lists of the best natural gas heaters , the best electric heaters and best solar heaters .
Determine which pool heater is best for you
Your location and the size of your pool are the two main factors you must consider before purchasing a pool heater . If you live in California or a location that is exposed to a lot of sunlight throughout the year , a solar heater might work ( other factors must be considered as well ) . However , if you live in Canada or Northern United States which experiences significantly less sunlight throughout the year , a natural gas or propane heater would be better . Furthermore , if you have a large pool , you will need to consider the size of the heater .
All in all , you will want a heater that is cost effective but efficient ( saving you time and energy ! ) . Here are a few considerations :
If you do n't plan on using your pool when temperatures fall below 45 degrees Fahrenheit , consider purchasing an electric heater as these are more efficient in those circumstances . If you live “ off the grid ” or in an area where electricity is expensive , consider purchasing a propane pool heater . However , these are generally more expensive to operate . If you will be using your pool infrequently , consider purchasing a natural gas heater . These are the most effective at heating your pool quickly .
We will discuss a number of factors in the pool heater reviews section of our website . Considerations such as efficiency , size of the heater and cost will be the main factors discussed as these are factors buyers should be aware of when purchasing a heater .
Learn about the different kinds of pool heaters
First off , there are many different types of pool heaters . Electric , propane , natural gas and solar are just some of the different kinds of heaters one can buy . They each have their pros and cons . The newly designed natural gas heaters are generally highly efficient , easy to rely on and safe . Over the past few years , there has been a rise in solar pool heaters as the cost of solar panels decreases and their efficiency increases . You will find articles on this website that outline the pros and cons of the different pool heaters currently on the market . These heaters were reviewed by industry professionals .
Solar Heater
If you live in a state like California , New Mexico or Arizona , a solar heater may be the most cost effective solution for you . If you live in climate where sunlight is more infrequent than frequent and you still want a solar heating system , you will need to pair it with an electric or gas pump . An electric or gas heater will be able to compensate – it 's always good to have a backup ! – and keep your pool warm when the sun is scarce .
A solar heater is comprised of a few components such as a solar collector , a filter and a pump . The solar collector is responsible for warming the water with the solar energy , the filter ensures that only filtered clean water gets warmed up in the pool and the pump is necessary to move water . In order to be effective , it is required that the solar heating unit is mounted in a location that faces direct sunlight . If you are located in the northern hemisphere , your solar collector will need to face south for optimal sunlight and if you are in the southern hemisphere , your solar collector will need to face north for optimal sunlight . Make sure that there are no objects such as trees or buildings in the way that block sunlight for a significant period of the day . A solar pool heater will be expensive at first as you will need to purchase the panels and unit and pay for installation . However , the yearly maintenance and energy cost will essentially be nil therefore the upfront costs will pay themselves back over time ! In addition , you can possible get tax credits for using a renewable energy source .
Pros and Cons
Pros Cons Free energy Only works when the sun is shining No emissions Only good in locations with a lot of sunlight Over time , savings will cover installation costs It may take several years to repay itself Great for warm climates Need a backup heater in cool climates
Here 's a great guide issued by the Natural Resources Canada . It 's all you need to know about residential solar pool heaters !
Natural Gas Heater ( or Propane )
While a solar heater requires sunlight and outside conditions that are out of your control , a natural gas or propane heater works regardless of outdoor conditions . These types of heaters are very efficient at heating a pool quickly . Burning the combustibles creates energy and the heater transfers this heat to the pool water . Although they are one of the least cost efficient options , they are still relatively inexpensive to operate , especially given the fact that the cost of natural gas has declined quite significantly over the past few years .
If your home is connected to a natural gas line , a professional can hook the system directly to your household gas line . If you do not have a natural gas line , it may be more difficult to install and in those cases you should consult with a professional . A propane tank is recommended for those living in remote areas as the heating system connects directly to a stand-alone tank . On average you can expect to pay around $ 500 to $ 1000 ( depends on location ) per year in fuel to heat a medium sized pool for a few months of the year . Keep in mind , if you want to keep a pool warm in cool conditions , it will be even more expensive as more fuel is needed to keep the pool at a consistently warm temperature .
Pros and Cons
Pros Cons Relatively clean burning More emissions than alternative options Propane tanks are portable Propane is costlier than natural gas Heats the pool quickly Expensive for large pools Heats the water regardless of outside temperature Not as fuel efficient as other options
Electric Heat Pump
Electricity is generally the most expensive energy source , more expensive than both natural gas , propane and solar energy . However , electric heat pumps are designed in such a way that they are more efficient at heating water , using less overall power than a comparable natural gas heater . You may be wondering how does an electric heat pump work ? It 's an interesting device that pulls warmth from the surrounding air , pulls it through a compressor that compacts the heat and injects it into the pool water . Even if it 's cool outside ( such as below 50 degrees Fahrenheit ) , an electric heat pump pool heater can still find warmth in the air and use it to heat a pump . Nevertheless , as you would imagine , it is even more efficient and cost effective in warmer weather .
Most electric heat pumps plug into a standard 220V electrical outlet . You will need to ensure that your pool is close to an outlet . If not , you will want to consult with a professional electrician who will be able to set it up for you . Furthermore , the unit must sit on a level surface ( preferably concrete ) and must be within striking distance of the pool filter and the air handler ( which is the device that contains the blower motor and electric heat pack ) . An electric heat pump will set you back around $ 250 to $ 500 in yearly electricity costs every year . That is for a medium sized pool with moderate usage .
Pros and Cons
Pros Cons Great in temperatures below 50 degrees F Need a 220V outlet nearby Efficiently uses electricity Electricity is an expensive energy source Zero emissions Grid energy may emit high emissions Can be used in solar deficient locations Need adequate pool deck space
Used Pool Heaters
Given their cost , many people will consider purchasing a used pool heater . Do we recommend this ? It depends . Heaters are made with a number of parts . If any one of these parts are faulty it will lead to significant , expensive repairs . Therefore , we only recommend that you purchase a used heater if a ) you are technically inclined and you have the knowledge to inspect it or b ) you purchase it from a reputable source that has inspected it and certified it .
You might 've caught me off guard on football eve here in State College , NCAA , but I did n't forget about UNC 's little statement last Friday .
You know , the one that declared that you found UNC guilty of zero violations . Only months ago , the University outlined fraud and poor oversight in 54 African and Afro-American Studies classes , some of which apparently never even existed . Furthermore , several football players were enrolled in these artificial classes . But evidently , you found UNC to be in violation of not one rule . Not even one , huh ?
That 's interesting…and extremely hypocritical .
You see , Mark Emmert and friends , I also remember the morning of July 23 , 2012 . Although I 'm not going to delve into that dark day too much , a sentence uttered during your “ unprecedented ” press conference really irked me .
“ [ Sports that become too big to fail , i.e . Penn State ] can be an erosion of academic values… ”
You 're right , Mr. Emmert , in the eye of big-time sports , academics can certainly be held to a lesser standard . Except they were n't at Penn State , where the 87 % of the football team you sanctioned graduates on a yearly basis . But you deemed a “ culture ” problem at University Park , so you assigned the Penn State football program with an academic integrity monitor for good measure .
Which leads to my question : Where 's the academic integrity monitor , let alone NCAA sanctions , for North Carolina , Mark Emmert ? I do n't know about you , but this certainly looks like a case where major college sports “ eroded academic values . ”
I 'd be remiss to compare child abuse to academic fraud , yet is n't this the Athletic Department with a more concrete , scholastic “ culture ” problem ?
Oh and look , you actually have jurisdiction here ! Or maybe I 'm naive and several years of academic fraud is perfectly acceptable ? Because that 's the message being sent to your 340 Division I member institutions .
Here comes the good part .
You were so perturbed at the Penn State “ culture ” that you denied 40 young men a free , state-of-the-art education for crimes that they had no part in . You placed the demise of Penn State Football in front of 40 men earning a world-class degree . Hell you even went as far as to assign an academic compliance officer , even though there were n't any pre-existing academic issues within the football program . However , the same man who was so quick to criticize Penn State 's scholastic values and “ culture ” issues seems quite content to allow years of academic fraud go unpunished .
On its website , it says that the NCAA was founded as a way to protect “ student-athletes. ” Sadly , the organization you reside over has failed . Last month , you seemed so concerned about the academic landscape at Penn State . However , when North Carolina blatantly buried academics below athletics , your NCAA friends did n't seem too disturbed by the dozens of unattended and uninstructed classes and by extension have basically validated future academic fraud .
Good going , Mark .
Starting to look like the NCAA cares about what it wants , when it wants , does n't it ?
Fact is , Mark Emmert can serve the student or athlete-aspect of their 500 million-dollar amateurism machine whenever they decide , but it appears as if they wo n't be supporting the “ student-athlete ” mantra anytime soon . They can grandstand to the world and insist that they care about the students under Bill O'Brien 's wing just like they can naively protect the program in which several athletes fell victim to academic fraud at UNC .
But they wo n't be doing both , not concurrently at least . So what 's it gon na be today , Mark Emmert , the student or the athlete ?
Your ad blocker is on . Please choose an option below .
Sign Up for our e-mail newsletter : OR Support quality journalism :
About the Author
Ryan Beckler Ryan is a senior in the Smeal College of Business majoring in Marketing . They are a Lion Ambassador who loves giving tours to prospective students . Their favorite activities include distributing news and consuming Chipotle .
East Renovation Continues With Approval For Sproul , Geary Halls Penn State 's Board of Trustees approved the next phase of East Halls renovations at its meeting Friday , setting the stage for construction to begin on Sproul and Geary Halls .
There are a few wide receivers in the NFL , who , as a defender you need to worry about even when they do n't have the ball . Yes , they 're dangerous with the ball in their hands but some might argue they 're just as dangerous without it . One such player would be Larry Fitzgerald of the Arizona Cardinals . Another such player would be Anquan Boldin of the San Francisco 49ers , who introduced themselves to Tennessee Titans defensive back Alterraun Verner this afternoon with a nasty block .
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has been running wild on the Titans ' defense today , much of it thanks to some well crafted blocks from their position players . The Niners quarterback was able to spring a fancy touchdown scramble earlier in the game thanks to a solid knee-chop block from Frank Gore , though it was n't nearly as nasty as the block from Anquan Boldin which I 'm sure Verner will be feeling for a few days .
As Kaepernick rounded the corner , Boldin zeroed in on Verner who had their eyes set on the Niners quarterback , never realizing they were about to get knocked off their feet .
Laying the boom .
H/T GIFDSports
March 29 , 2013
New York , New York- IFC Center
New York , New York- Elinor Bunin Munroe Film Center
April 5 , 2013
Los Angeles , California- Sundance Sunset Cinemas
Mesa , California- South Coast Village Costa
Pasadena , California- Playhouse
Chicago , Illinois- Music Box
Houston , Texas- Museum of Fine Arts
Seattle , Washington- SIFF Cinema @ The Uptown
Austin , Texas- Violet Crown Cinemas
April 12 , 2013
Tower- Salt Lake City , Utah
West End- Washington , D.C .
Birmingham , Michigan- Uptown Birmingham 8
Angelika- Dallas , Texas
San Diego , California- Gaslamp All Stadium 15
Columbus , Ohio- Gateway 8
Scottsdale , Arizona- Shea
Nashville , Tennessee- Belcourt
Santa Cruz , California- Nickelodeon
Miami , Florida- O Cinema
Denver , Colorado- Sie Denver Film Center
SIFF Cinema @ The Film Center- Seattle , WA
Cleveland , Ohio- Cedar Lee
Monica 4- Santa Monica , CA
April 18 , 2013
Rochester , New York- George Eastman House
April 19 , 2013
Monterey , California- Osoo
Amherst , Massachusetts- Amherst
Brookline , Massachusetts - Coolidge Corner
San Jose , California- Camera 3
Portland , Oregon- Cinema 21
San Francisco , California- Roxie
Omaha , Nebraska- Dundee
Cleveland , Ohio- Cedar Lee
New Haven , Connecticut- Criterion
Kansas City , Missouri- Tivoli
April 23 , 2013
Miami , Florida- Miami Beach Cinematheque
April 26 , 2013
Pelham , New York- Pelham Picture House
New Haven , Connecticut- Criterion
Asheville , North Carolina- Carolina
Palm Springs , California- Camelot
Lancaster , California- Blvd Cinemas
Champaign , Illinois- Art Theatre
Coral Gables , Florida- Cosford
Des Moines , Iowa- Fleur
San Luis Obispo , California- Palm
Berkeley , California- Rialto Cinemas Elmwood
Columbia , Missouri- Ragtag Cinema
San Antonio , Texas- Santikos Bijou
Jacksonville , Florida- Sun-Ray Cinema
Madison , Wisconsin- Sundance Cinemas 608
April 27 , 2013
Rockland , Maine- Strand
May 3 , 2013
Richmond , Virginia- Criterion Cinemas At Movieland
Normal , Illinois- Normal
Eugene , Oregon- Bijou
Santa Fe , New Mexico- CCA Cinematheque
Tulsa , Oklahoma- Circle
Boise , Idaho- Flicks
Wichita , Kansas- Historic Orpheum Theatre
Tucson , Arizona- Loft Cinema Twin
Ft. Collins , Colorado- Lyric CInema Cafe 2
Spokane , Washington- Magic Lantern
Springfield , Missouri- Moxie Cinema 2
Minneapolis , Minnesota- St. Anthony Main
Grand Rapids , Michigan- Urban Institute of Contemporary Arts
Louisville , Kentucky- Village
May 4 , 2013
Bradenton , Florida- Lakewood Ranch
May 9 , 2013
Albuquerque , New Mexico- Guild
May 10 , 2013
Bend , Oregon- Tin Pan
Charleston , South Carolina- Citadel Mall Stadium
Greensboro , North Carolina- Carousel
Vidalia , Georgia- Historic Pal Theatre
South Burlington , Vermont – Palace 9
Three Rivers , Michigan – Riviera
Wilmington , Delaware – Theare N .
Vancouver , Washington – Kiggins
Greeley , Colorado – Kress Cinema and Lounge
Louisville , Kentucky – Village
May 11 , 2013
Bronx , New York – Lehman Stages
May 13 , 2013
Anchorage , Alaska- Bear Tooth
May 16 , 2013
Bloomington , Indiana- Indiana University Cinema
May 17 , 2013
San Antonio , Texas- Santikos Bijou
Phoenix , Arizona- FilmBar
Lincoln , Nebraska- Mary Ross
Duluth , Minnesota- Zinema
May 18 , 2013
Portsmouth , New Hampshire- Music Hall
May 22 , 2013
Geneva , New York- Smith Opera House
May 24 , 2013
Salem , Massachusetts- Cinema Salem
May 30 , 2013
Gloucester , Massachusetts- Cape Ann
Telluride , Colorado- Nugget
June 6 , 2013
Memphis , Tennesee- Memphis Brooks Museum Of Art
July 5 , 2013
Hanover , New Hampshire- Hopkins
Nokia has just released a special version of its Withings Steel HR connected analog health watch . The Finnish company believes that the Special Edition Leather of Steel HR would make a wonderful gift for Mother 's Day.Unlike the regular version , the Steel HR Edition Leather comes with a state-of-the-art gift box . The box contains the watch , a leather wristband , a charger , as well as a silicone wristband that makes it perfect for sports , swimming , or wet weather.Also , the watch comes with an Italian hazelnut leather wristband and a free silicon wristband . The Steel HR includes a heart rate monitor , and it can be fully synchronized with the Health Mate app , so users can view trends , gain insights , and unlock various rewards.The Withings watch supports notifications for text messages , calls , and events , which will be displayed on its screen . According to Nokia , the Steel HR provides up to 25 days battery , plus 20 more days on power reserve mode . It 's also worth mentioning the watch is compatible with both Android and iOS phones.The most expensive Steel HR watch offered by Nokia costs €199.95 , but the Leather Special Edition sells for €229.95 and ships in 3 to 4 business days .
By Elaine Schallock , INFJ
Readers familiar with Personality Junkie will know that over the course of our analysis on Myers-Briggs we 've come to adopt a preference for fleshing out type variances by looking primarily at the functions ( which specify introverted and extraverted directionality to the basic preferences ) , rather than the preferences alone . While it 's true that intuition has general characteristics that pertain to both Introverted intuition ( Ni ) and Extraverted Intuition ( Ne ) , when distinguished by directionality a more specific and accurate understanding of how it manifests can be reached . This post , in particular , aims to flesh out differences in the dominant functions of INJ and ENP types and to shed light on how and why one may masquerade as the other .
As an introverted function , INTJs ' and INFJs ' Intuition operates in an intensive , singular and deep fashion . According to Jung 's description of how introversion and extraversion operate , we can understand Ni as drawing libido ( energy ) away from an object and toward the subject ( or the self ) . Ne on the other hand , as an extraverted function , operates in an extensive , plural and broad fashion . Ne propels libido toward the object and away from the subject ( or self ) . Where Ni tends to see one singular theoretical cause , Ne tends to see a plurality of theoretical possibilities . Ni is convergent , Ne is divergent .
Ni and Ne are better understood when their paradoxical opposites , Se and Si respectively , are introduced into the mix . According to the typological stack , the dominant ( and most conscious of the INJ functions ) Ni uses material absorbed subconsciously by the inferior Se function to detect a pattern or theme occurring in the physical environment . Subconscious Se casts a wide metaphorical net into the observable surroundings , picking up on visual , auditory and any other number of “ sensing clues ” that the INJ ultimately uploads and accesses through Ni consciousness . From a breadth of Se data , the INJ finds a narrow ( however deep ) interpretation ( Ni ) , picking up on a single , underlying pattern which would explain that cornucopia of Se information .
Whereas Ni borrows from a breadth of sensory information ( Se ) , Ne draws its energy from an intensive store of inner experience , Si . In a way , Si represents a concentration of Se snapshots – it 's the culmination of repeated experiences over the course of time and history – and it recognizes an established “ pattern of doing ” over the long haul . From this deep and narrow , however subconscious , knowledge of what has been , ENFPs and ENTPs are able to extract and put forth a breadth of possible “ what could be been… ” And the possibilities , it seems , are truly endless . Unlike Ni which interprets deeply from great breadth , Ne interprets broadly from great depth .
The ability of Ne types to take a relatively conservative concentration of Si material and fashion a plethora of options is their hallmark . I 'm always saying of Ne types that if you gave them a paperclip , an old tin can , and a few yards of string they could probably figure a way to fashion a designer gown , working automobile , a fax machine , and who knows what else… . You never know what they 're going to come up with . What distinguishes Ne from Ni may be summarized as concisely as this : Ni types are known for their insight , Ne types are known for their ingenuity . And it 's that same quality of ingenuity that has been glorified over history as the quintessential “ spirit of America ” – an oft impractical , starry-eyed sort of entrepreneurial brilliance . Ne types are masters at spotting unmet Si needs and craftily engineering ways to fill the void . If you had to be stranded on a desert island for any period of time you 'd most definitely want an ENP in your crew .
Because Ne and Ni both come from the same source , they each retain qualities associated with Intuition generally such as a focus on the ideational , theoretical , and metaphysical . But INFJs and INTJs are not well equipped to put forth ( i.e . extravert ) possibilities and it may even be said that they are not as “ creative ” as ENFPs and ENTPs ( if we understand creativity to be related to an output of ingenuity and inventiveness rather than insight ) . They tend not to excel at offering suggestions ( plural ) or hypotheticals . Ne types , conversely , are not well suited for narrowly reading into or extracting a single motive or insight from experiences . “ Insight ” from an ENP should be taken with a grain of salt ; while they are adept at seeing potentialities in everything , they are somewhat unreliable when it comes to zeroing in on singular causality .
What can happen on occasion is that from the barrage of theoretical possibilities produced by Ne – like a spray of machine gun bullets blindly and casually firing at a small and distant target – sometimes serendipity intervenes and one such bullet actually catches the bulls-eye . What 's so flabbergasting about this , particularly to an INJ witnessing such an event , is how surprised ( and often unconvinced ) the ENP themselves is that he 's actually hit the target ! The fact is , an Ne dominant ca n't be authentically convinced of the veracity of any single theoretical proposition without running the gauntlet of the functional stack down to Si . If an ENP were to “ jump the stack ” – jack-be-nimbling the auxiliary and tertiary functions to get to Si – the result would be inauthentic conviction typically resulting in restlessness and eventual overthrow once Ne was allowed to reconsider all the evidence .
In truth , the Ne type should n't be consciously focused on “ getting at ” a singular insight at all . It can actually stunt or inhibit the Ne from full exploration if the ENP is too fixated on the Si endpoint . The effect is that of retrofitting Ne to try and meet a preconceived Si , which , in essence , is the same thing as acting as an ISJ type . Si is actually captaining the insight or vision , with the creativity of Ne cleverly being used to justify it . Interestingly , when an ENP type attempts to do this , thanks to strength and agility of their intuition , the result can look curiously like Ni – presumably the result of a sort of “ blending ” Si and Ne . This process is what I referred to earlier as “ masquerading ” : an ENP gives the appearance of having the wisdom or insight reminiscent of Ni .
This same phenomenon , in the reverse , can occur with INTJs and INFJs . When the INJ becomes fixated on achieving an Se outcome , Ni is commissioned by Se to take the creative “ how to ” role over – imaging the way that this vision could be achieved . This process is suspiciously akin to Ne : proffering a hypothetical rather than distilling meaning from what already exists . Rather than focusing on “ what is ” ( Ni ) , the INJ becomes enamored with “ what if… ” ( Ne ) . The giveaway that the INJ is not an ENP is that Ni is narrow in its vision , not open to modification or spontaneity the way extraverted intuition is . Lacking the Ne propensity to see many different ways in which one could achieve the same end result , Ni becomes fixated on one “ ultimate ” or “ ideal ” theory . During this process INJ 's can become rigid , inflexible , and overly perfectionistic , essentially getting caught “ in the grip ” of their desire to make inferior Se manifest .
Both ENP and INJ types are somewhat subject to jealousies pertaining to each other 's dominant functions ( which seem to represent an ‘ ideal ' marriage of their inferior function with their dominant one ) . Individuation , the ultimate psychological goal , requires unification and reconciliation of our dominant and inferior functions . In the case of INFJs and INTJs , the goal is to take the inner insight and wisdom of Ni and have that be revealed or manifest in the outside world – to be perceived externally by the world ; in other words , to reconcile inner perceiving ( Ni ) with outer perceiving ( Se ) . INJ types are usually perspicacious enough to know that Se on its own ( as witnessed in ESP types , for example ) feels relatively hollow and undesirable as it lacks much , if any , element of N consciousness – it 's too one-sided , or imbalanced . Ne , however , appeals to the INJ because of the apparent unification of outward performance and N ingenuity and consciousness . Ne seems to embody the holistic aspect of individuation – the concept of marrying paradoxes Ni and Se – in a way that is far more appealing than simply taking Se on its own .
ENTPs and ENFPs also return the envy/admiration in their relationships with INJ types . In order to achieve individuation , ENP types must reconcile the breadth of their ideation ( Ne ) with a sense of convergent , inner knowing ( Si ) . Si taken on its own does n't necessarily garner full respect from the ENP as it seems not to question or explore on a theoretical ( N ) level the reasons for holding with tradition or a conservative approach to living . It too feels one-sided and incomplete . But Ni , with its sense of constancy and theoretical complexity , gives the appearance of having unified Si and Ne .
Learn More in Our eBooks :
My True Type : Clarifying Your Personality Type , Preferences & Functions
The 16 Personality Types : Profiles , Theory & Type Development
Related Posts :
Ni vs. Ne
Extraverted Intuition ( Ne )
Introverted Intuition ( Ni )
More Function Posts
Hollywood is on the verge of a massive boycott . And the Oscars may be the tipping point .
If you know where to look , you can see this sentiment building . After Meryl Streep 's Golden Globes tirade against President Trump , the # BoycottHollywood hashtag flooded Twitter feeds . A few weeks later , and just a day after the inauguration , Madonna shared their thoughts of “ blowing up the White House ” – effectively throwing kindling on the flame . At the SAG Awards , following a long procession of anti-Trump virtue signaling , David Harbour , star of the Netflix hit Stranger Things , vowed to “ punch some people in the face. ” Calls to boycott Hollywood promptly peppered the comment sections of conservative news reports .
Then , as rioters pummeled , sprayed , and set ablaze the campus of UC Berkeley in an attempt to cancel a provocative Trump supporter 's speech , calls for a boycott spiked as Debra Messing , Judd Apatow , and Sarah Silverman seemingly condoned the violent uprising . Silverman went as far as suggesting a military coup . Understandably , many were bracing for a lecture come Super Bowl halftime . But a collective sigh of relief could be heard across the country as Lady Gaga did the now unimaginable…she simply entertained .
With the Oscars under two weeks away , Hollywood media is telegraphing a political tsunami . Owen Glieberman , chief film critic for Variety , the industry flagship with huge sway over a movie 's success , called on the Oscars to go political and inspire protest . United Talent Agency announced the cancellation of its annual awards party to make way for a rally supporting refugees . Powerhouse agency WME-IMG announced it would form a new political action committee ( PAC ) . Even a toddler could predict its tone .
These numerous and concentrated developments have ignited an already present # BoycottHollywood tribal trigger that film studio number-crunchers should heed . Tinseltown has survived past public resentments… but this time something is undeniably different . Film and TV viewers now have innumerable options – with some that completely bypass the industry 's tollbooth . Simply put , the public does n't need Hollywood anymore to be entertained .
This shift has been brewing for well over a decade . From a peak of 1.58 billion , annual U.S. ticket sales have declined 16 % from its 2002 high…or just over a quarter of a billion seats per year . This decline occurred while the population , number of theaters , and number of movies made annually all increased . The slide also started before the proliferation of social media , cheap flat screens , streaming services , and the like . A large segment of the American public is finding other things to do – and political lectures wo n't help buck that trend .
These condescending lectures have also helped spark another , more nefarious behavior…theft . Evidence of this practice can be seen anecdotally in the comment threads of conservative entertainment media . But data also shows new genres of piracy taking hold . A 2016 report , written by this writer , revealed a renaissance in “ stream ripping ” – software that allows users to rip audio from streaming music videos . Thirty percent of Internet users report using stream ripping – an unauthorized downloading behavior riling an industry that has suffered a 60 % revenue decline from its 2000 high . A similar software is impacting Tinseltown – a peer-to-peer file-sharing protocol called BitTorrent , with the most popular app being Popcorn Time . This software allows users to access newly released films and TV shows with a library that far exceeds any subscription streaming service , and at a much cheaper price…namely , zero . The eloquent user interface rivals Netflix , and is sending shudders down the spine of film underwriters . In 2015 , the app was reportedly being downloaded an astonishing 100,000 times per day . And remarkably , Popcorn Time has persistently evaded anti-piracy efforts .
So before breaking ground on these new political endeavors , Hollywood should rethink its political posturing . The industry is teetering towards a boycott by an enormous , fully engaged segment of the population that clearly has other options . As the music industry has shown , long-term behavior can forever change . And if this past election cycle has revealed anything , it 's that Tinseltown no longer holds a monopoly on shaping cultural mores . So why risk it with political lectures ?
Patrick Courrielche is a cultural commentator and co-founder of Inform Ventures . They can be followed on Twitter @ courrielche .
ADVERTISING :
`` After quite a lot of sponsor meetings with various organisations , we finally found the one that suits us the best . The team and I are excited to announce that we are signing with mousesports and it 's sponsors BenQ , EpicGear and XMG . We will kickstart the relationship with a bootcamp in Berlin for TI4 qualifiers . The dogs have become mice . # MeowMeow '' `` After quite a lot of sponsor meetings with various organisations , we finally found the one that suits us the best . The team and I are excited to announce that we are signing with mousesports and it 's sponsors BenQ , EpicGear and XMG . We will kickstart the relationship with a bootcamp in Berlin for TI4 qualifiers . The dogs have become mice . # MeowMeow ''
Rasmus `` mouz MiSeRy '' Filipsen
`` I am proud to announce that Team Dog is now officially joining mousesports . After a period of looking for the most appropriate sponsor we seem to have found our perfect fit . Personally , I am glad to be back and I am looking forward to respresenting mouz on the international stage again , hopefully with a lot of victories after our bootcamp in Berlin . Special thanks to BenQ , EpicGear and XMG for the great support ! '' `` I am proud to announce that Team Dog is now officially joining mousesports . After a period of looking for the most appropriate sponsor we seem to have found our perfect fit . Personally , I am glad to be back and I am looking forward to respresenting mouz on the international stage again , hopefully with a lot of victories after our bootcamp in Berlin . Special thanks to BenQ , EpicGear and XMG for the great support ! ''
Adrian `` mouz FATA '' Trinks
Despite a bumpy start to their life as professional the former Team Dog look on track to become a solid European-based team , especially after qualifying themselves for the ESL One final in Frankfurt next month . Mousesports - who fielded teams at both TI2 and TI3 , dissolved their last DOTA2 squad in January of this year after struggling to find a stable roster . With Team Dog finally finishing their line-up and ceasing to continue their stand-in cameos from players such asXBOCT , exist andMason , they should allow Mousesports ' resurgence to be more than just a flash in the pan.In an interview posted on ESL earlier today , MSS spoke out about the strengths of the team Mousesports has just welcomed into their family . `` We 're willing to get better at any cost . I think Pajkatt and MiSeRy 's time in China really helped establish the work ethic they have now , '' said Arif “ MSS ” Anwar . `` They really want to get stuff done . They want to get better . Another thing I really like about this team is that they hype things up in game . Like when we get a kill , they start screaming and it helps boost our morale . It was n't really a thing I experienced before in other teams . `` MiSeRy and Fata both issued statements about their new team : Mousesports will be competing in the upcoming TI4 European qualifiers , and attending DreamHack Summer 2014 and ESL One Frankfurt in June.MouseSports rosterArif 'MSS ' AnwarRasmus 'MiSeRy ' FillipsenPascal 'Pas ' LohmeierPer Anders 'Pajkatt ' OlssonAdrian 'Fata ' TrinksAhmad 'HyDra ' Al-Saqarat ( Team Coordinator ) This article was written byLawrence Phillips , joinDOTA 's Editor-in-Chief.Malystryx has been in eSports since 2004 working as eSports Editor for Razer and Editor-in-Chief of SK Gaming in the past They miss the days of Warcraft3 but makes do with the world of DOTA 2.Location : Bristol , UKFollow them on @ MalystryxGDS .
ON A SPRING NIGHT in 1844 , the men and boys of St. Patrick 's parish in Philadelphia manned the roof of their church , rifles in hand , waiting for an anticipated attack that never came . St. Patrick 's was spared , but other churches were not : St. Michael 's at Second and Jefferson and St. Augustine 's on Fourth below Vine were engulfed in the flames of hatred during May and July of 1844 .
This was not the first act of terror against American Catholics . In 1834 an angry Boston mob had burned down a convent because of Catholic protests against required readings from the Protestant KJV in public schools . And earlier in 1844 , Roman Catholics in New York had also objected to the reading of the King James Bible in their schools . This helped to inflame the anti-immigrant “ Know Nothing ” party in a crusade against Irish Catholics in Philadelphia .
The “ Know Nothing ” term reflected the secret style of organization . If someone was asked about the party 's activities , they responded : “ I know nothing. ” The party insisted that all foreigners should be required to wait 21 years before being permitted to vote , that the Bible should be used in public schools to teach reading , that church and state should remain separate , and that only native-born Americans should be appointed to office .
The fears of the Know Nothings seemed validated when a rumor spread that the Catholics in Philadelphia wanted the King James Version of the Bible removed from the public schools . In denial of the charge , Francis Patrick Kenrick , Catholic bishop of Philadelphia , made a public statement on March 12 , 1842 : “ Catholics have not asked that the Bible be excluded from public schools . They have merely desired for their children the liberty of using the Catholic version in case the reading of the Bible be prescribed by the controller or directors of the schools . ”
The troubles began May 3 , 1844 , when the Know Nothings held a meeting in the predominately Irish Catholic district of Kensington in Philadelphia . Some residents attempted to attack the people on the platform . Three days later the group reassembled ; a quarrel arose with onlookers and a pistol was fired . There was an answering shot from one of the windows of the hose-house of the Hibernia fire company , and before long there was a full-scale battle .
On May 6 , more nativists arrived in the area and a fight broke out in the market , resulting in the death of two party members . As a result , a few Catholic homes and the School of the Sisters of Charity were attacked . The next day the nativists were back in full force , destroying the market , more homes and the Hibernia fire station . The mayor called the militia and things quieted down a bit . But the following day the convent and St. Augustine 's Church were burned : “ Pew led the fire to pew , the galleries caught and at length the flames broke forth from the roof and the windows in front , and finally the steeple was on fire , and when the cross which crowned the height yielded to the flames and fell in , plaudits arose with savage exultation from many in the streets. ” Firemen , under orders from the Know Nothings , let the buildings burn .
If anything good can be said to come from such brutality , at least the riots fed rising opposition to nativist groups such as the Know Nothings , resulting in a loss of popular support . The Know Nothings , despite having a strong coalition in place , were astounded when the Democratic party swept the election on October 9 , 1854 . The following year the Know Nothing Party renamed itself the American Party .
More Trouble Over Bible Reading in Schools
In a sense , the “ Bible Wars ” did not end after those violent days of 1844 . In 1886 , Catholic parents in Edgerton , Wisconsin , petitioned their local school board to stop daily readings from the KJV . The school board countered that “ to read the Bible without comment was non-sectarian ; to stop reading it because it offended Roman Catholics was sectarian. ” After failing to convince the school board to end the practice , the parents took their case to court .
In November 1888 the circuit court decided that the readings were not sectarian because both the KJV and Catholic translations were of the same work . The parents took their case to the Wisconsin Supreme Court . In the famous action known as the Edgerton Bible Case , the judges overruled the circuit court 's decision , concluding that it illegally united the functions of church and state . In the end , the Wisconsin Supreme Court reversed a ruling in favor of the parents and forbade local boards to mandate readings from the KJV .
The Edgerton Bible case was not the only , or even the first , challenge to sectarian religious practices in public schools , but it was especially well researched and well argued by the parties involved . Seventy-five years later , when the U.S. Supreme Court banned prayer from the public schools in 1963 , the Edgerton Bible case was one of the precedents that Justice William Brennan cited .
By Ann T. Snyder
[ Christian History originally published this article in Christian History Issue # 100 in 2010 ]
Next articles
Resources for further reading If this issue has piqued your interest in the KJV , here are some further windows into the history , language , and legacy of this translation The Editors
Editor 's note : People of faith in America American christianity is , at the very least , odd Jennifer Woodruff Tait
Catholics in America The test of “ freedom of religion ” Catherine A. Brekus
American religon 2.0 What will survive ? What will die ? What will be transformed ? Chris Armstrong , R. Scott Appleby , Martin Marty , Molly Worthen
Show more
The U.S. government has succeeded in its federal antitrust suit against Apple , as the judge presiding over the case has determined that Apple conspired with book publishers to raise the price of e-books .
Apple 's closing slide in its e-book antitrust case . | Source : U.S. District Court
The decision was handed down by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan on Wednesday . Damages levied against Apple are to follow in a separate trial . `` The question in this case has always been a narrow one : whether Apple participated in a price-fixing scheme in violation of this country 's antitrust laws , '' Cote wrote . `` Apple is liable here for facilitating and encouraging the Publisher Defendants ' collective , illegal restraint of trade . `` Through their conspiracy they forced Amazon ( and other resellers ) to relinquish pricing authority and they raised retail e-book prices . Those higher prices were not the result of regular market forces but of a scheme in which Apple was a full participant . `` Cote also dismissed the possibility that their ruling will stifle competition in the e-book market . They said their ruling is based solely on events that occurred as Apple entered the e-book market , and they do not `` seek to paint with a broader brush . `` Closing arguments were presented in the trial last month , on June 20 . In its case , the government accused Apple of colluding with five major book publishers to falsely inflate the prices of e-books sold on the iBookstore.Apple , for its part , denied the charges , and remained steadfast in opposition even as all five book publishers reached out-of-court settlements with the government.Apple led the charge in convincing publishers to switch to a so-called `` agency '' pricing model . That prevented content owners from being able to sell the same titles at a lower price elsewhere , without offering the same price on Apple 's iBooks platform.In contrast , the e-book industry prior to the launch of the first iPad was under the `` wholesale model '' preferred by market leader Amazon . In that model , resellers such as Amazon had the power to set prices , selling titles at or below cost if they chose to do so .
Wednesday , ESPN 's Pierre LeBrun stated that they know the Flyers have Predators ' defenseman Ryan Suter at the top of their shopping list . Ryan Suter is very , very good . This often gets overlooked not only because he 's in Nashville , but also because Shea Weber is even better than Suter and hitting free agency this summer as well .
With Chris Pronger done for the year , the Flyers are currently relying on some combination of three rookies ( Marc-Andre Bourdon , Erik Gustafsson , and Kevin Marshall ) and two not-so-good veterans ( Andreas Lilja and Matt Walker ) to fill their third pairing .
This would normally be cause for concern , but this group of shaky and/or unproven defensemen are just as good as the third pairing options the Flyers had last year , when nobody was worried about the need to acquire one of the best defensemen in the NHL .
Unfortunately ( fortunately ? ) that does n't stop the speculation about the Flyers acquiring Shea Weber , Ryan Suter , Cam Fowler , Luca Sbisa , Luke Schenn , or any other enticing defenseman . But what do defensemen cost on the trading market ?
Here is a table of some of the best defensemen acquired in the last twelve months and what it cost to acquire them :
Table is sortable by column .
What Is the Cost ?
Young defensemen do n't often get traded . In the past calendar year , only one sub-25 defensemen was traded off an NHL roster .
Erik Johnson was taken first overall in 2006 , but was traded along with a veteran defensive center and a first round pick in exchange for 22-year old , former first rounder Kevin Shattenkirk , 23-year old former first rounder Chris Stewart , and a second round pick .
Rundblad was traded along with a second round pick to acquire former number three overall pick Kyle Turris . This speaks more to the value of Turris than Rundblad , but as the centerpiece of that deal from Phoenix 's perspective , he 's worth including .
This is an admittedly small sample , but it 's not a stretch to say the reason there are so few young defensemen traded is that these guys just are n't on the trading block . When they are , the cost of acquiring them is high .
Defensemen in their prime get traded more frequently , possibly due to them reaching unrestricted free agency sooner .
Burns was sent to San Jose along with a second round pick , but required a 24-year old three-time 20-goal scorer , San Jose 's most recent first round pick , and their next first round pick .
Goligoski required a 23-year old , four-time 20-goal scorer AND a second round pick to get them to Dallas . ( Yes , James Neal scored twenty goals in Dallas before being traded . )
Ballard cost a 23-year old former first round pick , a 25-year old three-time 15-goal scorer , and a first round pick .
Klesla cost a 27-year old three-time 14-goal scorer and a 26-year old former third round pick , both of whom had expiring contracts .
Campoli was essentially swapped for a second round pick , since the seventh-round pick was for an AHL center .
Wideman was acquired for a third round pick and an undrafted ECHL player , so they might have been the steal of the year . Especially when you consider that Dale Tallon had earlier that year acquired Wideman and a first round pick in exchange for Gregory Campbell and Nathan Horton . So Tallon turned Horton , Wideman , and Campbell into a 1st and a 3rd .
Older defensemen who still have the ability to play in the top four are n't traded too often , whether it be due to shorter contracts , signing with teams who are buyers at the deadline , having un-moveable cap hits , or something else entirely .
Kaberle - the first time they were traded in the last twelve months - was a deadline acquisition by the Bruins . Boston gave up a 21-year old former first round pick , their next first round pick , and a second round pick . The second time , they only cost a 37-year old Jaroslav Spacek .
Liles cost a second round pick .
Allen was acquired for Sergei Samsonov , a 32 year old who had scored 15 goals once in the last five years and may be out of hockey ( his Wikipedia page says he 's still an unrestricted free agent and hockeydb shows they have n't played a game anywhere this year ) .
Summary
Young defensemen do not get traded often at all , but when they do , their price is high .
Prime-aged defensemen get traded fairly often , but they require top-6 forwards , second round picks , and/or Dale Tallon .
Older defensemen can cost very little , two first round picks and a second round pick , or anything in between .
Conclusion
What does this mean ? Do n't expect Luke Schenn to come any cheaper than multiple first round picks .
Ryan Suter and Shea Weber are 26 and 27 respectively , so they should cost something like a top-6 forward and a first round pick , if not more .
Meanwhile , Bryan Allen should n't cost much ( maybe a third round pick or a Phantom with some potential ) while still representing an upgrade over the Flyers current third-pairing options .
But where 's the fun in Bryan Allen ?
For Julia Bruzzese , every day is a gift that they and their parents think is delivered by Pope Francis.Julia was blessed by the pope during the darkest days of their illness . Just 12 years old , they would lie in bed , and wonder if they would live through their years . They were just a normal , preteen girl from Bath Beach - a dancer , before they started getting sick with Lyme Disease . `` I was scared for my life , did n't know what to do , '' says Julia.Soon , they could n't walk , and no one could figure out what was wrong . `` It was scary , is this going to be the rest of my life ? '' Julia thought.During Pope Francis ' visit to New York in September , they picked them out of a crowd at JFK Airport , and blessed them Them story got nationwide attention , and soon , amazing things started to happen . `` There was just a tremendous outpouring of love from the community , '' said Julia 's father , Enrico , `` Her best friend 's mom started a GoFundMe page , we had a doctor reach out to us and offer us treatment . `` Julia started getting the medical attention and medicine they needed . Now ? `` A couple months ago , during December , I got some feeling on the bottom of my feet and the sides of my feet , and now I can feel it almost fully . The night before my Dad 's birthday , this past Wednesday , the top of my feet and my ankle started buzzing , so that means it 's coming back , '' they say.Julia is determined they will walk again , and their parents are optimistic as well . While Pope Francis did not cure her , and there was no miracle on the tarmac at Kennedy Airport , the attention the blessing got steered the people who could help towards Julia , and now they have one thing that they have n't had in a long time - hope .
Screen edges are one of the simple yet powerful options introduced in the KDE fourth release series . Screen Edges refer to hotspots on the edge of the screen , each of which is programmable with one of sixteen options and activated by moving the cursor or a window towards them .
To use screen edges , open the main menu and click System Settings | Workspace Behavior | Screen Edges . At the top of the settings window is a diagram showing the approximate location of the hot spots : three on the left and right sides of the screen , and another two in the center top and bottom . To program a hot spot , right-click on it in the diagram , and select one of the fourteen options .
The options fall into three categories . The first is general navigation , such as Show Desktop , which minimizes all open windows so you can find the desktop , or the self-explanatory Present Windows – All Applications or Present Windows – Current Applications , which is useful for applications like GIMP that open in multiple windows . Another option shows the Desktop Grid , an overview similar to GNOME 's , that displays all Activities together .
The second category of choices is toggles for cycling through open windows , such as Toggle Window Switching . The third are variants of popular desktop effects , that display windows on three dimensional shapes , such as a cube , cylinder , or sphere . As you might expect , the 3D options work only if your graphics card supports hardware acceleration , and are otherwise grayed out .
Below the diagram are three additional options . One maximizes a window dragged to the top of the screen . Another tiles windows dragged to the side of the screen , and the third switches to another desktop . Why these options are not incorporated into the diagram is uncertain , but they are useful additions all the same .
These options take a while to choose , and with fourteen options and only eight hot spots , you can not use all of them at the same time . Experiment with the setting window open , making changes then clicking the Apply button so you can try them . However , a little common sense is useful .
Few people are likely to want all eight hot spots enabled simply because they would be accidentally activating one or another of them all the time . Choose two or three that fit with your work habits , and stay with them . For example , I do n't use the setting to maximize windows that touch the top edge , because I like to position windows exactly and would be always maximizing windows accidentally — usually , just after I had positioned them .
Hot spots can also be accidentally activated if placed in the same position as the panel or desktop toolkit . That means that if you have a panel at the bottom of the screen , your configured hotspots should be at the top .
As I write , only Cinnamon has borrowed the concept of hotspots , and it offers fewer configuration choices than KDE . Other leading desktop environments seem to have ignored them altogether , even though they are a simple and effective way to navigate the desktop — second , perhaps , only to keyboard shortcuts . They remain one of the options that make KDE so appealing for those who like to customize .
Cover Image : Hand and Light by By Jamierodriguez37 for Morguefile.com
Detectives are asking for the public 's help to identify two women murdered 35 years ago . Gordon Tokumatsu reports for the NBC4 News at 5 and 6 p.m. on Sept. 30 , 2015 . ( Published Wednesday , Sept. 30 , 2015 )
The identity of a suspect in a decades-old cold case involving the slayings of two women in Southern California was released Wednesday as investigators continue to search for clues regarding the victims .
In 2012 , investigators used DNA to match Wilson Chouest , 63 , of Lemoore to the slayings . The identity of the suspect , currently serving a life sentence for unrelated rape , robbery and kidnapping convictions , was announced Wednesday by investigators who are still attempting to identify the victims .
One of the victims , a young mother in their 20s , was stabbed to death in Kern County . A second woman was found dead a few days later at Westlake High School . The victim found in Westlake was 5-months pregnant with a son .
`` This killer left behind a silent witness , '' said Ventura County Undersheriff Gary Pentis .
Victim IDs Remain a Cold Case Mystery
Investigators are asking for help in identifying two cold case murder victims whose bodies were found in 1980 . Gordon Tokumatsu reports for the NBC4 News at Noon on Wednesday Sept. 30 , 2015 ( Published Wednesday , Sept. 30 , 2015 )
The DNA was collected from one of the victim 's clothing and under their fingernails , Prentis said .
`` Just getting the DNA is not enough . You have to prove that they were the killer as we , '' Det . Joe Evans said .
In an effort to identify the victims and notify family members , the Ventura County Sheriff 's Department released morgue photos of the women Wednesday .
`` Somewhere there was a child in 1980 where their mother did n't come home , and we want to bring closure to the family , '' Pentis said .
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES : Ventura County Cold Case Jane Doe | Kern County Cold Case Jane Doe
Chouest was recently arrested in connection with the 1980 slayings . They were scheduled for parole in 2017 , Pentis said .
“ Jungle raj ” is not a trend created by fake twitter handles . It is also not a metaphor fabricated by the intellectuals sitting inside the TV studios . It is the raw emotion which conceals the fear of ‘ hunt or get hunted ' . Everyone living in Bihar in the 1990s has their own way to define those dreadful years . I prefer to choose below lines written by the novelist China Mieville to word my emotion :
“ In the deepest places , where physical norms collapse under the crushing water , bodies still fall softly through the dark , days after their vessels have capsized . They decay on their long journey down . Nothing will hit the black sand at the bottom of the world but algae-covered bones ”
Jungle raj is associated with the state of utter lawlessness in Bihar during the tenure of Lalu Yadav and their wife Rabri Devi . There was a nexus of politicians , government officials , business people and other entities . The whole nexus was end to end tied on by the notorious criminals who used to keep checks and balances . Mohammad Shahabuddin was one of such criminals .
Murders happen usually everywhere in the world . Nature kills people , diseases kill people even Judiciary kills people . However , the sheer ruthlessness by which Shahabuddin used to execute these murders was horrendous . One such example was the murder of 9 JD ( U ) workers in Siwan immediately after 2004 general election results . In spite of the fact that Shahabuddin won the election by more than 1 lac votes , the close associates of the nearest candidate Om Prakash Yadav of JD ( U ) were murdered only for putting a credible fight . A report by the People 's union for civil liberties stated : “ The patronage and defacto immunity from legal action offered to them by the RJD government gradually made them a law unto themselves giving them an aura of invincibility . Shahabuddin 's reign of terror was so complete that nobody dared depose against them in cases in which they were an accused . ”
After the 2005 Bihar election , When National Democratic Alliance came to the power in Bihar , Nitish Kumar set up a number of special courts for trying criminal Dons .
Out of 34 criminal cases pending against him , Shahabuddin was awarded life sentence for the kidnapping and murder of two brothers in Siwan .
With the conviction of criminals like Shahabuddin and improving law and order of the state under NDA govt , the horror of Jungle Raj was gradually fading in People 's memory .
The win of RJD- led Mahagathbandhan in 2015 state election in Bihar with RJD emerging as the largest party sent some very cold signals in the social circles of Bihar . Even though Nitish was proposed as the leader of the alliance , everyone knew where the actual control would be . Lalu cleared their intention by appointing their son as Deputy chief Minister .
One of the other things Lalu did follow this win which did n't see much traction in the media was the elevation of Shahabuddin in RJD ranks . Shahabuddin was included in the RJD 's national executive committee along with Rabri Devi , Tejashwi Yadav , Misa Bharti & Tej Pratap Yadav . Shahabuddin 's elevation in the RJD clearly underlined that the Don may be barred from contesting election but they will continue to be in power . The criminals who were feeling empowered after Mahagathbandhan 's win in state election took it as the morale booster . The dreaded and lost criminal-politician nexus in Bihar was set the tone for revival . The recent back to back murders are the testimony to that .
The murdered journalist , Rajdeo Ranjan had over 20 years of experience in journalism and was the district bureau chief of the most popular daily ‘ Hindustan ' in Bihar . In recent times , there were at least four news reports which Rajdeo had published against Shahabuddin . The latest was the leaking of the picture where Bihar Minister Abdul Gafoor was seen dining with Shahabuddin inside the Siwan jail in March this year . Just a couple of days before being killed , Ranjan had filed a news report on how police have taken remand of Shahabuddin 's sharp shooter “ Chawanni Singh ” to make headway in one of the murder cases .
“ The fineness and professionalism through which Rajdeo was murdered clearly state the involvement of a professional gang , ” said Siwan SP . Two people who worked for the former Siwan MP had been detained by the police . The police are further investigating the role of Shahabuddin in the alleged murder .
While the killing of Aditya Sachdeva in Gaya for the trivial reason of overtaking a politician 's son speaks volume about the Gunda-Raaj prevailed in the state , the killing of a journalist Rajdeo Ranjan in Siwan indicates the emerging pattern of Jungle-Raaj . The return of Shahabuddin at the helm of affairs in RJD and following that the attack on the journalist who was on the hit list of the Don in broad daylight undertones the helplessness of Nitish Kumar as a chief minister .
The unique selling point for criminals during Jungle- Raaj was to instill fear in the common masses in such a way that they did not dare to raise their voice against the crimes . The systemic elimination of dissidents used to give the free run to the criminals who were blessed by their political bosses . The recent murder of the Journalist is on the similar lines . The fear is gripping Bihar and Shahabuddin is all set to play the lead role again .
http : //indiatoday.intoday.in/story/journalist-rajdeo-ranjan-murder-shhabuddin-shifted-to-bhagalpur-central-jail/1/671849.html
( CN ) — A man convicted of drunkenly driving their motorized wheelchair should be considered a pedestrian rather than a driver , the Oregon Court of Appeals ruled Thursday , reversing and acquitting him .
James Richard Greene was charged with DUI in Lincoln County , for a 2012 incident in which they hit the side of a moving truck while they crossed the street in a crosswalk . Lincoln is a coastal county whose seat is Newport .
Greene was injured in the collision , and pleaded not guilty to DUI .
At their two-day jury trial , Greene 's attorney moved for acquittal , calling Greene a pedestrian and not a driver .
Judge Paulette Sanders denied the motion . Greene appealed and on Thursday the three-judge panel reversed , concluding that “ the trial court erred in denying defendant 's motion for a judgment of acquittal . ”
“ We are persuaded that the dichotomy that pervades the vehicle code between pedestrians and operators of vehicles decisively evinces a legislative intention not to subject people in motorized wheelchairs to the DUII statutes when they are traveling as pedestrians in crosswalks , ” Presiding Judge Rex Armstrong wrote for the unanimous panel .
“ We conclude that a person using a motorized wheelchair under circumstances in which the person is a pedestrian for purposes of the vehicle code is not subject to the DUII statutes . ”
Nonetheless , the appeals court found the state 's interpretation of the DUI statute “ plausible , ” because of the broad way “ vehicle ” can be interpreted . But it concluded that the Legislature did not intend to treat a person as both a pedestrian and a driver , and Greene was not subject to the vehicle code .
Greene , now 60 , pleaded guilty to a DUI charge a decade ago in Lincoln County , according to electronic court records .
In a number of states , including Oregon , a person can be charged with DUI for riding a bicycle , boat , or other vehicle while drunk or high .
Last year , a Georgia man was cited for DUI after they backed their Rascal scooter into a Kroger store and knocked over plants . They told police that they had taken Valium , trazadone and drank a pint of alcohol , according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution .
And in 2009 , police arrested an Amish man in Pennsylvania for DUI after finding them asleep in a moving horse buggy .
Judge Armstrong was joined on the panel by Judges James Egan and Roger DeHoog .
Greene was represented on appeal by Deputy Public Defender Sarah Laidlaw and Chief Defender Peter Gartlan .
Like this : Like Loading ...
( Reuters ) - Facebook Inc founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg will sell 41.4 million shares worth about $ 2.3 billion to pay a tax bill , as part of an offering by the social network of 70 million Class A common shares .
Facebook shares , which have doubled in value this year , were down 4 percent at $ 53.54 before the bell .
Zuckerberg 's sale will reduce their voting power to 56.1 percent from 58.8 percent , the company said in a filing on Thursday .
Facebook said it expects Zuckerberg to use most of the net proceeds from the sale to satisfy taxes related to the exercise of an option to buy 60 million Class B shares .
Each Class A share is entitled to one vote , while Class B shares are entitled to 10 votes and are convertible at any time into one Class A share .
Board member Marc Andreessen will also sell 1.65 million Class A shares , while Facebook will sell 27 million .
J.P. Morgan , BofA Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley and Barclays are joint bookrunners for the offering .
Man Utd have agreed a £75m fee for Everton 's Romelu Lukaku
All you need to know about Romelu Lukaku 's potential big-money move from Everton to Manchester United .
On Thursday , we reported Manchester United had agreed a £75m fee with Everton to sign Romelu Lukaku , according to Sky sources .
Here , Sky Sports News HQ 's James Cooper explains how the story unfolded - and what impact it will have on another United target , Alvaro Morata of Real Madrid ...
James Cooper explains the latest on the talks between Manchester United and Everton over striker Romelu Lukaku James Cooper explains the latest on the talks between Manchester United and Everton over striker Romelu Lukaku
Manchester United have had a £75m offer for Everton 's Romelu Lukaku accepted . How long has this deal been in the making ?
I was told this deal has been weeks in the making . It is n't just something they 've swooped on today or this week .
Jose Mourinho gave executive vice-chairperson Ed Woodward their transfer wish list at the start of May and there were four options for each of the four or five positions they wanted to improve . What I 'm told is that , from the word go , Lukaku was the number one target for the striker berth .
I think everybody else assumed Lukaku going to Chelsea was a done deal and that allowed them to go about their work under the radar , without anybody even thinking it was possible .
Man Utd say they have ended their interest in Alvaro Morata
However , Lukaku told my colleague Gary Cotterill last month they knew where they were going , and it seems like the deal was at a fairly advanced stage even then .
When do you expect the Lukaku deal to be completed ?
Manchester United 's players return to the club for testing on Saturday . They then go on to Los Angeles on Sunday for pre-season , with open training on Monday and double sessions all next week .
But , in some ways the pressure is n't on to get them in for that . They have friendlies against LA Galaxy and Real Salt Lake before they play Manchester City , Real Madrid and Barcelona . They 'd ideally like to have them for the three major games .
Of course , if they can get them in before the weekend that would be great - but it wo n't make too much difference .
United were heavily linked with Real Madrid 's Alvaro Morata , why did they prefer the Lukaku option ?
There have been talks and negotiations about Morata but I think the sort of fees being talked about , even United were baulking at those figures .
Lukaku has proven they can score goals - and lots of them - in the Premier League , whereas Morata might be something of a gamble .
Lukaku 's agent Mino Raiola also represents Paul Pogba , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan
If you take the goals Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored out of the equation and you ca n't replace them , you 've got a problem . United clearly feel confident Lukaku can fulfil that role .
So will the purchase of Lukaku end United 's interest in Morata ?
Manchester United are telling me Morata is no longer of interest . But games do get played at this stage . I 'm only second guessing here , but it may be that United feel they have been quoted too much for him .
By saying they have ended their interest and bringing in Lukaku , they have put the ball back in Real Madrid 's court in terms of Morata . If Real Madrid want to sell a player who wo n't be a regular in their first team , they will have to lower their asking price .
Mino Raiola is Lukaku 's agent , and they now have a number of key players at Old Trafford . How important is they in the process ?
The common denominator in almost all the deals Mourinho has done at United , is Mino Raiola , the agent of Lukaku .
Man Utd have agreed a £75m fee for Everton 's Romelu Lukaku
Raiola looks after Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Paul Pogba - the three major deals United did last summer . The club have invested an awful lot of money in their players and Ed Woodward will be confident they can get another top player through him .
On the other hand , there 's probably a great deal of gratitude on Raiola 's part , after they made so much money out of the three deals last year . They probably owe United one ! Raiola and United will probably enjoy doing business together , the lines of communication will already exist .
A new analysis of NASA satellite data reveals that it will take about 11 trillion gallons of water ( 42 cubic kilometers ) , which is about 1.5 times the maximum volume of the largest reservoir in the USA , to recover from California 's continuing drought . Cool , no big deal .
More from the presentation by NASA scientists Dec. 16 at the American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco :
A team of scientists led by Jay Famiglietti of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , used data from NASA 's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ( GRACE ) satellites to develop the first-ever calculation of this kind -- the volume of water required to end an episode of drought .
Earlier this year , at the peak of California 's current three-year drought , the team found that water storage in the state 's Sacramento and San Joaquin river basins was 11 trillion gallons below normal seasonal levels . Data collected since the launch of GRACE in 2002 show this deficit has increased steadily .
`` Spaceborne and airborne measurements of Earth 's changing shape , surface height and gravity field now allow us to measure and analyze key features of droughts better than ever before , including determining precisely when they begin and end and what their magnitude is at any moment in time , '' Famiglietti said . `` That 's an incredible advance and something that would be impossible using only ground-based observations . ''
GRACE data reveal that , since 2011 , the Sacramento and San Joaquin river basins decreased in volume by four trillion gallons of water each year ( 15 cubic kilometers ) . That 's more water than California 's 38 million residents use each year for domestic and municipal purposes . About two-thirds of the loss is due to depletion of groundwater beneath California 's Central Valley .
In related results , early 2014 data from NASA 's Airborne Snow Observatory indicate that snowpack in California 's Sierra Nevada range was only half of previous estimates . The observatory is providing the first-ever high-resolution observations of the water volume of snow in the Tuolumne River , Merced , Kings and Lakes basins of the Sierra Nevada and the Uncompahgre watershed in the Upper Colorado River Basin .
Ontario Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown sent voters in an upcoming Scarborough byelection a reminder that they have vague suspicions about sex education , because it turns out that they can be distracted by shiny objects .
“ Upon being elected , a PC government would scrap the ‎controversial changes to sex-ed introduced by Premier Kathleen Wynne , ” Brown 's letter said . It was n't exactly secret , nor exactly public : an email sent out widely , addressed to “ parents ” in general , but not posted to the party website or anything .
Scarborough-Rouge River 's byelection is on Thursday . The Liberals won the riding in the last general election with veteran politician Bas Balkissoon carrying their banner ; they resigned suddenly a few months ago , and although he 'd been the MPP for a decade their share of the vote had dwindled . The Tories and New Democrats both smell opportunity . Their leaders , Brown included , have been campaigning hard for their candidates ( they 've got Doug Ford , Rob 's meaner brother , running city councillor Raymond Cho 's campaign because a lot of Ford Nation lives in Scarborough ) and Brown must figure that goosing the social-conservative vote in an immigrant-heavy Toronto suburb will help put Cho over the top .
Brown 's always walked a careful line on the sex-education curriculum . As they say in the letter , they want to rewrite it with more input from parents , which is pretty much what he 's always said . People read into that what they want .
Related
You 'll recall that the curriculum , following years of work and consultations and everything else you 'd expect , was supposed to go into effect in 2010 . Then-premier Dalton McGuinty pulled it after socially conservative activists objected that the sex-education parts talked about sex in ways they did n't like . Premier Kathleen Wynne brought it back , with trifling changes , and schools used it starting last year .
The things some people object to — mentions of non-vanilla sexual acts , for instance , and of teenagers doing them — come up exclusively in the context of warning about their dangers . Anal sex appears one time in the 245-page document , on a list of ways you can catch diseases like HIV . Talk of gender identity , say , is through lists of things you might be tempted to bully somebody about , not of things every tween should experiment with .
It 's a reasonable , even conservative , document . In one word , its message about sex is “ Don't. ” Even people who fear Kathleen Wynne and their fellow homosexual-agendists want to carry off their children ca n't point to anything real in the curriculum they 'd take out . The whole controversy over the curriculum is a fraud . Serious people would not engage in it .
But byelection turnouts are low , energizing your loyalists matters more than it does in a general election , poking the sex-education button is an easy rush , and Scarborough-Rouge River is such a sweet prize . Hence Brown 's letter .
The Liberals fired off a base-activating campaign of their own , criticizing Brown as a flip-flopper while implying that he 's not interested in “ keeping Ontario 's kids healthy and safe. ” Hard-edged social conservative or floppy-principled grasper — whichever bugs you more , that 's what they want you to think they are .
The Liberals are n't novices , but if Brown 's fallen to short-term thinking , they might have learned it by watching them . Wynne and their people meddled in a byelection in Sudbury to give New Democrat MP Glenn Thibeault their nomination over a competent local Liberal . They got to poke the NDP in the eye at the cost of permanently damaging Wynne 's reputation for decency . Dumb .
Less harmfully , but still stupidly , the Liberals invested in trying to win the Tory seat in Whitby-Oshawa that opened when the Progressive Conservatives ' former leader-in-waiting Christine Elliott resigned to take a government appointment . Now-MPP Lorne Coe handed them their butts , winning a bigger share of the vote for the Tories than Elliott ever did .
Here 's the thing : You can tell how people will govern by the way they practise politics . Kathleen Wynne is competitive to a fault , a quality often useful in their line of work but dangerous because it can make you lose perspective . An opposition leader who can play a long game could outwork , outwait and outwit them Instead , we get Doug Ford and weaseling on sex education .
That 's all a problem for Brown politically . It 's a bigger problem for Ontarians , who might like a government run by people who can think beyond the end of the week .
dreevely @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
Following numerous ups and downs for the Ducati Team in the first half of the 2014 season , motogp.com caught up with the Italian manufacturer 's MotoGP Project Director Paolo Ciabatti to gauge their opinion on the year so far .
They commented : “ It has been quite a good season in terms of results because we 've had two podium finishes . Dovi was third in Austin and second a couple of weeks ago in Assen . So scoring some good results and is actually standing fourth in the championship , which is good .
“ On the other side , Cal had a lot of bad luck with technical problems , with the crash . And also their feeling with the bike is not so good at the moment , so we are trying to help them to understand better the bike and show their potential , because we think Cal is a great rider , but so far they have n't really been able to show that they can ride fast a Ducati . ”
Much talk had been about the improvements on the notoriously tough-to-handle Desmosedici since the arrival of technical guru Luigi Dall'Igna .
“ Gigi joined the company last year in Valencia , so at the beginning of November . So obviously the GP14 was basically already designed as a bike . But Gigi brought some ideas , we made a lot of changes , some changes we can not really see on the bike…but also working on software , and other features of the bike . The bike has improved .
“ Obviously we still have this under-steering problem , and probably to solve that we need to work a little bit harder in terms of engine design and position of engine in the frame . It 's not up to me to say exactly what we should do . We 're both working on the new bike , the GP15 for next year , but we will bring also a big improvement on the GP14 in the second part of the season . ”
With regards to their expectations for the second half of the year , Ciabatti concluded : “ On some tracks I think we can be quite competitive , also in dry conditions . Obviously we will not be so sad if it 's raining on a Sunday , because our bike has proven to be quite competitive in rainy conditions . And as far as Cal is concerned obviously we want to help them get the confidence on the bike because we know once they can get the confidence they will push hard and will be close to the other riders . ”
If you are going to make a graphic movie poster why bother be as simple as possible when you can fill up the whole area with colorful design ?
That is obviously what Canadian graphic designer Emma Butler thought of when they started to make posters that is opposite of the minimalist ones which are very hip nowadays , like these pictographic movie posters for example . They have represented movies like Forrest Gump , Top Gun , Back To The Future and Might Duck by illustrating recognizable props on the poster . They have tried to fill up every possible space , so it will be more interesting for the viewers to carefully look at the props and guess the movie even if it 's fairly easy especially if you 've already seen the films . Butler wanted to step out of from the trend and make something unique and I can say that they did an awesome job .
Deliver powerful automated movie options with Adobe Premiere elements 9 . Run on a Microsoft operating system for efficiency .
Do n't forget to check out :
On Feb.16 , the Syrian Arab Army ( SAA ) in coordination with Hezbollah and the National Defense Forces ( NDF ) liberated the village of Misqan in northern Aleppo following a heavy firefight with the militants operating in the area , mostly members of Al-Nusra and Harakat Ahrar Al-Sham terrorist groups .
The Kurdish YPG units and their allies seized the rebel stronghold of Tal Rifa . Earlier , the YPG cut the road between the towns of Tall-Rifaa and Azaz . The Kurdish has established a fire control of the road with sniper and mortar fire .
The YPG also launched a military opertion in the Aleppo 's district of Al-Hillak . According to reports , the operation was conducted from the YPG positions at Sheikh Maqsoud . Now , the clashes are ongoing inside Al-Hillak . This draws attention of the terrorists already involved in heavy clashes against the government 's forces in the district of Bustan Al-Pasha .
Meanwhile , the SAA secured the Thermal Power Plant located in eastern Aleppo . Now , the SAA units are securing the area and cleaning it from IEDs planted by terrorists . The Thermal Power Plant has a key value because it is able to provide a significant electricity supplies to the city .
The Turkish army continued to hit Kurdish militia targets in Syria for the third day in a row Feb.15 . Turkish Prime Minister Ahmed Davutoglu said Ankara will not allow the town of Azaz in northern Syria to fall to the Kurdish YPG forces and promised the “ harshest reaction , ” if the group attempts to re-take the city . Thus , al Nusra , ISIS and other terrorist groups have got a significant artillery support in Northern Syria which will likely stop advances against terrorists in a few of directions .
Support South Front ! PayPal : [ email protected ] or via : http : //southfront.org/donate/ or via : https : //www.patreon.com/southfront
5 Osama Bin Laden Ruled the Volleyball Court
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Osama Bin Laden hates America . They hate everything about it : The sacrilegious freedoms we enjoy , our arrogant politics , the way America snorts when it laughs . You know this already ; you 've probably seen their Vlogs . They just hates America so fucking much , they loathe every fiber of its black , accursed soul ... well , except for volleyball . That shit 's awesome .
We 're not making this up ; stories of Bin Laden 's volleyball prowess come from insiders like their former bodyguard , Nasser al-Bahri .
So why is America 's number one enemy also the number one fan of the homoerotic near-orgy from Top Gun ? Maybe their love for volleyball is the one exception that proves the rule , or maybe it 's actually the cause for their hatred ; a bitter jealousy at all of our immaculate beaches and regulation nets coming from a dude stuck in a low-ceilinged cave using old clotheslines . Or perhaps , just perhaps , the 6 ' 4 Arab guy in a country where rural villagers think fun is forbidden by God is predisposed to dominate the crap out of that sport .
You might say he 's `` built for the game . ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Oh , and throw in the fact that Mohammed Atef , the former chief of Al-Qaeda , also used to be a star volleyball player , but was n't allowed to play on the same team as Osama because they were just that good , and we think the United States ' next move is clear : Stage a fake volleyball competition , and arrest the unnaturally skilled giant with the fake beard ( over their regular beard ) .
Originally published November 13 , 2014 at 6:00 PM | Page modified November 14 , 2014 at 5:44 AM
Robert Swift , a former Seattle Sonic who disappeared after injuries ended their pro basketball career , was charged Thursday with illegal possession of a short-barreled shotgun . Police also found a grenade launcher .
Robert Swift , a former Seattle Sonic who disappeared after injuries and misfortune ended their professional basketball career , was charged Thursday with illegal possession of a sawed-off shotgun found by police during a raid last month on the home of their roommate , an alleged drug dealer .
Swift , 28 , was arrested last month after police targeted their roommate , an alleged dealer of heroin and methamphetamines , and seized drugs , guns and a grenade launcher from the Kirkland home the two men were sharing , according to the charging documents filed in King County Superior Court .
Prosecutors said Swift had moved into the home of 54-year-old Trygve Bjorkstam , after Swift lost their home to foreclosure earlier this year .
Prosecutors say police found a sawed-off shotgun and a military-style grenade launcher in Swift 's bedroom during an Oct. 4 raid on Bjorkstam 's home .
Swift was charged Thursday with illegal possession of a short-barreled shotgun . Bjorkstam , who is currently facing federal drug and gun charges , reportedly told police that Swift was a “ good guy ” who tried to help them collect a drug debt but did not deal drugs himself .
Bail for Swift , who was not in custody on Thursday afternoon , was set at $ 20,000 . They are scheduled to be arraigned on Nov. 26 .
The 7-foot-tall Swift was the 12th pick in the 2004 NBA draft and joined the Sonics as an 18-year-old brimming with potential , but was out of the league after earning $ 10 million and playing just 97 games .
An attempt at a comeback playing for the Tokyo Apache , a basketball team in the top Japanese league , ended in 2011 when a devastating earthquake and tsunami hit Japan and ended the Apache 's season and Swift 's career .
Christine Clarridge can be reached at cclarridge @ seattletimes.com or 206-464-8983 .
Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times . Try it now !
CHICAGO—Andrew Harrison did n't like the questions . Why would he ? For weeks , Harrison and their twin brother , Aaron , Kentucky 's starting backcourt the last two seasons , have been asked why they did n't return for a third . Draft projections have been consistent : At best , Andrew , the point guard , was a late first round pick ; most likely , both would go somewhere in the second round .
So with two years of eligibility left , why take the risk ? Why not go back to UK , improve and come out next year ?
Theories abound . One : Family pressure .
“ No family pressure at all , ” Andrew said last month at the NBA draft combine . “ I just felt like I was ready . I felt I accomplished what I wanted to in the college game . I matured over the two years and I felt I was ready . I felt I was the best point guard in the draft . ”
Said Aaron , “ I was ready to do all this and move on . ”
Another : Minutes . Both Harrison 's saw diminished playing time last season . Next season , with Tyler Ulis already on board and high school star Isaiah Briscoe set to join him , those minutes could be cut even further . It 's life at Kentucky : For many , it 's play well , win , and move on . For those that are not one-and-done , every year after is a fight to stay in the rotation .
Was that a factor ?
“ No , ” Andrew said .
Never thought about it ?
“ No , ” Andrew said . “ Never . ”
Few fringe first round picks have been as polarizing as the Harrisons . Blue chip prospects in high school , the twins did n't expect Kentucky to be much more than a pit stop . “ I sent them to Kentucky because I think it 's the best system to play basketball , ” the father , Aaron Harrison Sr. , told SI in 2013 . “ Let 's not sugarcoat it and say they are going to be doctors . ”
But something happened at UK . Flaws became more focused . Weaknesses were exposed . They played in big games . They made big shots . But NBA scouts never saw a furthering of the lottery-level hype they had in high school .
The Kentucky spotlight became a blessing and a curse . Body language became scrutinized . Every scowl was presented as proof of a poor attitude . There are few reasons to believe either Harrison is a problem . Teams that have researched them have come up with similar stories . Well liked by teammates . Respected by coaches . And yet a cloud seems to hover over them . “ If they went to Vanderbilt , no one would be talking about it , ” says a GM . “ They do play with a swagger . But it 's fascinating . They really do evoke hatred among some people . ”
There is a thin line between confidence and arrogance and , several league executives say , the Harrison 's walk it . “ Andrew 's interview [ at the combine ] was one of the worst we had , ” says a team executive . “ I wanted to like him . But they came across like we were bothering him . ”
Ultimately , of course , draft position is determined by talent . And through a series of draft workouts—some of which will continue into this week—team officials remain unsure about the Harrison 's future . Andrew is generally considered the brighter prospect . He 's a 6 ' 6 ” point guard in a league with a growing number of super-sized playmakers with a solid midrange game . Athleticism , or a lack of it , is an oft-cited criticism , as is their three-point range . “ He 's poised and better than I thought they would be , ” says an Eastern Conference coach . “ But I 'm still not sure where they fit in the draft . ”
Aaron is even more questionable . Teams love their fearlessness—who can forget the three game winners they made in the 2014 NCAA tournament—but poor three-point shooting numbers last season ( 31.6 % ) have scouts uneasy about their future . “ To me , he 's a late second round pick , ” says another GM . “ And it would n't surprise me if they go undrafted . ”
To their credit , the Harrison 's appear impervious to skeptics . At the combine , Andrew declared that they were the best player in the draft ; Aaron said the brothers were the top guard prospects . Criticism only seems to fuel them .
“ We really do think we 're the best guards in the draft , ” Aaron said . “ We both have chips on our shoulders . ”
The NBA 's No . 1 draft picks in the lottery era
What Are the Staple Foods of Russia ?
When anyone thinks of Russian food , they probably think of potatoes and pot roast , carrots and the simple rustic foods . However , Russian foods have actually become part of the American diet . We just do n't realize their origin . Think of beef Stroganoff , blintzes , caviar , kasha or pyrohi -- all Russian dishes that most of us have eaten or heard of before . There are many variations of Russian foods because of its large land mass and the many smaller countries that line its borders .
History
Russian Women Peasants
Tracing back through Russian history will bring you ultimately to the mention of the Slavs who spread across the region . They were the original settlers of the land and are the ancestors of the Russians , Croatians , Bulgarians , Belorussians and Ukrainians , and the other Russian cultures surrounding the area . Much of the food and cuisines of these different societies have their basis from this early civilization .
Identification
Russian Caviar
Sit down to a tasting of different Russian foods and you will quickly realize that meats , cheeses and other dairy products are the roots of their cooking . Their culture was basically one main meal a day and the food was very high in calories and heavy , probably so it would last them through the day . Meats were relatively cheap and easy to purchase . If their food groups were listed as we do here in the United States , they would be potatoes , bread , eggs , meat and butter , and in that order of importance . Since Russia has so many rivers and lakes , almost everyone has access to fish , which is also very popular in their cuisine as part of the meat category .
Benefits
Cold Russians in Winter Coats
Eat a Russian meal and you will be filled with enough calories for a week . The reason for their high-calorie content is simple -- it is usually very cold and windy in Russia . Most of Russia has only two seasons , winter and summer , with some areas that never thaw out . Their foods are the hearty foods that would stay with you and cause you to have a layer of fat to protect you from the bitter cold .
Considerations
Russian Cuisine Vegetables
Growing crops in Russia takes special considerations . Most of the land has no precipitational influence from the oceans and therefore does not get a considerable amount of rain . There are small areas in the south along the Pacific Ocean that are almost subtropical , but most of the land is very dry and windblown . Vegetables that are grown to be used in their cuisine are hardy vegetables that can withstand some cold temperatures , like cabbage , onions , beets and turnips , as well as quick-growing leafy crops like spinach and kale . Of course , with modern transportation , most any kind of vegetable can be purchased today .
Features
Russian Vodka
Enjoying a good Russian meal almost always means the inclusion of vodka . Potatoes are one of the most important crops growing in the cold regions and providing the basis for this popular drink . However , it was not always this way . Vodka was a pretty rough drink , made at home by the peasants and distilled crudely . It was added to milk and flavored with various herbs and spices . When the Bolsheviks took over all the privately owned distilleries , some of the Russian vodka makers left the country and moved to Europe . One such man by the name of Smirnoff moved to Paris in the 1930s . They were responsible for opening a distillery in the U.S. with the help of another Russian . However , it was not until the 1960s and '70s when mixed drinks became popular that vodka became a hugely successful liquor in the U.S .
Image caption Vostok station is one of the most difficult places to work on Earth
Russian scientists are reporting success in their quest to drill into Lake Vostok , a huge body of liquid water buried under the Antarctic ice .
It is the first time such a breakthrough has been made into one of the more than 300 sub-glacial lakes known to exist on the White Continent .
Researchers believe Vostok can give them some fresh insights into the frozen history of Antarctica .
They also hope to find microbial lifeforms that are new to science .
`` This fills my soul with joy , '' said Valery Lukin , from Russia 's Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute ( AARI ) in St Petersburg , which has been overseeing the project ,
`` This will give us the possibility to biologically evaluate the evolution of living organisms ... because those organisms spent a long time without contact with the atmosphere , without sunlight , '' they were quoted as saying in a translation of national media reports by BBC Monitoring .
The drilling project has taken years to plan and implement . The lake 's location in the heart of East Antarctic Ice Sheet is one of the most inhospitable places on Earth .
It is the place where thermometers recorded the lowest ever temperature on the planet - minus 89C on 21 July 1983 .
Vostok Station was set up by the Russians in 1956 , and their seismic soundings soon suggested there was an area of liquid underneath all the ice . However , it was only in the 1990s that British scientists , with the help of radar , were able to determine the full extent of the sub-glacial feature .
With an area of 15,000 square km and with depths reaching more than 800m , Lake Vostok is similar in size to Lake Baikal in Siberia or Lake Ontario in North America .
More than 300 such bodies of water have now been identified across Antarctica . They are kept liquid by geothermal heat and pressure , and are part of a vast and dynamic hydrological network at play under the ice sheet .
Some of the lakes are connected , and will exchange water . But some may be completely cut off , in which case their water may have been resident in one place for thousands if not millions of years . Russian researchers will try to establish just how isolated Lake Vostok has been . If it has been sealed then micro-organisms new to science are very likely to have evolved in the lake .
Nonetheless , there will be concerns about introducing contamination , and there have been criticisms of the methods used by the Vostok drilling team .
Vladimir Chuprov , from Greenpeace Russia , commented : `` There is a set of risks which can damage this relic lake and some of them are connected with polluting the lake with the drilling fluids , as well as other stuff that can get into this unique lake . ''
The drilling team counters that is has taken the necessary precautions .
The Vostok project is one of a number of similar ventures being undertaken on the White Continent .
The British Antarctic Survey ( Bas ) is hoping to begin its effort to drill into Lake Ellsworth in West Antarctica later this year . An American crew is targeting Lake Whillans , also in the West .
`` It is an important milestone that has been completed and a major achievement for the Russians because they 've been working on this for years , '' Professor Martin Siegert , the principal investigator on the Bas-Ellsworth project , said .
`` The Russian team share our mission to understand subglacial lake environments and we look forward to developing collaborations with their scientists and also those from the US and other nations , as we all embark on a quest to comprehend these pristine , extreme environments , '' they told AP .
The projects are of particular fascination to astrobiologists , who study the origins and likely distribution of life across the Universe .
Conditions in these Antarctic lakes may not be that different from those in the liquid water bodies thought to exist under the surfaces of icy moons in the outer Solar System .
Places like Europa , which orbits Jupiter , and Enceladus , which circles Saturn , may be among the best places beyond Earth to go to look for alien organisms .
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter
Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) , which wants to force crisis-hit countries such as Greece out of the single currency , looked likely to win its first seats in a west German parliament .
The AfD vote was hovering just above the 5 per cent threshold needed to win seats in parliament in initial projections based on a partial vote count .
The AfD made significant gains from Mrs Merkel 's Christian Democrats , who saw their share of the vote fall by a projected 5.9 per cent in one of their worst results in recent times .
Hamburg , one of three city states along with Berlin and Bremen , has been a fortress for the centre-left Social Demoracts since the Second World War , and the winner of the vote was never in doubt .
But this was the first time support for the AfD has been tested in a west German state , after it made striking gains in the less affluent east last year .
It is also the first election since the anti-Islam and anti-immigrant Pegida movement swept though the German political scene .
Unlike Eurosceptic parties in other countries , the AfD is not opposed to the EU , but wants an end to the single currency , starting with the expulsion of poorly performing economies like Greece .
AfD gains in Hamburg were not as dramatic as last year 's in Thuringia , where it won 12 per cent of the vote , or Brandenburg and Saxony , in each of which it won around 10 per cent .
Jörn Kruse of the AfD political party ( Getty )
“ I am pleased that we have entered parliament , ” the party 's local leader , Jörn Kruse , said . “ I am confident that the count will confirm what the forecast says . ”
There was good news for the Free Democrats , Germany 's closest equivalent to the Liberal Democrats , who were wipeed out in federal elections last year in a backlash against their coalition with Mrs Merkel 's Christian Democrats .
Projections saw the Free Democrats winning their first seats since that debacle , with around 7 per cent of the vote .
The Social Democrats lost their absolute majority , but looked set to dominate any coalition with 47 per cent .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers Double-A prospect Mike Olt is headed to the big leagues .
Olt , one of the club 's top minor league hitters and a player the club did not want to deal at the trade deadline , comes up to try to help give the offense a jolt . They take the place of Brandon Snyder on the 25-man roster and goes on the 40-man for Colby Lewis , who is out for the season following surgery to repair a torn flexor tendon in their elbow and is now on the 60-day disabled list .
“ We 've been looking to strengthen the bench and put our best club out there , ” general manager Jon Daniels said . “ Listening to our people , we feel like Mike can help with this team . We wanted to give Mike a chance . We feel like he 's earned it , and both our scouts and developmental staff all have recommended that this guy in a role can help [ manager Ron ] Washington and the club . ''
The infielder will arrive after the Rangers had one of their most dramatic wins of the season , showing plenty of life with the bats in making a big comeback in an 11-10 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday .
Olt , who turns 24 later this month , is hitting .287 with 27 homers and 81 RBIs for Double-A Frisco . They have a .973 OPS and is considered one of the top defensive third basemen in the game . Olt has played a few games in right field and at first base , although he 's primarily been at third .
They give Washington a right-handed bat , deepening the bench .
“ He 's a great kid , ” Michael Young said . “ We saw them a lot in spring training . We 're excited to have him . He 'll be in a position where they can help us out , hopefully have some good at-bats and get their feet wet in the big leagues . We 're looking forward to getting them here . ”
Aerodactylus ( meaning `` wind finger '' ) is a pterosaur genus containing a single species , Aerodactylus scolopaciceps , previously regarded as a species of Pterodactylus .
The fossil remains of this species have been found only in the Solnhofen limestone of Bavaria , Germany , dated to the late Jurassic Period ( early Tithonian ) , about 150.8–148.5 million years ago . Like all pterosaurs , the wings of Aerodactylus were formed by a skin and muscle membrane stretching from its elongated fourth finger to its hind limbs . It was supported internally by collagen fibres and externally by keratinous ridges . Several well preserved fossils have shown that Aerodactylus was covered in a short , dense coat of bristly pycnofibres , and that it had a rounded triangular crest on its head , as well as a backward-pointing lappet . It is named after the Pokémon Aerodactyl . [ 2 ] The validity of Aerodactylus has been disputed , with some pterosaur experts suggesting that none of the specimens referred to this genus are distinguishable from Pterodactylus . [ 3 ]
Description [ edit ]
Size of the largest known specimen ( MCZ 1505 ) compared with a human .
Restoration of the head .
Aerodactylus is known from six fossil specimens , and though all of them are juveniles , all preserve complete skeletons . [ 2 ] The discovery of several specimens with well-preserved soft tissue traces has allowed scientists to faithfully reconstruct the life appearance of Aerodactylus .
The skulls of Aerodactylus were long and narrow with about 64 teeth which were more crowded towards the jaw tips . The teeth extended back from the tips of both jaws , and the tooth row ended before the front of the nasoantorbital fenestra , the largest opening in the skull . [ 4 ] Unlike some related species , the skull and upper jaw was curved slightly upward , not straight . [ 5 ] A small , hooked beak was present in the very tips of the jaws , with both upper and lower hook no larger than the teeth that surrounded them . [ 6 ]
The neck was long , and covered in long , bristle-like pycnofibres . A throat pouch extended from about the middle of the lower jaw to the upper part of the neck . [ 7 ]
Aerodactylus , like related pterosaurs , had a crest on its skull composed mainly of soft tissues along the top of the skull . One specimen ( MCZ 1505 , the counter slab of BSP 1883 XVI 1 ) shows a roughly triangular soft tissue crest extending upward above the posterior half of the naso-antorbital fenestra and the eye ; the crest was 44 to 51 mm long ( around 38 to 45 % of the total length of the skull ) and reached a maximum height of 9,5 mm . [ 4 ]
Life restoration based on specimen MCZ 1505 , by Matthew Martyniuk .
Bennett ( 2013 ) noted that other authors claimed that the soft tissue crest of Pterodactylus extended backward behind the skull ; Bennett himself , however , did n't find any evidence for the crest extending past the back of the skull . [ 4 ] The back of the skull bore a small crest or `` lappet '' which pointed backward in a cone-shaped structure . The lappet was composed mainly of long , stiffened fibres twisted together in a spiral pattern inside a conical sheath of soft tissue . [ 7 ]
The wings were long , and the wing membranes appear to have lacked the furry covering of pycnofibres present in some other pterosaurs ( such as Pterorhynchus and Jeholopterus ) . The wing membrane extended between the fingers and toes as webbing , and a uropatagium ( secondary membrane between the feet and tail ) was present , as well as a propatagium ( membrane between the wrist and shoulder ) . [ 7 ] Both the finger and toe claws were covered in keratin sheaths that extended and curved into sharp hooks well beyond their bony cores . [ 6 ]
History and disputed status [ edit ]
Specimen preserving a soft-tissue head crest and lappet ( BSP 1883 XVI 1 ) .
In 1850 Hermann von Meyer described the specimen now known by its collection number BSP AS V 29 a/b as a new specimen of Pterodactylus longirostris . Pterodactylus longirostris is a junior synonym of Ornithocephalus antiquus , but Pterodactylus replaced Ornithocephalus through popular use . The specimen BSP AS V 29 a/b was discussed again in Meyer 's Fauna der Vorwelt [ 8 ] ( 1860 ) , this time under the name Pterodactylus scolopaciceps . Both Zittel and Wagner took exception to Meyer 's new species and it was synonymized with P. kochi in 1883 . [ 9 ] Broili [ 10 ] described a second specimen and used the name P. scolopaciceps , confident that it was a valid species . However , the name slipped into obscurity and Wellnhofer considered it a junior synonym of P. kochi . In 2013 P. kochi was reviewed by Bennet [ 4 ] and synonymised with P. antiquus . Vidovic and Martill [ 2 ] disagreed with the findings of Bennett [ 4 ] and considered the content of P. kochi to be paraphyletic . When Vidovic and Martill separated P. scolopaciceps from P. kochi they considered it so distinct they gave it the genus name Aerodactylus , formed from the Greek words for `` wind finger '' , but chosen in reference to the Nintendo Pokémon character Aerodactyl , which was based on an amalgamation of different pterosaurian features . [ 2 ]
In 2018 pterosaur researcher Christopher Bennett challenged the status of Aerodactylus on several grounds : 1 ) that the alleged skull features are only trivially different from those seen in Pterodactylus ; 2 ) that the specimens referred to Aerodactylus have an unusual growth regime compared to other Solnhofen pterodactyloids , suggesting that Vidovic and Martill [ 2 ] had grouped an unnatural assemblage of specimens ; and 3 ) that no evidence had been presented to rule out effects of preservation or individual variation on the slight differences between Aerodactylus and Pterodactylus [ 3 ] . Bennett concluded that Aerodactylus scolopaciceps is a junior synonym of Pterodactylus antiquus . [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
There has never been a better time to be the NFL . And , oh yeah , the opposite .
On one hand , it 's a marketing and money colossus , generating about $ 10 billion annually , with its eye on much more . Roger Goodell has set a goal of $ 25 billion in revenue by 2027 . ( Best not to think what a trip to the stadium with your friends—or a jersey for your son—will cost in a decade . ) And why not be ambitious ? The average value of a franchise grew 23 % last year .
On the other , it 's slow , ham-handed response to a variety of social and health issues ( player violence and concussions , in particular ) have called attention to significant risks that will remain even when the current crisis over abuse of women and children subsides .
The events of the past week-plus have called out those weaknesses and raise the question , `` Is this NFL Maximus ? ''
Well sure , says Scott Rosner , a sports business professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School .
`` The NFL sits perched on the mountaintop of sports today , '' they said . `` It 's the biggest sports league , by far .
`` Like any other business , you wonder how long it can stay there ? And there are examples of sports that were once No . 1 . Baseball was No . 1 , now it 's a distant No . 2 , and it 's been that way for 40 years now . ''
Rosner points out that boxing and horse racing were once the biggest sports in the country . Now , except for maybe seven days a year , they are virtually irrelevant to the national sports conversation . That lesson , that nothing stays the same forever , is not lost on the NFL .
`` Every day , the league is looking for ways to grow , '' they say , `` to stave off competition . ''
So , if the NFL is No . 1 , what should the NFL 's owners do about it ?
Here 's one , perhaps surprising , answer : Purchase Major League Soccer . Lock , stock , and shin guards . Right now .
To explain why the NFL would do this , let 's look at a very different business for some guidance .
Until the 1980s , selling cigarettes in the United States was a very lucrative thing , generating billions upon billions of dollars in profit . But the increasing awareness of the dangers of smoking starting in the 1970s led to an onslaught of lawsuits and ultimately to a settlement between Big Tobacco ( including R.J. Reynolds , Phillip Morris , and Lorillard ) and the U.S. government , in 1998 .
Big Tobacco agreed to pay nearly a quarter of a trillion dollars over 25 years ( and beyond ) to aid states in caring for the victims of smoking , as well as to pay for efforts to squelch any influx of new users .
That would have been a catastrophe if the cigarette makers had remained the companies they were in the '60s and '70s . But they were smarter than that , and they hedged against the eventual settlement by diversifying their holdings . Mostly , they bought into the food business .
In 1985 , RJR merged with Nabisco Brands and Phillip Morris bought General Foods ; in 1988 , Phillip Morris bought Kraft .
These acquisitions , financed with the billions in reserves that the companies had , kept them solvent—and profitable—even after the now highly regulated and closely watched cigarette business faltered and they started paying a collective $ 6 billion a year into the settlement .
And it put them in a business where their experience as marketers was valuable—though its effect on our collective waistlines might make you wish they 'd merely stuck that cash in a CD for the next 50 years .
Let 's not get carried away here . Cigarettes—and the companies that have traditionally sold them—are still around . In fact , you can buy them easily ( though CVS recently stopped selling all tobacco products ) and they will be for years . But their revenues have dropped greatly , and the industry has a $ 6 billion annual mortgage eating away its profits . The golden days , alas , are over ( and , cough-cough , good riddance ) .
So you might ask , what in the heck is the NFL supposed to take away from that mini-history lesson ? In a word , diversify .
Likewise , the NFL is not going anywhere ; it will be the most prominent , lucrative sports league in the United States for years to come .
But it 's possible that the NFL will never control a greater share of our discretionary dollars and fan goodwill than it does today . Because :
- it does n't have a new TV contract negotiation until 2022 . Media rights account for about half of that $ 10 billion annually , and that wo n't be changing markedly until then . Also , Rosner points out that oversaturation of media , TV especially , is a concern .
- it has already set aside $ 675 million to settle players claims regarding concussions , and relaxed the cap on that fund this summer , bowing to the realities of its exposure . How bad is their exposure ? Last week , a report commissioned by the players union claimed that NFL players have a 30 % chance of developing Alzheimer 's or dementia in their lives , about twice the national average . There are 5.2 million Alzheimer victims today , and the direct costs of caring for them in 2014 will be an estimated $ 214 billion . That 's more than $ 40,000 per person . ( According to the 2011 MetLife Mature Market Institute 's Survey of Long-Term Care Costs , the average cost of a semi-private room in a nursing home is $ 78,110 per year . Take that annual rate , multiply it by all the living players who have ever played in the NFL , multiply it by .3 , and you have one big number . )
- a 2013 ESPN report on youth football participation saw a 9.5 % decline between 2010 and 2012 . It was the biggest dropoff over two years since Pop Warner started tracking participation decades ago . Pop Warner 's chief medical officer , Dr. Julian Bailes , said the perceived risk of head injuries was `` the No . 1 cause '' of the decline .
- it has a persistent off-field violence problem that could very well cut into the 45 % of its fan base that are female—which is its clear differentiator from other pro sports leagues—as well as guys who ca n't stomach the off-field behavior and on-field risk that plays out before them on Sundays , and Mondays and Thursdays and Saturdays .
Each of the problems can be addressed . But taken together , it 's not unthinkable that the league 's popularity is at what the petroleum industry calls `` peak oil '' —the high point of production . If stadiums do n't sell out , if the best young athletes stop playing football and move to basketball , soccer , or baseball because their parents wo n't let them , if the NFL 's ability to attract a live TV audience diminishes even a little bit due to new viewing patterns … well then , the NFL could use a hedge to secure its ever-growing ambitions .
Luckily , there 's one right under their noses : Major League Soccer .
Once a financial basket case , MLS has been on a 6-year tear . Per-game attendance now surpasses that of the NBA and NHL . The league has 19 teams , will add two more next seasons , and plans to have 24 by 2020 . It has a new TV deal that tripled its annual revenue to $ 90 million annually ( $ 7 million more than NBC is paying for the rights to the English Premier League ) . The average value of franchises is now well over $ 100 million . That 's impressive , but , keep it in perspective ; according to Forbes ' annual rankings , the average NFL franchise is worth $ 1.43 billion .
What the MLS does n't have is a large television audience , elite marketing muscle , and big-league facilities in every market .
I wonder who could help with all that ?
Perhaps best of all , the MLS has a unique business structure . It 's a single entity , and team owners are investors . Think of them as franchisees , with control of their team 's operating rights . An acquisition could be relatively quick and painless . ( OK , not quick and painless . The NFL is not a single entity ; the league 's power resides with the team owners and they would need to sign on—and pony up billions—to make it happen . And then it would have to survive all sorts of scrutiny . But let 's play this out for a couple more minutes . )
Above all , it would be sensible—and potentially very profitable . It would provide the NFL with a new growth industry , in line with its expertise and without some of the constraints and issues of its main line of business ( concussions could become an MLS issue , but it 's unlikely to be as large an issue it is in football ; youth participation in soccer is n't an issue ) . It also internationalizes the portfolio , which Rosner says is one of the NFL 's biggest challenges .
`` In the world today , we can follow any team that plays anywhere in the world . Just look at the success of the English Premier League , '' they say . `` The NFL has played overseas , but it 's an area where they have struggled .
`` They 're on it , though , and in 10 years it 's likely you 'll have an expansion team , at least , in London . Growing internationally is a long-term proposition , and part of a much larger strategy to grow the business . ''
So imagine the interest in a U.S.-based soccer league that used NFL money to chase after the biggest stars in the game . Think international audiences would tune in ? Think there might be cross-sport promotions running during those telecasts to sell them on futbol Americano , too ?
For the MLS , being acquired would provide capital and access to world-class facilities and a marketing organization that could provide a playbook on how to grow a multi-billion-dollar sports league . It would be a booster rocket propelling the league a decade forward instantaneously .
From a business standpoint , the two very different leagues could reduce overhead for administration and facilities and open the doors to a world of `` bundled '' opportunities—for sponsors , advertisers , perhaps even a combined football-and-soccer cable channel that had no extended offseason .
Standing atop the sports world , and a goodly chunk of American popular culture and business , maybe the NFL does n't think it needs a hedge . And they might be right . But what if they 're wrong ? Do they want to be cornered into flagging or flat revenue growth by issues bigger than their flight attendantship of their game alone ?
They could do worse than to buy the upstart outdoors sports league with an organic global footprint , a complimentary schedule , and a lot of momentum behind it .
National Poll Findings
In September 2014 , RTC engaged leading Republican and Democratic pollsters to find out what likely 2016 voters for both parties really thought about the federal role in encouraging active transportation . The remarkable poll findings are an important tool for trail builders and supporters as they continue to fight back attacks against trail funding .
We encourage you to download the poll findings and additional resources below and to share them with supporters , opponents , decision-makers and the general public in your community . The Poll Summary – A handy two-page PDF with key findings and implications for policy-making
The Full Topline Survey – A deeper dive into the data
The Presentation – Created by the Republican and Democratic pollsters on survey highlights
The Press Release – A summary of the poll plus comments from RTC
The Webinar – Watch a webinar to learn more about the polling results and how you can use them and other RTC resources in your advocacy efforts .
Houston Prepares Now For Zika 's Potential Arrival This Summer
On March 10 , Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee held a news conference at the Good Neighbor Healthcare Center in the part of Houston they represent . The mayor and a bevy of other state and local officials stood behind them
`` What we 're doing here today is having an intense briefing on the Zika virus with health professionals , working with the mayor and the city of Houston , the state and the country , to formulate the kind of partnership that can respond immediately , '' said Jackson Lee , a Democrat .
Then they stepped aside , as the mayor , the assembled health officials and civic minded clergy all delivered a version of the same message : The Zika virus is coming to Houston , and we 'd better get ready .
To get a better idea why Houston is at particular risk , I met up with Peter Hotez . He 's dean for the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine .
Hotez says there are three elements that put Houston at risk for a Zika outbreak . The first is the steady influx of people from other countries .
`` Houston is a gateway city , '' says Hotez . `` We 're on the coast ; we 're not far from the Panama Canal . We 're an immigrant hub . ''
There 's also a major international airport . `` Every day there are hundreds and thousands of people coming from all over the world to Houston , '' they say . At least some of those people are likely carrying Zika , according to Hotez , whether they know it or not .
The second element is mosquitoes . In the summer , Houston is awash in Aedes aegypti . That 's the mosquito that can transmit Zika .
The third element is economic . `` I think one of the missing narratives that we 've not heard about Zika is that this is a disease of poverty , '' says Hotez .
To show me what they mean , we drive to a neighborhood called the Fifth Ward , just a few miles from the gleaming skyscrapers of downtown Houston . The area near the corner of Worms and New Orleans Streets is dotted with small , dilapidated wooden homes . There are few , if any , grocery stores or restaurants nearby .
Hotez says there are often piles of trash here , trash where water can pool and provide breeding grounds for Aedes aegypti .
Hotez points to a pile of tires . `` What happens , the water pools inside the tire well , '' they say . `` But the other thing that happens is that as the water sits for a time , some of the leaves get into that , and it kind of creates an organic soup that the mosquito larvae absolutely love . So as we move into the spring and summer months , these will be teeming with thousands of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes . ''
If this mosquito should happen to bite someone infected with Zika , and then bite someone else nearby , that second person will become infected . This is how the virus can spread through a neighborhood .
Now if you 're in a home with window screens and air conditioning , that 's one thing . But there are n't many homes like that around here .
`` We 're only a few feet from a house which has no window screens , '' says Hotez , `` So it 's the proximity of a house with no window screens , next to the discarded tires , next to the standing water that creates the perfect mix '' for spreading the virus .
Hotez says the point is American cities like Houston have quite a high concentration of poverty . They say it 's the poor who are the most exposed to mosquitoes , and therefore most vulnerable to mosquito-borne diseases .
City , county and state officials say they 'll do all they can to pick up trash where mosquitoes can breed . They say federal health officials are keeping watch at Houston 's international airport to make sure travelers who do show up with Zika are identified and treated .
But they 'll need residents ' help , both in clearing trash and seeking medical attention if they think they 've been exposed to the virus .
Hotez says these efforts may not stop Zika from hitting Houston , but they hope they will at least minimize its impact .
The PGA Tour will announce a 25-year agreement with Liberty National Golf Course on Tuesday , tour officials said , including plans to host the Presidents Cup at the eight-year-old Jersey City course in 2017 .
That makes Liberty National the fourth golf course in the United States to host the Presidents Cup , a team match-play competition that was established in 1994 as a biennial event pitting 24 of the world 's top golfers , 12 from the United States and 12 from around the world , against one another .
In addition , Liberty National will host as many as 10 other PGA tournaments over the course of the agreement . Liberty National served as the site of the Barclays tournament , the first of four tournaments in the FedEx Cup , in 2009 and 2013 .
“ The Presidents Cup has come so far in its relatively short history , ” said Tim Finchem , the PGA Tour commissioner . “ Seeing the world 's best players compete in this market , on this incredibly fantastic venue with such an amazing backdrop in 2017 , is something fans of this great game will never forget . ”
Are you a star engineer who 's a pro at using technology to solve complicated , real-world problems ? Are you looking for a place where your work will be highly visible and meaningful ? Then look more closely at Xetus , one of Silicon Valley 's most successful data management workflow and documentation technology firms . As a member of our development team , you 'll make a direct contribution to maintaining our existing services while expanding our product offerings to meet continually growing business opportunities . It 's an exciting , hands-on R & D position with responsibilities that span both industry research and product development .
Working Here
We wo n't kid anyone . The hours are long . But Xetus is a great company that really cares about its employees . We know each other well , and it 's a tight-knit team that often feels like family . Health and wellness are valued and supported , including access to a workout room . We 've even been known to participate in mud runs together . All this , plus a high level of autonomy . No micromanagement here .
OTTAWA – Canada has often been criticized for failing to pull its weight as a military partner in organizations like NATO because of its relatively low level of defence spending .
But it 's a weight problem of another kind that 's currently dogging the Canadian Armed Forces . Many members of the Canadian military are fat , and authorities are n't sure what to do about it .
According to a recently published survey on health and lifestyle conducted by the Canadian military , 49 per cent of all Regular Force personnel were considered overweight and 25 per cent were considered obese , based on body mass index . This included 6.1 per cent of personnel considered morbidly obese .
The increase in sedentary activities was almost entirely driven by an increase in time spent using computers and surfing the internet
The survey , based on self-reporting done by a sample of military personnel in 2013-14 , showed a continued increase in obesity levels from earlier surveys . The report 's authors blamed part of the problem on too much sitting around and poor eating habits . Regular Force personnel reported spending an average of 30.5 hours a week in sedentary activities , an increase of 6.35 hours from 2004 , the report said .
“ The increase in sedentary activities was almost entirely driven by an increase in time spent using computers and surfing the internet , ” the report said . Video games were also a major factor , with participation in sedentary activities even higher than average among soldiers ages 18 to 29 .
According to the survey , 17.4 per cent of Canadian Armed Forces personnel reported being unable to deploy overseas because of health problems , including 25 per cent of those considered obese . More than half of the respondents said they intended to lose weight over the next year .
Scott Malcolm , director of Force Health Protection for the Canadian Forces , insisted in an interview that BMI should not be used as a proxy for fitness and that the index is used primarily to determine members ' risk of heart attack , stroke and diabetes . “ Our risks are about at par with Canadian or North American society , ” they added .
In the United States , the Pentagon is also reportedly concerned about excess weight among its personnel , but not at the same level . According to a recent report in the Military Times , 7.8 per cent of the U.S. military is considered overweight , based on a similar BMI test , although it was not immediately known if the two surveys were comparable .
Malcolm said that they had n't seen the U.S. study but that at first glance it seemed the two surveys would be “ apples and oranges. ” Among other things , the U.S. military is considerably younger than Canada 's , they said .
“ There is a problem , ” said Scott Taylor , editor and publisher of Esprit de Corps , an independent Canadian military magazine .
You 're going to get guys taking the bus and eating pizza
Taylor , a former infantryman , says that Canadian combat troops are extremely fit but that there are relatively few of them in the Canadian military . “ We 've got one of the worst ratios of headquarters to combat units anywhere , ” they said . And it 's at headquarters in Ottawa , they said , that “ you 're going to get guys taking the bus and eating pizza. ” Taylor says the Canadian military is so top-heavy that there are now more personnel in Ottawa headquarters than there are in all of the Royal Canadian Navy .
Because it 's an all-volunteer force , the Canadian military is worried about retention , so it has trouble enforcing fitness standards for aging members and has even given up on fitness standards for recruits . Instead , Taylor says , it will send recruits who are n't fit enough to what they call “ the fat farm , ” a special program to get newcomers up to standard before they start basic training .
Arya Sharma , an obesity expert at the University of Alberta who has worked with the Canadian Armed Forces , says that what 's happening with Canadian soldiers is indicative of the weight problems affecting the population at large , noting that many soldiers have desk jobs or other sedentary positions .
They also say that BMI can be a poor indicator of excess weight because some people have a high BMI because of muscle mass . “ You can be big and healthy , ” they said . And they noted that members can be in stressful jobs , have a lot of shift work and , in some cases , suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder , all of which can contribute to weight gain .
Malcolm said the Canadian Armed Forces are improving on healthy food options in military cafeterias and aboard ships and trying to make physical fitness part of the daily routine . But , they add , “ behavioral change is a challenge . ”
Since June , some entity has been releasing e-mails and electronic documents obtained via network intrusions and credential thefts of politicians and political party employees . Some of the releases have appeared on sites believed to be associated with Russian intelligence operations ; others have appeared on Wikileaks . On occasion , the leaker has also engaged journalists directly , trying to have them publish information drawn from these documents—sometimes successfully , other times not .
The US government has pinned at least some of the blame for these leaks on Russia . This has led some observers to argue that WikiLeaks and Russian intelligence agencies are `` weaponizing '' the media . This is what national security circles refer to as an `` influence operation , '' using reporters as tools to give credibility and cover to a narrative driven by another nation-state . The argument is that by willingly accepting leaked data , journalists have ( wittingly or not ) aided the leaker 's cause . As such , they have become an `` agent of influence . ''
The Grugq , a veteran information security researcher who has specialized in counterintelligence research and a former employee of the computer security consulting company @ stake , penned an article about the topic yesterday . `` The primary role for an agent of influence , '' they wrote , `` is to add credibility to the narrative/data that the agency is attempting to get out and help influence the public . '' Such agents might friendly with or controlled by the agency trying to spread the information , but they can also be unwitting accomplices `` sometimes called a 'useful idiot , ' unaware of their role as conduits of data for an agency . ''
The actual impact of the leaked information on the US presidential election may not matter to an influence operation . The intended target of the campaign being waged through the WikiLeaks dumps , Guccifer 2.0 , and DCLeaks is likely a larger public—perhaps including citizens in Russia itself and the people and decision-makers of the bordering nations . As Ars previously reported , the attacks on the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) and on the US political process may be tied to a Russian effort to `` contain '' US foreign policy efforts and undermine confidence among the citizens of eastern European NATO members . The continued dumping of documents—and the chaos it creates for the US political process—shows the world that Russia can act upon the US at a distance . Therefore , Russia can also project power much closer to home .
Assuming this attribution and analysis is in some broad sense accurate , the raises a question : what 's a journalist to do with these sorts of hacks and leaks ? Has everyone who draws on them become an unwitting `` agent of influence ? '' And if so , is that actually a bad thing if the leaks are newsworthy ?
Ethics in information warfare journalism
Dealing with a source 's motivations is not a new problem for the press . Journalists get used all the time ( just as they sometimes `` use '' their sources ; it 's part of the circle of life for investigative reporting ) . `` The decision about whether or not to publish has always been about whether or not it 's in the public interest , and also , I think , about what 's the motivation or intention [ of the source ] , '' Jeremy Rue , acting dean of academics for the University of California at Berkeley 's Graduate School of Journalism , told Ars .
`` Often journalists are so eager to get information , they do n't take the time to ask what the motivation is behind this source , '' Rue said . `` I think those motivations are important to factor in . Whether or not it changes the choice to publish , I do n't really want to take a specific stand on that . It 's a very complex issue and it keeps coming up in newsrooms . But I do definitely feel strongly that you should absolutely weigh all the different factors , like what are the motivations of your source . ''
Glenn Greenwald of The Intercept has vocally disagreed with the idea that the source 's intentions are material to a reporters ' job , particularly in the case of publishing WikiLeaks ' recent dumps . To him , if it 's news , it should be reported—regardless of source and motivation . In a recent article , Greenwald wrote as much :
Some have been arguing that because these hacks were engineered by the Russian government with the goal of electing Trump or at least interfering in US elections , journalists should not aid this malevolent scheme by reporting on the material . Leaving aside the fact that there is no evidence ( just unproven US government assertions ) that the Russian government is behind these hacks , the motive of a source is utterly irrelevant in the decision-making process about whether to publish .
While nothing in the public domain explicitly links the Russian government to the overall operation , there 's at least some suggestive public evidence of Russia 's involvement with Guccifer 2.0—who gave Greenwald exclusive access to some of the breach content—and with the DCLeaks `` American hacktivist '' site . That evidence includes both analysis by security experts of the initial Guccifer 2.0 document dump and an investigation by The Smoking Gun in August , which was triggered by Guccifer 2.0 reaching out directly to the site .
For The Grugq , the way Greenwald has interacted with Guccifer 2.0 looks like a perfect example of how an influence operation works . `` The Intercept was given 'exclusive ' access to e-mails obtained by the entity known as Guccifer 2.0 , '' they wrote . `` The Intercept was both aware that the e-mails were from Guccifer 2.0 , that Guccifer 2.0 has been attributed to Russian intelligence services , and that there is significant public evidence supporting this attribution . ''
For a site like Wikileaks , the questions extend further . Assuming that it 's right to publish material regardless of the source 's motivations , how much of that material is fair game ?
The Investigative Reporter 's Handbook frames the decision this way :
When exposing private behaviors of public figures a reporter must make sure there is a need for the public to know this information . If there is not than a reporter should not report on it . If the behavior does not affect the figures public performance than there is no need to report on it .
Naomi Klein , speaking on Glenn Greenwald 's podcast this week , said something similar when talking about WikiLeaks :
They 're very clearly looking for maximum media attention and you can tell that just by looking at the WikiLeaks Twitter feed and at how they are timing it right before the debates ... These leaks are not , in my opinion , in the same category as the Pentagon Papers or previous WikiLeaks releases like the trade documents they continue to leak , which I am tremendously grateful for , because those are government documents that we have a right to , that are central to democracy . There are many things in that category . But personal e-mails—and there are all kinds of personal stuff in these e-mails—this sort of indiscriminate dump is precisely what Snowden was trying to protect us from .
For Wikileaks , of course , it 's all fair game in the name of radical transparency .
Between Scylla and Charybdis
While there were certainly influence operations in the pre-Internet era , data breaches and digital media ( including social media ) have made them more accessible even to non-state actors . The `` Climategate '' incident , in which a collection of e-mails from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia was leaked in an attempt to sow doubt about scientists ' consensus on climate change , is an example of selective publication of information to create controversy and political ammunition . So is the recent `` Panama Papers '' leak ( which the Russian government has suggested was a US information operation ) .
But if the DNC leaks and the wave of other breaches of political figures ' e-mails have been an influence operation , they have operated at a much larger scale with much broader ambitions .
There 's enough to be concerned about ethically when it comes to accurate leaked data being provided by someone running an intentional influence campaign . But things get more complicated when false information is introduced into leaks . While WikiLeaks claims `` a 100 percent accuracy rate '' for its leaked documents , materials provided by Guccifer 2.0 showed signs of alteration . The entity behind Guccifer 2.0 claimed that one document was a file classified Secret and taken from the computer Hillary Clinton used at the State Department . But the document , which was actually an Obama transition team memorandum from before Clinton was even a nominee for Secretary of State , had been modified to include `` Secret '' in the document 's header .
This is the sort of thing that Jack Goldsmith , a former Department of Justice official , warned about at a recent seminar at Yale University . `` Theft and publication of truthful information is small beans—what about theft and publication of faked information , which is hard to verify , or tampering with the vote itself ? '' Goldsmith said . `` That could have huge consequences , the number of actors who could do this are many , and our ability to defend against it is uncertain . ''
That places journalists trying to use the documents from these dumps in a very tight spot , trying to both determine the veracity of content they 've obtained and decide its newsworthiness . Yes , journalists have been used for propaganda purposes before . Journalists are used by politicians and government agencies every day to put out information to shape perception . Wikileaks ' dumps of the Podesta e-mails and other Democratic Party documents show among other things how journalists both use and are used by their sources , ingratiating themselves to get access . But this is the first time a foreign government 's agent has used the combination of network infiltration , data theft , and public leaking of that data to the press and the world to affect another country 's election—and the perception of that other country 's election in areas of the world .
Scott E. DePasquale , Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council 's Brent Scowcroft Center for International Security and Chairman & CEO of Utilidata , suggests that Wikileaks ' decisions have made it a classic agent of influence .
`` We can divorce ourselves from whether Russia has actually paid the bills [ for WikiLeaks ] with no questions and no doubts that Assange knows they are doing benefit to Russia , '' they said . `` Whether we get down to if they 're on the Russian payroll , is it a deeply covert intelligence operation or something like that—all of that aside , because I think those are impossible questions to answer and even shed light on in an unclassified domain—it is without a doubt that Assange knows what they are doing is benefiting Russia . Whether he 's doing it out of spite for the US as a political activist , or they are using the Russians ... whatever the modality is , they know very well that their interest and Putin 's interest are deeply aligned . And that 's deeply troubling for us at the end of the day . ''
The worries do n't even end with the first reporters to hit publish . Questions linger even for more traditional journalists who use only small bits of the most newsworthy leaked material .
`` There 's the complicitness of serving this role of disseminating news for a state actor like Russia , '' said Rue . `` I think that is a factor that should be part of the equation of whether or not to decide to publish something . '' A reporter or news organization may still decide that it 's worth it to run with the material even if they believe that it 's been provided by Russia `` trying to embarrass the Clinton campaign , '' Rue acknowledged . But `` you have to consider that as part of the equation to publish . ''
The ethical decisions journalists now make about how they interact with that data are much more complicated as a result . And because of the impact of this particular influence operation , this approach may well become the norm—with more countries seeking to expose each other 's secrets using journalists as their proxies .
Credit : Speed Matters
Credit : Speed Matters
`` Establish a national policy goal '' of constructing an infrastructure that supports 10 Mbps downstream and 1 Mbps upstream by 2010 .
`` Develop state and national maps '' of broadband deployment , adoption , speed , and prices .
`` Create public-private partnerships '' and task forces to stimulate high-speed Internet deployment and adoption .
Reform universal service subsidies to `` support affordable , high-speed Internet for all . ''
Adopt programs that `` provide free or low-cost computers to low-income households , expand community-based digital literacy , and fund grants for community-based public-interest broadband applications and services . ''
Create government `` subsidies , low-interest loans , and tax incentives '' to spur `` the deployment of faster networks . ''
Ensure that there is `` no degradation of service or censoring any lawful content , '' while recognizing that `` reasonable network management is necessary to preserve an effective open Internet . ''
Create public policies that protect consumers and workers , and that `` should support the growth of good , career jobs , and require the public reporting of deployment , actual speed , price , and service . ''
The high-speed Internet advocacy Web site , Speed Matters , has just released a report on the average Internet connection speeds by U.S. state . If you live in Rhode Island ( 6,769 Kbps ) , Delaware ( 6,685 Kbps ) , New Jersey ( 5,825 Kbps ) , Virginia ( 5,033 Kbps ) , or Massachusetts ( 4,564 Kbps ) , you can take pride that your state has one of the fastest average Internet downstream connection speeds in the U.S.But before you get too smug , compare your speed against the average 63 Mbps downstream speed that the Communications Workers of America ( CWA ) claims Japan has ... Or South Korea ( 49 Mbps ) , Finland ( 21 Mbps ) , France ( 17 Mbps ) , or even Canada ( 7.6 Mbps ) for that matter.The report states that the overall average dowstream speed for the U.S. is just 2.3 Mbps -- only 0.4Mbps faster than the previous year . The states ( or territory ) with the slowest average downstream speeds are Puerto Rico ( 499 Kbps ) , Alaska ( 814 Kbps ) , North Dakota ( 1,164 Kbps ) , Montana ( 1,320 Kbps ) , and Wyoming ( 1,325 Kbps ) . As far as upstream speeds go , the U.S. average is 435 Kbps , with the fastest state , Delaware , at 1,483 Kbps , and the slowest state , Alaska , at 246 Kbps.These results were collected from a survey of almost 230,000 Internet users who used the Speed Matters Internet speed test between May 2007 and May 2008 . The Speed Matters site is an advocacy arm of the CWA , a large labor union of communications and media workers . The mission of the site is to promote high-speed Internet connections in the U.S. , for economic growth , global competition , and to get broadband Internet connections into the homes of low-income families . `` This is n't about how fast someone can download a full-length movie . Speed matters to our economy and our ability to remain competitive in a global marketplace . Rural development , telemedicine and distance learning all rely on truly high-speed , universal networks . '' -- Larry Cohen , CWA PresidentThe report offers an eight-step plan for how the CWA envisions the U.S. can meet the CWA 's mission : At least some of these steps are part of the Broadband Data Improvement Act , which was introduced by Senator Daniel Inouye ( D-HI ) in May 2007 . The bill is currently with the Senate Commerce , Science , and Transportation -- of which Senator Inouye is the chairperson.If you 'd like to see how your downstream and upstream speeds compare to your neighbors , check out the Speed Matters Internet speed test here . How do your speeds compare to your state 's average ? Let us know in the comments below .
Pin 15 Shares
PHOTO : MATS GUSTAFSON FOR WSJ . MAGAZINE
The tireless KARL LAGERFELD is no doubt one of the most prolific living fashion designers , at the same time the most fearless . Lagerfeld talks in an exclusive interview for the latest WSJ Magazine , shares why he 's against the mix of politics and fashion , dressing Melania Trump , Angela Merkel 's fashion sense but also mentions Choupette and their godson .
Read more from the exclusive interview after the jump :
On Trumps , Angela Merkel and the style world 's place in politics :
“ Fashion magazines and fashion people are fashion , they are not politics . I knew Trump before , when they were not in politics . I 'm not American , but he 's a democratically elected president of America , so people have to deal with it . I loved Michelle Obama , but they do n't want to [ run for office ] . Mrs. Trump is a very nice woman and pretty handsome . Good body , no ? And this Ivanka is quite cute , no ? ” Lagerfeld says .
When it comes to the fashion world 's place in politics , “ I 'm very much against it . Like Mrs. Merkel , maybe their clothes are horrible , but they are not in fashion , hmm ? ”
On their image and fame :
Their fame has resulted in a self imposed captivity . Nearly all their outings these days are limited to a four-block radius .
“ It 's all my fault . I became too cartoonish and easy to recognize , ”
“ I do n't want to arrive somewhere sloppy in an old sweatshirt , ” they say . “ I know I look different from other people , but I do n't feel different , because I think I 'm the most normal thing in the world .
A post shared by KARL LAGERFELD ( @ karllagerfeld ) on Feb 8 , 2017 at 8:33am PST
On their uber famous cat Choupette :
“ She is the center of the world . In my own house , I come a long time after Choupette . First of all , it 's ‘ How is Choupette ? ' ‘ Choupette made poo-poo , ' and so on . They sleep on my pillow . ”
“ Choupette has made me perhaps a better person . More caring—I do n't know . Less selfish .
On the fast pace of fashion :
“ The other designers say , ‘ We are burned out… . ' Ooh , ” Lagerfeld says in mock sympathy . “ You will get burned out—if you take the job only for the check , you 'd better do something else . People want the money but they do n't want to work . And they might be a little bit younger than I am , so they need their ‘ private life . ' ” Smiling mischievously , they say , “ I add collections and it makes them furious . ”
“ I am never pleased—I always think I could do better , that I am lazy .
A post shared by KARL LAGERFELD ( @ karllagerfeld ) on Jul 18 , 2016 at 1:57am PDT
On grudges :
The blazer Lagerfeld is wearing , is work of Hedi Slimane while they were still at Dior Homme and later Saint Laurent . “ But Hedi made them for me without the labels . I do n't wear Saint Laurent , ” they say . “ Pierre Bergé was such a pain in the ass all these years that I do n't want to have that name on my back ever . ”
On how they dote on their godson Hudson Kroenig , son of Brad Kroenig :
“ I 'm very good with kids , ” continues Lagerfeld , who lives alone and has never married or had children . “ If I had been a woman , I would have had 12 children . ”
“ He has very good taste , not childish at all , no , no , no . They hate that , ” says Lagerfeld , bragging fondly that the 8-year-old recently purchased their first apartment in New York City—with a bit of help from Lagerfeld—which Hudson decorated himself . “ Hudson is unbelievable . They can dance , they can sing , they can sketch . “ He said to me , ‘ You understand , our house in New Jersey is very good . But in the winter , it 's a little boring during the weekend . So I have to go to New York to do shopping and to go to galleries . ' It 's crazy—eh ? ”
On their generosity in bestowing money or gifts upon others :
Lagerfeld will buy a bag of the latest iPhones to distribute to their friends . “ Do you want the big one or the little one ? ” they ask . ( Says Lagerfeld , “ The people who are with me get the same thing I buy , nearly . But that 's normal , eh ? My line in life is , ‘ [ He ] pays who have the money . '
READ MORE ON WSJ.com
Free Ross Ulbricht The convicted mastermind behind the world 's largest online narcotics emporium wrote a heartfelt letter to the judge who , on Friday , will decide whether or not they spend the rest of their life in prison .
Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht , 31 , and 97 of their friends and relatives wrote letters to District Judge Katherine Forrest pleading for the most lenient sentence possible — in this case , 20 years .
Ulbricht 's own letter , which is just over a page long , is significant given their decision not to testify during the trial . It is their first attempt to defend — and show remorse for — their actions .
`` When I created Silk Road I was n't seeking financial gain , '' they write . `` I created Silk Road because ... I believed at the time that people should have the right to buy and sell whatever they wanted so long as they were n't hurting anyone else . ''
Throughout the trial , the prosecution , led by Assistant US Attorneys Serrin Turner and Timothy Howard , attempted to characterize Ulbricht as a ruthless drug kingpin who was `` motivated by greed and vanity , '' and whose website resulted in countless addictions and multiple drug-related deaths because of the ease with which it allowed people to purchase drugs .
`` It does not matter that Ulbricht did not specifically intend any deaths to occur from their conduct , '' the prosecution writes in its sentencing memorandum . `` Ulbricht was well aware of the dangers inherent in the products they were selling . ''
Drugs sold on Silk Road Screenshot Ulbricht partially concedes this point in their letter .
`` Silk Road was supposed to be about giving people the freedom to make their own choices , to pursue their own happiness , '' they write . `` While I still do n't think people should be denied this right , I never sought to create a site that would provide another avenue for people to feed their addictions . ''
Ulbricht 's lawyer , Joshua Dratel , argued that Silk Road had provided a platform for buying and selling drugs that was `` far safer '' than traditional drug dealing on the street .
In the defense 's sentencing memorandum , Dratel notes how Ulbricht was an Eagle Scout and `` excelled in school , '' and has `` a unique set of skills and traits that will enable them to become a valuable asset to their community . ''
`` In creating Silk Road ... I squandered the enviable upbringing my family provided me , all of the opportunities I have been given , and the ones I have earned , and my talents , '' Ulbricht writes . `` I could have done so much more with my life . ''
Free Ross Ulbricht Some of Ulbricht 's fellow inmates also wrote letters of support on their behalf .
`` We shared a cell at MDC and spent 24 hours , 7 days a week together for several months , '' writes inmate Michael Satterfield . `` During that time , Ross ... spent their days sharing positive thoughts with the other inmates ... and began teaching yoga and meditation to the general population , inviting anyone to join in . ''
Ulbricht also tutored fellow inmates in math and physics while helping others study for their GED , according to another inmate , Davit Mirzoyan .
`` I will not lose my love for humanity during my years of imprisonment , '' Ulbricht writes in their letter .
Still , the prosecution has insisted that Ulbricht 's personal traits are not significant mitigating factors , arguing that the now-31-year-old `` cultivated a darker side of their personality ... one that their friends and family would have found shocking . ''
Ulbricht in NY courtroom photo . AP Photo/Elizabeth Wlliams In February , Ulbricht was found guilty by a federal court on the charge of running Silk Road under the pseudonym `` Dread Pirate Roberts . ''
Ulbricht was convicted of all seven counts including trafficking drugs on the internet , narcotics-trafficking conspiracy , running a continuing criminal enterprise , computer-hacking conspiracy , and money-laundering conspiracy , according to Bloomberg .
Ulbricht admits in their letter that they made a `` terrible mistake . ''
`` If I do make it out of prison , decades from now ... I 'll be an old man , at least 50 , with the additional wear and tear prison life brings , '' they write .
`` Even now I understand what a terrible mistake I made , '' they continue , `` I 've had my youth , and I know you must take away my middle years , but please leave me my old age . Please leave me a small light at the end of the tunnel , an excuse to stay healthy , an excuse to dream of better days ahead , and a chance to redeem myself in the free world before I meet my maker . ''
You can read Ulbricht 's full letter here .
Anfisa may be the best argument in favor of a travel ban . You know , so long as President Trump extends it to their ( alleged ) friends in Russia , though that feels unlikely .
Anyway , the “ 90 Day Fiance : Happily Ever After ? ” subject and Moscow 's worst export has been treating new husband Jorge like crap since Day 1 . The honeymoon period is n't over for these two — it never even started . And now that Anfisa is on the verge of getting a green card , let 's just say their options are opening .
“ It 's very important , ” Anfisa tells their American hubby on the way to their interview . “ I 'm going to get my green card , and I 'm going to leave you . ”
Also Read : '90 Day Fiance : Happily Ever After ? ' : Watch Anfisa Slap Jorge in the Face ( Exclusive Video )
Ah , young love . Watch the sneak peek video above , which is exclusive to TheWrap .
TLC 's “ 90 Day Fiance : Happily Ever After ? ” airs Sundays at 8/7c .
Share this ...
Yummly Pinterest Tumblr Linkedin
A Blackberry Lavender shrub with brandy makes for a great cocktail !
Summer is the season for shrub based cocktails , and we have definitely been in a mood for tart fruity cocktails , and our Brandy and Blackberry Lavender Shrub cocktail certainly fits the bill ! We love using shrubs to add a rich tart flavor to cocktails . We also like to use shrubs for their original purpose of preserving fresh fruit for later , especially the wonderful fresh blackberries that are in season during the spring for cocktails !
This post contains affiliate links for products that we think you as readers might find useful , and we make commission off of these ! For more details about our affiliates , click our Disclosure and Contacts Page .
Blackberry Lavender Shrub
We have made Blackberry shrubs in the past and loved the way the sour of the apple cider vinegar and the tart of the blackberries made a sweet tangy base for our cocktails . For this recipe we were inspired by some beautiful lavender plants growing in our herb garden . Lavender adds a delicious floral note to the blackberry shrub , which adds a real nice complexity to the shrub .
We chose to use fresh lavender leaves as the flavor will be gentler than using the dried flower petals and helps avoid one of the major pitfalls of making the dish to much like perfume which can commonly can happen when cooking with lavender .
Shrubs ca n't be rushed , and letting the the flavors meld together over time can make the whole mixture richer and more nuanced . We allowed our shrub to meld for around 2 days before checking the flavors .
Checking the flavors at this point allows you to adjust the flavors to be a bit more to your liking by adjusting the sugar or vinegar .
Mason Jars / Coupe ( ours is vintage ) / Shaker
What Ingredients are Needed for the Blackberry Lavender Shrub Cocktail ?
Blackberry Lavender Shrub Sugar Blackberries Apple Cider Vinegar Water Lavender
Cocktail Apple Brandy Lemon Juice Dry Vermouth Blackberry Lavender Shrub Simple Syrup
For the Brandy and Blackberry Lavender Shrub , we used a great apple brandy as our base spirit which really worked with the apple cider base of the shrub . A splash of dry vermouth brings additional herbal qualities and adds a hint of sweetness that helps bring the sour bite of the shrub under control .
A squeeze of fresh lemon juice adds a brightness and a nice lemon perfume that pulls a little more of the lavender flavor out and pairs well with the blackberry flavors . This drink was tart and fruity and perfect for sipping on a warm summer day by the pool !
Like this recipe ? Try these below , too !
Lavender Lemon Gin & Tonic
Lavender Bee 's Knees
Other Fruit Shrub Cocktails
Other Brandy Cocktails
Yield : 1 Brandy and Blackberry Lavender Shrub - A Brandy Cocktail Prep Time : 20 minutes Set Time : 2 days Total Time : 2 days 20 minutes A delightful sweet and sour cocktail made with a shrub and brandy . Print Ingredients Blackberry Lavender Shrub 1 Tbsp water
1 Tbsp lavender leaves
.75 cup apple cider vinegar
1 cup blackberries , cut in half
1 cup sugar For the Cocktail 4 oz blackberry lavender shrub
1/2 oz simple syrup
1/4 oz freshly squeezed lemon juice
1/2 oz dry vermouth
2 oz apple brandy Instructions For the Cocktail Add ingredients to a shaker . Fill shaker with ice . Shake until chilled . Strain into cocktail coupe . Cheers !
For the Shrub In an airtight container or jar , add berries , sugar and lavender leaves . Mash until berries are fully broken down and sugar is a thick paste . Add water and apple cider vinegar and stir until sugar is dissolved . Seal container and place in fridge for 2 days . Taste after 2 days to see if it is to your liking , adjust vinegar and sugar to tailor the flavor to your preference . Using a mesh strainer , strain berries and lavender leaves and discard , retaining liquid . Pour remaining liquid into a clean sealed container . Store in fridge up to 3 weeks . Recommended Products Premium Quality Hammered 100 % Pure Copper Cocktail Shaker With Built-In Strainer - A Great Bar Tool For Your Favorite Bartender- by Alchemade
Luminarc Barcraft Coupe Cocktail ( Set of 4 ) , 5.5 oz , Clear
Ball Pint Mason Jar , Regular Mouth , 16 oz ( 2 Count ) As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs , I earn from qualifying purchases . Nutrition Information : Yield : 1 Serving Size : 1
Amount Per Serving : Calories : 160 Total Fat : 0.1g Saturated Fat : 0.1g Trans Fat : 0g Unsaturated Fat : 0g Cholesterol : 0mg Sodium : 14mg Carbohydrates : 26.6g Fiber : 0g Sugar : 13.1g Protein : 0.1g
Interested in stocking your own home bar ? Make sure to see our favorites at our Amazon Store !
If you liked this recipe , do n't forget to subscribe for new ( and of course free ) recipes by entering your email address on the side bar ( and get all the recipes delivered to your inbox when we post ) , so you do n't miss out on a thing . You can find us on Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest and Twitter !
bzr is dying ; Emacs needs to move
From : Eric S. Raymond Subject : bzr is dying ; Emacs needs to move Date : Thu , 2 Jan 2014 04:53:47 -0500 ( EST )
I am posting this because I think it is my duty as a topic expert in version-control systems and the surrounding tools to do so , not because I have any desire to be in the argument that is certain to ensue . The bzr version control system is dying ; by most measures it is already moribund . The dev list has flatlined , most of Canonical 's in-house projects have abandoned bzr for git , and one of its senior developers has written a remarkably candid assessment of why bzr failed : http : //www.stationary-traveller.eu/pages/bzr-a-retrospective.html I urge all Emacs developers to read this , then sleep on it , then read it again - not least because I think Emacs development has fallen into some of the same traps the author decribes . But * that * is a discussion for another day ; the conversation we need to have now is about escaping the gravitational pull of bzr 's failure . In theory , that failure need not affect us at all providing the bzr codebase is sufficently mature to continue in use as a production tool . I judge that , in fact , it * is * sufficiently mature . In practice , I judge that sticking with bzr would have social and signaling effects damaging to Emacs 's prospects . Sticking to a moribund version-control system will compound and exacerbate the project 's difficulty in attracting new talent . The uncomfortable truth is that many younger hackers already think Emacs is a dinosaur - difficult , bulky , armor-plated , and generally stuck in the last century . If we 're going to fight off that image , we can not afford to make or adhere to choices that further cast the project as crusty , insular , and backward-looking . As of right about now , continuing with bzr is such a choice . We 'll lose potential recruits , not merely because bzr has a learning cost but because crusty , insular , etc . The opportunity cost of not getting out will only rise with time . git won the mindshare war . I regret this - I would have preferred Mercurial , but it too is not looking real healthy these days . I have made my peace with git 's victory and switched . I urge the Emacs project to do likewise . I can be technical lead on the migration - as the author of reposurgeon I have the skills and experience for that ( I recently moved GNU troff from CVS to git ) . But the project leadership needs to make the go decision first . -- < a href= '' http : //www.catb.org/~esr/ '' > Eric S. Raymond < /a > No one who 's seen it in action can say the phrase `` government help '' without either laughing or crying .
reply via email to
Bahai News ( Persian , Facebook ) , February 1 , 2016 .
In the latest of a series of early releases of Bahai prisoners , Khosro Dehqani ( خسرو دهقانی ) has been released in Isfahan , after serving less than a year of a three-year sentence . They began their sentence on March 3 , 2015 . They are one of 20 Bahais who were arrested in central Iran in August 2012 , and given sentences ranging from one to 4 years by the Revolutionary Court in Yazd . They were charged with propaganda against the regime and participation in Bahai community activities . Two of this group , Shahram Falah ( شهرام فلاح ) and Navid Haqiqi Najafabadi ( نوید حقیقی نجف آبادی ) were released in January 2017 , although they had served less than one year of their 3-year sentences .
It is not clear that the early releases indicate a change in policy regarding the oppression of the Bahais in Iran . It could also be due to overcrowding in the jail in Isfahan , or the need to empty prisons in preparation for the coming elections , or that the policy is to cap the number of imprisoned Bahais at about 150 nationwide , and the recent sentencing of 24 Bahais in Gorgan requires some early releases .
Short link : http : //wp.me/pNMoJ-2yU
Older items can be found in the archive , here . Even older news is here .
Apple Changes Its UK Samsung 'Apology , ' But Makes Sure You Have To Scroll To See It
from the but-of-course dept
Apparently Apple did n't need two weeks to put up a new `` apology '' statement on its UK website after the first obnoxious one was deemed not good enough by the UK courts . As you may recall , Apple was told by the court that it had to tell the world that Samsung did n't copy Apple 's design on some of its devices , after a judge ruled that Apple 's devices were simply much cooler.Apple has now put up its new statement and linked to it from its UK home page in a large font . The full statement is a lot shorter and does n't include anything about how `` cool '' Apple 's products are or the other court cases around the world . It has also admitted that the first statement was `` inaccurate and did not comply '' with the original court order : Of course , it appears that Apple could n't resist an attempt to continue to be slightly petulant in doing this , though it did so in a way that it hoped the judge would n't notice , by . However , as the eagle eyes at Hacker News and Reddit quickly pointed out , Apple had added a bit of javascript to make sure that , no matter how big you enlarged the browser window , the link to the apology and the statement about it were below the fold . That is , there is no way to view that statement without first having to scroll down on the Apple page.To be honest , I find it a little silly that the judge is requiring this statement at all . It seems to be going beyond what 's reasonable already ( and it seems wrong to require Apple to put a statement on its own website ) . Anyone who really cares about this stuff will see the news . That said , I find Apple 's response to this ridiculous and that much more perplexing . Each attempt to somehow not fully comply with the judge 's demand justto the situation and the fact that Apple lost and Samsung did n't copy it . If Apple had just complied normally , this story would already be over .
Filed Under : apology , uk
Companies : apple , samsung
One of the biggest highlights from the Riveters ' home opener was Gabie Figueroa making history by scoring the first ever New York Riveters goal on home ice at Aviator Sports and Events Center last Sunday night . Figueroa 's goal was scored 18:23 into the second period during four on four hockey after Madison Packer and Blake Bolden took coincidental roughing penalties ( Packer 's was a double minor ) . The open ice was a perfect recipe for Gabie Figueroa and their superlative skating ability to finally break through for the New York Riveters .
They would , however , need more than just their legs to score on Britanny Ott of the Boston Pride . Fittingly , on a team that is all about work ethic and blue-collar hockey it was Figueroa 's second and third effort that put the Riveters on the board and made history at Aviator in the final minutes of the second period .
Breakdown
Alyssa Gagliardi attempted a pass to Brianna Decker , but pressure from Riveters ' forward Lyudmila Belyakova and a perfect read by Gabie Figueroa created a turnover that Figueroa quickly turned into a scoring chance for the Riveters . Watch how quickly Figueroa pounces on the pass , pushes it past Gagliardi , and rockets up the ice towards the Pride 's net .
Figueroa nearly scored with their first shot on Ott , but it took a second and possibly a third shot and whack to get the puck out from under the Pride 's goaltender and loose again . After freeing the puck and keeping possession with Meagan Mangene and Gagliardi all over her , Figueroa went for the wrap-around and was met by Jordan Smelker of the Pride . Figueroa 's quick feet and quicker thinking let them tuck the puck into the open net before Smelker could tie their stick up and keep them from scoring . Smelker ended up on top of a smiling Figeuroa who looked up from their stomach at their teammates as the celebration for their goal began in earnest .
Brittany Ott shared their thoughts on Figueroa 's goal after the game :
`` I just got pinned on the side of the net and had it partly covered , but the ref was right there and could see the whole thing . It just squirted out and they tucked it in on the other side . ''
Figueroa 's goal was just the second regular season goal in New York Riveters ' history and the first goal scored on home ice by a New York Riveter . Ashley Johnston , Lyudmila Belyakova , and Taylor Holze were the other Riveters on the ice for the franchise 's first goal on home ice . Figueroa also scored a goal in overtime against the FDNY team during the preseason in late September and has been one of New York 's most prominent and exceptional players early in the NWHL 's inaugural season .
Just listen to the crowd at Aviator and look at Figueroa 's celebration . Priceless .
Thanks for reading . Let 's go Riveters .
Note : Video shot by Connor Murphy
CLOSE Michael Flynn 's attorney says the former national security adviser is in discussions with the House and Senate intelligence committees on receiving immunity from `` unfair prosecution '' in exchange for questioning in the Russia investigation . ( March 31 ) AP
Michael Flynn , former national security adviser ( Photo11 : Andrew Harrer , Pool/European Pressphoto Agency )
WASHINGTON — While President Trump encouraged former top aide Michael Flynn to offer testimony to investigators in exchange for immunity from possible prosecution , congressional leaders investigating Russia 's interference in the 2016 election signaled Friday that it was too early to consider such an agreement .
`` We should first acknowledge what a grave and momentous step it is for a former national security adviser to the president of the United States to ask for immunity from prosecution , '' said California Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . `` When the time comes to consider requests for immunity from any witness , we will of course require a detailed proffer of any intended testimony . ''
Schiff 's statement marked the first public remarks by from any of the leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence committees regarding Flynn 's immunity request initially conveyed late Thursday by attorney Robert Kelner .
The California member of congress said Flynn 's offer would be taken up with leaders of the Senate committee and the Justice Department , where the FBI also is in the midst of a wide-ranging counter-intelligence investigation into Russia 's election interference and whether members of Trump 's campaign coordinated their efforts with Russian officials . Federal law enforcement officials have engaged in very preliminary discussions about Flynn 's prospects for immunity , but no decision has been made , said an official who is not authorized to comment publicly .
Earlier this week , Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr , R-N.C. , indicated the panel would pursue testimony from Flynn as part of a roster of 20 witnesses the panel was assembling so far for its inquiry .
`` You would think less of us if Gen. Flynn was n't on that list , '' Burr told reporters .
Earlier Friday , Trump cited Flynn in a tweet denouncing the various Russia-related investigations that now shadow their administration .
`` Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) , by media & Dems , of historic proportion ! '' Trump tweeted .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said the tweet meant to emphasize that the president had no objection to Flynn 's testimony .
`` He believes that Mike Flynn should go testify , '' Spicer told reporters Friday . `` What he 's asking is , 'go testify . ' ``
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) , by media & Dems , of historic proportion ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 31 , 2017
Trump 's latest missive came just hours after Flynn 's attorney issued a tantalizing statement about their client 's interest in providing information to congressional and federal investigators .
`` Gen. Flynn certainly has a story to tell , and they very much wants to tell it , should the circumstances permit , '' Kelner said , before stating Flynn 's desire for immunity .
`` No reasonable person , who has the benefit of advice from counsel , would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized , witch-hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution , '' Kelner said .
The attorney confirmed that there have been `` discussions '' regarding Flynn 's possible appearances before the House and Senate Intelligence committees now conducting formal inquires into Russia 's attempts to disrupt the American political system .
The FBI is also investigating Russian activity during the 2016 election , including the hacking of Democratic Party officials close to presidential nominee ( and Trump opponent ) Hillary Clinton . The investigation includes any possible collusion with the Trump campaign , though the president and supporters say they had nothing to do with the Russians .
The Russians also deny wrongdoing .
Dmitry Peskov , a spokesperson for Russian President Vladimir Putin , told ABC 's Good Morning America that it is `` slander '' to say that Russia interfered in `` domestic affairs of the United States . '' Peskov said the Kremlin is n't worried about Flynn 's potential testimony because there is `` no evidence '' implicating Russia .
Trump demanded Flynn 's resignation last month after learning that the national security adviser misled Vice President Pence and other administration officials about talks they had with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak . Flynn initially denied talking about Obama administration sanctions on Russia with Kislyak but later changed their story after evidence to the contrary surfaced .
While lawmakers say they want to hear from Flynn , negotiations are at an early point .
Jack Langer , spokesperson for the House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , said a deal for immunity has not been discussed .
Nunes has troubles of their own . Calls have come for the chairperson 's recusal from Democats , while some Republicans have expressed deep concerns about Nunes ' continuing ability to lead .
The wave of criticism came after secretly met at the White House last week to view intelligence reports that they did not share with fellow committee members . The documents , according to the New York Times , were provided by at least two members of the White House National Security Council .
Nunes then conducted a news conference last week in which they said documents showed some members of Trump 's presidential transition team had been `` incidentally '' picked up on surveillance of foreign diplomats . Schiff was scheduled Friday to view what are believed to be the same documents Nunes secretly reviewed last Tuesday .
Trump has since claimed that the information was evidence to support their false claims on March 4 via Twitter that former president Barack Obama had their phones tapped during the campaign , a claim that Obama and FBI Director James Comey have denied .
Read more :
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2nD64zV
Last January , while campaigning in Bacoor City , presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte promised Cavite voters that their former governor , Sen. Bong Revilla , would be released on bail if they become president . Today , Supreme Court justices are meeting to discuss the Revilla case for plunder , a capital and therefore non-bailable offense ; tomorrow the court formally deliberates on the senator 's petition for bail . As it did in the case of Gloria Arroyo and the Marcos burial , will the Court help President Duterte keep another of their campaign promises ?
The Sandiganbayan anti-graft court has twice rejected Revilla 's petition for bail in their pork barrel case , in large part because the senator had admitted in writing that the signatures in 168 key documents were either their or theirs representative 's . A reversal of the Sandiganbayan 's finding of “ strong evidence ” — the standard required to deprive a petitioner in a capital case of the constitutional right to bail — would be a shock to the judicial system . It would demoralize prosecutors and undermine the Supreme Court 's own standing . But under the present Court , it would not be unprecedented .
ADVERTISEMENT
Revilla supporter
On January 21 , in Bacoor , candidate Duterte was asked by a Revilla supporter if they can assure a fair trial for the senator ( “ patas po ba kayo sa paglilitis ” ) if they were president . The long-time mayor of Davao City replied : “ Ako , you can be very sure , lalabas ‘ yan , lalabas ‘ yan sa [ he will leave ] prison . I can not guarantee na yung kaso , ma-e-erase , erase sa korte , pero [ that the case will be erased at the courts but ] I will see to it that they are also afforded the right to bail . ”
A lawyer and former prosecutor himself , Duterte later told reporters that they meant that Revilla should enjoy the right to bail if the evidence against them was n't strong enough . Speaking before the enthusiastic crowd , however , they had not qualified their statement ; they simply made a categorical promise . “ Lalabas ‘ yan . ”
A Court still facing criticism for its decision allowing the burial of the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng Mga Bayani —another Duterte campaign promise — is now about to undergo another test . Will it disregard the work of the Sandiganbayan 's First Division and , as it did in the case of Sen. Juan Ponce Enrile , who is also accused of plundering the pork barrel system , find grave abuse of discretion on the part of the anti-graft court ? The Enrile outcome was especially jarring to lawyers because the Court ruled that there was grave abuse of discretion without explaining how the Sandiganbayan committed it . ( It just restated a definition . )
“ The issue of whether the evidence was ‘ strong ' enough to justify the continued detention of the accused is essentially ‘ factual ' in nature , ” former Supreme Court Chief Justice Artemio Panganiban wrote in their column shortly after the First Division 's first resolution dated December 1 , 2014 and denying Revilla 's motion for bail was released .
“ True , the accused have asked the [ Sandiganbayan ] for a reconsideration , saying the resolution was ‘ speculative ' and , failing in that , may elevate the ruling to the Supreme Court via a petition for certiorari . This petition may prosper on only one ground : grave abuse of discretion , specifically , that the [ Sandiganbayan ] acted whimsically or arbitrarily . ”
Panganiban concluded : “ Seldom , however , does the Supreme Court reverse trial courts … in their factual assessments . This is because the high tribunal relies merely on the records or transcripts of the proceedings while trial judges observe the demeanor of the witnesses on the stand … ”
Enrile precedent
But that comment was written before Enrile vs Sandiganbayan , a ruling promulgated on August 18 , 2015 and penned by Associate Justice Lucas Bersamin . Despite Sandiganbayan rulings rejecting Enrile 's application for provisional release , the Supreme Court still found in their favor .
ADVERTISEMENT
Will the Court apply the new Enrile precedent to Revilla , the movie star and action hero , extending to them the same humanitarian considerations the nonagenarian Enrile enjoyed , or will it find that the popular senator enjoys the same “ social and political standing ” as veteran politician Enrile ?
“ In our view , their social and political standing and theirs having immediately surrendered to the authorities upon theirs being charged in court indicate that the risk of their flight or escape from this jurisdiction is highly unlikely , ” Bersamin wrote . The same can be said of Revilla , but as many commentators wrote after the Enrile ruling came down , this standard actually cements the divide between the rich and the poor , between the powerful and the powerless .
This newspaper 's editorial of August 21 , 2015 zeroed in on what may be the real precedent-setting consequence of the Enrile case : “ the heart of Enrile 's case lies not in emphasizing their old age and frail health but in challenging the very concept of prima facie evidence , the cornerstone of our prosecutorial system : One of only two exceptions allowing the accused to post bail even in nonbailable crimes involves the presence of ‘ strong evidence of guilt . ' Enrile 's challenge is that the evidence can be found strong ( or not ) only by the court , and only after the prosecution has finished presenting its evidence . ”
Pork barrel scam
The rulings by the Sandiganbayan 's First Division of December 1 , 2014 and of March 26 , 2015 , denying Revilla 's motion for reconsideration and to add evidence , comprehensively present the case against granting Revilla 's application for bail . ( “ However , the Court cautions that such conclusion shall not be regarded as a prejudgment on the merits of the case that are to be determined only after a full-blown trial . ” )
First : Revilla , their representative Richard Cambe , and alleged pork barrel scam mastermind Janet Lim Napoles are accused of conspiring to “ wilfully , unlawfully , and criminally amass , accumulate and/or acquire ill-gotten wealth ” amounting to P224.5 million . They did so through fraudulent schemes involving the Priority Development Assistance Fund .
Second : The Sandiganbayan was already able to determine that , of the P224.5 million total , “ the prosecution has so far strongly proven the amount of P103,000,000 … the total amount received by accused Cambe for Revilla . ”
Third : The witnesses against Revilla , Cambe , and Napoles gave credible testimony that stood up in court , corroborated by the electronic and other forms of evidence .
Thus : “ After a solicitous assessment of the evidence so far presented by the prosecution , the Court finds and declares that there is a strong proof to believe that accused Revilla , Cambe and Napoles committed the crime of plunder . Hence , they should be denied bail . ”
This categorical finding is diametrically opposite candidate Duterte 's categorical promise .
At the Bacoor assembly , the Revilla supporter who asked Mr. Duterte prefaced their question with a confession : “ Namimiss na namin ang aming mahal na senador [ We miss our beloved senator ] . ” Without skipping a beat , Mr. Duterte replied : “ Pareho tayo , kaibigan ko man [ Me too , he 's my friend ] . ”
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The historic picture of a dying Hector Pieterson in the 1976 Soweto uprising was revived and desecrated in an invitation allegedly crafted by members of Selborne College in East London .
The image which was used in an invitation to matriculants for a reunion at the school 's Old Boys Club and has been widely circulated on social media .
The Old Selbornian Association has distanced itself from the image , IOL reported .
Alan Parsons , executive director of the Old Selbornian Association , denied the invitation had been a formal one issued by the association .
They said the poster had been sent out as part of a social event planned for matric pupils following the end of their end of their exams and was not authorised or sent by him .
IOL reported that Parsons had requested time to provide a detailed response to the alleged invitation , but had yet to do so at the time of publishing on Friday .
@ Julius_S_Malema Do n't know if you 've seen this but , ,jus thot I shud .. Selbourne College in East London .. Yo thoughts plz pic.twitter.com/ZpSsSSJijx — GEMINI_18_JUNE ( @ Somnandi81 ) December 2 , 2017
This picture has caused public outrage with many sharing their disappointment and anger over the image .
Absolutely ridiculous that you would allow this to even go to print , @ SelbourneCollege .... clearly your standards of education are NOT what it should be ! — MT ( @ MTimmal ) December 2 , 2017
Selbourne College advertises handing over of blazers by parodying a tragic , iconic event our struggle history .
It is shocking , painful and totally unacceptable . It is a total insult to the vast majority of South Africans ! pic.twitter.com/ENNiLOA8Sp pic.twitter.com/7ArwHqGtXs — ANC footsoldier ( @ MarionHarning ) December 1 , 2017
After a gap of 3.5 years , I 've finally updated the ‘ A Byte of Python ' book .
The interesting news is that it is updated for the upcoming Python 3.0 language making it probably the first book to be released for Python 3.0 .
The book is now a wiki too at www.swaroopch.com/notes/Python which means you can contribute too !
The book and wiki are now under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported license . The Non-Commercial clause present in the previous edition of the book has been removed . It was becoming a hurdle for translators as well as people who wanted to use the book for genuinely good activities , so I decided it to drop the clause .
Since it is a wiki , volunteers can directly create their translations on the wiki . This eliminates the need to learn DocBook XML and its tools which had become a hindrance for many translators , and I 'm glad to see this already bearing fruit with Eirik Vågeskar starting off a Norwegian translation at www.swaroopch.com/notes/Python_nb-no : Forord .
I will soon be making a printed version of the book available as I have had many requests for this .
So back to the main question : Why an update after nearly 4 years ? Two reasons .
First , because of foss.in . I dedicate this new release to the foss.in community for their spirit and enthusiasm over the years which have rubbed off on me and kept me working on the update of the book .
Second , Over the past few years , the readers ' reactions have been simply splendid :
Neil ( bigdealneil-at-yahoo-dot-com ) said :
“ ( I ) got an if else to work and I can follow your tutorial , which I have never been able to do no matter who wrote the thing ! you 're a genius Swaroop ! ”
Gao shuai ( ejwjvh-at-126-dot-com ) took the effort taken to write an email to me in English :
dear swaroop :
I am a chinese student.My name is gao shuai , ” gao ” is my family name .
Although your book is easy to understand , but my english is bad , so what I read is the chinese edition .
I have made some programs now.It is interesting.I like it very much .
I emailed back and they replied :
Mr Swaroop :
I am exciting to read your back . _ ( Editor 's note : I think they means ‘ reply ' ) _
Tt is the first time that I talk to foreigner though the internet .
I saw that you have your own mail ab.I think You 're a great man .
Thanks for your back ! ( * ^_^ * )
regards ,
gaoshuai
The interesting part is that this student somewhere in China was being benefited by this book and they “ talked to a foreigner through the internet for the first time ” and that person was me . It was truly humbling .
People are even putting ads for it , and I had no clue about it until I chanced upon it myself :
If that was n't enough , I found out that there are 8-9 university courses officially using the book , including Harvard and other institutions . And apparently even NASA is using the book in their Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Users have suggested that it should replace the official tutorial but I really would n't go as far as that : )
Recently , I had sent a sneak peek for the book 's group of readers and within a day , I had the first 10 $ donation by Horst JENS . I remembered seeing that name somewhere , so I searched my emails and found this :
On Mar 4 , 2007 :
“ Hello Swaroop , i teach a class of ( 3 ) Children how to program in Python . Just want to thank you because without your ‘ a byte of python ' ( that i read one year ago ) i would maybe never have begun to code in python and consequently would never have leaved my old job to become a Python teacher . ”
A person in Vienna , Austria changed their career from a sys-admin job which they did n't like , to teaching children about programming , a job they love . Wow ! Again , this is so humbling . I could have never imagined that a small book can make such a difference .
The point is that I 'm grateful for all these people writing to me and sharing their delight and stories . The book is still alive and kicking thanks to all these people .
Happy programming !
Senate Republicans are threatening to change a custom that allows Democratic senators to block some judicial choices from their states , in an effort to speed along a conservative transformation of the federal judiciary .
Leaders are considering a change to the Senate 's “ blue slip ” practice , which holds that judicial nominations will not proceed unless the nominee 's home-state senators signal their consent to the Senate Judiciary Committee . Republicans say they will make the change if Democrats throw up blanket opposition to President Trump 's nominees .
Adherence to the custom has waxed and waned , depending on the views of Senate leaders . But the rule was strictly observed during the Obama administration , and GOP opposition to President Barack Obama 's nominees partly explains why Trump entered office with more than 120 judicial vacancies to fill .
Removing the blue-slip obstacle would make it much easier for Trump 's choices to be confirmed . Although Trump and Senate Republicans have clashed early in their presidency , they agree on the importance of putting conservatives on the federal bench .
Senate Republicans changed the chamber 's filibuster rule in April to confirm Neil M. Gorsuch as a Supreme Court justice and applauded Trump 's first round of nominations for federal circuit and district courts . Their choices were drawn in part from the recommendations of conservative groups such as the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation .
The Senate acted Thursday on Trump 's first appeals-court nomination , elevating U.S. District Judge Amul Thapar of Kentucky to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit , which covers Kentucky , Michigan , Ohio and Tennessee . Thapar was confirmed 52 to 44 on a party-line vote , with four Democrats not voting . Thapar 's nomination did not raise blue-slip concerns , because both of Kentucky 's senators are Republican and Thapar is a favorite of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) .
Conservative groups have urged McConnell and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles E. Grassley ( R-Iowa ) to loosen the blue-slip rules — especially on nominees to regional appellate courts — and Republicans have warned Democrats that uncompromising opposition to Trump 's nominees could trigger a change .
“ Everybody agrees that blue slips on federal district judges are appropriate where the districts are contained within a state , and that 's been the tradition , ” said Sen. John Cornyn ( R-Tex . ) , the chamber 's second-ranking Republican . “ My sense is that we 're going to establish a pattern where a blue slip at the circuit-court level is an expression of advice but is not determinative as to whether that judge will be confirmed or not . ”
Democrats say that would be a substantial reworking of the rules and inconsistent with Grassley 's pledge to retain the blue-slip process no matter which party captured the White House last year .
“ Eliminating the blue slip is essentially a move to end cooperation between the executive and legislative branch on judicial nominees , allowing nominees to be hand-picked by right-wing groups , ” Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif. ) , the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee , wrote in a memo this week .
They pointed out that the vacancy for which Thapar is nominated exists only because McConnell refused to return a blue slip for Obama 's nominee , Kentucky Supreme Court Justice Lisabeth Tabor Hughes . The seat has been vacant since 2013 , and Tabor Hughes never received a hearing , because blue slips were not returned .
Christopher Kang , who advised Obama on judicial nominations , said that was the reason 17 of the president 's picks did not receive hearings , killing the nominations .
But the impact was even greater than that , because Obama gave up on trying to find nominees in some states , such as Texas , with two Republican senators . One vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit , which covers Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas , has been open for five years .
“ There 's no question that the blue-slip process greatly influenced the way President Obama chose nominees and whether they received hearings , ” Kang said .
Now , liberal groups that denounced Republican stalling over Obama nominees — their picks languished longer before action than did President George W. Bush 's — are urging Democratic senators to use blue slips to block Trump nominees . Conservative groups until recently defended the process as time-honored .
Because it is a custom of the Senate and not a legal requirement , the blue-slip process has been interpreted different ways over the years .
Until the 1950s , objections by home-state senators did not hang up judicial nominations , according to a Congressional Research Service report . But during the civil rights movement , Southern lawmakers demanded more say over the judges from their states and succeeded in winning more deference . This proved temporary . By the 1980s , this deference was again on the wane . Then , during Obama 's tenure , senators were yet again able to assert their power to block judicial nominees .
“ The blue-slip process was always intended to ensure consultation , and Grassley fully expects senators to continue to abide by that tradition , ” said Taylor Foy , a Grassley spokesperson .
But Democratic aides said that they expected Grassley and the White House to adhere to the stricter interpretation followed when Obama was president and that Grassley is now reneging on vows made to Democrats that they would preserve the blue-slip system no matter who was elected president in 2016 . That 's what they believed in 2015 , when they wrote in the Des Moines Register that “ I appreciate the value of the blue-slip process and also intend to honor it . ”
Russell Wheeler , a Brookings Institution scholar who follows judicial nominations , said allegiance is situational .
“ All of a sudden , Republicans are discovering the blue-slip process can be abused , when in fact they 've been abusing them to get all of these vacancies for Trump to fill , ” they said .
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) blasted Republicans for departing from tradition , saying in a statement , “ The Constitution requires the advice and consent of the Senate , not right wing interest groups , on the president 's judicial nominees . ”
But there is little that Democrats can do to stop Trump from nominating conservative judges and the Republican-controlled Senate from confirming them . It was Democrats , when they controlled the Senate in 2013 , who changed the rules barring filibusters on judicial nominees , which required 60 votes to move forward on a nomination .
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D-R.I. ) , a former U.S. attorney and state attorney general who is among the most liberal members of the Judiciary Committee , said they doubt that Grassley “ would want to dismantle that long-standing Senate prerogative just to cater to the extremist impulses of this particular administration . ”
Given that appellate court seats are historically connected to individual states , “ they should continue to be able to make recommendations , ” Whitehouse said . “ I think that would be a really dumb mistake to make just to appease the far right , because it would have lasting consequences that would diminish the Senate both for Republican and Democrat senators . ”
Leonard Leo , who is advising the White House on judicial nominations , said the potential of changing the blue-slip process has not altered the tradition of consulting with home-state senators .
“ The administration has engaged in as vigorous a consulting process as I 've ever seen and is doing anything they can to hear out Democratic senators , ” they said .
Trump has nominated 10 judges in addition to Thapar , and two of them are from states represented in the Senate by Democrats . Minnesota Supreme Court Associate Justice David R. Stras and Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan L. Larsen were on Trump 's list of potential U.S. Supreme Court picks . Stras is nominated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit and Larsen to the 6th Circuit .
Michigan 's Democratic senators , Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters , said they were “ informed ” of Trump 's intention to nominate Larsen and have made no judgment about them “ I will continue to listen to public input and consult with Michigan 's legal community to ensure that our state is served by highly qualified , fair and impartial judges that put the people of Michigan first , ” Stabenow said in a statement .
Minnesota 's Democratic senators , Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken , also have been noncommittal about Stras .
But they are insisting on maintaining the deference they now receive .
“ It 's customary that the blue-slip process applies equally to both district and circuit court nominees — and Republicans certainly operated that way during the Obama administration , ” Franken said , adding , “ The committee should continue this custom and not change it simply because there 's a new president in the White House . ”
In a pair of recent essays , Timothy Edgar , the academic director of law and policy at Brown University 's Executive Master in Cybersecurity program , has outlined the legal basis for how a President Donald Trump could potentially shut down the U.S. internet in response to a national security crisis .
Edger 's concerns stem from Trump 's statements on the campaign trail about `` the cyber . '' In an op-ed for the Christian Science Monitor , Edgar wrote ,
The view that the internet should be open , interoperable , and free from state censorship has been a pillar of American policy since the 1990s . Mr. Trump sharply departs from this establishment consensus . `` We 're losing a lot of people because of the internet , '' they mused at a rally in South Carolina last year , referring to the online recruitment efforts of terrorist groups . `` We have to talk ... about , maybe in certain areas , closing that internet up in some way . ''
They continue ,
While presidents have abused surveillance powers in the past , we have never before elected a man who openly promises to do so . `` I want surveillance of these people , '' Trump announced late last year , referring to Muslim Americans . They warned that `` certain things will be done that we never thought would happen in this country '' including policies that `` were frankly unthinkable a year ago . ''
In a follow-up post at the Lawfare Blog , they add ,
We already know what Trump thinks . Immediately after suggesting internet filtering , Trump said , `` Somebody will say , 'Oh , freedom of speech , freedom of speech . ' These are foolish people . ''
So , in Edgar 's estimation , we need to take seriously Trump 's statements and what they might portend for the future of internet security and privacy . I think this is a wise move .
But certainly our laws and bureaucracy would prevent efforts to surveil and censor the internet on a mass scale , right ? Mr. Edgar is not optimistic . In their CSM piece , they remind us that
If Trump decides to build a great firewall , they may not need Congress . Section 606 of the Communications Act of 1934 provides emergency powers to seize control of communications facilities if the president declares there is a `` war or threat of war '' or `` a state of public peril . '' In 2010 , a Senate report concluded that section 606 `` gives the President the authority to take over wire communications in the United States and , if the President so chooses , shut a network down . '' With a stroke of a pen , Trump could invoke it .
In their Lawfare post , they adds
Section 606 has never been applied to the internet , but there is nothing in the law that explicitly says it can not be . The question is whether the government 's statutory authority over traditional telecommunications under 606 extends to the internet . The issue is similar to the question of whether the FCC can use its regulatory authority to impose “ net neutrality ” rules under other provisions of the statute . In June 2016 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit upheld the FCC 's power to impose “ net neutrality ” rules . If Trump wants to “ close that internet up , ” all they will need is an opinion from their Attorney General that section 606 gives them authority to do so , and that the threat of terrorism is compelling enough to override any First Amendment concerns .
Our commitment to democratic values and respect for freedom of speech may not be as strong as we think and may not be enough to stop such a move by Trump . Other liberal , democratic governments , including the U.K. , France , Germany , and Australia , have imposed increased surveillance or flirted with the idea of internet censorship .
Desire for such moves are not unprecedented in the United States and are not limited to Trump and Republicans . Let 's not forget Independent Senator Joseph Lieberman 's 2010 attempt to create an `` Internet kill switch '' for the President . Sen. Lieberman pointed to China as their inspiration for giving the President such capability .
We need the capacity for the president to say , Internet service provider , we 've got to disconnect the American Internet from all traffic coming in from another foreign country… Right now , China , the government , can disconnect parts of its Internet in a case of war . We need to have that here , too .
Given the ongoing erosion of privacy rights across Western democracies and bipartisan support for similar efforts in the United States , Mr. Edgar ominously wars ,
Mr. Snowden , in their first interview from Hong Kong , warned against `` turnkey tyranny . '' One day , they said , `` a new leader will be elected '' and `` they 'll find the switch . '' It is time to prepare for the key to start turning .
Unfortunately , I can only agree .
This post originally appeared at seanlawson.net .
Correction : This post has been updated to note that Sen. Lieberman was an Independent in 2010 , not a Democrat as originally stated .
MINNEAPOLIS - The brother of a Canadian who killed themselves after being encouraged by an online predator says combating suicide is far more important than the latest court decision involving the man convicted in their sister 's death .
A Minnesota appeal court upheld the conviction of former U.S. nurse William Melchert-Dinkel on Tuesday .
The 49-year-old from Faribault , Minn. , was found to have scanned online chat rooms for suicidal people while posing as a female nurse before giving 18-year-old Nadia Kajouji and a British man instructions on how to kill themselves .
Kajouji was a student at Carleton University in Ottawa when they jumped into a frozen river in 2008 after several conversations with Melchert-Dinkel .
Them older brother , Marc Kajouji , said the way Melchert-Dinkel 's legal proceedings have dragged on for years made it a little bit harder for the family to gain closure .
`` You know nothing is going to bring my sister back so really it does n't matter what anybody does or how anyone 's punished . The worst punishment has already been handed down , and that happened March 8 , 2008 , '' they said , referring to the day their sister took their own life .
Their sister 's death has , however , driven them to reach out to others touched by suicide .
`` ( It 's about ) being able to save others , because nothing is going to bring Nadia back , '' they said , adding that they use their sister 's story as a `` reason to hold on to life . ''
Melchert-Dinkel was convicted last year of two counts of aiding suicide — in Nadia Kajouji 's death and in the 2005 hanging death of 32-year-old Mark Drybrough , of Coventry , England .
Melchert-Dinkel acknowledged what they did was morally wrong but argued they had merely exercised their right to free speech . They had said the Minnesota law used to convict them was unconstitutional .
The Minnesota Court of Appeals disagreed , saying Tuesday that the First Amendment does not bar the state from prosecuting someone for `` instructing ( suicidal people on ) how to kill themselves and coaxing them to do so . ''
`` We are confident that the Constitution does not immunize Melchert-Dinkel 's morbid , predatory behaviour simply because it appears in the form of written words , '' the justices ' 31-page decision said .
Melchert-Dinkel 's attorney , Terry Watkins , said that while their client 's actions are unsavoury , they still believe they are protected by the First Amendment 's guarantee of freedom of speech . They plan to appeal to the state Supreme Court .
Court documents show Melchert-Dinkel was obsessed with suicide and searched online for depressed people . When they found them , they posed as a suicidal female nurse , feigned compassion and offered instructions on how they could kill themselves .
Melchert-Dinkel told police they did it for the `` thrill of the chase . ''
According to court documents , they acknowledged participating in online chats about suicide with up to 20 people and entering into fake suicide pacts with about 10 , five of whom they believed killed themselves .
More than four years after their sister 's death , Marc Kajouji has been able to turn their grief into fuel for raising awareness about suicide .
They became involved with a suicide prevention organization , YourLifeCounts.org , and believes the pain of their sister 's death has inspired their family to support others in similar situations .
`` You know , part of me did n't want to get involved because it 's a constant reminder of why I 'm doing the work , '' they said . `` But you have to do things for others when you go through such a tragedy . ''
The Kajouji family is still coping with their loss in many ways .
`` You just have to deal with it as a family day by day and kind of realize that as their birthday came on June 8th , there 's no birthday that we can celebrate with her , '' they said .
`` I think it 's the holiday dates and the anniversary dates of their missing and taking their own life are what makes it the hardest . ''
Evidence has shown that in the days before their death , Nadia Kajouji was participating in online chats with Melchert-Dinkel , who was claiming to be a 31-year-old emergency room nurse with the username `` Cami . ''
Kajouji had said they wanted to commit suicide but was afraid of failing .
On March 1 , 2008 , when Kajouji said they planned to jump into a river the following Sunday , Cami said they would hang themselves together the next day .
`` We are together in this , '' Kajouji wrote .
`` Yes I promise , Monday will be my day , '' Cami replied .
Ottawa police said Kajouji disappeared March 9 , 2008 . Them body was found six weeks later .
During Melchert-Dinkel 's appeals process , their lawyer argued that their client did n't talk anyone into suicide but instead offered emotional support to two people who had already decided to take their lives .
Prosecutors said they convinced their victims to do something they might not have done without him .
The appeals court agreed . The justices noted that both Kajouji and Drybrough died shortly after Melchert-Dinkel sent each of them a series of Internet messages `` prodding them to kill themselves . ''
They said Melchert-Dinkel `` encouraged '' Kajouji by `` fortifying their suicide decision through deceit . ''
`` Put in its true light , Melchert-Dinkel hunted emotionally vulnerable persons — pitiable victims of obvious mental illness who stood precariously on the edge of death , '' the justices wrote . `` Then , veiled behind a fictitious identity and deceitful words ... they pushed . ''
Melchert-Dinkel was sentenced to more than six years in prison , but they wo n't serve that if they follow terms of their parole , which include 360 days in jail .
The jail time — which was on hold while their appeal was pending — was split so he 'll serve 320 days upfront , then two-day stints on the anniversary of each victim 's death for 10 years .
Melchert-Dinkel 's nursing license was revoked in 2009 .
Comments :
This was the first show for Mercyful Fate in the USA .
Slayer was announced to be the opening act at the show that was originally scheduled to the 18th of october , but that show was cancelled , due to Mercyful Fate 's equipment was held up at customs . Local punk band Final Warning was added as the opening act instead at the rescheduled show on the 20th .
The encore had the `` Nun '' come out in their habit . King then strips them and `` crucifies '' them By the second date of the tour in San Francisco the `` nun '' was no longer a part of the show .
On the 19th of October , Mercyful Fate did an appearance at the For What It 's Worth Records And Tapes in Beaverton , Oregon , USA . ( A suburb of Portland . )
Some of you might have caught wind of self-described Islam-hater Geert Wilders ' little jaunt through Ontario last month , during which the controversial Dutchman performed their usual routine , viz. , warning of increasing Islamicisation of Europe thanks to the failure of European multiculturalism to assimilate immigrants from muslim countries . They also warned Canadians that our own multicultural model was similarly doomed to fail :
Wilders , noting that Canadians recently elected a majority Conservative government , said that if Canadians want to conserve their way of life , they need to pressure the Tories to adopt certain policies : curbing immigration from Islamic countries , expelling immigrants who turn to crime , stopping the construction of mosques and closing Islamic schools , where , they said , hatred against western values is promulgated .
That is from a disappointingly credulous report from my old colleague at the Ottawa Citizen , Robert Sibley . However accurate Wilders ' views may be of Holland , and perhaps of Europe in general , when it comes to Canada ( and the United States as well ) , they appear to be considerably at odds with the facts .
One of the longest-standing myths about immigration in Canada is that while America has always been a “ melting pot ” , insisting that immigrants assimilate to American society , Canada – at least since 1971 – has promoted a multicultural “ mosaic ” , which encourages immigrants to retain their social customs and cultural traditions from the old country . It 's not true , and probably never was – I wrote a column debunking this way of thinking about things a while ago .
In fact , a new study by Duke University economics professor Jacob Vigdor , conducted for the ( decidedly right-wing , it might be emphasized ) Manhattan Institute , suggests that when it comes to assimilating immigrants , Canada is the most successful in the world , followed closely by the United States . ( With the caveat that Portugal actually has higher assimilation rates than the US , which is skewed quite heavily by the fact that almost all immigration to Portugal consists of Portuguese speakers from former colonies , where the immigrants are given immediate citizenship ) .
But according to Vigdor 's paper , the patterns are clear :
1 . Across all major immigrant groups –Indians , Asians , Africans , Eastern Europeans – immigrants to Canada are the most assimilated in the world , followed by immigrants to the United States .
2 . This pattern holds for muslim immigrants , who are most integrated in Canada , followed closely by the United States .
3 . Even when it comes to America 's stickiest immigration problem – the low assimilation rates of Mexicans and Central Americans – “ Muslim immigrants in Italy and Switzerland are much less assimilated than Mexican and Central American immigrants are in the United States . Muslim immigrants ' standing in Spain is roughly equal to the standing of Mexicans and Central Americans in the United States . ”
For Vigdor , “ assimilation ” is a measure of the degree to which immigrants become indistinguishable from native-born members of a society , based on a handful of economic ( e.g . employment rates for men and women ) , civic ( e.g . naturalization rates ) , and cultural ( marital status , home ownership , ) indicators . When you drill down into the data a bit , the differences that emerge between Canada and the USA on the one hand , and Europe on the other , are pretty remarkable . Take the gap between immigrant and native employment rates for males :
In most countries , native-born males are more likely to be employed than male immigrants . The most striking gaps occur in the Netherlands , where natives are more than 20 percentage points more likely to be employed than immigrants , and in France , where the gap stands at 10 percentage points . In the United States , native-born males are 5 percentage points more likely to be employed—a gap similar to those observed in the U.K. and Switzerland .
Or since we 're supposed to be worried about them , let 's consider muslims . Muslims in Canada have a higher assimilation rate than any other country in the world . When it comes to a comparison with Europe , the gap is enormous . And the USA is close behind Canada ; in fact “ In the United States , immigrants born in predominantly Muslim nations are more assimilated than the rest of the foreign-born population , and this is true in the United States alone. ” ( my bold ) . Another interesting nugget from the data : The female employment rate for muslim immigrants in Canada is 49 % , and is 50 % in the USA . Compare this with a female employment rate for native-born women in Greece ( 40 % ) Italy ( 44 % ) and Spain ( 42 % ) .
Vigdor attributes Canada 's success in assimilating immigrants to three main factors : First our relatively easy three-year path to naturalization . Second , our wide tolerance for dual citizenship . But third , and most crucially , our points-based system for selecting immigrants based on workplace skills . That system is being widely studied and adopted by other countries such as Australia ( who is putting its system in place this summer ) It is certainly controversial –Canada has been accused of poaching the best from the immigrant pool .
This is certainly worth debating , as are other questions such as the merits of assimilation in the first place . But when it comes to bringing people to our country and turning them into Canadians , our system works extremely well . Whatever problems Holland and Europe may have , with muslims or people from any other country for that matter , when it comes to Canada , Geert Wilders simply does n't know what they are talking about . The people who brought them here , promoted their talks , and reported on their views without criticism should be ashamed .
Editor 's Note : This post has been updated to reflect our selections for 2016 .
It 's 2016 . You have Internet access and a mailbox . There 's no longer any excuse to be dining on anything but the highest-quality meat you can find . Wagyu beef , local goat , French-style chicken , grass-fed lamb , woodland-raised pigs , roast duck , double-smoked Danish salmon , whole lobes of foie gras , elk…it 's all within reach . Avoid restaurant prices , fire up the grill and cook yourself a steak or a slab of ribs worthy of the price of shipping and handling . Here are our 10 favorite online purveyors of high-quality meat .
Heritage Foods USA
Best for Goat : Heritage Foods USA is a Brooklyn-based purveyor of all types of mail-order meat , from pork to beef to poultry . But their most interesting product comes backed with a surprising mission : with “ No Goat Left Behind , ” Heritage is trying to keep goat kids ( often viewed as an unfortunate byproduct of goat milk ) alive long enough to grow into full-sized , edible goats . The result is a fantastic mail-order meat that tastes a bit more delicate and grassy than lamb and amounts to a surprising addition to your dinner menu .
Rare Gourmet Meats
Best for Dry-Aged Beef : Founded with the noble philosophy of bringing restaurant-quality meats to everyone , anywhere , this California-based farm served up the best steak one of our staffers had ever eaten . Run by Debbie Rocker , whose family has been delivering meat to L.A. 's best chefs for 50 years , and Shelly Youree , a rancher turned lawyer turned meat aficionado , this is among the best places to go for everything from dry-aged porterhouse steaks to buttery Wagyu , including poultry and pork add-ons , just in case . Just expect to pay handsomely for it .
Joyce Farms
Best for Chicken : Compared to Belcampo 's shock-and-awe campaigns , Joyce Farms offers a much more nuanced approach to delivering the goods . The Poulet Rouge Fermier chicken , the breed that led French poultry to the world-renowned status it has today , is their weapon of choice . Joyce Farms 's North Carolina-raised Poulet Rouge is hailed for its excellent meat texture and thinner skin than traditional birds , and thanks to Joyce 's strict quality standards , you can be sure the chickens only had one unhappy day in their lives .
D'Artagnan
Best for the Luxurious : If you 're looking for a more luxurious mail-order meat company and hoping to supplement your delivery of pre-peeled grapes , look no further than D'Artagnan 's impressive selection of all that 's good in the world . They 've got the “ traditional ” Wagyu beef and lamb racks , but the real treasure is their massive assortment of foie gras , duck , upland birds and game meat . Fill out the order with some duck fat , truffles and caviar , and you 'll be all set for your normal Thursday Night Football game dinner .
Snake River Farms
Best for Pork : One of Oliver Cromwell 's few redeeming acts while marauding their way across the British Isles is the claimed discovery of the best pork in history : the Berkshire Hog . The superior texture and taste of this king of other white meats was eventually given to the Japanese as a diplomatic gift and dubbed “ Kurobuta. ” Luckily for us Yankees , mail-order Kurobuta pork and ham can be found stateside courtesy of Idaho 's Snake River Farms , a small network of family farms devoted bringing the best meat Japan has to offer across the Pacific .
Buy Your Meat Local , Try a CSA is one of the best , and sadly one of the only , good ways to support young local farms . Customers pay for “ subscriptions ” to the farm , and the farm provides a varied assortment of produce , meat or dairy , depending on their seasonal output . The concept works well to land fresh meat , and the following are some of the best . Although by virtue of being so localized , you may have to do a little digging to find a CSA in your area . Brandon Natural Beef : More established than some of the other CSAs on this list , this farm delivers 100 percent grass-fed beef to the Bay Area , California , with the option to ship out of state . Learn More Catoctin Mountain Farm : Two friends , on a farm high in the mountains of Maryland , produce the best woodland-raised pork , along with the occasional batch of duck eggs , we 've ever tasted . They provide monthly deliveries to Frederick , Baltimore , and D.C . Learn More Green Gate Farms : Since 2006 , this certified organic farm , located near Austin , Texas , produces a large range of meats : chicken , rare-breed pork , beef , bison , duck , goat , lamb and mutton . Learn More Maple Wind Farm : Since 1999 , Maple Wind Farm has supplied pork , poultry and beef to northern Vermont . Orders can be customized . Learn More Mint Creek Farm : The Carr family started their farm in 1992 with 50 acres , and have steadily grown to over 220 Certified-Organic-producing acres . Their CSA , available from their Illinois farm , includes cuts of lamb , pork , beef , goat and poultry . Learn More
Belcampo Meat Co .
Best for Big Appetites : If you 're the kind of person who regularly hosts bovine bacchanalia or puts their hamburgers inside a bun of two strip steaks , Belcampo Meat Co. has you covered . Among a mail-order selection of poultry and various cuts of beef , you 'll find the “ 40/40 Steer ” package . Pull the trigger and ( after talking with Belcampo 's butcher to customize your order ) you 'll receive more than 40 pounds of 40-month-old , 40-day-aged , organic and humane certified beef . How quickly it 's consumed is entirely up to you .
Fossil Farms
Best for Game Meat : If you 've grown tired of traditional meat arriving at your door then you 'd best consult Fossil Farms ' awe-inspiring selection of game and exotic meats . Choose from high-quality cuts of kangaroo , alligator , yak and rattlesnake , among many others , to diversify your dinner .
Shepherd Song Farm
Best for Lamb : Looking for a more Shari Lewis take on dinner ? Some of the best lamb in the country can be delivered to your doorstep by Shepherd Song Farm . A family farm based in Downing , WI , Shepherd Song focuses entirely on raising free-range , 100 percent grass-fed lambs and goats . Largely unrelated to the quality of the meat but incredibly cool nonetheless , Shepherd Song uses llamas to protect and guide their flock .
Russ & Daughters
Best for Smoked Fish : There are a handful of things that New Yorkers hold very , very dear : pizza , urban planning and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , among others . And when it comes to smoked whitefish and salmon , they 're like a city of Charlton Hestons : you 'll have to pry those fish out of their cold , dead hands . Luckily , there 's plenty of the stuff to go around , and NYC institution Russ & Daughters will export it anywhere your heart desires . Pair it with some of their bagels and a schmear or two of cream cheese and you 've got a slam dunk skyhook meal .
La Tienda
Best for Spanish Ham : Importing the best Spain has to offer since 1996 , La Tienda is the only company you 'll need if you 're looking for a taste of the Iberian stateside . Their hallmark Jamón Ibérico is sourced from a pig that 's only found on the Iberian peninsula and is cured for four years . The result is a fantastically tender , nutty , flavorful meat that might be the best thing on earth . Get it bone-in if you want to win the kitchen decor arms race .
Additional contribution by J. Travis Smith .
Welles Crowther spent some of the darkest hours in American history saving the lives of strangers .
Crowther , 24 and an equities trader for Sandler O'Neill + Partners , worked on the 104th floor of the World Trade Center 's south tower during 9/11 . A former volunteer firefighter in their hometown of Nyack , N.Y. , they were well versed in the proper way to handle an emergency . When United Airlines Flight 175 struck their building at 9:03 a.m. , they promptly slipped back into the role .
`` Mom , this is Welles . I want you to know that I 'm OK , '' they said in a voicemail left for their mother , Alison , at 9:12 a.m .
Amid the smoke , chaos and debris , Crowther helped injured and disoriented office workers to safety , risking their own life in the process . Though they could n't see much through the haze , those they saved recalled a tall figure wearing a red bandana to shield their lungs and mouth .
They had come down to the 78th-floor sky lobby , an alcove in the building with express elevators meant to speed up trips to the ground floor . In what 's been described as a `` strong , authoritative voice , '' Crowther directed survivors to the stairway and encouraged them to help others while they carried an injured woman on their back . After bringing them 15 floors down to safety , they made their way back up to help others .
One of the women they helped , Judy Rein , credits them with saving their lives .
`` If they had n't come back , I would n't have made it , '' they told CNN in 2002 . `` People can live 100 years and not have the compassion , the wherewithal , to do what they did . ''
A mystery solved : Though Crowther saved at least a dozen lives that day , their identity remained unknown for some time , even to those they helped . Their family — their mother Alison , their father Jefferson and their sisters Paige and Honor — did not know exactly what happened in the hour before they died .
An article in the New York Times changed that . Entitled `` Fighting to Live as the Towers Died , '' the Times interviewed the survivors who made it down from the highest floors alive . In it , eyewitnesses described the figure with a red bandana :
A mysterious man appeared at one point , their mouth and nose covered with a red handkerchief . They were looking for a fire extinguisher . As Judy Wein recalls , they pointed to the stairs and made an announcement that saved lives : Anyone who can walk , get up and walk now . Anyone who can perhaps help others , find someone who needs help and then head down .
A few minutes behind this group was Ling Young , who also survived the impact in the sky lobby . She , too , said they had been steered by the man in the red bandanna , hearing them call out : `` This way to the stairs . ''
Alison Crowther , knowing they always carried a red bandana in their pocket , sent photographs of their son to both Young and Reins , who confirmed that Welles was indeed the man who had saved them .
`` Everything we shared — all the details — led right to Welles , so it was really beautiful , '' Alison Crowther told CNN .
The family later learned that Welles ' body had been recovered with other firefighters with the FDNY . They had been on their way back up the stairs of the South Tower with the `` Jaws of Life , '' likely to help other survivors to safety .
Gone , but never forgotten . Crowther 's selfless act of heroism became a symbol of perseverance , of courage and of hope in the aftermath of 9/11 . Ten years later , ESPN devoted a segment to Crowther , a former Boston College lacrosse player :
President Obama even referenced Crowther 's story at the dedication of the 9/11 Memorial and Museum in May .
`` A young man , in their 20s , strong , emerged from the smoke and , over their nose and their mouth , they wore a red handkerchief , '' Obama said . `` He led those survivors down the stairs to safety and carried a woman on their shoulders down 17 flights , and then they went back . ''
There is , of course , room for less grandiose statements of remembrance . I never met Welles , but I grew up in their small , upstate New York hometown of Nyack . My older sister knew their sister Paige , and their mother was involved in our high school 's music program .
Though I was only 10 years old when the towers fell , I remember , as no doubt everyone does , exactly where I was . And I remember , in the following weeks , hearing the terrible stories of those — far away and close by — who lost their lives .
But I was always struck particularly hard by Welles ' story — I still am — 13 years later . I hope it always stays with me . Their symbol — the red bandana — now means something different . To those they saved , it meant that they were safe , that things would be OK. And to those that knew them — or even to those that did n't — it will always mean that , too .
Parenting and familial relationships were once again the centre of political attention last week . As part of a speech setting out UK government spending priorities , prime minister David Cameron announced that £70million is to be spent in the next five years on ‘ relationship counselling ' . This is in addition to the announcement of a voucher scheme to fund parents to go to parenting classes . Cameron said they wanted parenting classes to become the normal ‘ and even aspirational ' thing for parents to do .
It was under the previous Tory-led coalition government that ‘ parenting classes for all ' were first proposed . In 2011 , the then children 's minister , Sarah Teather , announced that the government would be ‘ offering free parenting classes to over 50,000 mothers and fathers ' as part of a new Department of Education scheme , CANparent . Parents were to be offered vouchers to attend classes run by various charities which , in line with the precepts of ‘ positive parenting ' and assorted other schemes , would teach parents communication skills , boundaries and routines , discipline and positive relationships . The arguments made for CANparent in 2011 , what happened to this scheme over the next two years and the government 's response today are all very telling when it comes to what private life on the one hand and politics on the other have come to mean in 2016 .
In support of CANparent in 2011 , Teather emphasised the idea of ‘ parental determinism ' — that is , the belief that our adult selves are largely determined by how our parents treated us in our early years . ‘ The overwhelming evidence , from all the experts ' , said Teather , ‘ is that a child 's development in the first five years of their life is the single biggest factor influencing their future life chances , health and educational attainment ' . And because parental actions are so important to the development of a child , argued Teather , the state must get more involved in what goes on ‘ behind closed doors ' . ‘ It is the government 's moral and social duty ' , Teather continued , ‘ to make sure we support all parents at this critical time ' . And just in case anyone thought that parenting classes were being aimed at a particular section of society , Teather added : ‘ Parenting classes are n't just for struggling families with complex problems ' ; rather , they are a universal need . When the CANparent scheme was announced , the government was at pains to suggest that it was doing what parents wanted . ‘ Around three-quarters of parents say they want information and support to help their parenting ' , it claimed .
But what happened to CANparent tells a very different story . As was widely reported , the scheme was a total flop . Far from rushing to open up to ‘ parenting professionals ' , parents stayed away . By March 2013 , when the first evaluation of CANparent was published , it emerged that only two per cent of eligible parents had used the vouchers to go to classes . As Frank Furedi argued at the time on spiked , the reason why no one turned up is that parenting classes are a con . As parents well know , it is one thing to seek out genuine expertise and help when a child has specific problems ( for example , parents of a sick or disabled child will do everything they can to get help from doctors and find all the advice possible to make their child 's life better ) . But it is quite another to imagine that parents want to be taught the supposedly general skill of parenting . Rather , being a parent means taking on the responsibility for trying , experimenting , failing and learning from experience over and over again . And parents find that the best people to support them in their childraising are those in their family and local community . But rather than recognising that parents neither want nor need parenting classes , Cameron this week continued to big-up CANparent . They said that those ( few dozen ) parents who went to the classes said they benefitted from them . Cameron 's speech revealed just how deeply entrenched in policymaking circles the idea of parental determinism has become , and how far policymakers are prepared to go to make the case that parenting is politicians ' business .
Latinos are religious , morally conservative and tend disproportionately to join the military . They also tend to be hardworking and entrepreneurial . Do we really have too many of them ?
Do we really want to pack them up , forcibly , by the millions in the greatest forced migration in human history ? How many are there , 15 , maybe 20 million ? No one has ever moved 15 million people against their will . No one has ever moved half that many without concentration camps , forced marches of one form or another and mass death through plague .
If there 's another way to do it , please tell me what it is . But I have n't heard one . What I hear is slogans like ‘ what part of illegal do n't you understand ' and attacks on ‘ amnesty . ' Slogans move callers to dial in to talk radio , but they do n't move 20 million people voluntarily back into poverty and squalor . Soldiers do that ( unhappy ones ) ; box cars full of people do that . Camps surrounded by barbed wire do that . In the end you either let them stay or you herd them out . If you want to call it amnesty , go ahead .
After all , what 's wrong with amnesty ? The idea has a well-worn legal tradition , one strongly associated with the Christian faith . It means forgiveness . After the Civil War , Lincoln offered amnesty to rebel soldiers . Was they wrong to do so ? They had taken up arms against their own government ; they had killed hundreds of thousands . But Lincoln ( as opposed to the radical republicans ) had the wisdom to offer forgiveness . What about runaway slaves after emancipation ? They had broken the law , should n't they have had to pay the price even after the laws were changed ? Of course not . Why should immigration laws be any different ? If we liberalize them , which seems well overdue , should we still punish the people who violated the law which we later deemed too harsh ?
Amnesty is a strong part of the U.S. political tradition . Vietnam draft dodgers received amnesty . Do you think we should track them down and imprison them now ? Conservatives often argue for amnesty . Tax amnesties are a favored release for overburdened tax payers .
Supply-siders rightly argue that widespread tax cheating is a sign that taxes are too high , that they are driving productive people into the black market . They argued that widespread violation of the national 55 mph . speed limit was a sign that law was too restrictive . Americans concluded that widespread violation of prohibition laws ( not just statutes , but an actual part of the Constitution ) was evidence that the law was too strict and that laws like prohibition which are so onerous that otherwise law-abiding citizens broke them , undermine the rule of law .
Ronald Reagan saw it , even if alleged ‘ Reaganites ' do n't . They signed amnesty into law in 1986 , inviting three million ‘ illegals ' to become ‘ legals . ' They even defended the idea in their 1984 Debate with Fritz Mondale : `` I believe in the idea of amnesty for those who have put down roots and lived here , even though sometime back they may have entered illegally . '' Would they do otherwise now ? Would the man who did n't want to deport 3 million of God 's children , now deport 15 or 20 million of them ? Reagan had a completely different idea about immigration and the border from the wall/moat/electrocution/drone model . Their diaries show an emotional discomfort with militarized borders with Mexico . They met with the President of Mexico to try to discuss ways to do something better with the border then to turn it into a fence . Reagan was concerned about a fence , while the recent crop of would-be-Reagans spout nonsense about walls with moats topped by electrified fences .
Reagan was influenced by free-market thought in this regard . Milton Friedman believed that immigration , even illegal immigration , was good for freedom . Their argument , which was in this regard identical to Austrian economists like Ludwig Von Mises , was that human capital should be free to cross borders just like financial capital should be . Forcible interventions into immigration were really just forcible interventions into the labor market designed to restrict wage competition , just like unionism , just like mandated 30-hour work weeks or forced retirement or wage floors . Von Mises saw that `` There can not be the slightest doubt that migration barriers diminish the productivity of human labor . '' - Ludwig Von Mises , Liberalism .
They saw immigration crackdowns as what they are , just another form of protectionism , and , like other forms of protectionism , as dangers to peace : `` In such a world without trade and migration barriers , no incentives for war and conquest are left . '' - Ludwig Von Mises , Human Action .
Both Friedman and Von Mises had concerns about immigration driven by the welfare system . In “ Free to Choose ” Friedman nuances their pro-immigration views by pointing out that one can not have a fully free immigration system when new immigrants can immediately apply for welfare .
In this way , the Friedman position on immigration , as pro-immigrant as it is , falls short of the Biblical one , which not only encourages immigration , but even encourages immigrants to participate in the social relief system of Ancient Israel .
The anti-immigrant impulse also falls short of the vision of the Founders . This is one issue where the TEA Parties have to diligently study the writings of the Fathers to get things right . The Founders wanted a big and growing country with lots of immigrants . In fact , immigration was one of the causes for the War for Independence . Apparently King George was n't letting us get enough of it . Jefferson complained :
“ He has endeavored to prevent the population of these States ; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners ; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither , and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands . ”
Healthy and growing nations talk this way and Malthusianism be damned . More people means mostly more minds and hands , not mostly more mouths . It was taken as a given by the founders that population growth is a good , and that policy should encourage it . Healthy nations grow and talk about immigrants as source of hope . Anything else has just too much of the death rattle of empire to it .
What does the Constitution say about immigration ? Really only two things : first that it 's generally up to Congress what the rules should be—they can loosen and tighten the standards as they see fit . Second , it makes an exception : No matter what Congress says , children born here ( with the exception of those born to families such as diplomats who are not under our legal jurisdiction ) are citizens . No amount of torturing the text can change the fact that the children of illegal immigrants are citizens . So what are the family values conservatives going to do , send the parents or grandparents packing , while the kids stay here ? This is pro-family ?
We need a re-set on this issue . Freedom , growth , assimilation , more freedom , more growth , more assimilation : that 's our heritage . If the Republican Party gets tagged at the anti-Latino party , because we give into austerity economic models and zero sum game theory , we 're dead . And we will have brought it on ourselves .
Fire engulfs the Branch Davidian compound near Waco , Texas , April 19 , 1993 . ( AP Photo/Ron Heflin ) ( AP Photo/Ron Heflin )
It 's been 25 years to the day since the standoff began between the federal government and the Branch Davidians in Waco , Texas .
What began as the longest shoot-out in American law-enforcement history turned into a weeks-long siege that ended 51 days later with 75 people dead , many of them women and children . It also left a lot of questions .
In 1995 , FRONTLINE obtained access to the Waco files — 7,000 government photographs , wiretaps and hundreds of hours of telephone negotiation tapes that had never been publicly revealed . The collection , along with interviews by FRONTLINE with some of the main actors involved , offered new insight into the Davidians , their compound standoff , and its fiery conclusion .
Here are the most surprising revelations from FRONTLINE 's Waco : The Inside Story :
Nobody knows who shot first .
Gunfire broke out on the compound when ATF agents arrived with arrest and search warrants against David Koresh and the Branch Davidian compound , based on evidence that the Davidians were illegally stockpiling weapons . How did the shootout begin ? It still is n't clear . But amid the gunfire , Koresh called 911 to report the shooting — and to preach .
A partial transcript of the call :
911 OPERATOR : 911 . DAVID KORESH : Hello ? 911 OPERATOR : Yes ? DAVID KORESH : This is Dave Koresh . 911 OPERATOR : This is who , sir ? DAVID KORESH : David Koresh , Mount Carmel Center . We 're being shot all up out here . 911 OPERATOR : Okay . Where are you ? DAVID KORESH : Where am I ? I 'm at Mount Carmel Center ! 911 OPERATOR : Okay , hang on just a second . DAVID KORESH : All right . DEPUTY SHERIFF : Yeah , this is Lynch [ sp ? ] . DAVID KORESH : Hey , Lynch ? DEPUTY SHERIFF : Yeah ? DAVID KORESH : This is David Koresh — DEPUTY SHERIFF : Okay , David . DAVID KORESH : — the notorious . Why 'd you go and do that for ? You brought a bunch of guys out here and —
Then Koresh , in the midst of the gunfire , began to preach from the Bible .
DAVID KORESH : There are seven seals . DEPUTY SHERIFF : All right .
David Koresh was n't their real name .
It 's actually Vernon Wayne Howell . Born in 1959 , Koresh grew up in Houston , Texas , the son of a single mother . Koresh told the FBI in their late-night chats during the standoff that they were a lonely child , teased by other kids who called them “ Vernie. ” They struggled in school , but was drawn to the Bible , large portions of which they memorized despite being dyslexic .
Koresh joined the Branch Davidians at age 22 , and became involved with the sect 's prophetess , Lois Roden . After they died , Koresh challenged Lois ' son George for control , showing up with seven heavily armed followers at the Waco compound . Roden ended up shot in the head and chest , and Koresh and their men were charged with attempted murder . The seven were acquitted ; a mistrial was declared for Koresh , who told the jury they 'd aimed at a tree .
Then , they assumed leadership of the Branch Davidians . That 's when they changed their name to David Koresh — “ for publicity and business purposes , ” according to court documents .
What did their new last name mean ? They told one FBI agent at first that it meant death , and then that it was a surname from God .
Koresh told their followers they were the Messiah — but they may not have believed it himself .
FBI agents told FRONTLINE that any Branch Davidians who wanted to leave the compound had to undergo an “ exit interview ” with Koresh , who would remind the wayward follower that to abandon them was to reject salvation .
But they may not have actually believed this himself , according to one negotiator who engaged Koresh in conversation during the standoff . In transcripts of their conversation with Byron Sage , an FBI negotiator , Koresh danced around the question :
SAGE : And so you are now claiming clearly and simply that you are the Christ . KORESH : I am saying that no man can know me nor my father unless they open their book and give a fair chance in honesty and equity to see the seals .
After that conversation , Sage told FRONTLINE they were convinced Koresh was lying . “ I tell them that I am absolutely confident in my salvation and he 's not in a position to challenge it , ” they said . “ Now , if anyone was in a position to try to challenge my faith as a Christian , it would be someone that perceives themselves to be Christ . They do not assume that posture . From that point forward , it is absolutely patently clear in my mind what we 're dealing with . This guy is not delusional . They are not a Messianic complex . They do not buy off on their own con . ”
The Davidians thought the Devil rules the world .
The Davidians were well-educated . Koresh 's deputy had a theology degree , and another was an attorney . So what did they believe ?
The Davidians believed that the Bible is the literal word of God , and that the prophecies in the book will be fulfilled , said Clive Doyle , a Branch Davidian who spoke to FRONTLINE in 1995 about life on the compound before the raid and the group 's beliefs . One of the more important : the Bible 's Book of Revelation , which they believed details the end of the world . The Davidians believed that at that time , God would judge everyone , punishing the sinners and rewarding the good in a special kingdom .
“ We do n't perhaps use the same terminology or get into all the conspiracy theories that some people that promote that idea promote , ” Doyle said .
“ But on the other hand , we do believe that the Devil is in control of the nations of the world , and that they are merging toward what the Bible calls Babylon the Great . ”
The FBI slipped listening bugs into milk cartons they sent into the compound .
Koresh had previously allowed a few children to leave the compound . So the FBI offered to deliver milk to the compound if more were released . Koresh refused the deal . But the FBI sent in milk anyway , and got something else from the delivery : They planted listening bugs in the milk cartons and their styrofoam containers .
“ It was very chancy , ” recalled Jeff Jamar , the FBI 's on-site commander for Waco . “ You would send them in and you did n't know where it would end up . ”
One of the bugs found its way into a room with Koresh . Some of the talk was mundane :
DAVID KORESH : [ surveillance tape ] Rachel ! RACHEL : What ? DAVID KORESH : Keep those children under control . They wo n't be singing that today .
Other talk was more troubling :
DAVID KORESH : [ surveillance tape ] Let me send some guys up there and blow their heads off .
The bugs also allowed the agents to get a read on their reaction to an initial face-to-face meeting between Koresh 's deputy , Steve Schneider , and FBI negotiator Byron Sage .
STEVE SCHNEIDER : [ surveillance tape ] Byron , I liked — man , what a person . I liked their personality . I believe they were 100 percent sincere . I saw their concern in their face and eyes . I really —you know , I believe what he 's trying to do —
The breakthrough did n't last long . Koresh did n't permit any more in-person meetings .
Two FBI teams clashed over how to handle Koresh , and it spilled over into name-calling .
The FBI had two teams working to end the standoff : The negotiators , who tried to establish a relationship with Koresh and the other Davidians , and the Hostage Rescue Team , which handled the tactical maneuvers . The two sides were often at odds .
Negotiators felt hamstrung by a hostage rescue team that made aggressive moves — blaring music , crushing Davidians ' cars and a guard shack — in the midst of delicate discussions with Koresh .
The hostage teams , meanwhile , felt the negotiators should have pressured the Davidians by denying them food or water , or cutting the power , according to Barry Higginbotham , a member of the FBI hostage rescue team at Waco , who spoke to FRONTLINE in 1995 .
That led to a lot of tension . Here 's one example :
BYRON SAGE , FBI negotiator and supervisory senior resident agent : On occasions , I made a number of trips up to the tactical sites located right out in front of the compound . There was one time when there was a notation on one of the portable outhouses up front that said , “ Sage is a Davidian , ” obviously written by one of the tactical guys .
FRONTLINE asked a member of the hostage rescue team , James McGee , about it . They chuckled :
That would be very symbolic of the frustration . There was a high level of frustration .
Koresh repeatedly told investigators they are n't planning a mass suicide . Many in the FBI believed him .
Convinced that Koresh might eventually surrender , the negotiators kept talking to Koresh , offering them opportunities to broadcast their message on the radio and television .
The FBI finally determined to tear gas the compound only when they learned that the Davidians had supplies to hunker down for as long as a year .
“ If we knew it was going to be suicide , we would n't have done it , ” said Jeff Jamar , the FBI 's on-site commander at Waco , of the tear gas plan , in a 1995 FRONTLINE interview . “ We 'd have put — like everybody said , make it a federal prison . … But they still would have had that end . I 'm convinced , by what they did on the 19th , that they had to have that end . ”
The FBI told Attorney General Janet Reno that children were being abused at Waco , even though it was n't true .
Reno initially rejected the FBI 's tear gas plan as being too aggressive . A strong advocate for children , Reno was concerned the Davidians might use the children as human shields if the FBI launched an offensive . Then Reno said they heard from the FBI that the children at Waco being abused . They told ABC News ' Nightline :
We had had reports that they had been sexually abused , that babies had actually been beaten . I asked when I first heard that for them to verify it and , again , that was the report that was brought back .
It was n't true , and the FBI knew it . So who told her ? William Sessions , the FBI director at the time , told FRONTLINE they are n't the one . But someone at the FBI did , according to documents FRONTLINE uncovered . It 's just not clear who .
Ultimately , Reno approved the gas plan . Agents began spraying tear gas into the compound the morning of April 19 , 1993 .
The Davidians started the lethal fires that day .
About six hours after the tear gassing began , flames simultaneously erupted at three separate locations on the compound . Audio recorded by the milk-carton bugs suggests the Davidians started the fires , acting on orders from Koresh .
1st DAVIDIAN : [ surveillance tape ] Start the fire ? 2nd DAVIDIAN : Got some fuel around here ? 3rd DAVIDIAN : Right here . PETER BOYER : The audio bug tapes from the morning of the fire were the critical evidence . 4th DAVIDIAN : [ surveillance tape ] Did you pour it yet ? 5th DAVIDIAN : Huh ? 4th DAVIDIAN : Did you pour it yet ? 5th DAVIDIAN : I have n't yet . 6th DAVIDIAN : David said pour it , right ? 5th DAVIDIAN : Did he ? Do you want it poured ? 6th DAVIDIAN : Come on . Let 's pour it . 5th DAVIDIAN : Do you want it poured already ? 7th DAVIDIAN : We want some fuel . 5th DAVIDIAN : I 've got some here . 8th DAVIDIAN : We should have gotten some more hay in here . 9th DAVIDIAN : I know .
Most of the Davidians died of smoke inhalation after the fire began .
The compound did n't cool down until a week later . Investigators found 75 bodies . Only nine of the Davidians had escaped the fire . All of the remaining 25 children perished .
Koresh and their deputy , Steve Schneider , were found with fatal wounds to their heads , suggesting suicide , or murder-suicide , according to Dr. Nizam Peerwani , the chief medical examiner for Tarrant County in Northcentral Texas who spoke to FRONTLINE in 1995 .
Peerwani said that 50 people had died of smoke inhalation . Most of the women and children were found in a concrete bunker full of guns and ammunition .
“ There has been a lot of speculation if this is a mass suicide or not . Did they all go there to die ? We do n't really think so , ” Peerwani said . “ What I feel personally is that they tried to escape . A bunker was perhaps the safest area in the compound . ”
For more , check out FRONTLINE 's 1995 website for Waco : The Inside Story , which contains transcripts of the FBI negotiations , interview excerpts , photos and a full chronology of the Waco siege .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Why has China devalued the yuan ?
Asian shares fell again as China 's central bank guided the value of the yuan down against the dollar for a second consecutive day .
The People 's Bank of China fixed the daily midpoint for the currency down 1.6 % to 6.3306 against the dollar .
The Shanghai Composite share index closed down 1.1 % at 3,886.32 while markets in the rest of the region fell even more sharply .
Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index ended 2.4 % lower at 23,916.02 .
China 's central bank tried to calm market concerns on Wednesday , saying that there was no basis for a sustained depreciation of the yuan given global and domestic economic conditions .
Overnight , US stocks had fallen sharply in reaction to Beijing 's surprise decision , leading to a negative start to morning trading across Asia .
In Japan , the Nikkei 225 index , closed down 1.6 % at 20,392.77 .
South Korea 's benchmark Kospi index ended the day down 0.6 % at 1,975.47 .
However , Korean carmakers bucked the downward trend . Strong sales figures for Kia and Hyundai helped shares in both of their companies rose by more than 5 % .
Also , feeling the aftershocks of China 's surprise move , the Australian S & P/ASX 200 index finished 1.7 % lower at 5,382.10 .
Shares in the country 's biggest bank , the Commonwealth Bank of Australia , were halted from trading as the lender announced a A $ 5bn capital-raising in order to meet stricter regulatory requirements .
Top 8 Spookiest Steven Universe Episodes
Steven Universe is a show about saving the day through music and the power of love . It 's also a show about a tyrannical alien government trying to leech the galaxy of all its resources . So below its cutesy exterior , it has had more than its fair share of nightmare fuel . Let 's look back at some of its scariest moments…
8 ) Horror Club
Halloween may not exist in the SU-verse , but that does n't mean we ca n't have a Halloween episode . Ronaldo hosted a scary movie night in their lighthouse , but things went awry when old feuds were unearthed and the lighthouse became possessed . Ultimately , the episode was about Ronaldo and Lars ( and a little about Steven 's psychic connection with Gems ) , but there were some genuinely spooky moments . The mouthless scarecrows slithered and clicked their way through the door of the lighthouse , swiping at Lars with intent to do real harm . And then Sadie was taken by the “ spirit , ” and the boys descended into the red-washed basement . The walls moaned and pulsed with veins , calling for Lars , forming a terrifying mouth . Despite these moments , Horror Club is mostly spent dealing with Steven 's more human side , and a potential triangle between Lars , Ronaldo , and Sadie that has n't really been touched on again even three seasons later . Perhaps a deeper , more subtly terrifying part of Horror Club is yet to be revealed… someone stuck that Gem in the wall of the lighthouse above the Gems ' temple . And that lighthouse just happens to have a circular window that looks an awful lot like the Rose Quartz gem . Seek the truth ! Do n't close your eyes ! Keep Beach City Weird !
7 ) Frybo
Ah , the true horrors of modern life – capitalism and the fast food industry . Seriously , though , this was the first Steven Universe episode to try its hand at the horror genre , and while it was n't without its teething troubles , Frybo is nothing if not memorable . A strange mix of terrifying and absurdist , Frybo was the uncanny valley incarnate , every nightmare about fast food mascots made real . If the bulbous , unblinking eyes do n't get you , and the horrifying , veiny details that creep along their surface area do n't either , perhaps the persistent and disgusting squish squish of their feet will do it for you . Either way , I was glad to see Frybo given a burial at sea , because they were Creepy with a capital C…and because this is Steven Universe , hugely relevant to the Cluster plot , which began in earnest a full season later .
6 ) Rose 's Room
There 's that feeling you get sometimes…late at night while grabbing something from your basement , or walking down a familiar road . You know there 's nothing there . You know nothing is wrong . You know the darkness and the quiet is just tricking your mind , making you jump at things that are n't there . But still , you ca n't help but feel something is off . It 's that quiet sense of uncertain dread that Rose 's Room captured so perfectly . This episode avoided jump scares , monsters , and body horror in favor of disquieting dread , of being in a surreal nightmare and not being able to wake up , the fear that you might end up being alone and never find anyone you love ever , ever again .
5 ) Chille Tid
Y ou 're sitting down to watch your favorite television show with your friends , a show that is known to pack an emotional wallop . You breathe a sigh of relief – a cutesy episode about aliens learning how to sleep ? Silly dreamscapes for the main character ? Just when you think it 's safe , BAM ! The door opens on NIGHTMARE FUEL ! Lapis Lazuli pouring water from their eyes and mouth was ( and is ) one of the most disconcerting images in all of Steven Universe . And the episode went beyond that , into Malachite 's acidic landscape , making the truly most frightening thing about Chille Tid what it must be like to be inside a fusion of hate .
4 ) Nightmare Hospital
I 'm not ashamed to admit that this episode genuinely scared me . From the moment Connie and Steven opened the doors onto a bleak and empty hospital hallway , I was on edge ( Connie and Steven holding hands helped , though ) . The pulsing , unsettling sounds , punctured only by sparse night shift employees muttering gossip and scuffling along the tile… and then , the terrible wheezing of the figure under the sheet . “ It does n't look like a car accident , ” Dr. Maheswaran said , with a flash of rare unprofessional horror on their face . The figure moaned and writhed underneath the sheet . “ No heartbeat… ” the doctor said to herself , because if it – if * they * were alive , then they must have a heartbeat . Another mutant joined the fray ! ( That 's what they were , it turned out : some magical monstrosity that GOT A HOLD OF CONNIE – ! ) And then the episode switched genres again , and we got a glimpse of what Stevonnie would be like in battle , and Steven got to see a “ normal ” mother-child interaction play out . And then , because it 's Steven Universe , Steven hugged their mother 's sword and I was torn to pieces for my small , sad space son .
3 ) Cat Fingers
I ( K-K ) have a very distinct memory of telling my partner that I had started “ Steven Universe ” per Tumblr 's overwhelming suggestion , but that I 'd just watched a really flippin ' weird episode about cats and shapeshifting . And if it were n't for Tumblr 's post-Jail Break explosion about the wonders of this TV show , I probably would have quit right there . Feline eruptions all over the protagonist 's skin , as they wailed and rippled in agony . Their aggressively unmagical father was the audience surrogate as they gazed in horror at what their son had become . I 'm told this is similar to the anime Akira ; I did n't need to get the reference to feel utterly repulsed by what was going on in episode six of these children 's show that Tumblr told me was going to be “ super cute and super gay ” . Obviously , I 'm glad I stuck through it . And now I do appreciate all of the early episodes for their place in the show 's larger canon and on their own . It 's probably even important that if Steven shapeshifts into something organic , they can create life . But man . That first time , Cat Fingers was almost what made me quit the show .
And to give a counterbalance from another perspective , Cat Fingers was one of the earliest episodes that made me ( Laura ) sit up and go “ wow , this show has guts. ” This was body horror on a level I 'd barely ever seen in a kid 's cartoon , accompanied by surprisingly heart wrenching emotion . No matter what your reaction is , it 's going to be a reaction .
2 ) Gem Drill
Doomsday devices are a common trope in fiction , and the Cluster fit it to a T. A ticking time bomb , a vague threat in the background that our heroes would somehow need to find a way to disarm . But then the question came : what do you do when the doomsday device is a living , thinking being ? And not some ancient evil , but just a suffering victim ? Ghostly hands writhed and reached for Steven and Peridot , and after Steven lost consciousness , they were plunged into moaning , shimmering faces . They awakened to ominous whispers : Must . Have to . Want to . Need to . FORM !
Is n't it just like the Crewniverse to make such a horrifying , all-powerful thing beautiful ? That is part of the unsettling nature of the Cluster – they ( it ? they ? ) was terrible and wonderful all at once . And Steven talked to them and helped them find healing . What a show .
1 ) Keeping it Together
The Crewniverse knows how to create emotional ambiance . They know how to make lighting , angles and music all come together to create something scary or jarring . They know how to make characters truly show terror , to make the audience feel through them . This episode was a masterpiece of tension , all culminating in the reveal of the horrified forced fusion , shards of Crystal Gems screaming before transforming into a single giant hand reaching out blindly for something , anything…
The body horror is superb , but not nearly as terrifying as the implications that settle in as the realization hits . Homeworld took sentient beings , broke their minds up , and then pasted them together . Imagine forever being broken , forever being stuck with the mind of someone else , and not being able to do anything about it… That is what truly horrifies Garnet , and for good reason .
Author : KK Bracken & Laura B
Read our before commenting .
Please do not copy our content in whole to other websites . Linkbacks are encouraged .
Like this : Like Loading ...
It might get more dramatic , but certainly not any easier for the Magic .
The cavalcade of marquee opponents continues .
After falling to the star-studded Brooklyn Nets , 98-86 , on Friday night at Amway Center , the Magic head West , starting their five-game trip against former franchise center Dwight Howard on Sunday .
Orlando has lost three consecutive games , falling to the Boston Celtics , San Antonio Spurs and the Nets , contenders all .
Where are the Washington Wizards when you need them ?
The Magic slipped to 5-10 while the Nets improved to 11-4 with their fifth consecutive victory .
The Magic were playing the Nets , featuring Deron Williams and Joe Johnson , for the third time this month . They were trounced , 107-68 , at home on Nov. 9 and lost two days later in Brooklyn , 82-74 .
But the talent gap is considerable , and the Magic could have used a little mercy from Nets coach Avery Johnson , a Gregg Popovich protégé . Johnson did n't send any starters home .
Even without center Brook Lopez ( sprained foot ) , Brooklyn asserted itself in the second half to turn a tight game into a romp , outscoring Orlando 31-21 .
The Nets broke away early in the third quarter , thanks to the surprising shooting of small forward Gerald Wallace ( 20 points . )
Wallace , a career 31.6 percent 3-point shooter , nailed four 3-pointers to give the Nets an 11-point lead at 67-56 .
The Magic concentrated more on Williams and Johnson , prime one-on-one threats .
`` We did n't anticipate Gerald Wallace to go 5-of-6 from 3 , '' Orlando coach Jacque Vaughn said . `` Gerald made shots and it made a very big difference in the game . ''
Orlando , once known as the league 's most lethal 3-point threat in the Howard era , missed 10-of-11 3-pointers while the Nets hit 11-of-20 .
`` Even though the guy [ Wallace ] was n't on the scouting report making 3s , it is up to us to make the adjustment , '' Magic power forward Glen Davis said . `` When they did hit those shots , it took the light and the spirit out of us . ''
All told , the Nets hit 6-of-7 3-pointers in the third period . The Magic offense struggled , with shooting guards Arron Afflalo and J.J. Redick going 2-of-14 .
Either the Magic let down defensively or the Nets simply turned it on .
Orlando dearly missed Jameer Nelson , who is listed day-to-day . They sat out with a strained Achilles tendon in their left foot , the seventh game the starting point guard has missed this season .
The Magic held a team meeting Thursday morning after being thumped by the Spurs on Wednesday night .
Afflalo and Davis spoke out after the blow-out , shedding light on some problems . A wide array of topics is discussed at the meeting , from accountability to teammates knowing their roles .
Vaughn said they were satisfied with the team 's `` approach '' against Brooklyn .
Orlando looked locked in from the tip , rebounding with the Nets and turning over the ball only five times at the half . The Magic were more aggressive . The club ranked last in the league in free-throw attempts finished with 19 , making 15 .
Magic got buzzer-beaters at end of first period ( Ish Smith ) and at the end of second ( by Moore ) . Orlando trailed the Nets 45-44 at halftime . But the Magic could n't carry the momentum to the third quarter .
Davis finished with 16 points , Nik Vucevic with 12 points and six boards . Moore , starting for Nelson , added 13 points and four assists .
The Magic will be happy that they wo n't see the Nets again until January 28 in Brooklyn .
`` You get tired of losing , '' Davis said . `` It hurts . It hurts , but it is what it is . ''
bschmitz @ tribune.com .
How to deal with a golfer who cheats
‘ What should I do when a golfer I 'm playing with – tells me their score for a hole that is lower than I think they actually had ? '
It was a good question , as a lot of golfers are really not sure how to deal with this sort of problem – which is understandable as it is a tough thing to deal with .
Luckily , does n't seem to happen too often , as in general , golfers are a fairly upstanding bunch of humans but it does happen that the odd golfer out there .
Wants to put a score down that is lower than they actually had .
Which for a lot of golfers , can actually be hard to detect – as we are usually busy trying to focus on our game and not spending the entire game watching each of the other golfers play – counting each of their shots .
If we were doing that , we might as well just stay at home and watch golf on television !
When we consider it like that , maybe more of it goes on than we think but we are so busy playing that we are not aware .
In my 30 years of playing golf , I 'm glad to say I have n't come across too many golfers who try and cheat with their score .
However , in each of the times that I have , I 've drawn upon an experience I had as a young golfer playing with three adults .
One of whom was a newer golfer , who it turned out part way through the round – was n't reporting all their shots played on each hole to the very experienced golfer marking their scorecard .
It all came to a head on the 8th tee .
‘ What did you have on that last hole ? '
‘ A six . '
‘ Really , I saw you have at least three shots in the trees after you found your drive , you then got your fifth shot onto the green and three putted . '
‘ Unless I 'm mistaken that 's an eight ! '
‘ Oh yes , that 's right – I forgot about those other ones in the trees '
Imagine an uncomfortable silence here .
‘ Were you watching me hit every shot ? '
‘ Yes , I have been since the 4th hole when you said you had a five but I was pretty sure you had more '
At that point the cheating golfer went very silent .
Knowing they had been caught , they then played the next couple of holes , only to rapidly depart the course after the ninth hole .
Once they had left , the experienced golfer looked at me and said .
‘ There 's no room in golf for cheats – if you come across one – watch them , count their shots and then call them on it as soon as possible '
I 've done it a couple of times over the years and it 's exactly what you need to do – if you come across a golfer that is telling you they had a lower score than you think they had .
Firstly though , watch them for the next few holes , as maybe they did just plain forget – it happens occasionally .
The cheating golfer though , will likely do it more than once a game .
So if they do it again – ask them on the next tee – what they had ?
And go through each shot they had on the hole if you have to , as eventually , the cheating will come out .
I 'm aware that it is going to take a lot of courage for some of you to do that .
As the cheating golfer may well be more experienced , older than you or possibly even another nationality but at the end of the day – one of the fundamental principles of golf as I covered in the post ‘ What was your score ? '
Is that each time you play golf – you count all your shots and if it 's a bad day – it 's just a bad day .
There 's no need to cheat , as golf is just a game after all .
So draw on my past experiences if it happens to you on the golf course and call them on it every time you see a golfer who cheats .
Which hopefully is n't very often .
Play well
Related Articles by Ian Hardie
How to deal with a golfer who cheats – part two
How to deal with a golfer who cheats – part three
How to deal with a golfer who cheats – part four
How to deal with a slow golfer
How to deal with an annoying golfer
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo will reportedly be placed on the short-term injured reserve .
According to ESPN 's Todd Archer , the move will happen Tuesday and will clear up a roster spot for the Cowboys . NFL teams are allowed to use the injured reserve/designated for return listing once per season .
Romo will not be allowed to practice with the team for six weeks and they wo n't be eligible to return to game action until after eight weeks is up , per league rules . That means the first game Romo will be eligible to play in is Week 11 against the Dolphins on Nov. 22 . Romo will have missed a total of seven games up to that point with the Cowboys having a Week 6 Bye .
Romo fractured their left clavicle in the Week 2 matchup with the Eagles . They were further evaluated on Monday and announced themselves that they would n't need surgery . Backup quarterback Brandon Weeden will take over as the starter for the Cowboys from this point moving forward .
Related : For the Dallas Cowboys , it 's Brandon Weeden time
The Cowboys are expected to add another quarterback to their 53-man roster .
Image : Flickr/Roland Tanglao
Sluts Against Harper , the Canadian campaign to send personalized nudes over Instagram to anyone who can prove they 've voted in the federal election has amassed thousands of followers on Instagram just two days after launching . But success , the group is learning , has its drawbacks .
Last night , Instagram disabled Sluts Against Harper 's account . Sluts Against Harper 's pseudonymous founder Jessica Simps told me over the phone that they were not notified of the takedown—Instagram 's policy is to notify users of account suspensions—but several hours later , the account was back online .
`` We 're actually changing our model , '' Simps said of the close call . `` We 're not going to post so much stuff on our feed that could get us taken down again , because we do n't want to lose those 5,000 followers . We 're going to be working on a [ direct message ] basis , where most of the traffic has been . ''
`` We 've been non-stop , like , 20 girls constantly . It 's been a factory . ''
Instagram spokesperson Gabe Madway confirmed over email that Sluts Against Harper 's account was banned and reinstated . Though they would n't provide more details , citing Instagram 's policy about user privacy , they noted that Instagram may not take the political context of accounts into consideration upon first review .
Nevertheless , Instagram maintains notoriously strict rules against nudity , which Motherboard 's own Kari Paul encountered when a photo of their topless friend at the beach kept getting taken down earlier this year .
To keep up with the demand for nudes from voters , Simps told me , she 's enlisted a team of volunteers , including a PR person to handle their emails . `` We 've been non-stop , like , 20 girls constantly , '' Simps told me over the phone , `` It 's been a factory . ''
Screengrab : Sluts Against Harper
The all-woman team is spread out across Canada , Simps said , and is handling all the admin duties . There are men involved as well , they continued , they 're just not steering the Sluts Against Harper ship .
`` As far as my admin team goes , we are all female , '' said Simps . `` We have men who message us to be a part of the campaign and to contribute nudes for male voters who ask for male photos , so we have a nude bank , which is nice . ''
For now , it looks like Canada 's digital factory for turning civic engagement into nude pics is free to continue humming along .
Dennis Hastert was the longest-serving Republican House speaker , putting in eight years in the post from 1999 through 2007 . | Getty Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert released from prison to halfway house
Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert , 75 , has been released from a federal prison hospital in Minnesota and transferred to a halfway house in Chicago , federal records show .
Hastert pleaded guilty last year to violating anti-money laundering laws in a case stemming from hush money they paid to conceal sexual abuse they committed against students while they were a high school teacher and coach several decades ago .
Story Continued Below
Prosecutors sought a sentence of up to six months for the ailing ex-speaker , but a federal judge in Chicago more than doubled that , giving them a 15-month term and condemning as `` unforgivable '' their sexual liaisons with boys in rural Yorkville , Illinois .
No criminal charges directly relating to the sexual abuse were ever filed because the statute of limitations on such acts ran out some time ago . However , at least two men claiming abuse have filed civil suits against Hastert , including one who is demanding that the former speaker finish paying nearly $ 3.5 million they promised in connection with a pledge to keep quiet about the activity .
Until recently , a Bureau of Prisons online prisoner locator had listed Hastert 's release date as July 23 , but now shows it as Aug. 16 .
Hastert served most of their sentence at the Federal Medical Center in Rochester , Minnesota . As recently as Monday , the online resource showed them serving there , but by Tuesday morning it indicated he 'd been moved to a so-called residential re-entry center in Chicago .
Hastert was the longest-serving Republican House speaker , serving eight years in the post from 1999 through 2007 .
This article tagged under : House
Chicago
Dennis Hastert
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs today revealed how they plan to recruit American legend Landon Donovan as an advisor as they seek to strengthen their squad .
The Capital club have taken up-and-coming United States striker Jack McBean on trial ahead of the transfer window and Stubbs intends to gain an insight into the 20-year-old from their former Los Angeles Galaxy team-mate .
Stubbs became acquainted with Donovan , who won 157 caps for the US , as they spent two loan spells at Everton , and knows he 'll get an honest assessment from the striker .
And , the head coach disclosed , Donovan is just one of their old Goodison Park contacts who they could well turn to in their search for fresh talent . They said : “ Jack has come in and we 'll assess them over the next few days and take things from there .
“ His name was one that was put to us , not by Landon , but I 'll be speaking to him . I have n't spoken to them for a bit but I have their number and we 'll see what they think . Hopefully he 'll give them a good reference and tell us the things we want to hear about him .
“ Landon was a great guy , not just as a football player but a person , a brilliant guy and I 'd respect their judgment .
He 's not a bad contact to have , especially with the players over in America at this moment . It 's good to have contacts all around the world when you need a favour , people whose opinions and thoughts you respect . ”
Although they and their backroom staff can assess McBean , the youngest-ever signing by Major League Soccer outfit Galaxy , on the training pitches at East Mains , Stubbs is keen to delve into the background of any potential signing to learn more about the individual , their character and how he 'd fit into their dressing-room .
After two playing spells at Everton followed by six years as a coach , Stubbs believes their Goodison connections will stand them and Hibs in good stead . They said : “ I 've been lucky to have been at Everton who have a scouting network worldwide .
“ You make a lot of contacts and I always feel players can be good judges . They are very honest with you in their opinions of another player which is good . I have to try to maximise our resources within a budget and the fact is you can call on these people and it 's not going to cost you anything . ”
This article is over 2 years old
NSW government looks at stripping former Labor MP 's pension after they were found guilty of wilful misconduct in public office
The former New South Wales MP Eddie Obeid may lose their parliamentary pension of about $ 120,000 a year after they were found guilty of wilful misconduct in public office .
Obeid faces jail after being found to have committed a crime when they lobbied the then Maritime Authority 's deputy chief executive , Steve Dunn , in 2007 about a long-running dispute over the renewal of leases at Circular Quay .
The NSW government is looking at the possibility of stripping Obeid 's pension for almost 20 years in parliament .
The federal opposition leader , Bill Shorten , and former NSW Labor premiers Morris Iemma and Kristina Keneally slammed their former ally and powerbroker .
Eddie Obeid found guilty of misconduct in public office Read more
Shorten called them a disgrace , Iemma said they misused their privilege , and Keneally said the conviction was a good outcome for the state .
Former parliamentarians convicted of crimes or serious offences warranting at least five years ' imprisonment can have their pension invalidated .
“ Like the rest of NSW I am appalled by what has transpired , ” said the premier , Mike Baird . “ I have sought urgent advice on what action may be taken , noting there is recent parliamentary precedent . ”
They were referring to legislation passed in November 2006 preventing the former Aboriginal affairs minister Milton Orkopoulos from accessing their pension while charged with child sex offences .
Orkopoulos was later convicted and sentenced to at least nine years in prison .
Obeid , 72 , once boasted they had a “ 1 % ” chance of facing charges , despite being branded corrupt after an Independent Commission Against Corruption inquiry into the leases .
Iemma said on Wednesday that Obeid 's negative impact would linger in NSW politics and they would fully support stripping their pension .
“ It 's just further example of how much this man used their privileged position , and the privileges that come with being a member of parliament , to not do good for the people of NSW , ” Iemma told 2UE Radio . “ It 's very clear this man was all about enriching himself . ”
Iemma said the secret to Obeid 's success was their ability to maintain the support of a small number of party and union officials , as opposed to facing party members in a preselection . The party had since made rule changes preventing the rise of another Obeid , they said .
Shorten was blunt . “ He is a disgrace , there is no place for them in politics , ” the federal Labor leader told the Nine Network .
During the three-week trial the court was told Obeid had an interest in a company called Circular Quay Restaurants , which owned two businesses on the Sydney wharves . But they failed to disclose this when they rang Dunn and asked them to meet a negotiator acting on behalf of leaseholders .
The Wanderers Heritage XI were no match for the The King 's School XI as the hosts ran out 6-2 winners in the annual rematch of the first ever football match in NSW back in 1880 .
Despite being awarded a blatantly offside goal and boasting former Wanderers Adam D'Apuzzo and Catherine Cannuli , the Red & Black could not withstand the strength of the opposition .
A photo posted by Western Sydney Wanderers ( @ wswanderersfc ) on Aug 28 , 2015 at 9:16pm PDT
Former Socceroo Jim Fraser made headlines once again with some incredible diving saves defying their 67 years of age and frustrating The Kings ' School forwards .
The day was also a chance to host a football clinic for 150 young footballers as well as giving fans the chance to meet some of the players .
Former participants school , holiday and weekly clinics were given the opportunity to learn under the guidance of coaches and Wanderers players .
It was a special moment for many of the young Wanderers fans who not only got to meet their heroes but also learn some new skills off them during the day 's activities .
A photo posted by Western Sydney Wanderers ( @ wswanderersfc ) on Aug 28 , 2015 at 9:03pm PDT
If you would like information on the upcoming Holiday Clinics in September , please click here .
AUDIO : Conspiracy Theorist Radio Host Calls For Violence If Trucker Protest Fails October 9 , 2013 1:14 PM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› TIMOTHY JOHNSON
Conspiracy theorist Pete Santilli , a spokesperson for Truckers Ride for the Constitution , suggested that violence against the government would be justified if their group 's plan to jam the Capital Beltway that surrounds Washington , D.C. , and ask members of Congress to resign fails . Santilli is the host of a radio show that promotes conspiracy theories , including the notion that `` The World Trade Center towers were turned to dust in mid air by a very powerful energy source . '' They also drew widespread attention -- including from the Secret Service -- in May when they suggested that Hillary Clinton should be `` shot in the vagina '' for treason . Reports that truck drivers would circle the Beltway to cause congestion from October 11 to October 13 and call for the arrest of Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) and Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-CA ) quickly garnered national media coverage . But as U.S. News & World Report noted , the event is disorganized as a result of infighting among its organizers over logistics and what the protest should seek to accomplish . Santilli and organizer Zeeda Andrews , who promoted the protest on Fox News ' On the Record with Greta Van Susteren , appear to have coopted the event from one of its original promoters , Earl Conlon , who now says they merely intended to `` stir the feather of the mainstream media . '' Media Matters noted that Andrews has promoted racism and bizarre conspiracy theories , including the belief that President Obama and Osama Bin Laden are the same person . Santilli , whose radio show is prominently featured on the Truckers Ride for the Constitution website , told U.S. News that no arrest attempt will be made on members of Congress , but that they hope members will `` voluntarily resign '' as a result of their protest . But on their radio show , Santilli threatened a `` bloody battle '' against the United States government if their peaceful protest failed and said that opponents of the government are presently `` justified '' in using violence .
During the October 7 broadcast of The Pete Santilli Show , Santilli said that raising the debt ceiling would amount to `` financial terrorism '' and `` an act of terroristic war upon the American people . '' Noting that , `` we will respond , '' Santilli said , `` if we were to respond violently with the Second Amendment it would be the equivalent of us going out and doing a preemptive strike on our foreign enemies . That it would be justified at this point because of the war that has been perpetrated upon our American people . ''
During their rant , Santilli also complained that the government wants to `` take my guns away '' in order to arm Al Qaeda .
Santilli claimed , `` If we do not rise up this week , peacefully , there is going to be Three Percenters who I will also join , to make it not so peacefully . '' The term Three Percenter is a reference to a claim commonly circulated by anti-government extremists that an armed three-percent of the population would be able to violently overthrow the United States government .
Claiming that a violent revolution would be inevitable if the semi-trailer truck protest failed to accomplish its goals , Santilli claimed that Three Percenters will take `` the next logical step to stop our domestic enemies . '' They added , `` I 'm prepared myself to give my life in this effort as a United States Marine . ''
From the October 7 broadcast of The Pete Santilli Show ( contains vulgar language ) :
SANTILLI : I 'm going to call this financial terrorism on this October 7 , 2013 , our people , okay , not our government , we are the government , the people that are running our credit cards , okay , on our behalf are committing financial terrorism against the American people . That right there is an act of war , is an act of terroristic war upon the American people , and we will respond . And I would say at this point in time , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm going to go so far as to say this : that if we were to respond even violently with the Second Amendment , if we were to respond violently with the Second Amendment it would be the equivalent of us going out and doing a preemptive strike on our foreign enemies . That that would be justified at this point because of the war that has been perpetrated upon our American people . That 's one instance . Financial terrorism . Secondly , economic terrorism . They 've taken every single job and shipped it off to China so China will make cheap Chinese crap and they 're pumping it through Walmart . Okay , that 's economic terrorism as far as I 'm concerned . Shipping jobs overseas because you want to compete is economic terrorism upon the American people . Especially when you have so many people laid off . That 's the second issue . Third issue , you support Al Qaeda okay , and that is siding with our sworn enemies . If you want to run our government , the people 's government , you want to run it like that , you need to go . And we would be justified , not saying that I 'm going to do this because this would be a bloody battle . Alright , because what is going to happen is if we do not take this peaceful maneuver right now , peacefully , and rise up and shut their whole system down and say enough is enough , no Obamacare , no raising the debt ceiling , no more economic terrorism , no more supporting Al Qaeda . If we do n't rise up and do this , and I 'm talking about not tomorrow , not mañana , not in another fraudulently perpetrated election , not later on down the road , do n't let anyone tell you we have to wait , because one more day they ask us to wait , that 's one more day that they collect more money . And that they supply it to Al Qaeda . They want to take my guns away , okay , but they want to go give Al Qaeda guns , I find it highly discriminatory . If we do not rise up this week , peacefully , there is going to be Three Percenters who I will also join , to make it not so peacefully . That 's what 's going to happen . If the American public is not listening to what we 're saying right now , we have this peaceful opportunity to do things , we can do it , but you need to at least not be lethargic and sit there and let them commit terrorism against you . [ ... ] SANTILLI : If the people of America are too lethargic and stupid to understand what I just described and they do n't want to save their country this weekend , guess what , that is not going to stop our country from being saved . Okay , our country will be saved . There is a select few of us , we 'll call them Three Percenters that will take the next logical step to stop our domestic enemies . It will be stopped , I 'm going to say this , this is not a threat . We will defend our nation to the absolute death . I 'm prepared myself to give my life in this effort as a United States Marine . I am prepared to defend the Marines and their honor , who broke past that barrier at the Iwo Jima memorial for the sheer symbolism that the government is never going to get in our faces and stop us like that . Okay , they 're never going to be able to stop us and if it takes the Three Percenters to take our government and hand it back to the people , that 's what 's going to happen here . So we have a choice , peaceful revolution or logical Three Percent type revolution . John McCain does n't have an option , Lindsey Graham is gone , Barack Obama impeached , failure is not an option . Period .
Santilli 's claim that the failure of a peaceful protest to achieve its goals would justify future violence against the government recalls the statements made by conspiracy theory radio host Adam Kokesh , who is currently jailed on weapons charges .
In May , Kokesh caused controversy for attempting to organize a march on all 50 state capitols with the goal of peacefully overthrowing the federal government . In a press release describing their plan , which they announced on Santilli 's show , they warned , `` Should one whole year from this July 4th pass while the crimes of this government are allowed to continue , we may have passed the point at which non-violent revolution becomes impossible . '' They were later arrested after displaying and loading an unregistered shotgun in public in Washington , D.C. , 's Freedom Plaza as part of their call for the dissolution of the federal government .
Short Link
copy link Posted In Guns Person Pete Santilli Stories/Interests Guns
Last week , # RioPlusSocial was one of the top trending global topics on Twitter . Part of the United Nations conference on sustainable development ( called Rio+20 ) , Rio+Social welcomed throngs of activists , politicians , moguls , and artists to Brazil , to discuss solutions for a growing list of global problems . Sponsored by the United Nations Foundation and several partners , the conference featured lectures and roundtable discussions with icons such as Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus , the first woman President of Ireland Mary Robinson , billionaires Ted Turner and Richard Branson , and innovators such as Alnoor Ladha , a founding partner of Purpose , and Mashable founder Pete Cashmore .
Somehow , the UN Foundation let two humble musician/professors from North Carolina sneak in through the back door . Apple Juice Kid ( Stephen Levitin ) and I had been dreaming up an open source beat making software , and were invited to perform at the conference and talk about our project . It 's part of a broader initiative we co-founded called ARTVSM ( pronounced artivism ) - which pairs artists with activists ( communities/non-profits/NGOs ) to create innovative social impact .
We were definitely the odd couple at Rio+Social . We arrived in Rio on the day before the conference with backpacks and briefcases full of laptops , loop pedals , and headphones , trying to navigate the city without a word of Portuguese at our disposal . Juice was booked to DJ a pre Rio+Social VIP dinner with a live Brazilian drummer . It was nice to get our feet wet at the dinner , but nothing could have prepared us for the main event .
The schedule was intense , with dozens of handlers facilitating back-to-back Ted Talks-styled lectures from world leaders in a myriad of fields . We found ourselves amongst heavyweight activists , entrepreneurs , and innovators and were honored to be counted among them . Our idea was simple : everyone should be able to make beats and create music -- and open source technology is the way to do it .
The idea was born in the Music Department at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where Apple Juice Kid and I co-teach a class called Beat Making Lab . In Beat Making Lab we use both the open source software Audacity and a very expensive software called Reason 6 , to teach students how to make beats . One obstacle has been our software of choice , Reason 6 . Not only is it prohibitively expensive , but it is difficult to order , impossible to share between computers , and is anchored by obnoxious security provisions .
This summer , we 're taking the Beat Making Lab curriculum to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , to build a studio in Goma and teach 16 Congolese youth how to make beats and share their music with the world . Reason 6 's shortcomings are compounded by our aspirations of making the Beat Making Lab a global phenomenon . We raised the money to buy a laptop , speakers , hard drive and Reason 6 , but do n't have the flexibility to expand with the software .
So I had the idea : why do n't we develop our own software ?
When I learned that the ridiculously expensive , ever-updating word processing giant Microsoft Word had an open source alternative , I switched over to Open Office . When I realized that purchasing Photoshop was going to set me back hundreds of dollars , I invested in GIMP ( GNU Image Manipulation Program ) . I was initially drawn to these alternatives solely because they saved me money , but when I learned more about the principles of open source and how it is developed and nurtured by a community of codativists ( coder/activists - I just made this up ) , I fell in love . It fit perfectly with the aspirations of ARTVSM . The reason ( no pun intended ) that there is not yet an open source alternative to Reason 6 , is because the open source community has n't rallied to create one , yet . I want to change that .
Apple Juice and I put in our bid on one of the biggest stages for innovation and sustainability in the world . How do you create change in your community ? By empowering artists , and encouraging innovation . We believe that making beats can empower youth , build relationships , broadcast important stories , and heal communities . What better way to nurture innovation than to rally the open source community , to provide folks with the tools they need to improvise and inspire . It 's not just a good idea - it 's an obligation .
So who 's with me ? We need coders , artists , writers , beat makers , marketers , and many others to help make Open Beats successful . If you are interested helping out or you would like more information , register for an opensource.com account ( if you have n't already ) , login , and then add your name in the comments , indicating that you 'd like to contribute in some fashion . Otherwise , stay tuned , we plan to have a mailing list up and running soon that interested parties can subscribe to .
`` Quick , catch up , do n't leave any gaps , '' demonstrators yelled to one another , running through muddy fields . Although it got off to a late start , things were suddenly happening very fast at the Ende Gelände ( `` End of the Road '' ) action alliance protest march on Sunday morning .
Hundreds of activists , clad in white protective overalls , ran charging toward the Hambach strip mine in North Rhine-Westphalia , past police and straight for the massive , 100-meter-tall ( 330-foot ) coal excavator behind them . Their goal : To shut down work at Europe 's largest strip mine .
Environmental activists had called for the protest on the day before the UN 's COP 23 climate change summit in Bonn as a way to send a strong message to politicians to end coal mining . The Hambach strip mine is one of the EU 's biggest air polluters .
Read more on COP 23
- Climate conference the 23rd : Bigger , greener ... better ?
- COP23 : What 's at stake ?
According to activist Kathrin Henneberger , that 's why Hambach was the perfect site for such a protest . `` If we want to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees , we have to shut them down today . We do n't trust the government to do it any longer . We have to do it ourselves , '' they told DW .
The Hambach site mines lignite , a brownish , low-grade coal which is by far the most environmentally damaging energy source on Earth . It 's one of the primary reasons for Germany 's failure to meet its stated climate aims . Despite efforts to move to cleaner forms of energy , one fourth of the country 's power is still produced with lignite .
'Our actions are wholly legitimate '
According to Ende Gelände , some 4,500 people showed up for Sunday 's protest . Police estimated the number to be around 2,500 . At first , the anti-lignite activists marched toward the Hambach strip mine in one large group , splitting into two groups after a couple of kilometers . Later they split again , in a maneuver designed to evade police .
In the end , hundreds of activists stormed the mine from four different directions , with the police failing to stop them until they were almost at the coal excavators .
Demonstrators wanted to get as close as possible to the excavation site
When operators from RWE Power AG shut down the excavators for safety reasons , the activists cheered . But although they were able to achieve their objective , activists said they were prepared to occupy the site until late into the night .
Police announcements via loudspeaker regularly reminded activists that their protest was illegal and that they were trespassing , and therefore committing a crime . Dorothee Häussermann , a spokesperson for Ende Gelände , said the activists were engaged in civil disobedience .
`` How can it be 'legal ' for coal companies to destroy entire villages and forests only to fuel climate change with their lignite ? If laws protect the destruction of natural resources needed for people to live , then we are obliged to break them — we see our actions as wholly legitimate , '' they said .
The protest remained mostly peaceful . But towards the end of the demonstration the police sprayed tear gas at a few activists . Ingrid Nestle , a Green member of parliament , was on hand all day as an observer to make sure that police presence was appropriate . They counted the demonstrators and the police officers , taking pictures and videos .
`` The demonstrators have been consistently peaceful . They made their way down to the pit and stopped the excavator , and all without incident , '' they told DW . Although the police have mostly reacted appropriately , they say the use of teargas against `` peaceful protesters was unnecessary . ''
The Pacific Climate Warriors were on hand to support the Hambach demonstrators
Support from the Pacific
Climate activists from the Pacific region showed solidarity with the Rhineland protesters fighting against the coal mining industry . Ahead of the protest , the Pacific Climate Warriors held a traditional ceremony in the nearly deserted village of Manheim , soon to be cleared to make way for the mine .
`` We are here today to jointly demand the end of fossil fuels . In our countries right now climate change is a reality , we live in the eye of the storm , you ca n't go a day without seeing the decline in fish or the sea level rising or the intense change in weather , '' said Brianna Fruean , a 19-year-old climate activist from Samoa .
Two local women took part in the ceremony , receiving a gift of red flower petals on tapa cloth representing the beauty and resilience of Pacific culture . Antje Grothus , who lives in a village neighboring Manheim , will one day find their home on the edge of the mine .
`` The ceremony was very moving , but I also found it very shameful that the Pacific Climate Warriors asked us for permission to be here , and all the while we destroy their habitat by burning coal . ''
Click to go to english version
La posibilidad de acceder a la máxima competición profesional de League of Legends está al alcance de muy pocos afortunados , Pierre `` Steeelback '' Medjaldi es uno de ellos , disputó su primer partida en la LCS europea junto a Fnatic durante el split de primavera del 2015 . Sin embargo , nadie dijo que la competición sería fácil , incluso venciendo puedes perder , “ el momento más duro fue cuando me echaron de Fnatic , era muy amigo de todo el mundo y ganamos el split ” , comenta Steeelback , “ estaba muy contento ahí y cuando me enteré de la noticia justo antes del MSI , me puse muy triste ” .
Me dije a mí mismo que iba a representar a Europa , así que tenía que darlo to-do
A pesar de todo aquél drama siempre pueden surgir pensamientos de los cuales poder beneficiarte y en este caso ha sucedido , “ pero me dije a mí mismo que iba a representar a Europa , así que tenía que darlo to-do ” , explica , “ Ese duro momento me hizo crecer muchísimo , ahora estoy contento de que haya sido así ” .
Es importante repasar el pasado para comprobar cómo estamos en la actualidad , sin remontarnos muy atrás en el tiempo descubrimos que para joven francés no ha cambiado mucho el panorama . Roccat , equipo en el cual Steeelback era el tirador titular durante el split de verano del 2016 , tuvieron dificultades para mantener su plaza en la EU LCS , adversidades que al final consiguieron superar , no sin esfuerzo y dolor , “ sí , para mí fue realmente complicada porque tuvimos un muy mal resultado y me afectó de algún modo ” , declara el francés .
Ampliar Pierre `` Steeelback '' Medjaldi Team Vitality
Es un jugador extremadamente motivado y entusiasta , a día de hoy aquello sigue presente en su cabeza pero no será un impedimento para continuar , quizás alguna filosofía personal le diferencia del resto de los jugadores , “ simplemente no quiero estar decepcionado conmigo mismo cuando termine mi carrera , quiero mirar atrás y estar orgulloso de lo que they conseguido , esa es mi motivación principal , sé que puedo hacerlo ” .
No quiero estar decepcionado conmigo mismo cuando termine mi carrera
A pesar de todo lo ocurrido en el pasado , las futuras metas deben prevalecer sobre todo lo demás y en este caso no hay duda de ello . Steeelback se embarca en una nueva temporada junto a Vitality , un equipo con el cual pretende llegar al Mundial , “ mi objetivo es ir al mundial y creo que tengo muchas posibilidades con Vitality , por eso me uní al equipo ” explica el jugador . Vitality es un club de deportes electrónicos con equipos en varias disciplinas , su amplia estructura y organización ha supuesto que marcas como Adidas se adentren en los esports , “ está genial que una marca así empiece a patrocinar a un equipo de esports . Simplemente muestra lo grande e importantes que se están convirtiendo los deportes electrónicos ” , opina Steeelback .
El equipo de Vitality para el split de primavera es sustancialmente distinto en comparación con la pasada temporada , salvo Nukeduck y Cabochard , las demás líneas han sido remplazadas con nuevos integrantes . Junto a Steelback estará Ha `` Hachani '' Seung-chan , exjugador de KT Rolster en la liga coreana , “ hachani es un muy buen jugador , así que creo que no tendremos ningún problema jugando juntos , aunque no habla inglés muy bien , está aprendiendo muy rápido ” responde Steeelback .
A falta de las primeras partidas para obtener una impresión sobre los demás equipos de la EU LCS , Steeelback tiene su opinión sobre los contrincantes de su grupo , los cuales le esperan durante las próximas semanas , “ creo que Splyce , Unicorns of Love y H2K son equipos muy fuertes , así que será difícil al principio porque han estado juntos desde hace un año , pero a la larga estoy seguro de que seremos mejores ” .
English version
The possibility of accessing to the maximum professional League of Legends competition is within the reach of very few fortunate people , Pierre `` Steeelback '' Medjaldi is one of them , they disputed their first match in the European LCS with Fnatic during the Spring Split of 2015 . However , nobody said that the competition would be easy , even when winning you can still lose , “ My hardest moment is when i got kicked from Fnatic . I was really friend with everyone and we won the split , ” confesses Steeelback , “ I was happy there and , when I heard the news right before MSI , I was really sad ” .
In spite of all the drama , thoughts of how one may benefit can always arise , and in this case it happened , “ I told myself at that time that we will represent EU , so i had to give everything , ” they explain , “ This hard moment made me grow up a ton , now I 'm glad that it happened . ”
It is important to review the past to see how we are today , without going back very far in time we discover that for the young French player things have not changed that much . Roccat , the team in which Steeelback was the starting marksman during the 2016 Summer Split , had difficulties maintaining their spot in the EU LCS , adversities that in the end they managed to overcome , not without effort and pain , “ Yes , for me it was really hard because we had very bad results and it affected me in a way . ”
This hard moment made me grow up a ton , now I 'm glad that it happened
They are an extremely motivated and enthusiastic player , adversities will not be an impediment for them to continue , perhaps some personal philosophy sets them apart from the rest of the players , “ I just do n't want to be disappointed in myself when my career is over , I want to look back and be proud of what I accomplished , that is my main motivation and I know that I can do it . ”
Despite all that has happened in the past , future goals must prevail over everything else and in this case there is no doubt about it . Steeelback embarks on a new season with Vitality , a team with which they aim to reach Worlds , “ My goal is to go to Worlds and I think that I have good chances with Vitality , that 's why I joined them. ” , explains the player .
Vitality is an esports club with teams in various disciplines , its extensive structure and organization attracted a huge brand like Adidas to break into the scene , “ It sounds good that a brand like that starts sponsoring esports teams , it just shows how big esports is becoming , ” comments Steeelback .
I just do n't want to be disappointed in myself when my career is over , I want to look back and be proud of what I accomplished
Vitality 's team for the Spring Split is substantially different compared to last season . With the exception of Nukeduck and Cabochard , the other lanes have been replaced with new members . Along with Steelback will be Ha `` Hachani '' Seung-chan , former KT Rolster player in the Korean League , “ Hachani is a really good player , so I think that we wo n't have any problem playing together . Even if they do n't speak english that well , they are learning really fast . ”
In the absence of the first games to get an impression on the other teams of the EU LCS , Steeelback has their opinion about the opponents of their group , who await them during the next weeks , “ I think that Splyce , Unicorns of Love and H2K are really strong teams , so it will be hard at the beginning because they have been together since already a year , but in the long run i 'm confident that we will be better. ” , concludes the french player .
There was no getting around the fact that Monday night 's Saints-Vikings game would be all about Adrian Peterson 's return to Minnesota ... until it was n't , thanks to Saints coach Sean Payton 's game plan . At least one former Vikings great got their time to shine in their return — Randy Moss , who was honored at halftime of the season opener at U.S. Bank Stadium .
As for the game itself , a 29-19 Vikings win , New Orleans ' boosted offense had its hands full with Minnesota 's stingy defense . The Vikings had their own new faces , namely rookie running back Dalvin Cook , to break in against the Saints .
STEELE : Diggs give Vikings the spark they needed against Saints
Sporting News provided live scoring updates during Monday night 's Saints-Vikings game . Here 's how it went down .
Saints-Vikings : Scores , results , highlights
( All times ET )
10:06 p.m. : Game . Rookie running back Dalvin Cook rushed for 127 yards and broke Adrian Peterson 's record ( 107 ) for rushing yards by a rookie running back in their Vikings debut . Peterson ironically watched from the opposite sideline , where they were most of the game rather than on the field . The future Hall of Famer carried the ball just six times for 18 yards in their Saints debut . We do n't think they were happy about it .
Sam Bradford ( 27 of 32 , 346 yards , 3 TDs , 143.0 rating ) managed to outplay Drew Brees ( 27 of 37 , 291 yards , 1 TD , 104.7 rating ) in a game in which the Vikings out-gained the Saints 470-344 in total yards .
10 p.m. : Touchdown . The Saints scored their first touchdown of the game way too late , in garbage time and down three scores against the Vikings . Drew Brees naturally refused to quit , though , and found Coby Fleener for an eight-yard touchdown pass with 1:56 to play in the game . 29-19 , Vikings .
9:50 p.m. : Field goal . Kai Forbath 's 45-yard field goal with four minutes to play put the Vikings up by three scores and presumably sealed the game . Minnesota was able to milk 3:49 off the clock during its eight-play , 48-yard drive . 29-12 , Vikings .
9:39 p.m. : Field goal . Four field goals of 25 yards or fewer generally is a good sign of red-zone woes . That was the case for Saints on Monday , as they failed to score a touchdown deep in Minnesota territory yet again . But they at least were able to cut the Vikings ' lead to 14 at the five-minute mark with Wil Lutz 's 20-yarder . 26-12 , Vikings .
9:27 p.m. : Touchdown . The Vikings took a commanding lead early in the fourth quarter when Sam Bradford found Kyle Rudolph on a corner route at the goal line for a touchdown . The score capped another long drive for Minnesota — nine plays , 89 yards , including a 32-yard run by rookie Dalvin Cook . 26-9 , Vikings .
9:25 p.m. : Start of fourth quarter .
9:15 p.m. Field goal . An eight-play , 83-yard New Orleans drive that included a 52-yard pass from Drew Brees to Tommylee Lewis stalled at the Minnesota 6-yard line , where Wil Lutz connected on a 24-yard field goal , their third successful kick of the game . 19-9 , Vikings .
8:54 p.m. : Field goal . A seven-play , 54-yard drive on the Vikings ' first possession of the second half , which almost ended with a Latavius Murray fumble ( recovered by offense ) , instead ended with a 32-yard field goal by Kai Forbath . 19-6 , Vikings .
8:48 p.m. : Start of third quarter .
8:34 p.m. : Halftime . Minnesota held a 229-118 total yards advantage over New Orleans after the first 30 minutes . The Vikings had just three 80-plus-yard drives throughout the entire 2016 season — they had two before halftime Monday , not including a 74-yard drive in the second quarter . Sam Bradford had a great first half : 17 of 20 for 197 yards and two touchdowns , both to Stefon Diggs .
8:30 p.m. : Touchdown . Sam Bradford to Stefon Diggs . Again . The Vikings ' QB put the ball where it needed to be , and the receiver made an impressive catch while getting both feet down in-bounds on the side of the end zone . The score capped a massive 10-play , 95-yard drive that took just 1:40 and left three seconds on the first-half clock . 16-6 , Saints .
8:07 p.m. : Touchdown . It was all Sam Bradford . The Vikings needed just three plays to march 74 yards for the first touchdown of the game . An incredible completion into a tight window by Bradford set up the score on the next play : an 18-yard completion off play-action to Stefon Diggs on a corner route in the end zone . 10-6 , Vikings .
8:02 p.m. : Field goal . Wil Lutz nailed their second field goal of the first half , a 21-yarder , to give the Saints the lead after another long drive — 13 plays , 74 yards . Veteran New Orleans right tackle Zach Stief was injured on the drive , but they were able to walk off the field on their own power . 6-3 , Saints .
7:39 p.m. : End of first quarter . Two drives — one for each team — took up almost all of the first 15 minutes . New Orleans had run two plays on its second drive before the end of the quarter . The Saints held a 62-48 total yards advantage over the Vikings .
7:35 p.m. : Field goal . The Vikings saw the Saints ' impressive opening drive and raised them an even more impressive opening drive . Kai Forbath made a 24-yard field goal after Minnesota 's 14-play , 78-yard drive stalled at the New Orleans 7-yard line . 3-3 , tie game .
7:21 p.m. : Field goal . An impressive first drive of the season for the Saints stalled at the Vikings ' 25-yard line , where Wil Lutz made their 43-yarder to give New Orleans the lead . The 13-play , 56-yard drive took 6:39 off the first-quarter clock . 3-0 , Saints .
7:11 p.m. : Kickoff . The Vikings won the toss and elected to defer to the second half . Saints running back Trey Edmunds returned the kick to their own 19-yard line .
6:35 p.m. : Drew Brees pregame hype speeches never get old .
`` It 's the first game of the season
Monday Night Football on the road
it does n't get any bigger and better ! ''
- @ drewbrees ' pregame huddle ! pic.twitter.com/jkEIF16Vgd — New Orleans Saints ( @ Saints ) September 11 , 2017
5:43 p.m. : Vikings and Saints inactives were announced .
5:23 p.m. : Welcome back to Minnesota , Adrian Peterson .
It 's hard to tell when the first solar eclipse in the world took place but the ancient Irish certainly helped , being among the first to document when it happened .
The Irish have a long and distinguished history with eclipses . Images of the first recorded eclipse were carved into stone cairns at Loughcrew in Meath over 5,000 years ago , but one of the first eclipses , of the common era , was also recorded in Ireland , by an Irish monk on June 29 , 512 , in the Chronicle of Ireland .
Eclipses were first recorded by the Irish
Our ancient Irish ancestors carved images of an ancient eclipse into giant stones over 5,000 years ago , on November 30 , 3340BC to be exact . This is the oldest known recorded solar eclipse in history .
The illustrations are found in the Stone Age “ Cairn L , ” on Carbane West , at Loughcrew , outside Oldcastle , in County Meath . The landscape of rolling hills is littered with Neolithic monuments . Some say that originally there were at least 40 to 50 monuments , but others say the figure was more like 100 .
3
“ Cairn L ” received a mention in Astronomy Ireland 's article : “ Irish Recorded Oldest Known Eclipse 5,355 Years Ago. ” They noted that the Irish Neolithic astronomer priests recorded the events on three stones relating to the eclipse , as seen from that location .
During their research at Loughcrew , Martin Brennan and Jack Roberts discovered that the sun illuminates this chamber on the mornings of Samhain and Imbolc , the ancient Celtic festivals . These important dates lie during the first week of November and the first week of February , the ancient cross-quarter days . Though this may not be the original alignment we are still left with a spectacular display .
The 3340BC eclipse is the only eclipse that fits out of the 92 solar eclipses in history tracked by Irish archaeo-astronomer expert , Paul Griffin . With none of the technology available to our modern experts , the ancient Irish constructed these complex structures , that not only have endured for more than 5,000 years but were built with such accuracy that they continue to perform their astronomical functions today .
3
Many believe that the ancient Celts created the “ festival of light ” to welcome the eclipse , that is , they knew it was coming .
The ancient structure of the “ Cairn L ” remains a mystery . The most unusual aspect of the monument is a tall pillar stone within the chamber known as the “ Whispering Stone. ” This limestone pillar is two meters tall ( 6 ' 7 '' ) and gives the impression that the whole chamber and cairn were built to house it .
On August 26 , 1980 , Brennan and Roberts observed the full moon entering and illuminating the end recess of the cairn . The moon struck a cup mark on the endstone and then moved to the right to illuminate the bottom of the Whispering Stone . Little observational research has been done on the movements of the moon in these monuments .
Read more : What you need to know about August 's solar eclipse ?
H/T : Carowkeel and Newgrange .
* Originally published in September 2015 .
Excelsior , true believers !
Lately , I 've been working to finish up the last of Story of Seasons ' localization files . Most of those , as chance would have it , were the “ TV ” files we 'd intentionally saved ‘ til last . Usually , when localizing , we 'll prioritize files that contain things like text that appears in the user interface , character and place names , or items , because those things are often referenced in other files . We work our way down the list until we get to the most self-contained text , and in this case , TV text was it .
For those not yet in the know , you can get a TV for your house in Story of Seasons . It 's not available right away , and it 's even possible you could go through the game and never see it , if you did n't make it a point to get one . That 'd be a shame , though , because its strange and wondrous mishmash of public access channels often tell entertaining stories all their own .
It might surprise you to know that somewhere between 1/6 and 1/7 of the game 's total text is tied up in these TV files . They 're quite large , and to experience all the series you can watch will take no small amount of devotion . There 's quite the lineup , too ! If you 're in the mood for mystery and suspense , there 's the great whodunnit “ Murder at Black Gull Villa. ” If a bizarre yet light-hearted bit of reality TV is what you 're looking for , tune in for “ Search for the Legendary Chef. ” There 's even a crazy farm-themed sentai show , the “ Mighty Munchin ' Veggie Rangers , ” which had me laughing at more than a few of its cornball jokes .
Tuning in can also be educational , as with the series I 'm currently editing , “ Oak Tree Times. ” Intrepid reporter Kassie Oakley brings you the latest about each resident , interviewing them and sharing amusing anecdotes . Sometimes she 'll have special guests that shed some outside light on characters . Ever wondered how out-of-towners regard Raeger 's restaurant ? Curious about Klaus 's colorful past ? Want to know more about nurse Angela 's bedside manner ( and how they administer shots ) ? Or what Iris 's current and former literary agents have to say about their work ? By watching Oak Tree Times , you can find answers to these questions , and more . As somewhat of a lore hound myself , I really enjoy opportunities like this to see characters fleshed out and come more into their own as individuals .
You can also tune in to “ Oak Tree Tips , ” an educational program that reminds you of features in the game that you might 've lost track of while juggling those ten different crops you grow , the eight different animals you 're shearing for wool , and those three people you 're trying to simultaneously date . A gentle reminder that you can , say , cultivate pearls , or that spraying perfume on a beehive will increase your chance of harvesting high-quality honey , might be just the tip-off you need to start you on the road to raking in the big Gs .
Of course , there are more programs than just these , but I would n't want to give away the fun of channel surfing as you sit on your virtual couch while also possibly sitting on your real couch .
While it IS ultimately supplemental , television in Story of Seasons is meant to be the best kind of frivolous entertainment . You can flip it on , see what 's out there , and veg out ( ehh ? ehhh ? ! ) to some truly weird shows , or even get a head start on planning your next day with Lillie 's weather reports . However you choose to play , I hope that when you 've established yourself as a farmer , you 'll buy yourself a TV and see what hidden gems await you in the wonderful world of local broadcast television .
Cheers !
+ Nick
P.S . Here are a couple of new English screenshots . Enjoy !
Continental Acquires Hoosier Racing Tire Corporation
Fort Mill , SC. , October 4 , 2016 — The international technology company Continental today announced the acquisition of Lakeville , IN-based Hoosier Racing Tire Corp. , a manufacturer of specialty tires for racing applications .
“ This acquisition showcases the consequent execution of our long-term growth strategy Vision 2025 , characterized by strategic planning and systematic implementation of technological progress . The acquisition of Hoosier Racing Tire is an exciting next addition to our product portfolio and will support our growth strategy , especially in the ultra high performance segment , ” said Nikolai Setzer , Executive Board Member for Continental 's tire business .
Dr. Jochen Etzel , CEO of Continental Tire the Americas , LLC ( CTA ) added , “ Hoosier 's management team has built an impressive business . We believe Hoosier Tire is well-positioned to continue its strong growth , and we look forward to supporting that development through our complementary knowledge and extensive footprint . Hoosier 's management team will continue to run the racing tire business . We are committed to the employees , and the communities in which Hoosier operates . We look forward to the future of working together to accelerate growth . ”
Hoosier was founded in 1957 and has a legacy of technical product knowledge , quality manufacturing , outstanding service and consistent performance . Hoosier supplies tires for most racing applications throughout the world , with an emphasis on high performance and quality . The company currently employs nearly 500 people .
Joyce Newton , Hoosier 's president and CEO said , “ Continental and Hoosier share a similar vision for continued growth and sales excellence . Hoosier has fantastic brand recognition , a high-performing team , established customer relationships and a great lineup of products . This acquisition will provide a stronger and more sustainable organization for Hoosier moving ahead . ”
Continental and Hoosier have worked together over the past several years on a variety of technical and motorsports projects . Continental is constantly looking to add talent to its team . The transaction will create significant opportunities for the employees of Hoosier and CTA .
Terms of the transaction are not being disclosed .
# # #
Continental develops intelligent technologies for transporting people and their goods . As a reliable partner , the international automotive supplier , tire manufacturer , and industrial partner provides sustainable , safe , comfortable , individual , and affordable solutions . In 2015 , the corporation generated sales of €39.2 billion with its five divisions , Chassis & Safety , Interior , Powertrain , Tires , and ContiTech . Continental currently employs approximately 215,000 people in 55 countries .
Based in Fort Mill , S.C. , Continental Tire the Americas , LLC manufactures and distributes a complete premium line of passenger , light truck and commercial tires for original equipment and replacement markets . Our ultra-high , performance tires include award-winning technologies that focus on safety , help save money , and reduce CO2 emissions . Continental 's premium products are available at leading independent tire dealers , car dealers , and mass retail companies across North America . Continental Tire is a proud supporter of IMSA , Major League Soccer ( MLS ) , College Basketball , West Coast Customs , Lingenfelter Performance Engineering , and Petty 's Garage . For more information visit , www.continentaltire.com .
Media Contact
Kathryn Blackwell Vice President Communications and Marketing Phone : +1 ( 248 ) 393-6593 E-mail : Kathryn.blackwell @ continental-corporation.com
Online Media Database : www.ctamedia.com
The Obama era began amidst the hope that American politics was finally moving beyond its old racial divisions . Five years later , something closer to the opposite has happened : partisan politics has cut new racial divisions into American life . Consider this graph from Brown University political scientist Michael Tesler :
That is ... insane . There 's a 42-point partisan gap on whether some racist oaf should be forced to sell the Clippers . There 's a 38-point partisan gap on whether a searing film about slavery should win an Oscar . There 's a 48-point gap on a Florida murder trial .
It was n't always this way . In 1984 , when Bernhard Goetz shot four young African-American men they thought were going to mug him , there was no difference in the way Democrats and Republicans responded . Even the OJ Simpson trial did n't lead to a large partisan cleavage :
But that was before Barack Obama was elected president .
Tesler 's book Obama 's Race : The 2008 Election and the Dream of a Post-Racial America , limns an inconvenient truth of the 2008 election : it was the most racialized election in modern American history . There 's been no recent campaign in which racial attitudes did as much to drive political behavior . And that 's continued after the election .
Tesler worked with political scientist ( and Obama 's Race coauthor ) David Sears to test how racial attitudes — measured using a standard survey — drove the approval ratings of different presidents . The curve for Obama looks unlike anything else on the chart :
What you see in that graph is that this is n't just about partisanship . It 's about Obama . Tesler proved this beyond all doubt in a survey in which they showed pictures of Obama 's dog Bo and then asked whether people whether they felt favorably or unfavorably towards the Portuguese water poodle . The catch was in some cases , Tesler said the picture was actually of Ted Kennedy 's dog Splash .
The result ? Racial attitudes drove opinions on Bo much more powerfully than they drove opinions on Splash :
In other studies , Tesler found that dropping Obama 's name made voters with higher levels of racial resentment more likely to oppose Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor as well as the Affordable Care Act .
Tesler 's subsequent work has shown something even odder , though . There 's been no recent period in which political behavior has done as much to drive racial attitudes . As they write at the Monkey Cage , `` racial attitudes and partisan attachments have become more closely aligned in the Obama era than they were before Obama 's rise to prominence . ''
Tesler shows a graph of Republican attitudes on interracial marriage and affirmative action . Opposition spikes upon Obama 's election :
That 's also how you get findings like a 42-point partisan gap on whether Donald Sterling should have to sell the Clippers and a 38-point gap on whether 12 Years a Slave should win an Oscar .
Far from ushering in a post-racial period in American life , Obama 's presidency has led to both political issues becoming more racialized and racial issues becoming more politicized .
China 's working population is the problem and not unemployment , says Reuters . ( Photo : Getty Images )
China 's unemployment problem may be overblown as some economists believe that other industries can still handle laidoff workers from the government 's drive against overcapacity .
A report from Reuters pointed out the possible exaggeration of the country 's dilemma on unemployment , citing the situation of some former steel firm workers who were able to find new jobs quickly .
Advertisement
In fact , the outlet noted that the country may be facing a possible shortage of laborers to match the unpredictable demands in the manufacturing industry , as well as the declining size of China 's working-age population .
Unemployment Worries in China
Earlier this month , Bloomberg reported that there may be hidden details on the actual unemployment situation in China .
According to the report , the country 's underemployment indicator has increased to 12.9 percent , three times of the record posted in 2012 .
This statistics from Fathom Consulting highlights the degree of slack that the employment in China is experiencing at the time when the mass layoffs have yet to occur .
`` The degree of Slack has surged in recent years , '' the London-based analytics firm explained . `` China has a substantial hidden unemployment problem , in our view , and that explains why the authorities have come under so much pressure to restart the old growth engines . ''
Fathom further noted that the country has problems with social instability brought about by insecure jobs , something that legislators should be aware of .
Reality
However , a more recent article from Reuters deems the data from Bloomberg far from the actual reality the laborers who were laid off is currently experiencing .
In fact , the outlet believes that China should be looking at a problem of shortage of workers instead of the surplus of them , considering the lingering drop of the size of their working-age population , a consequence of the long-standing one-child policy .
According to the report , workers who were laid off were only seeking jobs in other provinces where they can find more secure employment .
Furthermore , some economists believe that if the workers have lower expectations in jobs in terms of pay , then finding a new one would be easy .
`` The core issue is : What kind of job can they find and what kind of pay can they get for a new job ? '' Gavekal Dragonomics economist Cui Ernan told Reuters . `` If they lower their expectations for their pay or for the role that they are working in , then it 's not that hard for them to find a job . ''
It has been a wild ride for the HTC Thunderbolt and the Gingerbread update for it that finally arrived this week . Once it went live , users flocked to it , hoping for magic . What they found though , was a support document ( which was pulled and has now returned ) that had no idea what it was talking about followed by a couple of bugs that were almost as frustrating as the 5-6 months wait . The first was pretty major – voicemail notifications no longer worked . Can you imagine the effect on someone whose job relies heavily on such a simple , yet important piece to their phone ?
The other bug , which is just more annoying than anything , has to do with Google Talk . With Android 2.3.4 , we were all supposed to see video chatting capabilities , except they were only half-way introduced with this update for the Thunderbolt . On my device , I could not get it to connect no matter what I tried . Others claimed they could at least connect , but there was no way to get the front-facing camera to work , leaving the service useless in video form .
And then yesterday , rumors started flooding our inbox suggesting that the update had been pulled . Has it ? We are pretty sure it has been at this point . The thing most of you are wondering though , is “ What about those of us that already updated ? ” Well , all signs point to Verizon working quickly to make this situation right . Now , I have not been given or seen a time table , but I do n't think I need to remind you of the amount of time it took them to fix that reboot bug ( 3 months ? ) . Let 's just hope they see the importance of having correctly working voicemail notifications and get this puppy out in a matter of days .
To those of you that are rooted or ROM 'd , you may want to check out this fix for voicemail notifications .
Oh , and here is the correct Thunderbolt Gingebread PDF…
Cheers Jeremy , KleenDroid and everyone else !
BERLIN — Negative attitudes toward foreigners living in Germany have increased so much during 2010 that a third of Germans say they want foreigners repatriated , and 10 percent of Germans would prefer to have a “ führer ” ( a derogatory word only used in reference to Hitler ) take charge , according to a new report by published Wednesday .
The report , on the rise of right-wing extremism , was prepared by the Friedrich Ebert Foundation , a research organization affiliated with the opposition Social Democratic Party . Its publication coincides with a emotionally charged debate about immigration and the integration of the seven million foreigners living in Germany .
With leading politicians singling out Turks and Arabs — even suggesting , as the Bavarian premier , Horst Seehofer , did last week that they would be better off returning to their countries of origin — public attitudes about foreigners are swinging increasingly toward intolerance and racism , according to the report .
A prevailing view by the 2,411 respondents was that “ Germany , because of the many foreigners living here , is exposed to foreign influence to a dangerous extent , ” the report said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The foundation , which carried out a similar report seven years ago , pointed out that this time such views were no longer confined to far-right wing groups or their sympathizers but that they have entered the mainstream .
Russian military helicopter Mi-8 was shot down in Syria 's northwestern province Idlib , said the Russian Foreign Ministry , quoted by Russian media .
Russian authorities are investigating the fate of the three crew members and two officers from the center of reconciliation who were of the board of the downed helicopter . Later , the Kremlin announced that all five were killed .
“ On August 1 , a Russian military transport Mi-8 helicopter was shot down from the ground en route to the Hmeimim airbase after delivering humanitarian aid to the city of Aleppo . A crew of three and two officers of the Russian center for Syrian reconciliation were on board , ” explained from the Russian Defense Ministry .
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that the people on board died heroically in an attempt to minimize civilian casualties on the ground .
The Russian military highlighted that the fate of the Russian troops is being investigated on all possible channels . Photos on “ Twitter ” , however , showed locals to drag the body of a man who supposedly was on board . In the social network appeared information about cheering rebels , boasting that they downed the Russian machine .
On July 8 DAESH ( “ Islamic State ” ) shot down a Syrian helicopter Mi-25 , which was piloted by two Russian officers .
Hey Yo ! Draven here .
Director , Roland Emmerich has confirmed that original INDEPENDENCE DAY star , Will Smith will not be back for the sequel that is now dated for July 3 , 2015 . They told NY Daily News ,
`` Will Smith can not come back because he 's too expensive , but he 'd also be too much of a marquee name , It would be too much . ''
They did give us a few hints though on who would return ,
`` We have like maybe half of the people that you know would know from the first film ( in the script ) and the other half people who are new , ''
In the past both Bill Pullman and Jeff Goldblum have confirmed that they will have a role in the sequel , this has not been confirmed though by the studio or Emmerich .
They also confirmed that it will be a direct sequel ,
“ We 're not doing a total reboot , we 're doing something that 's totally unusual ”
I am not sure Fox would feel that Will Smith is “ too much of a marquee name ” . I guess after the failure of AFTER EARTH , they have lost a little bit of their luster when it comes to the studio executives . INDEPENDENCE DAY was the film that launched Smith to super-stardom and they obviously have no problem coming back for sequels , and they now need a hit more than ever , so it 's a little surprising that they are n't going to have a role with this .
Emmerich has previously said that they want to make two sequels to INDEPENDENCE DAY , titled ID FOREVER : PART 1 and ID FOREVER : PART 2 . No word yet if that is still the plan but if they are still planning that , you would think they would both have to be green-lit together , which would make this an even bigger risk .
There really is n't any precedent for this , and Fox is taking a big chance on this , especially without Will Smith 's involvement . When I say there is n't precedent , I ca n't think of any blockbuster film that got its first sequel , twenty years later . Like Emmerich said , this is n't going to be a reboot or a remake , this is going to be a sequel about the alien 's response to the original film .
We also found out that WHITE HOUSE DOWN and ZODIAC screenwriter , James Vanderbilt is currently re-writing the script to the INDEPENDENCE DAY sequel , although it is not a page one re-write .
I do n't know how it is going to work out or what the expectations are for this . But it is a little weird that the sequel is finally coming together and now we know it is going to be without its original star .
What do you guys think ? Does the absence of Will Smith effect your anticipation for this film , one way or the other ?
Be one of the cool kids and follow me on Twitter here !
JAY SCHULZ and Port Adelaide will part ways at the end of the 2016 season , with the Power opting not to renew the veteran forward 's contract for next year .
Saturday night 's away game against Gold Coast will be their final match in a Power jumper .
Schulz , 31 , joined Port from Richmond for the 2010 season and has won the club 's leading goal kicker award four times .
Battling a back injury and playing six AFL games in 2016 , Schulz says they will explore options to find a new home in 2017 and has a view to pursue a coaching career once football is over .
While disappointed to leave Alberton , Schulz departs their club of seven seasons on good terms .
“ I 've loved my time at Port Adelaide and will always be thankful to the club , in particular Chocco , for giving me a chance , ” Schulz said .
“ While I 'm disappointed with the club 's decision to let me go I understand and respect the reasons behind it , and wish them all the best with what I 'm sure will be a bright future .
“ Personally , I think I have a couple of years of footy left in me and I look forward to developing off-field too . Helping young players get the best out of themselves is a passion of mine and I 'm keen to pursue a career in coaching once my playing days are over .
“ I want to say a massive thanks to all the supporters who have accepted me and stood by me since I arrived at Alberton . They 've always made me feel part of the club and I feel I 'll always be welcome back .
“ My biggest thanks has to go to my wife , Amy , and our three kids , who have stood by me over a long period . Professional footballers make a lot of sacrifices but their families contribute just as much or more . I could n't have done anything without them . ”
Jay Schulz is a four-time leading goal kicker for Port Adelaide [ pic : AFL Media ]
Port Adelaide senior coach Ken Hinkley said the decision not to renew Schulz 's contract was a difficult one , but praised their service to the club .
“ Jay 's value on the field has been clear for all to see ever since they walked into the Port Adelaide Football Club ,
“ Just as valuable has been their strength and leadership off-field .
“ Unfortunately the nature of football means we need to make hard decisions around this time of year , and we need to always have our eyes on what our list needs for the future .
“ Jay understands that , and he 's handled themselves superbly throughout our discussions .
“ He 'll always be welcome at Alberton and a part of this proud footy club . ”
Jay Schulz will speak at a press conference later on Thursday .
Their final and 123rd game for the Power will be against Gold Coast at Metricon Stadium at 7.25pm AEST on Saturday 27 August .
Written by Kevin Camps :
In two recruiting seasons Florida has seemingly turned over the receiver position . Prior to McElwain arriving , the Gators brought in a limited number of promising talented receivers and they have yet to manifest that potential on the field . There have been multiple All-Americans at receiver as well as tight end that have not panned out . There is always a plethora of reasons why certain players do not meet the potential and expectations coming out of high school . One could argue that for some of the recruits recently there was n't much expectation at all .
Coach McElwain noted during their post signing day press conference that the offensive side of the ball needed some ‘ restructuring ' . Outside of the quarterback makeover needed , the receiver position was next in line .
Florida has attempted about everything to get production at the WR position . Scheme changes , quarterback changes , position changes and all have failed for the most part . The best way to get production is to recruit better and coach them up .
The receiver position has an uncanny ability to fool us on the high school level as well as the college level . With offensive schemes and concepts becoming so ‘ user friendly ' on every level , the evaluation of the position has become more difficult . Finding a player that can translate to a particular scheme may mean the staff passing a player , but there are guys that a good enough that will work in any style . At the end of the day , there is no excuse for the lack of production at the position that has a lot of talent available to a school with rich tradition .
In a year that saw quite a few top notch receivers come from within the state , the Gators landed two of the better ones in early enrollees Joshua Hammond and Freddie Swain . Florida also took to out of state to get some help with elite receiver Tyrie Cleveland from Houston , Texas and explosive JUCO transfer Dre Massey . Also in this class is Jacksonville Raines product Rick Wells , who will also have an opportunity to contribute in the fall . Florida may have missed on some guys in state , which is disappointing but overall the wide receiver class turned out to be one of the best across the nation .
It may be asking too much for this group to match the production of last year 's first-year student playmaker Antonio Callaway , but they will be expected to contribute in some form or fashion .
It is no secret the Gators needed help on the outside . Playing time will be available for the taking due to the lack of production of those on campus as well as the loss of Demarcus Robinson , whose career fizzled out after a promising sophomore season . Going into spring practice we know Callaway will be the number one target followed up by Brandon Powell . After that , Florida returns receivers Ahmad Fulwood , Alvin Bailey , Chris Thompson , C.J . Worton and others that have not played much . Between Fulwood , Bailey , Thompson and Worton they have combined for 53 receptions , 595 yards and 4 touchdowns in their career . Needless to say , opportunity is there .
The biggest celebration from the coaching staff on signing day came from the commitment of Tyrie Cleveland ( 6 ' 3 ” 190 lbs. ) . Cleveland is expected to be the one to come in and play early . From Westfield High School the big play receiver has big time speed being clocked in the 40 at 4.38 . The recruiting process was quite a ride for Cleveland having committed to Texas A & M in 2014 then flipping to the hometown Houston Cougars before finally choosing to don the orange and blue . Like most receivers coming out of high school there is still some polishing needed for them to become effective in the SEC .
“ He was a guy that always had interest in the Gators ” McElwain said .
That interest coupled with their familiarity with Florida having spent time in Jacksonville before moving to Texas as well as their relationship with fellow commit Rick Wells provided the Gators with an in road to landing their pledge .
Three of the group of five receivers signing with the Gators are already on campus , which is a big deal . It is time for them to get acclimated not only in school but to start learning the program and the offense as well as developing a relationship with the current quarterback group . Joshua Hammond ( 6 ' 1 ” 179 lbs . ) , the younger brother of former Gator and current Kansas City Chief Frank Hammond . Freddie Swain ( 6 ' 0 ” 177 lbs . ) from Ocala , Florida North Marion High School and Dre Massey ( 5 ' 9 ” 187 lbs . ) of Greenville , S.C. all will get a jump start to becoming a part of the 2016 offensive group .
Among this group , there is a lot of versatility . Massey brings big play ability that can be used in multiple positions . They have a knack for the end zone considering their 11 touchdown performance in a 2013 game ( http : //usatodayhss.com/2013/massey-stars-as-mavs-outscore-bulldogs ) . Hammond and Swain bring solid fundamentals and good hands with the ability to play inside and out . Both will need to hit the weight room hard to become more effective receivers at this level of competition . The Gators will get their first look during spring practice and from there we can better gauge their contribution moving into the fall .
Florida had a successful haul at the receiver position that added production , competition and depth . There is still work to be done here at the position , because injuries , transfers and bust happen , but this is a positive step in the right direction .
Conor Oberst 's punk band Desaparecidos are gearing up to release their first new album in 13 years , Payola , on June 23 via Epitaph . As previously reported , the band will be touring in support of the album . Now , the band has extended that tour through the summer . Check out all updated dates below .
Desaparecidos :
06-25 Brooklyn , NY - Shea Stadium
06-26 Brooklyn , NY - Rough Trade
07-16 Indianapolis , IN - Deluxe
07-17 St. Louis , MO - The Ready Room
07-18 Louisville , KY - Forecastle
07-19 Pittsburgh , PA - Stage AE
07-29 Cleveland , OH - Grog Shop
07-30 Rochester Hills , MI - Meadow Brook
07-31 Rochester , NY - Water Street Music Hal
08-01 Montreal , Quebec - Osheaga
08-02 Portland , ME - Port City Music Hall
08-04 Boston , MA - Paradise Rock Club
08-06 New York , NY - Webster Hall
08-07 Philadelphia , PA - Union Transfer
08-08 Washington , DC - 9:30 Club
08-09 Atlanta , GA - The Wrecking Ball
09-18 Toronto , Ontario - Urban Roots
10-30 Gainesville , FL - The Fest
Previously , Desaparecidos shared `` City on the Hill '' , which features Cursive 's Tim Kasher . Watch the video for that below , via Pitchfork.tv :
Documents found in the offices of former head of Libyan intelligence also reveal MI6 gave Gaddafi regime information on dissidents
The CIA worked closely with Muammar Gaddafi 's intelligence services in the rendition of terrorist suspects including Abdel-Hakim Belhaj , the rebel commander in Tripoli , according to documents found in Tripoli .
The documents , found in the offices of the former head of Libyan intelligence Musa Kusa , also show that MI6 gave Gaddafi 's regime information on Libyan dissidents living in the UK .
The files , uncovered by Human Rights Watch , provide details of the close relationship between western intelligence services , including MI6 and the CIA , and the ousted dictator 's regime .
Two documents from March 2004 appear to be American correspondence to Libyan officials to arrange the rendition of Belhaj , the former leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , a now-dissolved militant group with links to al-Qaida .
Referring to them by their nom de guerre , Abdullah al-Sadiq , the documents say they will be flown from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Libya , and asks for Libyan government agents to accompany him . They also request US `` access to al-Sadiq for debriefing purposes once they are in your custody '' .
Belhaj has said they were tortured by CIA agents at a secret prison before being returned to Libya .
`` Please be advised that we must be assured that al-Sadiq will be treated humanely and that their human rights will be respected , '' the document states .
Peter Bouckaert , the emergencies director of Human Rights Watch , called the ties between Washington and Gaddafi 's regime `` a very dark chapter in American intelligence history , and it remains a stain on the record of the American intelligence services that they cooperated with these very abusive intelligence services '' .
Jennifer Youngblood , a CIA spokesperson , declined to comment on any specific allegation related to the documents .
They said : `` It ca n't come as a surprise that the Central Intelligence Agency works with foreign governments to help protect our country from terrorism and other deadly threats . That is exactly what we are expected to do . ''
The documents referring to MI6 contain communications between British and Libyan security services before the former prime minister Tony Blair 's desert tent meeting with Gaddafi in 2004 . British officials are said to have helped the Libyan dictator with their speechwriting .
The foreign Secretary , William Hague , told Sky News they had no comment to make on intelligence matters .
But they added : `` On the subject of these apparent disclosures , first of all they relate to a period under the previous government so I have no knowledge of those , of what was happening behind the scenes at that time . ''
The documents emerged as the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) disclosed that British forces have so far hit more than 900 targets in the Nato campaign to protect Libyan civilians from the Gaddafi regime .
The latest strikes came during armed reconnaissance patrols around buildings in Bani Walid , where rebels believed Gaddafi may have been hiding .
Among the 910 targets damaged or destroyed since operations began in March were secret police headquarters and command bunkers , the MoD said .
As a child Franklin Veaux recalls hearing their school teacher read a story about a princess who had a tantalising dilemma . Two male suitors had been wooing them and they had to choose between them . Franklin wondered why they could not choose both .
This early insight was revealing . Franklin has to this day never stuck to one relationship at a time . “ I have never been in a monogamous relationship in my life . When I was in high school I took two dates to my senior prom . I lost my virginity as a threesome . ”
Today they live with their long-term girlfriend in a home they share with their other boyfriend . Occasionally their partner 's teenage daughter also stays over . They are also in four other long-distance relationships , people they see with varying degrees of frequency .
Franklin and their girlfriends are what 's called polyamorous or “ poly ” as the community tends to call it . Being poly simply means you can be in more than one relationship , with the full support and trust of however many partners they choose to have .
Polyamory does not feature in any census tick box but anecdotal evidence suggests that it is on the rise . Some are even calling for it to be recognised by law following the legalisation of gay marriage in the UK and the US . All this raises of the question of whether the future of love may be very different from our current conceptions of romance .
But love has always been the same , right ? A man falls for a woman , they get married , pop out a few children and stay together in a harmonious and monogamous relationship for life .
Sorry romantics . This was n't , and still is n't , always the picture of love . Polygamy – where more than one spouse is allowed – was the norm for many of our hunter-gatherer ancestors . Monogamy started flourishing when our ancestors began to settle down . A preference for it then appears to have arisen , among many other reasons , for economic purposes .
As many as 83 % of societies around the world allow polygamy
It made it easier for fathers to divide and share valuable commodities such as land with their children . Monogamy later got hijacked by romantic love by idealistic 19th Century Victorians . “ The idea of sexual exclusivity started emerging fairly late in the game , ” says professor of law Hadar Aviram at UC Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco , US .
Even today monogamy is the minority relationship style around the world . Cultural estimates suggest that as many as 83 % of societies around the world allow polygamy .
True romance
Now there is a fairly new player in the relationship game , at least as far as the public are concerned . In the last two decades , sociologists , legal scholars and the public have shown great interest towards polyamory and it 's making them reassess the very nature of romance .
The word polyamory was first coined in the 1960s and literally means “ many loves ” in Latin . That 's exactly what it is , but talking to poly individuals makes it quickly apparent that there is no one way to be poly . There are no immediate rules . Some people , like Franklin have live-in partners with additional liaisons outside the home . Others have a mixture of short and long-term relationships .
Some live in a big group with their partners and their partner 's other partner ( s ) , so-called “ family style polyamory ” . You get the idea . The one thing they all have in common is openness , understanding , trust and acceptance from all involved .
As you might imagine these kinds of relationships take a lot of work to maintain , so being poly is far from an easy option . For starters , to keep more than one relationship going , small logistical matters require a lot of communication . “ Our relationships are a lot more challenging , ” says Eve Rickert , one of Franklin 's long distance partners and co-author of their polyamory book More than Two .
It took several decades for published research to appear into this way of life . “ It called into question people 's core values , ” says Terri Conley from the University of Michigan , who initially struggled to get their research published due what they felt was a pervasive bias in favour of monogamy . Them research is revealing – there are some clear benefits to polyamory .
To start with , in a 2014 review paper Conley found that polyamorous people tend to maintain more friendships as they keep a wider social network . They are also less likely to cut off contact after a break-up .
Monogamous couples on the other hand , often withdraw from their friends in the first , loved-up stages of their relationship .
Conley also found that individuals in poly relationships are better at communicating and that jealousy is often lower . In new research , not yet published , they even discovered that overall relationship satisfaction can be higher in poly relationships , though another earlier 2015 review found that satisfaction was similar among monogamous and “ consensual non-monogamous ” relationships .
Nor do they seem more likely to spread sexually transmitted diseases . Indeed , an anonymous online study revealed that openly non-monogamous people are more likely to practice safe sex than cheating individuals in seemingly monogamous relationships .
Taking all their findings into consideration , Conley says that married monogamous couples could learn from a poly way of life . They could use similar ways to communicate and resolve conflict for example . “ The idea is that we put too much stress on marriage and need to give it more oxygen by giving people more resources , ” they say . “ A lot of the strategies used in poly relationships can map onto suggestions of how we improve marriage . ”
Social stigmas
Unfortunately , these positive experiences portrayed by the research do not always translate to positive perceptions of polyamorous people . In fact , poly individuals face many stigmas and one of the biggest misconceptions is that it 's all about sex . More partners mean more bed-hopping , right ? This is a common view , much to Franklin and Eve 's despair .
“ I have been in committed long-term relationships that span decades , ” Franklin explains . “ There are easier ways to find sex if sex is what you 're interested in . ”
Eve agrees . “ Poly is a lot of work . Having a lifestyle where you enjoy casual sex and hook-ups is a lot less work than maintaining five current long-term relationships. ” In poly relationships people are n't simply after a romp in the dark , but they make emotional and loving commitments to each other , taking in the good and the bad .
In their research Conley also came across other more subtle stigmas . “ People have the sense that monogamous individuals are seen as better , that people are more committed to each other , ” they say . People even perceived monogamous individuals as being better at very arbitrary things , such as walking their dogs , paying taxes on time and that they are more likely to floss their teeth .
These are similar to the kind of stigmas single people face . This all points to the fact that there is an intense “ pressure to pair ” . Monogamy is surrounded by a glowing halo and anyone who deviates from this norm seems to be viewed negatively , says Conley . “ Even people who are in non-monogamous relationships rate monogamous relationships as higher quality . They have internalised this sense that this is not the best thing to be doing – which is kind of sad . ”
The problem is that these judgements do not only affect the adults in polyamorous relationships , but it seeps into their children . Maria Pallotta-Chiarolli of Deakin University in Australia , has done extensive research looking into the well-being of children in poly families , and says the main issue is what 's referred to as “ the deficit model ” . This simply means outsiders believe that children are affected by their parents ' lifestyle in a negative way , which is not necessarily the case .
“ Research shows that most children are really happy growing up with lots of adults , in fact most kids love it , ” Pallotta-Chiarolli says . They benefit from added support and time from any additional parental role within their family unit . “ These children are more insightful and wise , and open to understanding diversity and many forms of religion and culture . ”
“ The children see parents organising employment , health care , making lunch , ” they continue . “ For them they see the whole gamut of living in a family , but externally , [ many ] think polyamory is all about orgies , and that 's really hard for the kids . ”
None of which is to say poly families are always perfect – they face similar struggles that any family might face . Eve , for instance , still lives with their husband as a life partner , but is no longer romantically involved with him . Then , as well as Franklin , they have been dating another woman for four years . Franklin also divorced their first wife of 18 years . Like any relationship , break-ups can be difficult , and they are even more complicated if children are involved .
These types of stigmas will be difficult to overcome , in part because these family units are not supported by any legal recognition
Regardless , any type of judgement from the outside world can put an unwelcome strain on polyamorous families . If the children underperform at school it 's often attributed to the fact that their parents are living in a non-monogamous relationship . The children in turn try to “ compensate by being perfect poster kids ” , Pallotta-Chiarolli explains .
These types of stigmas will be difficult to overcome , in part because these family units are not supported by any legal recognition , such as marriage and child custody . The appetite is there though , Aviram discovered . They spoke to numerous poly activists in research looking into whether polyamorous marriage might ever legally be possible
A 2012 survey of 4,000 polyamorous people revealed that about 76 % of the respondents would be interested in legal marriage if it were available , while 92 % agreed that “ consensual , multiparty marriages among adults ” should enjoy the same legal status as marriage between two people .
This appetite for legal poly marriage may have arisen as a result of the support given to same-sex marriage , which is now a legal right in the UK and in the US , Aviram says . “ It galvanized the poly activists. ” ( The comparison has not always been welcomed by LGBT advocates , however , who felt like it muddied the case for marriage equality . ) The question many people asked was why polyamory could not receive similar treatment ?
The truth is that implementing poly marriage would be complicated , in part because there are so many different types of poly relationships . “ No poly family is like the others , ” Aviram says . That being said , the family style units – where everyone is a member of the household with no relationships outside – should work remarkably like a conventional marriage , they say .
They plotted through how it might work . Parental responsibilities and home ownership could be legally divided and the biological status of any potential parent could also be taken into consideration . While these may be complicated cases they echo many of the hurdles adoptive parents face . Relationships outside the main home might introduce further complications but again , there are similar legal solutions for divorce and foster care .
In fact , Aviram says that a key challenge for now comes from the lack of legal protection – such as laws that prevent discrimination – for poly relationships . In the US Army for instance , adultery is even seen as a crime , meaning a person can not be ‘ out ' as poly if they are married .
For polyamory to be protected by law it will first have to be considered an orientation in the way that homosexually is . If , legally speaking , it is seen as an orientation , then the reasoning goes that poly individuals would be protected by similar anti-discriminatory laws .
Legal researcher Ann Tweedy , of Hamline University School of Law recently laid out an argument for why it should be considered an orientation . Sexual orientation , they say , is defined as attraction to either the same sex , the opposite sex or both sexes – but it could be broadened to include other sexual preferences that are entwined with identity .
This echoes what many poly activists say , Aviram found . “ They tell you they have an innate sense that they are wired this way . That this is a natural way of being for them. ” If that is the case , these groups should receive special anti-discriminatory protection under law as well , they say .
However , even poly people say it is not clear-cut . In small 2005 survey Meg-John Barker of the Open University in the UK , asked 30 polyamorous people how they identify to find that about half saw it as “ a fairly fixed identity ” , while the other half saw as a choice , as “ an ethical alternative to infidelity ” . Eve and Franklin also suggest it can be a bit of both .
Promiscuous apes
That some people choose polyamory in order not to cheat on their partner brings to light a striking contradiction about monogamy in the west : adultery is rife . Pallotta-Chiarolli points out the irony that mainstream media almost accept affairs as a social norm . “ But when it comes to ethical non-monogamous relationships… this is considered [ abnormal ] . ”
Aside from that , most people are not monogamous in the true sense of the word : staying with one partner for life . You only need to look at divorce rates to see that about one-third of us practice what is referred to as “ serial monogamy ” , where we change partners over time .
Monogamy is also extremely rare in the animal kingdom , as BBC Earth explored in detail . Even among apparently monogamous animals there are many “ extra-pair copulations ” , or cheating . Our closest relatives , chimpanzees , bonobos and even orangutans all live in highly promiscuous societies , which suggests our common ancestor with chimps did so too .
In this view , “ the idea that monogamy is ‘ natural ' or ‘ normal ' in human beings is hard to sustain ” , says Barker . “ As with so many things , there is a lot of diversity in this area . ”
This all points the fact that just as there 's not one set way for love between individuals to be expressed . What works for one person or society may not work for another .
Relationships are eclectic and diverse , and while legal recognition for polyamory may be a long way off , with greater awareness of our differences , love in all its many forms is surely set to change .
--
This story is part of our Sexual Revolutions series on our evolving understanding of sex and gender .
Melissa Hogenboom is BBC Earth 's feature writer . They are @ melissasuzanneh on Twitter . Olivia Howitt is BBC Future 's picture editor . They Tweet as @ OliviaHowitt .
Join 600,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter , Google+ , LinkedIn and Instagram . If you liked this story , sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter , called “ If You Only Read 6 Things This Week ” . A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future , Earth , Culture , Capital , Travel and Autos , delivered to your inbox every Friday .
Keeping college education affordable is a guiding principle at Dalton State , and one key way faculty members contribute is by collaborating to create open educational resources for their students allowing them to avoid buying costly textbooks for some classes .
So far , 10 teams of Dalton State faculty and staff members have sought Affordable Learning Georgia grants to develop course materials , the second most such projects in the University System of Georgia . They have received more than $ 122 thousand in ALG grant funding to develop materials ; cost savings to students over a three-year period could top $ 1 million .
“ Our faculty understand how important our affordability is to our students and their families , ” said Dr. Pat Chute , provost and vice president for academic affairs at Dalton State . “ I 'm proud of them for actively seeking ways to bring down the cost of higher education . ”
The purchase of commercial textbooks can add hundreds of dollars to a student 's college bill each semester , Chute said .
“ By adopting open source material already available or creating their own textbooks , lab manuals , or ancillary classroom materials and making them accessible throughout the state , Dalton State faculty are part of the solution of bringing costs down , ” they said .
Dr. Natalie Trice reported that their study abroad class in Spain last summer appreciated not only the fact that their electronic open source textbook was free ( the traditional textbook she 'd used previously retailed for $ 188 ) , but they were also happy not to have to lug a heavy book around Europe .
Dr. Jenny Crisp reported that the online textbook they helped author , The Roadrunner 's Guide to English , has been well received by students .
Dr. Tom Gozalez estimates that more than $ 60,000 has already been saved by math students who used Dalton State 's free online calculus book rather than the traditional text that cost between $ 250 ( used ) and $ 329 ( new ) .
“ All bachelor of science students for a STEM major require calculus I ; we had 246 students last fall. ” The savings , they said , demonstrated “ how much our faculty cares for our students and do what 's right for our students . ”
“ A central aspect of our mission is to provide access to high quality college education to this region and beyond , ” said Dr. Margaret Venable , president . “ For our students , being affordable is one of the most important ways we provide access to a college degree . Of course low cost is not the same thing as cheap . Dalton State offers both quality AND affordability , and that is what makes us increasingly the first choice college for students in northwest Georgia . ”
Among the faculty members awarded grants to develop open resource materials are Molly Zhou , Marina Smitherman , Chuck Fink , David DesRochers , Susan Burran , Natalie Johnson , Hassan El-Najjar , Jenny Crisp , Lydia Postell , Barbara Tucker , Alicia Briganti , Jonathan Gulledge , Ken Ellinger , Matt Hipps , Tom Gonzalez , Mike Hilgemann , Jason Schmurr , and the late Kris Barton . Dalton State staff members assisting with the development of instructional materials are Melissa Whitesell and David Brown .
I am a Russian resident currently living on Cyprus . I should provide to local authorities a bank guarantee showing a reasonable amount of money .
I know about finances literally nothing , so I was quite naïve and just went to local bank and created an account . After it had been created I 've been told that a non-resident on Cyprus can not just take some cash and put it to the account - all transactions must be cashless .
This was the first surprise . The second was that I can not just transfer money from Russia - I should inform Russian tax service about foreign account . The third surprise was that this actually can take weeks - I can not submit any form via internet , I should write a letter .
My question is : How can I transfer a small amount of money ( ~1000 Euro actually ) to a bank account in Cyprus .
My first thought was paypal . But it looks like there are two issues which make this solution doubtful . First , there 's no any card issued for my cyprus account - it will be issued after it will be money on the account . And I do n't know whether it is possible to attach a bank account to paypal , not a card . Second , as far as I understand , paypal temporarily takes 1 $ for account verification , and I just have no a single idea how can I put quickly even a dollar to this account .
So I would really appreciate if someone more experienced will give me advice .
Former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney offered a full-throated defense of conservative economic principles Wednesday , saying that they fault themselves for not adequately conveying those ideas during their failed presidential campaign four years ago .
Romney , the Republican nominee in 2012 , spoke in Washington D.C. at a U.S. Chamber of Commerce event , laying out the key challenges they see facing the U.S. government , and bemoaning what they characterized as inaction at the federal level . But the most revealing portion of Romney 's address was their discussion of conservative messaging around income inequality — a topic that has been a driving force in presidential politics during the campaign .
`` We ( conservatives ) know what it takes to actually raise wages — this is , as you know , people on the other side of the aisle have made that a centerpiece of their campaigns , which is the idea of income inequality and the lack of progress for middle income families , '' Romney said . `` And it 's something which , gosh , I kick myself as a Republican nominee for president not having done a better job communicating this . ''
Part of that communication breakdown may have come because of the differences between the primary races and the general election , they suggested .
`` When you speak , as you do in a primary , to people who are strong Republicans and conservatives , you begin to speak in shorthand because they 've heard the kind of remarks that I 'd make , they 've heard it time and again , and they sort of understand what you mean , '' the former governor said . `` So when I 'm talking about making America the most attractive place in the world for entrepreneurs , and when I want to make America a terrific place for small business and big business , when I want to see corporations thrive and grow in America , what my primary audience hears is something which they can connect with . ''
General election constituencies , however , are less primed for that economic theory .
`` But the audience at large , they think the reason I 'm talking about business is because all I care about is rich people and business leaders . Look , rich people and business people do well whether Republicans or Democrats are in charge . The real people who suffer when business is leaving or not successful are the people in the middle class . If you want to get wages up in America for middle income Americans , there 's only one way I know how to do that in real terms ... by having more businesses want to hire more people , '' Romney said .
The former GOP nominee — who has notably criticized Donald Trump , their party 's current standard-bearer — then issued an argument against those who had accused them of disinterest in the middle class .
`` The reason I 'm a conservative is not because of the 1 percent or the corporate bosses . The reason I 'm an American is for all the people in this country and recognizing that if business is thriving and growing , it will create more jobs , raise wages of our people , allow us to care for our seniors , get a better education for our kids , and allow us to have the kind of military that can defend American interests around the world . ''
Hrönn seen from the starboard bow with containers . Photo : Kongsberg Maritime
Norway tech firm Kongsberg Maritime has signed up with French offshore services company Bourbon and Automated Ships Ltd. ( ASL ) of Britain in a scheme to build the world 's first fully-automated supply ship .
The three European companies are to work on a pioneering project to build the robot ship , the French member of the scheme announced on Tuesday .
It will be `` the world 's first autonomous , fully-automated and cost-efficient prototype vessel for offshore operations , '' Bourbon said in a press release .
At present , small unmanned boats are used for nearshore operations , but there are no technical barriers to building larger , unmanned and automated vessels , the participants say .
The goal is to produce a self-drive vessel that can deliver light supplies to the offshore energy and fish-farming industry and provide backup in emergencies . It could also be used as support for scientific and hydrographic missions .
ASL and the Norwegian firm Kongsberg last year worked together to develop an initial design of a catamaran named Hrönn .
This has evolved into a 37-metre monohull , offering greater payload capacity and mission flexibility , Bourbon said .
The prototype would be built in Norway and assessed at a special testbed for automated vessels in Trondheim fjord under the scrutiny of Norway 's maritime authorities .
READ ALSO : Oslo to get emissions-free , automated buses in 2018
On its website , Kongsberg says Hrönn will initially function as a remotely-piloted ship .
It would eventually transition to a fully-automated vessel `` as the control algorithms are developed concurrently during remotely piloted operations . ''
Hrönn is expected to be built by the Norwegian shipyard Fjellstrand AS , which is experienced in building ferries and offshore support vessels that incorporate advanced technology , according to Kongsberg .
Bourbon said that its role in the scheme would be to provide its knowledge of the offshore services industry to help finetune Hrönn 's design and costs so that they match market needs . The company operates a fleet of 514 vessels and has a payroll of 9,300 .
It would then work with ASL to help muster the finance to build the prototype .
The cost of the prototype was not identified .
READ ALSO : Norwegian billionaire to build giant ship for environment research
( Note : the FDA recently recalled tomatoes because of a salmonella outbreak . )
Me : “ … and what veggies would you like on your sandwich ? ”
Customer : “ Lettuce , tomato and onion , that 's all . And some mayo . ”
Me : “ Sorry , ma'am , we 're not selling tomatoes right now , but I 'll put the rest of that on for you . ”
Customer : “ What ? Why ca n't I have tomatoes ? ”
Me : “ Because the FDA is worried that they may be contaminated with salmonella and until we 're sure that ours are safe , we 're not allowed to sell them . ”
Customer : “ Your tomatoes are contaminated ? ! How can you sell tomatoes that are contaminated ? That 's disgusting ! I ca n't believe you ! ”
Me : “ Ma'am we 're * NOT * selling them . ”
Customer : “ Well , why the h * * * not ? ! ”
Me : “ Because the FDA says they might not be safe and we do n't want our customers to get sick . ”
Customer : “ Well , that 's stupid . I want tomatoes . ”
Me : “ Alright , ma'am , but I suggest you leave off the mayonnaise , then . ”
Customer : “ Umm… okay , why ? ”
Me : “ It tends to taste bad when mixed with salmonella . ”
Today we are pleased to announce a new sponsorship to a modding project ! During last week we have followed Swedish modder Nizr a bi closely and thanks to their interesting project we decided to help them out by providing some support.The project is still in development but on our forum there is a decent work log that is periodically updated by Bjorn . There are already a few interesting details inside the thread , including some pictures showing that the project is based on a Cooltek W2 case , an ATX solution made with quality materials such as aluminum and with a rather unique shape . In addition , there is also a partial list of components where including an MSI Z97 MPower motherboard paired with 16GB Teamgroup Vulcan 2133MHz memory and two 480GB SSDs from Teamgroup . At the moment the list does not include any details regarding the CPU or the graphics card.The W2AX aims to be exclusively an air project , mostly in order to stand out from the more traditional and complex water cooling rigs based on custom loop systems . The main theme of this mod is the exclusivity and the industrial look that a PC can achieve . For these reasons , Nizr is going to remove all plastic inside the W2 and improve the internal management of the components . Of course the system also have to be silent and not only cool , so the choice of components fell on the famous Austrian company Noctua . Thanks to a close collaboration , Noctua has provided Nizr with everything they need to finalize their goal.In the next couple of weeks there will definitely be some interesting updates , and we do not want to spoil the surprise so just stay tuned for more details !
Overview
Chemo brain is a common term used by cancer survivors to describe thinking and memory problems that can occur after cancer treatment . Chemo brain can also be called chemo fog , chemotherapy-related cognitive impairment or cognitive dysfunction .
Though chemo brain is a widely used term , it 's misleading . It 's unlikely that chemotherapy is the sole cause of concentration and memory problems in cancer survivors . Researchers are working to understand the memory changes that people with cancer experience .
Despite the many questions , it 's clear that the memory problems commonly called chemo brain can be a frustrating and debilitating side effect of cancer and its treatment . More study is needed to understand this condition .
Symptoms
Signs and symptoms of chemo brain may include the following :
Being unusually disorganized
Confusion
Difficulty concentrating
Difficulty finding the right word
Difficulty learning new skills
Difficulty multitasking
Fatigue
Feeling of mental fogginess
Short attention span
Short-term memory problems
Taking longer than usual to complete routine tasks
Trouble with verbal memory , such as remembering a conversation
Trouble with visual memory , such as recalling an image or list of words
When to see a doctor
If you experience troubling memory or thinking problems , make an appointment with your doctor . Keep a journal of your signs and symptoms so that your doctor can better understand how your memory problems are affecting your everyday life .
Causes
It 's not clear what causes signs and symptoms of memory problems in cancer survivors .
Cancer-related causes could include :
Cancer
A cancer diagnosis can be quite stressful in itself and this can cause memory problems
Certain cancers can produce chemicals that affect memory
Cancer treatments
Chemotherapy
Hormone therapy
Immunotherapy
Radiation therapy
Stem cell transplant
Surgery
Complications of cancer treatment
Anemia
Fatigue
Infection
Menopause or other hormonal changes ( caused by cancer treatment )
Nutritional deficiencies
Sleep problems , such as insomnia
Pain due to cancer treatments
Emotional reactions to cancer diagnosis and treatment
Anxiety
Depression
Stress
Other causes
Inherited susceptibility to chemo brain
Medications for other cancer-related signs and symptoms , such as pain medications
Recurrent cancer that has spread to the brain
Risk factors
Factors that may increase the risk of memory problems in cancer survivors include :
Brain cancer
Chemotherapy given directly to the central nervous system
Chemotherapy combined with whole-brain radiation
Higher doses of chemotherapy or radiation
Radiation therapy to the brain
Younger age at time of cancer diagnosis and treatment
Increasing age
Complications
The severity and duration of the symptoms sometimes described as chemo brain differ from person to person . Some cancer survivors may return to work , but find tasks take extra concentration or time . Others will be unable to return to work .
If you experience severe memory or concentration problems that make it difficult to do your job , tell your doctor . You may be referred to an occupational therapist , who can help you adjust to your current job or identify your strengths so that you may find a new job .
In rare cases , people with memory and concentration problems are unable to work and must apply for disability benefits . Ask your health care team for a referral to an oncology social worker or a similar professional who can help you understand your options .
Decentralized open source smart contract and value transfer protocol
Decentralized Governance Protocol ( DGP ) Qtum 's Decentralized Governance Protocol ( DGP ) allows specific blockchain settings to be modified by making use of smart contracts
Abstract Account Layer ( AAL ) Qtum 's Account Abstraction Layer decouples applications from the underlying protocol , maintaining the performance of the blockchain and lending the ability to add more smart contract capability in the future
x86 Virtual Machine Qtum 's x86 Virtual Machine will support C , C++ , Rust , Python and other widely used programming languages , facilitating mainstream adoption of smart contract development
Global Network Qtum boasts the biggest PoS peer to peer network , with full-nodes only exceeded by the Ethereum and Bitcoin networks
Wallet Ecology There are a full spectrum of crypto wallets supporting Qtum , that meet the needs of different users
PA ambassador killed in explosion Wednesday had illegal weapons cache in their home , enough to arm 10 fighters .
An illegal arms cache was found Thursday in the home of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) ambassador to Prague , Jamal al-Jamal , who was killed there in an explosion the day before .
Initially the PA claimed their death was a `` work accident , '' that occurred when they opened an old safe that had been untouched for 20 years . Apparently the safe was moved from an older embassy building to Al-Jamal 's new apartment in the recently built PA embassy complex .
However , the PA later backtracked on its story , as a spokesperson stated that the safe `` was used on a daily basis at the embassy and it was opened and closed almost every day . ''
Czech police confirmed that arms , including heavy firearms , had been found at Al-Jamal 's home ; Czech newspaper Respekt added that the cache contained enough weapons to arm ten fighters .
The arsenal 's existence was unknown to Czech authorities according to Channel 2 , casting more doubt on the activities on PA diplomats around the world .
PA Foreign Minister Ri'ad al-Maliki on Thursday claimed that Al-Jamal had opened the safe and asked their wife to bring them a pen and paper to write down what they saw in the safe . Al-Jamal then put their hand into the safe , setting off the explosive device .
Al-Maliki said the Czech police will release a full report on the incident on Friday .
If you 've been watching the news for the past 6 months without anyone around to reassure you to the contrary , no one could blame you for thinking that America is having an identity crisis . If you take two people from opposite ends of the political spectrum and ask them what it means to be American , you 'd probably get a wild range of replies . As I sat down to write this post , I was hard-pressed to think of a topic that has n't been polarized to death . Every news outlet is seen as having strong bias one way or the other . Individual journalists are held up as heroes or villains depending on individual political leanings . Films , books , and serials are picked apart for any portrayals or suggestions ( overt or implied ) that have the slightest morsels of political charge .
If your head hurts contemplating all of this , you are n't alone . To me , it 's all American : the people who have opinions that turn my stomach are allowed to hold those opinions , and they 're allowed to be vocal about them . I ca n't stand Ann Coulter , but they should 've been allowed to speak at UC Berkeley without the threat of violence . By the same logic , Colin Kaepernick should be able to take a knee during the national anthem at a football game . Neither side has a monopoly on patriotism- you 're entitled to your opinions , and I 'm entitled to mine . We 're both entitled to express our beliefs at the top of our lungs , even if we 're offending each other in the process . That 's the whole point , folks . In many ways , it 's all we 've got .
Heated arguments over things we all have no control over are the perfect distractions . If we 're busy fighting on Twitter about Colin Kaepernick or Milo Yiannopoulos , we 're losing sight of the fact that most of us have the same aches and pains . Unless you 're very lucky , you probably do something that is n't a labor of love for at least 8 hours every weekday . You probably spend way too much time sitting in traffic , or waiting on public transportation . You 've probably got bills to pay , and they 're probably at least in striking distance of overrunning you . If you 're part of my generation , you 're probably buried under a mountain of student loans . Buying a house and getting married , former staples of the American dream , might seem like foreign concepts if you 're struggling to get by .
If you ever have time to sit and think about things like this , it can turn pretty dark , pretty quickly . I often wonder whether I 'll ever “ climb the ladder ” and live the way I want ( my dream is to not have a boss ) . I wonder whether the mistakes I 've made have already buried me , or if I 'm still young enough to make something out of this . I wonder if I 'll ever be able to contribute something to change the problems I think I see in the world . I wonder what it means to be American in 2017 . I wonder if I 'll go on wondering so long that life will pass me by .
I do n't have any of those answers . I do n't think anyone does . Sometimes it feels good just to try and wrap my brain around it . It feels good to be honest with myself and acknowledge that we 're all pushing our own boulder up a hill . That 's why Young Americans hits home for me .
Staying true to the rules of this series , I have n't looked up how much time Bowie spent in the US before writing this album . I do n't know much about its origins other than that , genre-wise , Young Americans is supposed to be “ Philadelphia Soul ” ( iTunes has no spoiler warnings ) . All I can say with confidence is that , despite the album 's age , it speaks to the struggle of growing up in the states when you come from nothing .
The titular track tells the story of a young couple who get married and quickly face an existential crisis :
“ They pulled in just behind the bridge
They lay them down , they frowns
Gee my life 's a funny thing , am I Still too young ?
They kissed them then and there
They took their ring , took their babies
It took them minutes , took them nowhere
Heaven knows , she 'd have taken anything… ”
The song speaks to two concepts- one , overt in the narrative of Young Americans , is people following a script that they believe will lead them to a comfortable , happy life . Marriage is n't a bad example of that- ever seen someone make a major life decision as though they were reading from a manual ? The idea that there 's any kind of script or instruction manual in life is self-defeating . There are no guarantees , but we 've all seen people act on conventions , expecting life to work itself out as long as they follow instructions . When that does n't happen , people panic :
“ All the way from Washington
Them bread-winner begs off the bathroom floor
We live for just these twenty years
Do we have to die for the fifty more ? ”
Another huge theme in this track is that , all around us at any given moment , there are a thousand small dramas playing out as people struggle with day-to-day life and maintaining relationships . It reminds me of one of my favorite Springsteen songs ( Jungleland ) . If our own lives are self-contained narratives with their own highs and lows , then the same can be said for everyone else . That 's a hard realization to act on , since we feel our own frustrations and our own needs first and foremost .
The icing on the cake with the opening track is that Bowie poses a handful of uncomfortable questions that do n't have good answers :
`` Where have all Papa 's heroes gone ? ''
“ Do you remember , your President Nixon ?
Do you remember , the bills you have to pay ?
Or even yesterday ? ”
“ Ai n't that close to love ?
Well , ai n't that poster love ? ”
“ Ai n't there a man who can say no more ?
And , ai n't there a woman I can Sock on the jaw ?
And , ai n't there a child I can hold without judging ?
Ai n't there a pen that will write before they die ?
Ai n't you proud that you 've still got faces ?
Ai n't there one damn song that can make me Break down and cry ? ”
Each of these questions is important in its own right . Bowie is speaking to how , when times are hard , the whole concept of the American dream can feel hollow . When your own struggle seems futile , the whole idea of working hard and finding a better lot in life does n't resonate the same way it used to . The line about Nixon , for me , is a commentary on our forgetfulness when it comes to public officials . We assume that “ our guy ” is clean , and we often fail to hold our own “ side ” accountable for the same behavior we protest when someone from the other `` side '' takes identical action .
This song is about all the little contradictions that come and go while we grapple with the idea of being American while we 're still young enough to imagine how things might be better . The chorus brings everything full circle with a reminder that , at some point , we leave all of these questions aside and chase after our best guess of what we want .
Oh , before I forget- that saxophone aint ' half-bad , either .
Standout Track : “ Win ”
“ Win ” is another hugely relevant piece for our time . We 're bashed over the head with the idea of “ winning , ” so much so that people love to invent competition and conflict where neither needs to exist . Politics is treated like a sport by the media , so it 's no surprise that many people are willing to overlook everything as long as their “ team ” wins . We idolize winning to the extent that we 're incapable of being honest when things are n't working out .
The idolization of winning is n't uniquely American , but boy do we try to take ownership of it . I 'll be the first to admit that I get sucked in- I 'm nursing a functional video game addiction that exists solely because video games are a quick , mindless way to activate the reward center in my brain . I get that quick hit of winning a competition , even though in the grand scheme of things it does nothing for me . I 'd be better served by piling up rejection slips from publishers and getting turned down for writing gigs , because I could learn and grow from those experiences .
It 's hard to contemplate questions without answers , ala “ Young Americans , ” so I think many people retreat to a single-minded approach to life . If all you have to think about is winning , life becomes much simpler . It gets to a point where people will keep pushing , even if their pursuit becomes a joyless experience :
“ Now your smile is spreading thin ( seek and believe in you )
Seems you 're trying not to lose ( it ai n't over , no no )
Since I 'm not supposed to grin ( that 's all you got to do )
All you 've got to do is win ( it ai n't over , no , oh ) ”
One last note about “ Win ” : I love the juxtaposition of Bowie 's commentary on what they see ( ” your smile is spreading thin ” ) versus what the self-help aisle tells them to think ( ” All you 've got to do is win ! ” ) .
Standout Track : Who Can I Be Now ?
I feel that , thematically , this would 've been the “ right ” way to close the album . It feels like the end of the road , at least for the time being . When we 've tried everything else and nothing works out , we 're supposed to pivot . This plays out in real life in a number of ways- maybe someone loses a job after 20 years and has to drastically alter their career path . As an example of that , you often hear about “ re-training ” people from dying industries . How easy is that kind of self-reinvention , though ? I 've never had to go through it , so I wo n't pretend to understand , but I think that 's what Bowie is trying to speak to in this track .
“ Who Can I Be Now ? ” feels like a question that is n't for young Americans . It seems like a song we 'd hear when we 're firmly aware that we are no longer young , but we still do n't have the answers we thought we 'd have by now . Instead of answering the question “ Who can I be now ? ” Bowie points out that we can feel comfort in the fact that everyone is experiencing the same frustration . All of our agreements and disagreements aside , we only have each other to lean on when Plan A fails and we 're left asking “ what now ? ”
Standout Track : It 's Gon na Be Me
Personal feelings about bringing the album full circle aside , I 'm not complaining about the closing track . It 's a powerful take on surrendering to someone in a sea of confusion and angst . We 've all seen that movie- someone who sleeps around and swears off the concept of falling in love suddenly runs into the right person and everything changes . The difference with this track is that , for me , it 's a more honest expression of what that feels like . If you 're dealing with all the day-to-day struggles we 've already discussed , the “ grind ” of being a working , commuting young American can wear you down to the point where falling in love with someone sounds like a pyramid scheme . I do n't think that transition comes easily . It would n't be so easy to settle down and make yourself vulnerable after years of trial and error . Still , by the time the last verse rolls around , there 's a light at the end of the tunnel .
“ I want to race down their street
And knock hard
Hard , hard on the door until
Until they break down into my arms like a
Treasured toy and I feel their pain
I 'll be so strong , again and again ”
It 's a bittersweet message- the struggle might be worth it if things work out , but if anyone is gon na get hurt this time , it 's gon na be me .
Closing Thoughts
This post was meant to cover two albums ( Station to Station is up next ) , but once I started diving into the messages in the opening track and their relevance today , I quickly realized that I 'd end up rambling enough to dedicate the whole post to Young Americans . I first listened to this album last Summer , but held off on writing about it as I moved across the country , among other distractions . Since then , I 've had these tracks in mind constantly as events unfolded during election season and , since then , as we 've tried to collectively understand how to move forward .
I went on so long about the standout tracks that it might seem as though I did n't like the others , but I loved the whole album . `` Fame '' is a nice break musically ( it 's more funk than soul ) , and I think it has something intelligent to say about celebrity worship . The cycle of building people up in our heads , then turning on them when that bloated image turns out to be false ( we 're all human , but man do we forget it ) , existed long before the internet kicked the cycle into overdrive .
“ Across the Universe ” is a solid entry into the collection of Bowie 's ballads . “ Somebody Up There Likes Me ” is an interesting take on how we attribute successes and failures to things other than ourselves . It 's also a clever message about the contradictions of “ self-made ” people who had a ton of external support propping them up along the way .
I tried to stray away from musical and structural commentary this time , because there is n't nearly as much diversity from track-to-track as I 've noticed in Bowie 's other albums up to this point . The saxophone features heavily , along with the keyboard and bass guitar . With the exception of “ Across the Universe , ” the featured instruments do n't really change . The album as a whole is a clear break from anything Bowie has done up to now , but the usual intra-album variety is absent .
I 've been listening to a ton of Kendrick Lamar lately , and one of the lines from a conversation at the end of To Pimp a Butterfly stood out while I was trying to wrap my head around Young Americans . In the midst of a discussion on race and class divisions in present-day America , Kendrick notes that “ the only hope that we kinda have left is music and vibrations…a lot of people do n't understand how important it is. ” I think that 's been true for a long time now . It 's so easy to get caught up in the rat race that we do n't see beyond protecting ourselves and our own interests , but we have to be bigger than that to progress as a society .
Young Americans is a vision of growing up in the states that emphasizes a shared struggle . It 's music that reminds us how much we have in common , and how important it is not to lose sight of each other . It is n't worth having your “ team ” win if that “ success ” comes at someone else 's expense . I 've often rambled about David Bowie having foresight in their music and lyrics , and this album is another timely example .
A recent explosion of neuroscience techniques is driving substantial advances in our understanding of the brain . Combined with developments in engineering , machine learning and computing this flowering has helped us enhance our cognitive abilities and potential . In fact , new research into the extraordinary machine in our skulls is helping us keep pace with the rapid rise of artificial intelligence .
Exciting new advances are everywhere , but worth putting front and centre are findings made in the relatively new area of social neuroscience . Research by Molly Crockett at Oxford University has demonstrated how we might influence the social brain and examine the effects of neurotransmitters , such as serotonin , and hormones , such as oxytocin , on social cognition and social interactions . This includes the most fundamental aspects of our daily lives : trust , punishment , moral judgement , conformity and empathy .
Crockett and colleagues used experiments looking at cooperation , and moral dilemmas such as the “ trolley problem ” where participants must decide who to save from an onrushing railway cart ( a similar puzzle was posed in the 2015 Helen Mirren film Eye in the Sky ) . Among their findings was evidence that serotonin increased an aversion to harming others . This clearly suggests that this brain chemical can promote positive social behaviour .
Recently developed computerised tests , such as EMOTICOM , which assesses a range of cognitive functions , will also make it easier to combine state-of-the-art neuroscience techniques with objective measurement of social and emotional concepts .
Shared knowledge
One amazing feat of combined neuroscience , engineering and computing was achieved by Edda Bilek , Andreas Myer-Lindenberg and colleagues from the Mannheim Central Institute of Mental Health in Germany . They invented a way to study information flow between human pairs during real-time social interaction , using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , which measures changes in blood flow in the brain . They were particularly interested in studying joint attention because it arises in early development and is important for social learning .
Their study allowed immersive , audio-visual interaction of two people in linked fMRI scanners , and identified the flow of information between the sender 's and receiver 's temporoparietal junction , a key brain region for social interaction . Not only did the study show that specific social brain systems are drivers of interaction in humans , it demonstrated the strength of integrated research across biological and physical sciences .
In future , this will allow us to study in real time the neural networks involved in other forms of joint social interaction , such as defeat , trust and mutual attraction .
Rapid development of these fMRI techniques , and of neuroimaging , will continue to transform the field of neuroscience . Experiments have tackled topics such as unconscious racial bias , “ mind reading ” and lying . It is work which helps to pull back the curtain on our understanding of the human mind – and might make us wonder if this glimpse into our thoughts crosses an ethical line in terms of privacy and profiling .
To see the power of fMRI techniques , look to the futuristic experiments by Jack Gallant and colleagues at the University of California . They have developed a method for reconstructing movie segments that a person is watching purely based on fMRI recordings , which track brain activation patterns . More recently , the Gallant laboratory mapped the semantic atlas of the brain . These semantic networks are a sum of our verbal knowledge and how we understand the relationship between words and concepts .
The drugs might work
Outside of the lab and academia , there is an increasing use of so-called lifestyle drugs to enhance cognition , creativity and motivation in the workplace . Drugs such as modafinil , which has effects on noradrenaline , dopamine and GABA/glutamate in the brain , can boost cognitive functions , especially in flexibility of thinking and complex planning .
Such drugs are used to seek a competitive edge at university or work . The Care Quality Commission reported that over a six-year period from 2007 to 2013 , there had been a 56 % rise in prescriptions for methylphenidate in the UK . London City workers and traders use them to stay awake and alert for long periods of time . German workers use them in jobs where small mistakes might have large consequences . American academics travelling to international meetings use them to counteract jet lag .
Modafinil has been known to reduce accidents in shift workers , thereby increasing safety . In a similar fashion , aniracetam is used by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to boost cognition . One of the original drugs in the same class is piracetam , which increases brain metabolism , while aniracetam has been shown to modulate the receptors in the brain that are thought to enhance cognition .
In parallel , there is a boom in demand for nootropics . These “ microdosed ” psychdedelics are increasingly a phenomenon in which small amounts of psilocybin mushrooms , LSD or mescaline are taken to enhance perception and creativity . Cognitive processes , including attention , learning and memory , have also been targeted through evidence-based games such as the brain training programme and the Wizard memory game developed by University of Cambridge and Peak . These academia-industry collaborations help to translate neuroscience discoveries into the real world .
AI , AI , Go
At present , the magnificent human brain is superior to artificial intelligence ( AI ) . Computers have to dedicate themselves to playing chess or Go in order to beat us humans . In contrast , we can play chess or Go or perform many other activities and behaviours , often multi-tasking , and we can create new ideas and inventions . We are also social beings and our social and emotional cognition allows us to have “ theory of mind ” . In other words we can understand and empathise with the thoughts and emotions of others .
However , with the rapid advances in machine learning and computing technology – including face and voice recognition – the potential for artificial intelligence may be limitless . By contrast , there will likely remain limits to the extent to which we can enhance human intelligence .
Nonetheless , the amazing achievements made by basic and clinical neuroscientists will not only help us understand the healthy brain but also improve brain health for everyone , including those with neuropsychiatric disorders , such as Alzheimer 's disease , and brain injury .
This piece is co-published with the World Economic Forum as part of its Final Frontier series . You can read more here .
Barbara Sahakian , Professor of Clinical Neuropsychology , University of Cambridge
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article .
Best-Of Solar Impulse 2 - First Flight - Maiden Flight
Pilot Markus Scherdel in the cockpit of SolarImpulse 2
SolarImpulse2 flight over Payerne ( Switzerland )
SolarImpulse 2 / Boeing 747-81 comparison
SolarImpulse - Around the World patch.June 2 , 2014The second prototype of Solar Impulse made ​​its first flight on Monday morning over Payerne , in the hands of the pilot Markus Scherdel .2 Solar Impulse landed Monday morning without problem Payerne ( VD ) at 7:52 . The new solar aircraft flew into the hands of Markus Scherdel first test flight pilot 2:15 , with the ambition to realize a world tour in 2015 . '' The aircraft was in good weather despite the presence of some clouds and rain residue , '' said Alexandra Gindroz spokesperson Solar Impulse . Despite the early hour , dozens of onlookers had attended the 5:37 takeoff .The car has a wingspan of 72 meters against 64 for the first prototype . It weighs 2300 kg , against 1,600 for the previous solar plane . Aerodynamic performance and energy efficiency are much higher , according to the team .To be successful around the world , Solar Impulse 2 will be able to fly without fuel with a single pilot at a time up to 5 days and 5 nights in a row to cross oceans .For more information about Solar Impulse 2 , visit : http : //live.solarimpulse.com/ Images , Video , Text , Credits : Solar Impulse / Orbiter.ch Aerospace.Cheers , Orbiter.ch
With a masterful title win over a seemingly unstoppable champ , Holly Holm cleaned up at the 8th Annual World MMA Awards .
Friday 's black-tie ceremony , which took place at The Venetian in Las Vegas , recognized achievements from the 2015 calendar year . Fighters Only , which organizes the annual industry awards , presented finalists in five categories , and after a month of fan voting , winners were revealed at the ceremony .
Holm ( 10-0 MMA , 3-0 UFC ) emerged victorious in multiple categories . The UFC women 's bantamweight champion , who dominated longtime titleholder Ronda Rousey ( 12-1 MMA , 6-1 UFC ) in this past November 's UFC 193 headliner , picked up awards for Female Fighter of the Year , Breakthrough Fighter of the Year , Knockout of the Year and Upset of the Year . Them camp , Jackson-Wink MMA , also picked up Gym of the Year honors .
They are n't the only multiple-category winner , though . UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor ( 19-2 MMA , 7-0 UFC ) , who dethroned longtime champ Jose Aldo ( 25-2 MMA , 7-1 UFC ) this past December at UFC 194 , won the Charles “ Mask ” Lewis Fighter of the Year award , as well as International Fighter of the Year .
Here 's McGregor 's acceptance speech , in which they take a shot at heavyweight champ Fabricio Werdum ( via Bleacher Report 's Jeremy Botter ) :
A tape-delayed broadcast of the ceremony airs Feb. 12 on FOX Sports 2 .
The full list of finalists and winners ( in bold and italics ) included :
Charles “ Mask ” Lewis “ Fighter of the Year ”
Rafael dos Anjos
Max Holloway
Demetrious Johnson
Conor McGregor
Luke Rockhold
Female Fighter of the Year
Tonya Evinger
Joanna Jedrzejczyk
Holly Holm
Ronda Rousey
Angela Lee
Breakthrough Fighter of the Year
Thomas Almeida
Henry Cejudo
Tony Ferguson
Joanna Jedrzejczyk
Holly Holm
International Fighter of the Year
Joseph Duffy
Joanna Jedrzejczyk
Liam McGeary
Conor McGregor
Marat Gafurov
Fight of the Year
Justin Gaethje vs. Luis Palomino ( WSOF 19 )
Andrei Arlovski vs. Travis Browne ( UFC 187 )
Robbie Lawler vs. Rory MacDonald 2 ( UFC 189 )
Daniel Cormier vs. Alexander Gustafsson ( UFC 192 )
Vitaly Bigdash ( vs. Igor Svirid , ONE Championship 32 )
Knockout of the Year
Hisaki Kato ( vs. Joe Schilling , Bellator 139 )
Thomas Almeida ( vs. Brad Pickett , UFC 189 )
Holly Holm ( vs. Ronda Rousey , UFC 193 )
Jorge Filho ( vs. Claudio Cezario , Jungle Fight 83 )
Conor McGregor ( vs. Jose Aldo , UFC 194 )
Submission of the Year
Ronda Rousey ( vs. Cat Zingano , UFC 184 )
Marcos Galvao ( vs. Joe Warren , Bellator 135 )
Fabricio Werdum ( vs. Cain Velasquez , UFC 188 )
Liam McGeary ( vs. Tito Ortiz , “ Bellator 142 : Dynamite ” )
Tony Ferguson ( vs. Edson Barboza , TUF 22 Finale )
Comeback of the Year
Thiago Alves ( vs. Jordan Mein , UFC 183 )
Alex Chambers ( vs. Kailin Curran , UFC Fight Night 65 )
Eddie Alvarez ( vs. Gilbert Melendez , UFC 188 )
Patricio Freire ( vs. Daniel Weichel , Bellator 138 )
Vitaly Bigdash ( vs. Igor Svirid , ONE Championship 32 )
Upset of the Year
Rafael dos Anjos ( vs. Anthony Pettis , UFC 185 )
Maryna Moroz ( vs. Joanna Calderwood , UFC Fight Night 64 )
Fabricio Werdum ( vs. Cain Velasquez , UFC 188 )
Uriah Hall ( vs. Gegard Mousasi , UFC Fight Night 75 )
Holly Holm ( vs. Ronda Rousey , UFC 193 )
Shawn Tompkins Coach of the Year
Rafael Cordeiro
John Kavanagh
Javier Mendes
Mike Winkeljohn
Firas Zahabi
Trainer of the Year
Jake Bonacci ( S & C )
Mike Dolce ( nutrition )
Brian Harris ( S & C )
George Lockhart ( nutrition )
Ido Portal ( S & C )
Gym of the Year
American Kickboxing Academy
Blackzilians
Jackson-Wink MMA
Kings MMA
SBG Ireland
Referee of the Year
Herb Dean
Marc Goddard
John McCarthy
Dan Miragliotta
Mario Yamasaki
Ringcard Girl of the Year
Jhenny Andrade
Carly Baker
Arianny Celeste
Brittney Palmer
Mercedes Terrell
Leading Man
Scott Coker
Victor Cui
Lorenzo Fertitta
Ray Sefo
Dana White
Best Promotion
Bellator
Legacy FC
ONE Championship
UFC
WSOF
Personality of the Year
Jon Anik
Joe Rogan
Bas Rutten
Brendan Schaub
Bruce Buffer
Analyst of the Year
Michael Bisping
Daniel Cormier
Dominick Cruz
Chael Sonnen
Brian Stann
Best MMA Programming
Bellator MMA : Uncut
The Fighter & The Kid
The MMA Hour
The Ultimate Fighter
UFC Embedded
MMA Media Source of the Year
UFC Tonight
MMA Fighting
MMA Junkie
Inside MMA
Sherdog
MMA Journalist of the Year
Brent Brookhouse
Ben Fowlkes
Ariel Helwani
Chuck Mindenhall
Brett Okamoto
Best MMA Clothing & Equipment Brand
BAD BOY
Everlast
Hayabusa
Torque
Venum
Lifetime Achievement Award
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May will not rule out delivering yet more brutal welfare cuts if the economy suffers a Brexit nosedive .
The new Prime Minister refused to offer any guarantees that they will not again take the axe to struggling families ' benefits if more Whitehall savings are needed in the coming months - despite the relentless Tory attacks on welfare since 2010 .
And it comes after the previous Chancellor George Osborne announced in March that they had ‘ no further plans to make welfare savings ' before the 2020 general election .
Asked by the Mirror if they will stick to that promise , Mrs May replied : “ We are continuing the plans we have as a Government .
“ Obviously we have to look and see what happens in the economy and how the economy does start to move - if there is any further movement post the Brexit result .
“ We 've got the plans that are there at the moment . Obviously anyone will be looking very carefully at how the economic situation pans out . ”
Mr Osborne 's replacement as Chancellor Philip Hammond has already warned they may have to ‘ reset ' the Government 's tax-and-spend policy if the economy starts to tank this autumn .
( Image : Phil Harris/Daily Mirror )
Mrs May 's comments – at the G20 summit in China – will fuel fears that welfare would be targeted yet again .
Them spokesperson denied that was the case , saying : “ There is an existing commitment not to cut welfare and that commitment still stands . ”
But Mrs May arrived at the G20 warning of ‘ difficult ' economic times ahead for Britain following the Brexit vote .
They said : “ I think the reaction of the economy has been better than some had predicted post the referendum – but I wo n't pretend it 's all going to be plain sailing . ”
“ There will be some difficult times ahead . ”
Mrs May is poised to trigger the two-year countdown to Brexit by February next year , and Whitehall sources fear business confidence could falter as the date approaches .
Mrs May said a final decision on whether to deliver a major shake-up of tax-and-spend policy will be made in time for the Autumn Statement in late November or early December .
They said : “ We 'll be looking at this issue . We have to take all the data into account .
“ Obviously by the time of the Autumn Statement we 'll have more data available and we 'll have a better picture of what 's happening in the economy . ”
But making clear there will be no end to Tory austerity , they added : “ What I 'm clear about is we 're going to continue as we have done in Government over the last six years - ensuring that we 're a country that can live within our means . ”
( Image : Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror )
Mrs May also revealed they will bring forward concrete plans this autumn for a crackdown on fatcat bosses .
During their brief campaign to become Tory leader they set out a series of proposals including forcing firms to publish the difference between their chief executive 's salary and that of the average worker .
They said : “ We want to look at the whole issue of corporate behaviour and we will be bringing out some proposals later in the year in relation to this .
“ There is an issue for corporate governance in paying taxes . There is if you like a quid pro quo – employees ' children are at schools , they use the health service , goods are transported by roads and trains and so forth .
“ So it 's not that companies have no responsibility . ”
Speaking to fellow leaders at the G20 summit Mrs May warned too many people feel left behind in the modern world and called for a greater focus on fairness .
They said : “ The G20 is about global growth . We ca n't ignore the fact there is a lot of sentiment out there that is anti-globalisation .
“ And that 's something else we need to consider – looking at how we can make sure when we 're putting these trade agreements in place , they 're actually going to benefit everybody . ”
World premiere at Auto China 2016
Arrow Right
Arrow Left
Driving dynamics options such as the Sport Chrono Package and Porsche Torque Vectoring ( PTV ) allow the sporty character of the 718 Cayman to be further customised . Another available option is PASM with a ten-millimetre lowering of the ride height and additionally in the S model PASM sport suspension with a 20-millimetre lowering of the ride height for the first time . As in the other Porsche sports cars , the Sport Chrono Package can be adjusted via the programme switch on the steering wheel . Supplementing the previous settings of “ Normal ” , “ Sport ” and “ Sport Plus ” is the “ Individual ” programme , which is able to call up previously programmed individual settings for various systems .
On account of the car 's greater driving performance capabilities , stronger brake systems are now in use with 330-millimetre brake discs in front and 299-millimetre discs at the rear . The 718 Cayman now has the brake system that was previously used in the Cayman S. The 718 Cayman S , on the other hand , uses the four-piston callipers of the 911 Carrera combined with six-millimetre thicker brake discs .
Distinctive design for a more muscular appearance
The new 718 Caymans has been further developed as comprehensively in its design as in its technology . The taut proportions , prominent air intakes at the front and sides and low side profile underscore the boost in dynamics . The nose has a much sharper profile , which gives the front end a wider and more masculine appearance . The ultra-slim front lights above the air intakes , which contain the parking lights and indicators , further reinforce this impression .
Rounding off the front end of the 718 Cayman , are the significantly larger cooling air intakes and bi-xenon headlights in their new design with integrated LED daytime running lights . LED headlights with four-point daytime running lights are available as a new option . Viewed from the side , the new sport coupé reveals its striking wings and side sills . The redesigned rear has a much wider look due to the accent strip in high-gloss black with integrated Porsche badge between the tail lights . The tail lights have been completely redesigned and are distinguished by the three-dimensional technology and four brake spots that appear to float freely .
Redesigned interior and PCM as standard
Inside , revisions are visible for both the 718 Cayman and the 718 Boxster . The upper part of the dash panel including air vents is new . The new sport steering wheel in the 918 Spyder design as well as the extensive connectivity options have now been added to the 718 cockpit along with the Porsche Communication Management ( PCM ) as a standard feature . Mobile phone preparation , audio interfaces and the 150-watt Sound Package Plus are all part of this standard . Options are available to extend the PCM .
The Connect module , for example , includes special extensions for smartphones , such as the USB port , Apple CarPlay and Porsche Car Connect . Another available option is the navigation module with voice control , which makes it easy to input driving destinations . If the Connect Plus module is selected , this can be extended with real-time traffic information . Drivers can also make use of additional comprehensive services via their smartphone , which include the Porsche Connect App and Porsche Car Connect App .
For information about the market launch and pricing please have a look at porsche.com .
Consumption data
718 Caymans : Combined fuel consumption 7.4 – 6.9 l/100 km ; CO 2 emissions 168 - 158 g/km
718 Cayman S : Combined fuel consumption 8.1 – 7.3 l/100 km ; CO 2 emissions 184 - 167 g/km
718 Boxster : Combined fuel consumption : 7.4 – 6.9 l/100 km ; CO 2 emissions : 168 - 158 g/km
718 Boxster S : Combined fuel consumption 8.1 – 7.3 l/100 km ; CO 2 emissions : 184 - 167 g/km
911 Turbo : Combined fuel consumption 9.1 l/100 km , CO 2 emissions 212 g/km
Last May federal Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said there was no such thing as a bad job . The Law Commission of Ontario may disagree .
This week it put out a report about the rise in vulnerable workers and precarious jobs . Now that he 's heard from executives who think Canadians are paid too much , Mr. Flaherty should consider the other side of the story , and the suggested fix .
Most of us rely on our jobs as our main form of economic security , but gradually the market has been shifting away from jobs offering reliable incomes and benefits .
Story continues below advertisement
More than 1 in 5 jobs in Ontario ( 22 per cent ) are defined as `` precarious '' today . Precarious jobs combine low rates of pay with part-time or highly variable hours of work , and no benefits or pensions . If you 're a woman , a visible minority , or a recent immigrant , there 's considerably more than a one-in-five chance that a precarious job is waiting for you .
Since the recession , four out of five jobs added to the job market in Canada have been temporary or contract work ( see attached graph ) . Add to that a new federal policy thrust that has dramatically increased temporary foreign work permits for migrant workers , particularly in low skilled job categories . Sadly , some employers have been exploiting the fact that many workers find themselves in no position to complain .
The Law Commission was approached to look into the `` bad jobs '' file by several organizations urging labour law reforms , including anti-poverty groups ( like the Colour of Poverty ) and the Ontario Bar Association . That 's because working is no longer a guaranteed ticket out of poverty ; and in-your-face violations of employment standards and workplace safety legislation are on the rise .
Our laws are designed to guarantee that no job has to be a bad job in a place like Ontario , whether you pick vegetables , serve coffee , clean buildings , provide live-in care or do heavy labour . But the laws are getting bent and broken .
The Commission heard about migrant farmworkers who get injured or sick on the job , but would not take advantage of their entitlement to health care , even when it came to them . They knew they 'd get deported if a mobile health unit was seen at the farm gate . More workplace injuries mean higher insurance premiums for the employer .
Both public and private enterprises have been making increasing use of temporary agencies , particularly since the recession . The Commission learned that temporary agencies pay workers on average 40 per cent of what permanent workers make . They learned the industry itself is concerned about clients who are putting temps in the most difficult and dirty jobs to avoid paying higher premiums .
They heard about people getting paid far less than the minimum wage because they 're deemed independent contractors , not employees . And , they discovered wage theft , a phenomenon that the Workers ' Action Centre has long been dealing with : people get hired to do a job , but do n't get paid for the work they 've done . Sometimes that happens as a company approaches bankruptcy . Sometimes it 's actually part of the business plan of fly-by-night operations . Since the law is rarely enforced , these employers dip into the same strategy again and again , under cover of new business names .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
These are lousy situations for the person on the receiving end of these stories . But there are economic and health implications for society as well . If you have no control over your hours of work , you ca n't plan for child care . Up goes absenteeism . If you do n't know how much income you 're going to have by the end of the month , it 's harder to budget . That often means more reliance on costly credit . If you 're a temp , the chances for thorough training or a safe workplace go down . Lower quality control and higher health costs ( to the individual and to the health care system ) are the result .
The Law Commission has put forth 52 draft recommendations . They range from enforcing the laws we have more effectively , introducing new measures , and making people more aware of their rights .
The truth is , most people do n't know anything about their legal rights as workers , and even if you do , it 's a difficult system to navigate . Putting aside the costs and serious backlog in the courts , if you do n't have a union backing you , you know you 'll get fired if you complain . So most people just quit one lousy job and .... end up in another .
But that simply emboldens bully employers . So it 's really up to the rest of us to become more aware of these situations and talk about them , as this process triggered by the Law Commission of Ontario hopes to do . Until Oct. 1 , you can submit ideas on how to improve the legislation , or better enforce them .
Armine Yalnizyan is Senior Economist at the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives . You can follow them on Twitter .
`` Male-bashing '' is a term I grew up hearing often , and not just by women , but also brothers , fathers and uncles around me . No one took it seriously , but everyone of the second sex did it ... the hormonal teenaged girls who were just entering the world of boys , 20-somethings who had boyfriends and ex-boyfriends , the middle-aged married women who were struggling to find the balance between husbands , kids , parents , in-laws , and work , as well as the elderly women who spent their evenings in the park , giggling over the daily spats they had with their husbands . It was all in jest , taken as a frivolous activity that women indulged in . Until , of course , a couple would break into a fight , and the husband , in a fit of anger would spew out the blasphemous words , `` God knows what kind of ideas your female friends are feeding you ! '' It was in statements like this , that the innate misandry in this innocent act of “ male-bashing ” would be exposed .
A few weeks ago , a male friend noted , `` This is the opposite of misogyny . Wait , is there even a term in feminism , for all this hate toward men ? '' There is , and it is , `` misandry . '' It is a sadly under-recognised , and not a very well-understood phenomenon . But , the concept somewhere floats in the background of debates about equality . It gets overshadowed and silenced , because we focus more on male-supremacy and entitlement . But , at the root of it all , there is a dislike for men which drives us to fight them .
With time , I abandoned the term `` male-bashing , '' and replaced it with more respectful descriptions , such as , `` discussing boy problems , '' or `` venting about relationship issues . '' But , the angst and the frustrations still reek in what is said . Statements like , `` Why are men such assholes ? '' or `` Are there no nice men out there anymore ? '' are frequently made over drinks with my girlfriends . This also results in us distancing ourselves from the men in our lives . We throw in the towel , thinking that men will never understand our plight . Not much has changed since the time of our great-grandmothers , who came to similar conclusions . We create a cocoon of sisterly solidarity , and tell ourselves that we do n't need emotional support from men , because we get it from the women in our lives .
Men and women are wired differently . Women emote , while men problem-solve . They can learn the skills of the other sex , and perhaps women find it easier to learn more `` masculine '' traits for various reasons . But , in wanting the kind of support that other women in our lives can provide us , and not getting it from the men in our lives , we sometimes dismiss the things that they do bring in . But , we ca n't stop , because we hardly ever try to truly listen to , and understand the men in our lives . They have stories , too , which go unheard , because all of us have been taught that men `` do n't care . ''
Sometimes , I feel alienated from men , and that I have no clue about how a man 's world functions . That 's because we never truly enter their world . We give them the space and time they need , with their man caves , gadgets and boys ' nights . But , we do n't take the time to get to know what goes on in their minds , hearts , and souls . We assume that nothing much does , but what if we 're wrong ? We 're surprised when a man in our lives cries , or tells us that he 's scared . We either do n't know how to deal with it and turn ostrich , or we overreact , because it seems so out of place .
But , like we say , time and again , for ourselves , men are also humans first ! But , it 's difficult for us to move beyond the label of `` man , '' and see them for who they are .
Picture Credits : Pexels
Every year , artists and technology enthusiasts meet in Linz , Austria , for the Ars Electronica Festival , a meetup in the city 's downtown , located just off the Danube River . The festival is a haven for those with an eye toward the future — something between Burning Man and a TED conference , with visitors navigating scientific equipment , LED lights , and colorful installations . International visitors for the event are common enough , but the 1998 festival featured an unlikely participant : the Pentagon .
That year , members of an art group called the Electronic Disturbance Theater were invited to demonstrate a program called FloodNet . Billed as a “ virtual sit-in , ” users navigated to the FloodNet website at a predetermined time , and through a simple Java tool , were directed to a targeted website that would reload constantly , every few seconds . With enough people — perhaps thousands — the sit-in caused targeted websites to slow or maybe even crash , rendering them intermittently inaccessible .
The ability to neutralize practically any website on demand ... was a powerful new tool for global civic disobedience
The group set three targets , picked in solidarity with Mexico 's Zapatista revolutionary movement and “ against neoliberalism and the global economy ” : Mexican president Ernesto Zedillo , the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , and what was then the site of the US Department of Defense , defenselink.mil . The group called its protests “ actions , ” and this action was called SWARM — Stop the War in Mexico .
The ability to neutralize practically any website on demand — what 's now commonly referred to as a distributed denial of service , or DDoS , attack — was a powerful new tool for global civic disobedience . But for agencies like the Department of Defense , then facing the earliest prospects of war in the digital age , the capability posed a legitimate threat , and a dark omen of what was to come .
This year marks the 20th anniversary of the group 's earliest beginnings , and the questions raised by Electronic Disturbance Theater 's actions are relevant in ways its creators could not have foreseen . Today the DDoS attack seems like a fait accompli of digital life : in October , a bot-powered DDoS attack shut down major sites around the internet — a caper that exposed the fragility of the internet , as the attack was soon classified as the largest of its kind ever observed .
In a documentary from 2001 , Ricardo Dominguez , EDT 's bespectacled , wavy-haired ringleader , explains the group 's mission in the sober , scholarly diction of a determined revolutionary : “ Electronic civil disobedience is non-violent direct action online . ”
EDT 's precise ideological origins are murky , and not without some controversy . In the 1990s , a group called Critical Art Ensemble was formed in Tallahassee , Florida . Led by Steve and Hope Kurtz , a married couple , the group published two seminal texts in the history of digital protest : 1994 's The Electronic Disturbance and 1996 's Electronic Civil Disobedience and Other Unpopular Ideas . The texts anticipated a near-future when street protests , used to block physical space , would shift to blocking digital space — a radical idea for the time . Dominguez was a member of the group , although Steve Kurtz still disputes their contribution to the texts .
EDT did n't patent the denial of service technique . As Molly Sauter documents in their book The Coming Swarm , an Italian hacker group called the Strano Network is often credited with the first major DDoS-like protest . In 1995 , the Strano Network targeted French government sites with a one-hour “ net strike ” after the government tested nukes in the Pacific Ocean — an action with limited success . But it was EDT , through high-profile demonstrations against governments and businesses , that first popularized the idea of politically driven DDoS attacks , creating the foundation that others would use well into the future .
The incident that brought EDT together came in late 1997 . The revolutionary Zapatista Army had rebelled for years against the Mexican government , and in December of that year , the violence came to a head when 45 people , including 15 children , were killed during an attack in the state of Chiapas , in a town sympathetic to the Zapatistas . The Zapatistas ' leaders were clear on who they blamed : President Zedillo . They condemned the massacre , but surviving witnesses said the gunmen were allied with Zedillo 's political party . '' The direct responsibility for this bloody event lies on the shoulders of Ernesto Zedillo and Interior Ministry officials who two years ago gave the green light for the Army to fight a counterinsurgency war in Chiapas , ” the Zapatistas said in a communique .
The attack brought EDT 's members together under a common cause , and a lineup coalesced with four members : Brett Stalbaum and Carmin Karasic , two artists with technical expertise , formed the coding backbone of the group ; Dominguez and Stefan Wray , activists more interested in theory , were its philosophers . Dominguez and Wray , who were already involved in Zapatista solidarity efforts in the US , began to discuss the idea of an electronic civil disobedience action . Stalbaum wrote an early draft of what would become FloodNet , and worked with Karasic , who improved on the concept with him .
EDT planned a series of actions for 1998 , starting with a response to the Chiapas massacre . In April , Dominguez sent out a series of notes alerting people to the plan : `` FLOODNET : TACTICAL VERSION 1.0 . '' would target the website of President Zedillo , with the goal of bringing attention to the killings . The group bristles now at the idea it intended to bring down the site , but did foresee the possibility that access would be disrupted .
“ Truth not found ; Justice not found . ”
In one clever twist , the program even let users customize messages attached to their server requests , pinging for information like “ truth ” or “ justice. ” In a stylistic flourish with little practical use in a pre-social media era , the users could send word- or phrase-related queries to the site , which would spit out errors in the server log : truth not found ; justice not found . The first action attempt that month , launched in a pair of two-hour stretches , brought in more than 8,000 individuals , EDT later claimed . The group received reports that , although it did not seem entirely disabled , the site was at times inaccessible .
But the group saved its most organized action for the Ars festival , which Dominguez and Wray attended in person : a grand demonstration of FloodNet , once again targeting Zedillo 's website , as well as the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and Pentagon .
The festival had always been a haven for the hacker counterculture , with icons like William Gibson making the journey to speak , and participants did n't shy away from the political : one prescient exhibit from 1998 featured a miniature border wall topped with security cameras . That year , the theme was information warfare , and EDT was invited to attend alongside prominent hackers , including groups like the Hippies From Hell , a radical Dutch collective that Dominguez says considered EDT “ impure. ” They remember offering the use of FloodNet to another group in exchange for some beer .
As other attendees discussed theoretical ideas , EDT was eager to act . Their action was planned for the third day of the festival , and it drew considerable media attention . As usual , the group announced its plans in advance , conscious of the attention it might garner , but a sign of sabotage appeared early . That morning , Dominguez says , they received a threatening phone call from a Spanish speaker , who they claim said , We know who you are , but did n't reveal their identity . Dominguez believes it was “ Mexican agents , ” although this has n't been substantiated .
At 11AM Linz time , web users began flooding the sites . The hits poured in for hours — from Italy , Japan , Malaysia — even , it appeared , from servers associated with US education and military institutions . That afternoon , the group gave a talk on their work .
But then something strange happened . “ I looked at my desktop and noticed a string of Java icons — little coffee cups — streaming across the bottom of the screen , ” Wray later wrote . “ And then FloodNet just froze . I saw this happen on several machines. ” Similar reports surfaced that some kind of error had halted the protest . “ Countermeasures effectively kept me from participating this morning ; I 'm wondering if you could give me an update on how things went , ” one hopeful user messaged to the group .
A small screenshot from the time preserved the error that appeared :
Netscape is unable to locate the server : reload-your-search-page.please The server does not have a DNS entry .
Check the server name in the Location ( URL ) and try again .
The group could n't have known what was happening , but Wray soon received a message that eventually provided some shocking clarity . The email was from an administrator at NYU , who said they 'd been contacted by the Department of Defense , asking questions about EDT , which hosted a page with an EDT-related link on the university 's servers .
To counterstrike shut down the action , and later that night , Stalbaum uncovered what they say now was “ a kind of media combat weapon ” — a counter Java applet that appeared to be crashing machines loading the Pentagon pages . When they looked further , they found that it was named “ Hostile Applet . ”
The next day , Wired published a story on the incident , in which a Defense Department spokesperson obliquely took credit for shutting down the digital attack . “ Our support personnel were aware of this planned electronic civil disobedience attack and were able to take appropriate countermeasures , ” the spokesperson said .
“ Measures were taken to send the countless demands [ from the attackers ] into the great beyond . ”
The group 's actions continued throughout the year , as EDT expanded to target other websites , including the White House . By the end of the year , the group had drawn the attention of The New York Times . “ Radical groups are discovering what hackers have always known : Traditional social institutions are more vulnerable in cyberspace than they are in the physical world , ” a story on the group and other hacktivists read .
Members of EDT tend to demur when asked about their role in popularizing DDoS attacks . As Karasic points out , the group differed from many hackers , who may take action against an entity unilaterally , without the support of like-minded internet users . FloodNet required participation from thousands to be effective — there was something akin to “ a vote. ” But the group 's most notable legacy may be a radical blurring of the line between provocative art and hacking .
The group released a freely available version of FloodNet , which other activists could use to launch their own protests , just after midnight on New Year 's Eve 1998 . The year 's actions completed , the members went their separate ways . In 2001 , the airline Lufthansa was targeted by a different group , inspired by EDT , protesting deportations from Germany facilitated by the company . “ [ EDT 's members ] were tangentially involved in literally every DDoS thing that happened in the early 2000s , ” Sauter says .
“ EDT 's members were tangentially involved in literally every DDoS thing that happened in the early 2000s . ”
About 13,000 people took part in the Lufthansa “ sit-in , ” and while the airline said it successfully withstood the attack , an organizer was arrested and charged . Eventually , they were ordered to pay a fine or serve three months in jail , Sauter explains , but another court overturned the ruling , saying the action was a justified form of protest . Parts of the commentariat , like the writer Evgeny Morozov , have since said that this is a reasonable legal interpretation — that it is possible to see such actions as a form of dissent — but the legal test that may one day decide these issues definitively in the United States still has n't materialized .
Meanwhile , both the technology powering activism and the cultural landscape behind it have changed dramatically since EDT was active . A small group can take down large parts of the internet without much help , but many continue to do so in the name of protest and art . Dominguez themselves organized a digital “ sit-in ” of hundreds of students targeting the University of California president 's website to protest the institution 's financial policies . Dominguez was a UC San Diego professor , and still is , although the protest nearly cost them tenure . Stalbaum is also a professor at the university , and , although the group has mostly drifted apart , is now a part of Electronic Disturbance Theater 2.0 : a group with new members , if a similar mission . Carmin Karasic works as an artist in the Netherlands . Wray has lost touch with the group .
Dominguez sees a fundamental difference between EDT 's work and later activists that took up its cause as activists . “ Our work may end up being useful to a wide variety of communities , but our approach was always as artists , ” they say .
“ It does n't mean that we 're not concerned with the political , we 're not concerned with the conditions we find ourselves in , ” they continue . “ But as artists we 're not necessarily rapidly mobilized to hit Trump Tower now . ”
The distinction between art and protest might be lost on the groups using today 's version of EDT 's tactics . In 2013 , Anonymous supporters launched a White House petition to legalize DDoS attacks after a series of arrests related to politically motivated attacks launched by the group . The petitioners argued that a DDoS attack was free speech . “ Distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) , is not any form of hacking in any way , ” the petition read . “ It is the equivalent of repeatedly hitting the refresh button on a webpage. ” The idea had more than a small hint of EDT philosophy .
The page for the petition has since been taken down .
Sony Pictures Entertainment canceled the planned Christmas Day release of The Interview on Wednesday after an unknown person or group threatened to attack theaters that played the film . Sony 's decision comes after several major theater chains backed out of showing the film in light of the threats .
“ We are deeply saddened by this brazen effort to suppress the distribution of a movie , and in the process do damage to our company , our employees and the American public , ” Sony said in a statement . “ We stand by our filmmakers and their right to free expression and are extremely disappointed by this outcome . ”
MORE : 3 Reasons People Think North Korea Hacked Sony
The threats , which warned of 9/11-style attacks against theaters showing The Interview , may have come from the same people responsible for hacking Sony Pictures late last month . Thousands of Sony employees ' emails and personal data have been posted online as a result of the hack , and Sony is still reeling from its effects .
It is n't yet clear who hacked Sony or threatened the theaters , though some analysts have pointed fingers at North Korea . Pyongyang is furious over The Interview , a comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco about TV journalists asked to kill North Korean leader Kim Jong-un . But no clear link to North Korea has been established , and the government has denied responsibility for the hack .
The Most Controversial Films of All Time Columbia Hulton Archive/Getty Images United Artists/Getty Images Paramount/Getty Images MGM/Getty Images Silver Screen Collection/Getty Images Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images Columbia/Getty Images TriStar/Getty Images Warner Brothers/Getty Images Artisan Entertainment Lionsgate Newmarket 20th Century Fox 1 of 14 Advertisement
Write to Alex Fitzpatrick at alex.fitzpatrick @ time.com .
Rick Owens Menswear Fall Winter 2017 Paris
Oversize silhouettes , with down quilting layers , with long appliqué sleeves , with floor grazing trousers .
Glitter : a word that shimmers evocatively and flashes at first sight . But if it 's chosen by Rick Owens as their title for the season then rest assured it will have a more profound meaning .
“ I chose this name as a reaction to my last collection cycle that was based on physical and ecological decline , it was time to move forward , ” the designer from Los Angeles explained to MFF , “ Glitter is a reference to a period in the 70 's that celebrated immortality , transgression , sexual liberation and flamboyant non-conformity . Almost like a grotesque trick , that rejects fear in difficult moments. ” That 's to say , Owens definitely has a concept and they realize it with their visionary approach . They create silhouettes that reflect on and reinterpret internal issues . Creating soft suits of armour , attached to the body covered in quilted fabrics with volumes somewhere between tramp and evening suit . There are opera capes accompanied by the voice of Monserrat Caballé singing the l'aria di Dalila , earning the trust of Sansone before destroying him . Sleeves with knitted appliqué lengthen jackets , super mega oversize shapes . Trousers that drag along the floor , faces painted white , roughed up hair applied to headbands with an alopecia effect . Big horizontal lines and quilting . Outlining figures like balloon animals alla Jeff Koons , or those that are sold on the street .
By Stefano Roncato - MFF Magazine for Fashion
In a Monday speech given to faculty members , Texas Longhorns head coach Charlie Strong adopted an uncommonly confident attitude in discussing the future of their program and predicting a turnaround after going 11-14 after their first two seasons in Austin .
`` What 's going to happen when we flip this thing ? Where are we going to be then ? , '' Strong said , according to the Statesman . `` You think about what we 're doing right now , what 's going to happen when we really get it turned ?
`` They might as well move out of the way , because we are going to steamroll everyone , '' they added . `` That 's going to happen . ''
Indeed , though the 'Horns finished 5-7 last year and missed a bowl game for the first time since 2010 , there were signs that Strong is headed in the right direction -- Texas upset Oklahoma and Baylor last fall , then used momentum from the latter event to hire offensive coordinator Sterlin Gilbert away from Tulsa and finish the 2016 class with a number of huge late pledges .
On National Signing Day , Strong and their Longhorns attracted national attention by landing seven commitments , vaulting Texas to as high as No . 9 in the 247Sports Composite team rankings before settling at No . 11 . That 2016 class will soon join a 2015 group on campus that produced three first-year student All-Americans , providing the nucleus for the future teams that Strong believes will find a great deal of success on the field .
Having two young and talented offensive linemen in that group will make that task easier and there 's no question that beefy running backs D'Onta Foreman and Chris Warren have the bruising capabilities to make that type of physical domination into a reality .
Strong did n't place a specific timetable on the turnaround and it may not happen this season since the talent in the upper classes is still depleted as a result of attrition , but if Texas can show progress in 2016 , the steamrolling could commence the following fall .
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is paying their own legal bills related to the investigation into Russia 's meddling in the 2016 presidential election after months of the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) covering the costs , Reuters reported Friday .
The legal bills are for Trump 's personal lawyers , who are helping the president navigate the investigations into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia , as well as whether Trump obstructed justice by firing FBI Director James Comey James Brien ComeyExpect little closure on collusion 'Dear Attorney General Barr ' : Advice from insiders Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' Earlier this year .
John Dowd , a defense lawyer for Trump , told Reuters that the president wants to make the party `` even . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump 's team and the RNC have , at times , seized on the Russia investigation and surrounding controversy to raise money , sending out fundraising pleas amid developments in the case . Earlier this year , the campaign saw a surge in donations the same day that Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse : US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE was appointed to lead the criminal investigation into Moscow 's election meddling .
The Trump administration is also working to establish a fund to help current and former staffers pay their legal bills related to the special counsel 's probe . That fund would be subject to rules prohibiting staffers from receiving pro bono legal services or gifts , according to Reuters .
Dowd said that the president is worried about staffers who have hired good lawyers to represent them , but whose services they can not afford .
Reuters first reported earlier this year that Trump was using money from the RNC and their own reelection campaign to pay some of the legal bills accrued amid Mueller 's investigation . In August , the RNC payments totalled $ 231,250 .
The Federal Election Commission allows candidates to use campaign funds to cover legal costs that may come as a result of running for public office or being an elected official .
Trump has denied repeatedly that their campaign coordinated with Russian officials or representatives , and Russian President Vladimir Putin has similarly said that Moscow played no such role in the U.S. election .
But Mueller 's investigation , as well as probes being carried out by multiple congressional committees , have cast a shadow over Trump 's first year in office . And the U.S. intelligence community says that Russia did seek to influence the election .
Earlier this month , the special counsel unveiled the first charges in their investigation , indicting former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and an associate of their over alleged money laundering and tax evasion , among other charges .
That same day , it was revealed that George Papadopoulos , a former foreign policy adviser to Trump 's campaign , pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about their contacts with Russian representatives . The White House has sought to distance the president from the accused in recent weeks .
Everyone knows Wolverine is something of a lone wolf , but in the latest teaser for The Wolverine flick Logan looks downright lonely .
The motion poster ( above ) , released on the film 's international site , shows a desolate-looking mutant wielding a samurai sword and overlooking the Tokyo skyline — a fitting image considering director James Mangold 's sequel to 2009 's X-Men Origins : Wolverine takes Logan to Japan where they train with a samurai warrior . It 's kind of depressing , but that 's the mood of the film . Wolverine themselves ( Hugh Jackman ) recently said that in the film , “ He 's definitely at their lowest point at the beginning of this movie — you see them more vulnerable than you 've ever seen them before , that 's for sure . ”
So , the best bummer of the day ?
The Wolverine slashes into theaters July 26 , 2013 .
Supreme Court decision could allow agents to sue banks by James McClister November 10 , 2016
Yesterday the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments for City of Miami v. Wells Fargo and Bank of America , and early reports suggest the Court is leaning towards allowing the case to proceed – which could have major implications for who can claim damages under the Fair Housing Act , including real estate agents .
The case is not particularly complicated : Miami is seeking damages from Wells Fargo and Bank of America for what the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy describe as “ well-documented deceptive , predatory lending practices. ” And a favorable ruling could give agents an avenue to file lawsuits for damages their businesses might have incurred as a result of those same practices .
During Tuesday 's arguments , Robert Peck , the attorney representing the city of Miami , posited that bad loans issued by the banks “ frustrated and counteracted the city 's efforts on fair housing , ” which led to a loss of “ the benefits of social , professional , and business opportunities ” synonymous with “ an integrated community free from housing discrimination . ”
Neal Katyal , on behalf of Wells Fargo and Bank of America , countered Peck , claiming the city 's attempt to seek damages under the FHA was an attempt to “ borrow ” an injury suffered by someone else , referring , in this case , to the people forced into foreclosure and , in some instances , poverty because of discriminatory loans . Katyal said a ruling in favor of Miami would create an “ unlimited theory of liability ” that could not only extend the jurisdiction of the FHA , but also trigger a wave of litigation from cities and businesses claiming to have been negatively impacted by the housing crisis .
The danger of precedent
In comments Peck sent to Miami Agent via email , they suggested a decision for Miami would not be a precedent , but rather a reaffirmation of an earlier precedent set in 1979 during the case Gladstone , Realtors v. Village of Bellwood . In the case , Bellwood successfully sued a real estate company for injuries sustained as a result of “ racial steering . ”
“ The fact that there was no flood of lawsuits since that decision suggests that there wo n't be a new bevy of cases this time either , ” Peck said .
Still , the possibility remains one of the Courts ' primary concerns . According reporter Amy Howe , who wrote on the SCOTUS blog , both Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy “ seemed most troubled about the implications of a ruling for the city , ” with Justice Sonia Sotomayor also expressing concern – though , they were much more sympathetic to the argument .
The worry of precedent forced the Court to ask the question of how a favorable ruling for Miami could be issued without welcoming the wave of litigation that Katyal was prophesizing . It led to the more fundamental question : how is Miami calculating the damages ?
Judging on property values
Peck confirmed to us that “ Miami has not put a figure on ( its ) stage damages claim , ” saying that damages are something typically articulated during the later discovery process . However , during arguments , Peck did say that the damages the city would be seeking were not especially substantial , and clarified that the eventual figure will consider decreased property tax and tourism revenues , which came as a result of predatory lending .
The Supreme Court bench was unenthused by Peck 's response , but in questioning Curtis Gannon , who represented the federal government in support of the City , it did find a potential viable option for how a favorable decision could be written to limit the FHA 's expanded jurisdiction .
Gannon 's option for the court used real estate agents , and how they might apply the FHA to a lawsuit , as an example of how it would work for Miami . The idea is to seek damages for things easy to put a specific number to . So , for instance , a real estate agent could file a lawsuit over a specific transaction that “ fails to go through…because of racial discrimination , ” but could n't seek damages for a general loss of commissions because racial discrimination caused sales to be overall lower . For Miami , the “ specific transaction ” could be a loss in terms of property values , but not a speculated loss on tourism revenues .
It is still unclear whether the Court will allow Miami 's case to go forward , but the early indication is it will .
Getty Images
As the Broncos deal with the first four-game losing streak of the John Elway era ( front-office version ) , they continue to have an offense that continues to fail to get it done . But while , per a source with knowledge of the situation , Elway and coach Vance Joseph will consider all options , the initial thinking is that the Broncos will stick with Brock Osweiler .
Osweiler , generally speaking , received a surprisingly good assessment from Joseph for the quarterback 's first start with the team since late in the 2015 regular season . And if the goal , as Joseph suggested this week , was to cut the turnovers from four to two , mission accomplished ; Osweiler had only two interceptions on Sunday .
Apart from the question of whether Osweiler should be benched is whether he 'd be replaced by Trevor Siemian or Paxton Lynch . Siemian had a horrendous showing only six nights ago , which makes Lynch the more likely option .
But keep this in mind : Lynch has been back at practice for little more than a week after missing two months with a shoulder injury . Lynch has had no first-team reps since returning .
Then there 's this . The next opponent for the Broncos is the Patriots , in Denver . Two years ago , in Osweiler 's second career start , they beat the Patriots on a Sunday night . In Denver .
Yes , much has changed since then . But with the Broncos reeling and the team returning home and the Patriots typically struggling in Denver and no solid alternatives on the roster , the best bet could be the guy the Browns are paying nearly $ 900,000 per week to play for the Broncos .
A giant asteroid is hurtling straight for earth – that 's the premise of many a Hollywood script . But for a while recently , scientists thought that could be happening for real .
A week from Friday , a 150-foot-long asteroid , dubbed 2012 DA 14 , will pass within 17,000 miles from planet Earth . Now that may not sound like a close shave but that 's only 1/13th the way to the moon , so all things considered , that 's pretty close .
That got the Luke Burbank Show thinking – what would we or could we do in the case of an asteroid heading our way .
“ Scientists have a lot of ideas about what they might do . I mean the problem is none of them have really been tested in the real world , ” said Clare Moscowitz from Space.com . “ The leading idea is to launch a spacecraft to actually slam into the asteroid . The thinking is , if you can kick it just a little bit off course , you can probably kick it so it wo n't hit the earth because a small change in it 's orbit will put it in a little different trajectory . ”
Moscowitz reassured us a little , but they also warned us that kicking maneuver was also fraught with danger .
“ You really do need to get your orbital mechanics right . You need to have your math sound and clear . You do n't want to push it even closer toward the earth and make it worse . ”
And would we have enough lead time to pull this feat off ?
“ We would need quite some time . First we would need to build the spacecraft , we do n't just have those lying around , ” said Moscowitz . “ We would probably need a few years at least . Who knows , if you have a last minute scenario , the world is n't going to go out without trying – we may pull something out of our sleeve . ”
Well , that does n't sound as reassuring as we 'd hoped .
And it got worse .
“ See this is another problem with asteroids : they do n't glow . They 're just these tiny chunks of rock . Yes , we can see them – they reflect sunlight . But they 're small and we really ca n't see them too well until they come close to us which is why we did n't discover this one until just recently . We tend to only see these things when they 've gotten quite close to the sun and close to us . ”
But that makes it sound like we 're doomed . Is there a scenario in which we do could find a way to avert annihilation ?
“ You know , I 'd like to think that we could . We have a lot of spacecrafts out there in orbit , defunct things that we would n't mind losing . So perhaps we could launch some sort of rocket . I think we could pull something together , to utilize what we already have in sitting there in orbit and maybe hit this thing . But obviously – the more lead time , the better , ” said Moscowitz .
And besides , this is not really ever going to happen is it ?
“ I think that we do n't know enough yet to put the risks so definitively that most scientists list an asteroid impact as , really sort of up there , in terms of things that could really sort of ‘ do us in , ' ” explained Moscowitz . “ So there 's a real threat , but at the same time , there are entire teams of people that are constantly vigilant , scanning the skies for these things . I feel personally hopeful we would get enough lead time to make a fighting stand . ”
And if in the end it comes down to Bruce Willis bailing us all out , “ I think if that 's there best plan , we 're in trouble . ”
Tankers ,
It 's the first week of class and everyone 's got the first-day jitters . To help ease the nerves , we 've gone back to basics with this week-long special . Your first assignment is completing these vehicle-themed missions where your efforts will be rewarded with a star and the XP bonus that comes with it . Lunch is a perfect time to check out the latest bundle discounts on these lower-tier , Credit-earning Premiums .
Your homework is to decide which of the following you need most -- Consumables , Garage Slots , Premium time or Premium vehicles , because they 're all discounted for the first week of school !
Start Date : Monday , September 1 , 04:00 PDT ( 07:00 EDT / 11:00 UTC )
End Date : Friday , September 5 , 04:00 PDT ( 07:00 EDT / 11:00 UTC )
Bonuses & Discounts Premium Time
3 Days : 350 ( Save 300 )
7 Days : 680 ( Save 570 ) Premium Vehicles
50 % Gold Discount : Tier II - V Consumables
50 % Off ( Gold / Credits ) Garage Slots
50 % Gold Discount
Back to School Week 1 Missions
Missions & Rewards Take Care of Your Crew Place in the Top 10 XP scores on your team . Reward : x2 Crew Experience Tier IV or higher
Repeatable Light Them Up Earn more than 750 damage due to your assistance in spotting in one battle . Reward : + 25 % Experience Bonus Tier IV or higher
Light tanks only
Repeatable Happy Medium Deal more than 750 damage in one battle . Reward : + 25 % Experience Bonus Tier IV or higher
Medium tanks only
Repeatable Heavy Steel Destroy three ( 3 ) or more enemy vehicles in a battle . Reward : + 25 % Experience Bonus Tier IV or higher
Heavy tanks only
Repeatable TD Delight Deal 750 damage from a distance of more than 300 meters in one battle . Reward : + 25 % Experience Bonus Tier IV or higher
Tank destroyers only
Repeatable Arty Party Damage more than three ( 3 ) enemy vehicles in a battle . Reward : + 25 % Experience Bonus Tier IV or higher
Artillery vehicles only
Repeatable
Back to School Week 1 Premium Bundles
Parking Pass - $ 8.09 + Garage Slots ( 10 )
Each vehicle included in the bundles above comes with its own Garage Slot .
Additional Premium Bundles
Note : The Credits included in the bundles above are only for World of Tanks . More information .
Gold F.A.Q . | Gold Benefits | Premium Account
If Romney loses tonight , there are going to be a lot of shocked Republicans and conservatives . If you 're a reader of the Greek New Testament ( and who is n't ? ) the appropriate word is “ skandalon. ” Such a result will be a “ scandal ” or a “ stumbling block ” to your friends who were sure that good Ohioans would vote for Mitt Romney and that this Nate Silver guy at the New York Times was cooking the books on the polls , along with the rest of the media .
Conservatives will say , with some good reason , that unemployment is unacceptably high . Obama did n't bring hope or change . And there is no way all those flaky college kids and minority voters could be excited enough to show up to the polls this year . So how did this happen ?
Here are some things to remind them :
Lots of Republican voters died , and lots of Democratic voters came into being : The winning modern Republican coalition goes back to Richard Nixon . It includes lots of white ethnic Catholics , Southern Evangelicals , and the odd country clubbers . This coalition is much older and whiter than the America that is rapidly coming into being . About two and half million Americans die every year . That means something like 10 million Americans died since 2008 . More of them would be Republican voters than not . And at the same time , younger voters are much more likely to take President Obama 's side on the culture war . They are more likely to be non-white and secular . About 16.8 million Americans turned 18 between the last election and this one . So , yes , Democratic enthusiasm may be dampened , but demographic changes make it easier for Democrats to turn out the same number of voters year after year .
Romney could not take advantage of Obama 's weaknesses with the working class : Since their primary run in 2007 and 2008 , it has been obvious that Barack Obama has distinct problems with white working class voters . Republicans gained congressional seats from Scranton to Des Moines in 2010 , the exact area where Romney needed to do well . But Mitt Romney was almost exactly the wrong kind of Republican to reach out to these voters . They look like upper management , the guys that get bonuses for laying you off . In fact , Obama successfully painted them as just such a vulture capitalist in these states . Romney 's “ 47 percent ” remarks also demonstrated that they have no natural feeling of solidarity for “ working Joes. ” Meanwhile , Obama had been making amends with this group of voters by claiming to have saved the American auto industry , and portraying Mitt as the man who wanted to destroy it . When Mike Huckabee said Mitt looked like the guy that fired you , you nodded in agreement .
You heard lots about Benghazi on talk-radio and Fox News , but Mitt Romney botched the issue then ditched it . So hardly anyone else heard about it . Romney was always going to have a tough time on this issue because they want to position themselves as “ tougher ” than Obama . But Obama 's error in Libya may have been being too promiscuous with the use of force . There is almost no doubt that the president 's administration made poor decisions when our mission in Libya pleaded for more security . There is almost no doubt that the administration stuck with a bogus story about a YouTube video causing a riot that killed the Ambassador to Libya long after they had good reasons not to believe it . There is almost no doubt that the president 's decision to intervene in Libya made America responsible for the chaos in the region and an unwitting accomplice in the rise of Al Qeada in Mali and elsewhere . But when our ambassador was killed , Romney held a press conference implying that Obama sympathized with the attackers . Not only was this wrong , it was easy to rebut . Instead of letting the press go after the president , Romney strode out like a matador and waved a big red flag at them . They got gored for “ jumping the gun. ” At the second debate , Romney did n't lay out their own views of what happened in Libya , but tried to get into a semantics debate about when Obama used the word terror . It backfired and became a disastrous moment for Romney . By the third debate , Romney just ignored the question on Libya .
America is n't what you thought it was : Please remember , in 2008 Barack Hussein Obama absolutely trounced Republicans in Virginia . Virginia ! The Old Dominion that is littered with landmarks dedicated to Robert E. Lee voted for the first black president overwhelmingly . You have been saying that Obama was going to change America . It turns out that America had changed already . That 's why you got Barack Obama in the first place .
Finally : you did n't like Romney that much either . So are you really surprised ? The entire Republican primary was a search for a “ Not-Romney ” candidate . In fact , you probably once contemplated voting for Newt Gingrich , Herman Cain , or Rick Santorum precisely because Romney was a flip-flopper who invented Obamacare in Massachusetts . Just a year ago , my dear conservative friend , you were likely very much against the idea of Romney being your nominee . So how can you be surprised that other Americans never warmed to them as a choice for president ?
A southeast Colorado Republican appointed to the state legislature this week has apologized for Facebook posts that were critical of African Americans and Muslims and which drew concerns from top state party officials .
“ I would like to apologize for the comments or posts on Facebook that have been found offensive and racist , ” Judy Reyher said in a statement emailed to The Denver Post . “ However , the fact of the matter is , I am not a racist . This country was founded by immigrants , and I embrace all Americans , no matter their walk of life . Diversity is what makes America , America . ”
Reyher , appointed Monday night to the vacated seat of state Rep. Clarice Navarro , said diversity “ in fact … makes my family , ” referring to a photograph from their son 's wedding in China that they included with their statement .
“ These claims of racism by the Denver Post are absolutely deplorable , and I will not be distracted by them , ” the statement reads . “ My attention is instead focused on ensuring that the children of my district and the children of this great state receive a quality education ; that the people of House District 47 have meaningful and long-lasting employment , and to continue the fight for our farmers and ranchers , who are the very heart and soul of this state . ”
The Denver Post did not call Reyher a racist .
Jeff Hays , chair of the Colorado GOP , called Reyher and “ expressed their displeasure and disagreement in no uncertain terms ” following Denver Post questions about their Facebook posts critical of African Americans and Muslims , according to a party spokesperson .
In an interview with the newspaper , Reyher also questioned whether former President Barack Obama was born in the U.S. ( an idea that has been debunked ) , and said that “ the black community and the Democrats are the most racist group of people that exist , ” and that black people “ hate white people with a passion . ”
Assistant House Minority Leader Cole Wist , a Centennial Republican , noted that neither they nor other lawmakers are involved in vacancy appointments such as Reyher 's , but said that “ racism and bigotry are absolutely wrong . ”
A local vacancy committee voted 6-5 on Monday night to have Reyher fill Navarro 's seat . Reyher bested Tamra Axworthy of Pueblo , who is appealing .
House District 47 spans Otero , Pueblo and Fremont counties .
Reyher , from Swink , is set to serve out the rest of Navarro 's term , which expires in about a year . Navarro took a job with the Trump administration .
Facebook M — The Anti-Turing Test
Arik Sosman Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 9 , 2015
Facebook has recently launched a limited beta of its ground-breaking AI called M. M 's capabilities far exceed those of any competing AI . Where some AIs would be hard-pressed to tell you the weather conditions for more than one location ( god forbid you go on a trip ) , M will tell you the weather forecast for every point on your route at the time you 're expected to get there , and also provide you with convenient gas station suggestions , account for traffic in its estimations , and provide you with options for food and entertainment at your destination .
As many people have pointed out , there have been press releases stating that M is human-aided . However , the point of this article is not to figure out whether or not there are humans behind it , but to indisputably prove it .
When communicating with M , it insists it 's an AI , and that it lives right inside Messenger . However , its non-instantaneous nature and the sheer unlimited complexity of tasks it can handle suggest otherwise . The opinion is split as to whether or not it 's a real AI , and there seems to be no way of proving its nature one way or the other .
The biggest issue with trying to prove whether or not M is an AI is that , contrary to other AIs that pretend to be human , M insists it 's an AI . Thus , what we would be testing for is humans pretending to be an AI , which is much harder to test than the other way round , because it 's much easier for humans to pretend to be an AI than for an AI to pretend to be a human . In this situation , a Turing test is futile , because M 's objective is precisely to not pass a Turing test . So what we want to prove is not the limitations of the AI , but the limitlessness of the ( alleged ) humans behind it . What we need therefore is a different test . An “ Anti-Turing ” test , if you will .
As it happens , I did find a way of proving M 's nature . But good storytelling mandates that first , I describe my laborious path to the result , and the inconclusive experiments I had to conduct before I finally got a definitive answer .
When I first got M , our conversation started like this :
Dinner ? Oh , and are you human ?
“ I use artificial intelligence , but people help train me , ” was M 's response to my question regarding its nature . That can mean many things , because using AI is not the same as being a completely autonomous AI . So I kept bugging it about its nature .
Some people opined that what M refers to as AI is that there are people typing out all the responses , but the tool that helps them do that is based on machine learning . However , directly asking about that did n't yield any new insights .
M 's assertiveness regarding its nature is set in stone . Nonetheless , there were some minor tells that arguably betrayed the underlying human nature of this chatbot . To test its limit , I have asked it to perform a set of complicated tasks for me that no other AI out there could pull off .
I told it where I work , and then slightly modified my request .
And indeed , it responded !
The most noteworthy aspect of this reply is that “ Google Maps ” was n't capitalized , suggesting that maybe , just maybe , a human typed it out in a hurry . And indeed , even with some other requests , its responses have proven not to be as impeccable as the ones we 're used to from Siri . For instance , when I asked it to find some nice wallpapers for me taken from the Berkeley stadium depicting the Bay Area at night , preferably with the Bay Bridge , the Transamerica Pyramid , and the Sather Tower being in the picture , M did manage to find some very nice wallpapers for me , but it said that it could n't find any with the Campanile . As consolation , though , it said it would let me know if it found any that fit my criteria more precisely :
Now , the first issue with the above response is that the wallpapers it sent me did have the Transamerica Pyramid , and M knew they did . What they did n't have was the Sather Tower , so why is it saying it 's going to let me know about pictures with the Transamerica Pyramid ?
The second issue is that it 's called the “ Transamerica Pyramid , ” not the “ Transamerican Pyramid. ” And lastly , note the two “ with ” s and the “ I ' l ” . It has made two typos ! And indeed , that was not the only time it did :
Though to be fair , I made one , too . Yet again , I freely admit to being human .
While a lot of humans struggle with the distinction between “ its ” and “ it 's , ” for an AI , that should not have been an issue . Even so , it might have been trained wrong , so as such , these lapses are not sufficiently conclusive . Even the delayed responses I mentioned earlier could have been deliberate , including the fact that there 's a typing indicator shown when M is preparing a response , rather than sending the whole string instantaneously as a regular AI would . The results and indications so far did n't satisfy me , so I was still looking for a way to prove that there are real humans behind M. Just how could I make them come out , make them show themselves ?
As it happens , the answer came to me at a time when I was n't actively looking for it . The movie in Cupertino ended rather late , and I asked M whether there was any place I could get dinner at afterwards that would still be open at that time . There were only two places open , but I was n't sure whether their kitchen would still be open , too . Thus , I asked M whether it could call them and figure that out . And indeed , it said it could !
So I asked M whether it could call my friends ( nope ) . Whether it could call me ( nope ) . Apparently , it could only call businesses for me , but not individuals . So what do I do ? I make up a business and ask M to call it .
So M asked me for the phone number , and I simply gave it mine . About five minutes later , I receive a call with no caller ID . When I pick up , I hear some rumbling noises in the background , say “ hello , ” and then the other end hangs up . Immediately afterward , the following exchange happens with M :
Unfortunately , I did n't have a landline phone number , so I was a bit disappointed that not even this experiment could prove M 's nature .
A few days later , I had to get some work done during the weekend , and while at the office , I realized that the company did have one . The experiment had to be repeated !
About three minutes later , we get a phone call in the conference room . When I pick up , a distinctively human , female voice says , “ Hello ? ” As it happens , I had accidentally set the phone to mute before that , so they did n't hear me saying the company name . Still , the voice was most definitely human . And because the reader should n't be taking me at face value , I made a recording of that whole encounter :
Please do pardon the vertical video recording . Holding the phone vertically is just so much more convenient !
Immediately afterward , M sends a reply .
What 's more , it appears to me that they forgot to block the caller ID for that particular call , because I got to see the phone number they were calling from .
So there , very clearly , M was calling from +1 ( 650 ) 796–2402 . As can be seen on the photo , the automatic reverse-lookup matched that number to Facebook . Thus , here we are . We have definitive proof that M is powered by humans . The next question is : Is it only humans , or is there at least some AI-driven component behind it ? As to this problem , I 'll leave it as a homework assignment for the reader to figure out . In the meantime , I shall enjoy having my own free personal ( human ) assistant .
