Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Sicily protesting against Trident Juncture 2015 , the largest military maneuvers in more than a decade , which NATO claims are designed to adapt the alliance to “ emerging security challenges . ”
The protesters marched through the streets of the city of Marsala , less than 10 miles ( 16km ) from Vincenzo Florio Airport . The airport is a base for the 37th Wing of the Italian air force and is one of the forward operating bases ( FOBs ) used by NATO Airborne Early Warning and Control .
Organized by the “ No war , no NATO ” group , activists from all corners of the Italian island marched with banners reading “ Sicily is not laboratory of the war ” and `` Sicily is no war zone '' . People urged the Italian government to better invest in education and the medical sector rather than military activity .
A Marsala bel corteo contro # TridentJuncture 2015 prova di forza della # NATOpic.twitter.com/a1LOiiKSeh — luca cangemi ( @ luca_cangemi ) October 31 , 2015
Accompanied by police in riot gear , the procession blocked traffic in the city center as protesters proceeded to reach Victory Square . A large portion of the crowd expressed concern with NATO activities disturbing the local tourism industry .
The US-led Trident Juncture 2015 military exercises which began on October 19 involve 36,000 troops from 30 countries . More than 160 aircraft including fighter jets , helicopters , surveillance planes , and drones , operating from 15 air bases in Italy , Spain , and Portugal , the three Allies hosting Trident Juncture are also taken part in the maneuvers . The exercises are the biggest NATO military exercise to take place since 2002 .
In mille a Marsala contro la maxiesercitazione Nato di Birgi https : //t.co/qwWfQB4xX6 # cronacapic.twitter.com/4JOR9NNS0O — Palermo 24 ( @ palermo24 ) October 31 , 2015
NATO has significantly stepped up its military presence and activity along the Russian border , including in the Baltic states and eastern Europe , since Russia 's reunification with Crimea and the outbreak of conflict in eastern Ukraine , which the alliance blames on Moscow . Russia views NATO 's ongoing expansion and constant military activity as hostile and destabilizing .
This is the first stimulus package to be unveiled and a second will be announced in October . The main focus is to spur new businesses . Cutting red tape is the priority and the government will simplify a long list of 89 regulations . Among others , there will be easier regulation for new industrial zones , new policies to speed up fiscal disbursement in rural areas , and easier access for exporters to get financing . The government also indicated its commitment to boost property investments , develop the shipping industry , and support micro enterprises .
On the monetary side , Bank Indonesia ( BI ) unveiled a string of policies , mostly directed to anchor confidence on the economy in the immediate-term . The focus is on inflation , rupiah and the risk of capital outflows . Coordination with the Ministry of Finance team will be strengthened to monitor inflationary risks at the provincial and municipal levels . BI reiterates its commitment to be active in the FX market , to prevent excessive volatility of the rupiah . The central bank will also step in to intervene in the IDgov bond market , when necessary . Meanwhile , the central bank issues new term deposits with 6-month maturity as well as reintroduces the 9-month and 12-month Bank Indonesia certificates ( SBI ) .
On this last point , the idea is to provide extra instruments to tap into excess liquidity from foreign currency deposits in the domestic banking system . There could be some positive reaction in the markets . But the government has to show that it can deliver these changes . It is at the implementation phase that many government policies have been delayed thus far in Jokowi 's term . As for BI , restoring confidence on the rupiah remains the key to lift sentiment among local businesses . Adapting to a new normal is difficult if rupiah volatility were to continue . It is why investment growth is trending below 4 % , far from its longterm average of almost 8 % . As long as the strong US dollar theme dominates global markets though , it is difficult for the rupiah to gain significant grounds against the dollar .
For the first time ever , humans have captured a photograph of Jupiter 's North Pole . And it 's beautiful .
That image is just one of the first of many to come from Juno , a NASA spacecraft that entered the gas giant 's orbit in July . It 's set to make at least 35 more revolutions around the planet from the North Pole to the south , and in the process , hopefully unlock some of its mysteries .
It 's off to a good start . This first view of Jupiter 's North Pole `` looks like nothing we have seen or imagined before , '' Scott Bolton , NASA 's principal investigator of Juno , said in a press statement .
They continued :
It 's bluer in color up there than other parts of the planet , and there are a lot of storms . There is no sign of the latitudinal bands or zone and belts that we are used to -- this image is hardly recognizable as Jupiter . We 're seeing signs that the clouds have shadows , possibly indicating that the clouds are at a higher altitude than other features .
The clouds have an oil-and-water-on-asphalt quality to them . Here 's a closer look at the detail .
Juno also sent back this infrared image of the planet 's South Pole , another first for science . This image reveals the contours of Jupiter 's aurora , which is the interaction of its magnetic field with its atmosphere .
`` These first infrared views of Jupiter 's north and south poles are revealing warm and hot spots that have never been seen before , '' Alberto Adriani , an Italian scientist studying data from Juno 's infrared camera , said in a press statement . `` And while we knew that the first-ever infrared views of Jupiter 's South Pole could reveal the planet 's southern aurora , we were amazed to see it for the first time . ''
Why did we send an orbiter to Jupiter ?
Even though Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system , scientists know remarkably little about it .
Basic questions about the planet they 'd like to answer include :
Does Jupiter have a solid core ?
How does it generate such extreme levels of radiation ?
How did Jupiter form and evolve ?
Juno is equipped with nine scientific instruments , including sensors that can measure gravity , probe deep into Jupiter 's atmosphere , and test the planet 's magnetic fields , as well as various cameras to capture the planet across a range of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Jupiter is made up of the same basic ingredients as the sun — mainly hydrogen and helium . Scientists are hoping a close-up investigation of its surface can reveal some history of the origin of our solar system ( with 67 moons , Jupiter is like a mini solar system ) . And what 's more , the galaxy may be littered with other gas giants like Jupiter we have n't yet discovered .
Juno 's 1.7-billion-mile journey to Jupiter began in August 2011 . The GIF below traces the path Juno took on its journey . You 'll see that about two years into its flight , the orbiter passed back around the Earth for a gravity assist . That propelled Juno to around 165,000 mph , making it the fastest human-made object ever built , and gave it the energy to reach Jupiter within three years .
When Juno approached Jupiter , it hit the brakes and slowed to around 130,000 mph , a record speed for a craft being inserted into orbit .
What 's remarkable about Juno is how it avoids one huge problem of studying Jupiter : The planet 's circuitry frying radiation .
Just like Earth has a protective bubble of radiation ( a magnetosphere , which is what creates the aurora light shown around the poles ) , Jupiter has one too . But Jupiter 's is much , much more massive and more powerful . `` Its magnetic field extends so far into space that , if it glowed in visible light , Jupiter would appear to be twice the size of the full moon in our night sky , '' the New Yorker explains .
For Juno to get close to the surface of Jupiter , it had to sneak in where the magnetism is weakest : near the poles . Once inserted near the poles , Juno can orbit underneath the most intense areas of radiation and protect its sensitive electronics .
Here 's NASA 's visualization of the maneuver . It 's like threading a needle in the deep reaches of space .
Here 's an illustration of what that looks like from Juno 's perspective .
These pictures represent just the beginning of Juno 's exciting mission around Jupiter . There will be many more images , and many more scientific discoveries , to come .
The Pluto pics we waited 85 years to see
Image copyright AP Image caption Alix Tichelman , seen here in a photo from July , is a dual citizen of the US and Canada
A woman has been sentenced to six years in prison after pleading guilty to giving a Google executive a fatal overdose of heroin in California .
Alix Tichelman pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and drugs charges , which resulted in the 2013 death of Forrest Timothy Hayes .
Tichelman did not seek help for Hayes when they passed out after they injected them with heroin onboard their yacht .
Police say they were a prostitute and the pair had met on several occasions .
The plea on Tuesday came as part of a deal that included a reduced manslaughter charge .
Tichelman 's lawyer , Larry Biggam , said they expect their client to serve only three years . They will will receive credit for the time they have already served - nearly a year .
Mr Biggam said that Tichelman agreed to the plea deal in light of the evidence in the case .
Tichelman was seen in a surveillance video gathering their belongings , stepping over Hayes ' body , finishing a glass of wine and lowering a blind before leaving the yacht . Their body was discovered the next day .
They were arrested eight months later .
How the Protest Movement Destroyed Mizzou
RUSH : Now , I want to share with you a story from the Daily Wire : “ Two Years After Embracing Racial Protests , Mizzou Football Is A Dumpster Fire. ” Some people think that it 's “ hands up , do n't shoot. ” Some people think it 's police brutality , the cops are targeting innocent blacks purposely . Whether they believe “ hands up , do n't shoot ” or not , I guarantee you that the idea that the cops are targeting innocent blacks and shooting them as target practice , that 's what 's believed .
It is n't questioned . If one of the protesters thinks that 's what 's happening , then we must deal with that . Whether it 's right or wrong , even if it 's wrong , we are nevertheless to accept that they believe it because it has been true in the past . So no improvement that is ever made in America is allowed to count . No change for the better is allowed to count . It 's as though no progress has been made when what we see on television every Sunday is clear evidence that it has .
At any rate , James Barrett here at The Daily Wire . The subhead of the story : “ The team that helped ignite the football protest movement a lesson in what happens when politics eclipse sports. ” It 's a brief little history . “ When the Mizzou football team chose to embrace the racial protests gripping the campus in November 2015 , The New York Times cheered the players for ‘ lending heft ' to the activists ' cause . Two years later , the Times had to admit that all the hysteria and the administration 's decision to cave to it turned out to be exactly what many predicted it would be : an absolute ‘ disaster ' for the university . ”
How many of you remember this ? There were racial protests all over the campus . There were people telling stories . “ A cop shot me ! A cop took a shot at me , ” or whatever , and we had that professor who was bullying people around , and we had the wealthy son of a very successful St. Louis guy passing themselves off as a poor , beleaguered , downtrodden victim who was leading all these protests to high hell . And , of course , the pressure was brought to bear .
The football team was told it must support these protests . There must have been unity on campus for the protests — and the coach and the team went along with it . “ Freshmen enrollment dropped a stunning 35 % , forcing the school to shut down seven dorms and lay off over 400 employees . As for the football team , which saw millions in donations disappear overnight , well , it 's a full-fledged dumpster fire. ” There are so many dormitories empty at the University of Missouri , do you know what is happening now ?
People who want to go to Mizzou football games at Columbia are calling the university and asking to use those dorms as hotel rooms . And the University said : Fine . If you want to pay us to stay in the dorms overnight , pregame , fine with us . “ Following a brutal 2016 season , the Mizzou Tigers started this season getting torched by three of their four opponents . In 2016 , the year after letting the racial protests eclipse football , Mizzou had an abysmal season . They did n't even come close to getting a bowl berth .
“ As the once cheering Times was forced to acknowledge in July , the university that really got the campus racial protest movement going is now a lesson in what happens when an administration allows social justice activists to lay siege to an institution . In the fall of 2015 , a grassy quadrangle the center of the University of Missouri became known nationwide as the command center of an escalating protest . It was a moment of triumph for protesting students . It has been a disaster for the university . Black students were already a small minority at Mizzou . They were 10 % of the first-year student class in 2012 . They 're now just 6 % last fall . ”
So Mizzou is an early indicator of what happens when an organization — in this case , the University of Missouri ( in the case of NFL , professional football ) — gives itself over to the protest movement and allows it to rule the roost and define what happens . The University of Missouri is a ghost town now . It really is . The football team is decimated — and the NFL is embracing the national anthem protest movement almost to a T the way the University of Missouri football team embraced the protest movement on campus .
I think they even… I do n't know if they canceled a game . It was something critical that they did to show their solidarity . But the number of parents who want to send their kids there is way down . Empty dormitories . It 's a real-life lesson right in front of everybody .
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH : I 'll tell you , folks , what happened at the University of Missouri . I remember this now . More than 30 black football players in the Mizzou football team promised to boycott all football-related activities until the university president was removed from office . Their name was [ Tim ] Wolfe , and their crime was that their car ran into some protester , which turned out to be a lie . “ His car ran into a protester and they kept going ! They did n't care , ” and it was all a lie .
And when the players threatened to boycott the next game and all football-related activities , the administration caved and the coach caved and they got rid of the university president . And now the football team has kind of fallen on hard times . The university enrollment has fallen on hard times . The complaint was that the university president — their name is Wolfe — “ responded too slow to the various charges of racism on campus , ” most of which were made up ! But here 's what 's happening , folks , if you just want to boil this down to its essence .
Well , Wolfe resigned because it would have cost the university a million dollars if they had to forfeit a game . If the players had not shown up , if the players had boycotted — they were threatening to — it would have cost them a million dollars . So the university president resigned . I mean , they totally caved . This is… Folks , it 's right there where all of this is could potentially be headed .
Hi Readers — Just as we were rejoicing about sanity across the sea ( see below , regarding Britain 's re-evaluation of its excessive background checks ) , comes this story , from The Express :
A MOTHER who left their son of 14 to mind their three-year-old brother while they went to the shops was given a police caution for “ cruelty ” and was suspended from work . …Although there was no “ incident ” and they were not believed to be in danger , the mother was cautioned by officers for “ committing an act of cruelty on a child or young person . ”
You want cruelty ? How about the cruelty of treating a mom like a criminal for knowing their son is a responsible young man ? How about the cruelty of making a mom unemployable ? How about the cruelty to all their fellow citizens who maybe even remember BABYSITTING at age 11 or 12 , but now feel compelled to treat their own teens like imbeciles ? Or the cruelty to young adults who want to do something in the world besides playing videogames , but are being told , “ No ! You are a baby yourself ! ”
This is positively stunting to children , and shackling to adults , who are apparently never allowed to leave their children 's side till the kids go off to college .
Remember when the rallying cry for a generation was , “ Never trust anyone over 30 ” ? Now it 's , “ Never trust anyone UNDER 30. ” Or at least under age 16 — the minimum age England 's National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children recommends babysitters be . ( It also says kids should be 14 before they are allowed to stay home alone ! )
This idea that teens are unable to take care of kids for even half an hour flies smack in the face of evolution , which has spent the past 300,000 years or so making teenage Homo sapiens into parents . And somehow the species arrived at today . Glorious today , when we treat young children as infinitely endangered , and older kids as dangerously inept . — Lenore
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Renowned artist Grayson Perry has made four short films for Channel 4 exploring gender identity .
The Turner Prize winner has long been candid about their fluid gender identity , cross-dressing and exploring female alter-ego “ Claire ” .
The artist this week stars in a four-part series ‘ Born Risky : Grayson Perry ' , which are available online now and will be broadcast on Channel 4 at 11 PM tonight .
In the first film , Grayson talks about their early ventures into cross-dressing as a boy , and their journey to becoming the person and artist they are today .
The remaining three films feature Grayson meeting trans people who have different concepts of gender identity but all take great risks to be themselves .
The first is transgender model Tschan , 24 , who returns to Brixton where they were bullied when younger .
The second is Geoff , 66 , a transvestite truck driver who has opened ‘ Tina 's Hotel ' , a haven for other transvestites at their Essex home .
The third person Grayson meets is EJ , 42 , a transgender fashion historian who is now comfortable in their male identity – but who bravely wears a dress for the first time in 30 years to challenge traditional gender stereotypes .
Grayson Perry said : “ I am very proud to be part of Born Risky it was fascinating , fun and a privilege to meet and work with three such brave , tender souls .
“ If just one viewer feels more confident to live the gender they feel driven to live then we would have done our job , but I 'm sure these lovely films will do much better than that . ”
Dan Brooke , Channel 4 's Chief Marketing and Communications Officer , said : “ Championing alternative voices is at the heart of Channel 4 's remit and this project perfectly encapsulates the spirit of our Born Risky ethos as well as our commitment to reflecting Britain in all its diversity .
“ These inspiring stories have been brilliantly brought to life by Grayson , offering an important insight into the transgender world . ”
John Allison and Chris Bovill of 4creative , said : “ Nobody embodies the Channel 4 brand values quite like Grayson .
“ In a world where hate crime is rising Channel 4 's role to challenge the status quo is even more crucial .
“ All the credit goes to Tschan , Geoff and EJ for being so open and brave . Along with their ‘ fairy Godmother ' Grayson they 've made some incredibly important , moving and totally gorgeous films . ”
Born Risky : Grayson Perry will be available to watch on All 4 and on Channel 4 's Facebook and Twitter platforms today .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teenager died after plunging 60 ft onto jagged rocks as they tried to take a ‘ selfie ' .
Italian Isabella Fracchiolla , 16 , was trying to take a photograph of themselves on the seafront during a school trip to the seaside town of Taranto , in south-eastern Italy .
The schoolgirl , who suffered multiple injuries , was rushed to hospital where they underwent a major operation , but doctors were unable to save their lives .
The craze for ‘ selfies ' has gained global popularity and has fans as wide ranging as Pope Francis and Ellen de Generes .
But experts have warned people are increasingly putting themselves at risk as they try to take more spectacular and risky self portraits to outdo their friends .
In April a 17-year-old Russian girl fell 30 feet to their death after climbing onto a railway bridge and getting electrocuted by live wires .
The same month a 32-year-old woman in South Carolina , who was posting selfies online as they drove , died when they crashed their car head-on into a truck .
Earlier this year a 21-year-old man in Spain was killed by a 3,500 volt electric shock after climbing on top of a train .
2012 Senior Bowl Roster- Confirmed Skill Position Invites
Alex Dunlap , Rosterwatch.com
The Senior Bowl has not officially posted their 2012 roster , but as part of our coverage leading up to Senior Bowl Week in Mobile , here we keep an eye on confirmed skill position invites so far . If you know of a QB , RB , WR or TE not listed here who has indeed been invited , please post in the comments section along with link to reputable source .
QBs
Kellen Moore , Boise State
Photo Credit
Russell Wilson , Wisconsin
Photo Credit
Ryan Tannehill , Texas A & M
( Will not play due to foot injury )
Photo Credit
Nick Foles , Arizona
Photo Credit
Kirk Cousins , Michigan State
Photo Credit
Brandon Weeden , Oklahoma State
Photo Credit
Ryan Lindley , San Diego State
Photo Credit
RBs
Doug Martin , Boise State
Photo Credit
Isiah Pead , Cincinnati
Photo Credit
Vick Ballard , Mississippi State
Photo Credit
Terrance Ganaway , Baylor
Photo Credit
Chris Polk , Washington
Photo Credit
Chris Rainey , Florida
Photo Credit
Cyrus Gray , Texas A & M
Photo Credit
Daniel “ Boom ” Herron , Ohio State
Photo Credit
Bradie Ewing ( RB/FB ) Wisconsin
Photo Credit
WRs
Rishard Matthews , Nevada
Photo Credit
Nick Toon , Wisconsin
Photo Credit
Brian Quick , Appalachian State
Photo Credit
T.Y . Hilton , Florida International
Photo Credit
Marquis Maze , Alabama
Photo Credit
Jeff Fuller , Texas A & M
Photo Credit
Kendall Wright , Baylor
Photo Credit
Joe Adams , Arkansas
Photo Credit
Devier Posey , Ohio State
Photo Credit
Marvin McNutt , Iowa
Photo Credit
Dwight Jones , North Carolina
Photo Credit
T.J. Graham , NC State
Photo Credit
Gerrell Robinson , Arizona State
Photo Credit
TEs
Ladarius Green , Louisiana-Lafayette
Photo Credit
Brian Linthicum , Michigan State
Photo Credit
Michael Egnew , Missouri
Photo Credit
Denagelo Peterson , LSU
Photo Credit
Brad Smelley , Alabama
Photo Credit
Apple is always filing patents for strange and fantastic things that never seem to find their way into actual products . But an application published today details some interesting tech that we could actually see getting jammed into a future iPhone ( for better or worse ) . By pairing an infrared sensor with the camera already on board , portable devices could receive data from transmitters placed , well , wherever . Beyond simply blasting out text and opening links like a glorified QR code , transmitters could disable certain features , such as the camera , to prevent recording at movie theaters and music venues . If completely shutting off the cam seems a bit heavy-handed , watermarks can also be applied to photos identifying businesses or copyrighted content . Some potential uses are a little less Big Brother , like museums beaming information about exhibits to a user 's or launching an audio tour . Obviously third parties would have to get behind the IR push and there 's no guarantee that Apple will put this in a future iProduct . Still , we 're a little worried that the days of blurry YouTube concert videos may be coming to an end .
There is only one cosmic phenomenon that could generate this seemingly red ring of fire around Earth :
Screen grab from Universe Odyssey on YouTube The answer : A total lunar eclipse , like the one happening this month on Sept. 27 . Read on to learn what this red ring really is and why it 's important .
Thanks to this incredible animation by NASA 's Scientific Visualization Studio , you can see what this month 's total lunar eclipse will look like from a vantage point unlike any other : the moon .
If there were human colonies on the moon , this would be their version of a total solar eclipse . The difference is that instead of the moon eclipsing the sun , it 's the Earth eclipsing the sun :
Universe Odyssey on YouTube Although you 're standing on the moon in the animation above witnessing a solar eclipse , you can still pick out the different stages of the lunar eclipse that your fellow Earthlings will see .
During a total lunar eclipse , the moon passes completely through Earth 's shadow , which has two parts : the penumbra and umbra , labeled below :
Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum Earth 's umbra , which is Latin for `` shadow , '' is the place in space where no light can reach . So , when the moon starts to pass through the umbra , it seems to disappear from view , like so :
James Badger on Flickr And if you 're on the moon when this happens , you will be engulfed in shadow , like in the GIF below :
Universe Odyssey on YouTube As more of the moon enters Earth 's umbra , however , people on Earth will see it reappear but instead of its regular white glow it will grow a deep , sometimes blood-like red hue . Below is a photo that Bill Young took of the blood moon — as it is sometimes called — during last October 's lunar eclipse :
Bill Young The moon turns red because Earth 's atmosphere is refracting , or bending the sun 's light in the moon 's direction . And because blue light scatters more than red light , it is the red light that reaches the moon 's surface , reflects back , and enters our eyes .
If the Earth had no atmosphere , the moon would turn black instead of red during a total lunar eclipse .
A red ring of fire
But if you were standing on the moon at this time what would you see ?
The Earth itself does not turn red . Instead you would see a red ring of fire encircle the Earth . This is the atmosphere 's light-bending in action .
What 's more , this red ring is every single sunset and sunrise on Earth — at that moment — in one breath-taking shot because it 's the light from the sun that 's passing just below and above Earth 's horizons , as it does during a sunset and sunrise ( note how the lunar surface is n't black but red from the refracted sunlight ) :
Screen grab from Universe Odyssey on YouTube The same time that a Lunarian ( moon-person ) saw a total eclipse of the sun , Earthlings would see a total eclipse of the moon .
But there is one important difference for Lunarians : As long as you 're on the Earth-facing side of the moon , you will see the total solar eclipse no matter where you 're standing .
Anyone who enjoys solar eclipses on Earth , knows that this is not the case for Earthlings . That 's because , during a solar eclipse on Earth , the moon 's much smaller shadow only casts over a tiny portion of Earth , which is why it 's an extremely rare treat to witness a total eclipse of the sun even once in a lifetime .
Stay tuned for more details on how to watch this month 's total lunar eclipse .
Check it the full video on NASA 's Scientific Visualization Studio or below :
One hundred years from now , when scholars analyze the rise and fall of our dynasty , the NFL might be considered America 's greatest invention , the cultural and economic force that should 've been our guide to 200 more years of global domination .
Article continues below ...
If only Pete Rozelle had been our president rather than the architect of the modern-day national pastime , Americans would understand the value of restraints on capitalism , revenue sharing and a system that strengthens the poor .
The NFL — with its salary cap , sharing of TV revenue , emphasis on teams over individuals while making room for superstars , last-shall-be-first , entrants-must-play-three-years-in-college draft and a free-agent system that allows franchises to retain their marquee players — is the perfect blend of capitalism and socialism .
We 've been worshipping a false savior , Tim Tebow . The NFL provides us a road map to salvation . Sunday , if you were listening and watching closely , you witnessed the league preach a sinners-to-saints sermon that had Pat Robertson and T.D . Jakes green with collection-plate envy .
I caught the holy ghost and began speaking in parlays at the Light of the World First Missionary Baptist MGM Grand Casino Sportsbook shortly after the Chiefs carried a 6-0 lead into halftime against the unbeaten , defending world champion Green Bay Packers .
Any given Sunday , indeed .
The Packers lost to the Chiefs . The Colts snapped their season-long losing streak , beating the Tennessee Titans . Tom Brady stomped Tebowmania . The Dream Team drilled the Jets and looked like Super Bowl contenders again . Ndamukong Suh blocked a would-be game-winning field goal . The Seahawks crushed the Bears . The Chargers slapped 34 points on Ray-ven Lewis . Reggie Bush rushed for 200 yards . Oops , Cam Newton did it again . Eli Manning stunk .
Sunday was awesome , and I did n't win a dime .
What 's better than the NFL ? Seriously .
With two weeks left in the regular season , I can count 16 teams ( in no particular order ) that believe , with the right breaks , they can win the Super Bowl : 1 . Packers ; 2 . Steelers ; 3 . Saints ; 4 . Patriots ; 5 . Falcons ; 6 . Chargers ; 7 . Lions ; 8 . Texans ; 9 . Cowboys ; 10 . Giants ; 11 . Eagles ; 12 . Jets ; 13 . Ravens ; 14 . Bengals ; 15 . Broncos ; 16 . 49ers .
In addition , I can count another 10 teams that believe they 're doing the right things to contend next season : 1 . Colts ; 2 . Chiefs ; 3 . Seahawks ; 4 . Panthers ; 5 . Bears ; 6 . Dolphins ; 7 . Titans ; 8 . Raiders ; 9 . Cardinals ; 10 . Redskins .
President Obama wishes they sold “ hope ” as effectively as the NFL .
Damn near the entire league believes it 's a year away from winning the whole thing . And it 's not false hope . It 's the NFL . In the 45-year history of the Super Bowl , only the Jaguars , Texans , Browns and Lions have n't played in America 's greatest sports showcase . The NBA has anxiety attacks when the Lakers or Celtics do n't qualify for the Finals . Major League Baseball depends on the Yankees and Red Sox . Golf is nothing without Tiger Woods atop the leaderboard .
Last week , the sports world was in an uproar because NBA commissioner David Stern vetoed a trade of Chris Paul to the Lakers . This was a tragedy . How dare the commissioner block a superstar from joining the Lakers and moving to Los Angeles ? A compromise was reached . Stern traded Paul to the Clippers . In the NBA , the big stars all want to play in big markets .
Meanwhile , two of the greatest defensive players in NFL history — Reggie White and Charles Woodson — chose to play in Green Bay , Wis. Peyton Manning , without complaint , has spent their entire career in Naptown . The same city Paul escaped from is home to Drew Brees .
NFL players manage to cope with a system that requires them to basically spend three years in college developing a fan base they 'll bring to the NFL . That is not written in support of the NCAA 's exploitive free-labor agreement with football and basketball players . It 's written to explain there are advantages to players staying in school and to suggest the NBA would be wise to figure out a way to financially incentivize its future players to stay in school .
Football is not the superior game . It has the superior system . It favors strengthening the whole league while leaving incentive for the individual parts to pursue greatness . You can get filthy rich playing in the NFL and become an advertising/endorsement icon ( Peyton Manning ) . You can build a dynasty ( Bill Belichick ) . You can shower yourself in excess ( Jerry Jones and their stadium ) .
You can mix unfettered capitalism with some socialism restraints without harming democracy . America could be the NFL .
Nowadays one can not escape the myriad of talent lacing the Bundesliga . There is an unrivaled number of up-and-coming and established young talent just about everywhere you look . Whether it is Thomas Müller , Toni Kroos , Jerome Boateng , Holget Badstuber at Bayern Munich , Mario Götze , Kevin Grosskreutz , Shinji Kagawa , Mats Hummels , Moritz Leitner , Sven Bender , Ilkay Gündogan , Ivan Perisic and Robert Lewandowski at Borussia Dortmund or Lars Bender , Sidney Sam and Andre Schürrle at Leverkusen and Lewis Holtby , Benedikt Höwedes and Julian Draxler at Schalke , there is simply no shortage of talent in the Bundesliga . One can claim with a good degree of certainty that they have all displayed the potential to become true World Class stars and many of them have already established themselves as regular internationals with others continuing to challenge for their spots .
This new generation of talent has continued to flourish into the new season and add to the league 's burgeoning young and talent-laden reputation . The last two seasons have seen the rise of some of Europe 's finest . 2009/10 saw Mesut Özil take the next step and distinguish themselves while last season it was Mario Götze who made their mark as a player to watch . This year is no different and as the Hinrunde is coming to a close several of those young players have continued to distinguished from all others but one player has stood above the rest and is increasingly becoming this year 's hot property , namely , Marco Reus . The Borussia Mönchengladbach star 's rise is not an unexpected one – rather it has been in the making for nearly two years now . What makes Reus a special player is quite different than what set Götze and Özil apart . Quite simply , there is nobody else in the league who can play the role Reus does or have the combined abilities they do . Whereas the influx of playmakers , central midfielders and wide-forwards in the league has been excellent , Marco Reus stands out as the most unique of all .
Reus on the rise
To understand Reus ' ascent we also have to understand the trajectory of their clubs . Originally from Dortmund , Reus played for hometown side Post SV Dortmund before making the jump to the Borussia Dortmund youth side where they played until they left for Rot-Wiess Ahlen 's U-19 . It was there where they would first make a name for themselves as a professional footballer . Originally played as an attacking midfielder and then later placed out wide they worked their way up to the first team until impressive displays in the 2 . Bundesliga in 2008/2009 got them a four year contract with Borussia Mönchengladbach . There it took just three matches for them to get their first goal for the club in an amazing 50+ meter solo run . Under Michael Frontzeck they wasused as a winger but they showed a clear nose for goal finishing the 2009/2010 season with 11 goals and 4 assists . Gladbach meanwhile finished in 12th place .
Halfway through the following season though the club found itself in the precarious position of battling the drop . Frontzeck was dismissed and it was up to new coach Lucien Favre to turn the fortunes of the club around . With only 16 points from 22 matches they had a seemingly impossible task , one that was never matched in the history of the league . But the Swiss coach managed the greatest escape in Bundesliga history . In the remaining fourteen matches the club picked up twenty points including winning three of their last four matches against the likes of Hannover and Borussia Dortmund , consequently finishing in 16th place which sent them to the relegation play-off against 2.Bundesliga side Bochum . Favre put their faith in Reus when they most needed them and that trust was repaid ten times over . They excelled under this extreme pressure , scoring four times in the last six matches as well as the decisive goal that saw Gladbach beat Bochum and retain a position in the Bundesliga . Reus finished the season as one of the league 's best players with 12 goals and 10 assists , all while largely playing as a winger for a side fighting relegation .
Favre 's importance to Gladbach can not be understated but neither can Reus 's importance .
Since taking on the job , Favre instilled a strong defensive approach without sacrificing any of the attacking play . They encouraged Reus to play out wide but gave them carte blanche to cut in and take part in Gladbach 's scoring . This season Favre went a step further . They re-structured the side around Reus and has instructed them to play centrally . This is where Reus truly began to shine and it is a strong testament to just how versatile and gifted a player they are . So far this season with just 13 matches gone they have already amassed 11 goals and 4 assists .
Reus the False 9 and the False 10
Trends in football come and go . Apropos now is the 4-2-3-1 where specialized players have evolved to suit the formation . One such position is something akin to the ‘ False 10 ' role typified last summer by the likes of Holland 's Wesley Sneijder or Germany 's Mesut Özil . Players who are instinctively playmakers but play extremely close to the strikers , almost assupporting strikers but not quite . Other formations including Barcelona 's 4-3-3 have yielded ‘ False 9 's ' – strikers who really do n't fit the mold of traditional forwards and are equally creative as well as excellent scorers . Messi and Rooney are players who have played in this position in recent years .
Germany 's general lack of tactical innovation ( or unwillingness to make big alterations to their systems ) always sees the league catch up to modern trends slightly late relative to other leagues . Most Bundesliga sides are more conservative in their approach , having just recently begun to utilize the standard 4-2-3-1 formations and others still sticking with the more traditional 4-4-2 . With the recent restructuring of the academy system throughout the country and a greater focus on individual technique though , the Bundesliga has been and continues to produce more talent suited to the modern 4-2-3-1 . Its ' central midfielders are more than just standard harassers and destroyers but have the necessary finesse and smarts to rival the best in the World . The Bender brothers , Holtby , Kroos , Gündogan , Leitner , and Sahin are all perfect examples . Its ' attacking wide players are just as impressive with the likes of Schürrle , Herrmann , and Müller all capable of playing out wide , scoring , cutting in , and interchanging fluently . Even Germany 's central defenders hold similar traits with regard to their overall game intelligence and versatility . What sets Reus apart from the rest however is not only that they encapsulate all the asupervisorstioned traits but also represents the next stage in the evolution of the tactical game . They can be a wing-forward who can easily start out wide and perform its ' primary function . They can just as easily play off the striker as they have done for most of the season but more impressive is their ability to play in the ‘ false nine ' role and it is in this regard that they are in a category all their own within the Bundesliga . No other players have the collective ability or have shown to be able to play this role to the extent Marco Reus has .
Gladbach play with a loose 4-2-3-1 formation . Hanke spearheads the attack with Herrmann and Arrango as the two wide players and Reus just behind in the same role Özil occupies for the National Team . Their role here is more advanced . Gladbach however change their shape throughout the course of a match . Hanke drops allowing Reus to push up . Meanwhile the two wide players have license to interchange and push forward as well . Both were instrumental in all the goals Gladbach scored against Bremen . Essentially what the shape becomes is more of a 4-2-1-3 in which there are three advanced players attacking the goal and one player behind them to orchestrate . Sometimes that 's Reus , sometimes Arango and sometimes even Hanke , depending on the opponent . It 's this interchangeability that has allowed Favre 's Gladbach to thrive and why it 's so difficult for opponents to deal with .
Like most false nines , Reus starts deeper with the synergy of the players around him , assumes the most advanced role as they push forward . In effect , Reus plays a dual role . When Hanke is the most advanced player , Reus is the playmaker or False 10 because they simultaneously sit outside the box and feeds the channels as well as pushes forward when there are gaps to get at the end of balls . When Hanke drops Reus plays a similar role to Messi , being the most advanced player but choosing their runs thus making it incredibly difficult for Bundesliga players to predict their movement let alone stop it .
Reus ' goal output has surely increased due to their new positional responsibilities but it is simply because it has always been an inherent part of their game – they are the complete attacking player . Like a Rooney or Messi , they are the ideal foil for wing-forwards who cut into the middle or look to play the channels that are created by Reus . Moreover they are the ideal player for an Özil or Götze who like to drop off and anticipate runs .
In the context of the National Team , their inclusion immediately begs the question whether it is entirely necessary to include a third striker to cover for Klose and Gomez , [ in this case Cacau ] when Reus is available and can readily assume that role . In a recent friendly Löw introduced Reus but played them on the right wing instead – perhaps an indicator of what the manager has in store for him . Suffice to say , Reus certainly gives Löw the option to experiment like they did in the Ukraine match which indicates that the manager may be more liberal in toying with their tactics than most think . More importantly if Reus continues their fine form , Löw wo n't have a choice but to include him .
You demanded it and now Marvel has given it to you : Team Thor are together again and more hilarious than ever !
It 's been a while since we caught up with everyone 's favourite God of Thunder ( Chris Hemsworth ) and their depressed Aussie roommate Darryl in a Marvel One Shot last year - but they 've been up to all sorts of hijinks ever since .
For example , Thor is now trying to pay their rent with pumpkins and Asgardian coins while flexing their muscles at every opportunity ( as usual ) . Darryl… well , Darryl is honestly just trying to keep their sanity living with Thor .
All of that kooky superhero humour is just a preview of Team Thor Part 2 , which you can watch in full as part of the digital and Blu-ray release of Marvel 's Doctor Strange .
It 's a sequel to the original Team Thor short , which premiered at San Diego Comic-Con International last summer and featured Thor kicking back in Australia with Darryl while their Marvel bros were battling in Captain America : Civil War .
However , we 'd warn you not to expect a lot of Aussie-based comedy in the upcoming Thor : Ragnarok , since very little of the Marvel sequel will actually take place on Earth .
`` The upcoming movies will be as much up [ in space ] as they are on Earth , starting with not Spider-Man , starting with Thor : Ragnarok , '' Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige recently revealed . `` There are three scenes on Earth in Thor : Ragnarok .
`` Everything else is Asgard and - not all of these worlds but - worlds that certainly ... let 's put it this way , in Thor lingo , it 's beyond the nine realms .
`` There are other planets that we spend a lot of time on in Thor : Ragnarok that certainly people would say , 'Oh , that 's sort of like the Guardians world ' , but they 're just other areas of the Marvel cosmos universe . ''
Thor did definitely visit earth - New York City , in fact - to set up the events of the movie . In a Doctor Strange post-credits scene , the all-powerful Asgardian visited the mystic doctor 's Sanctum to ask for their help in finding the missing Odin ( Sir Anthony Hopkins ) .
Doctor Strange subsequently agrees to join forces with Thor and their brother Loki ( Tom Hiddleston ) on their mystic vision quest , which will see Thor encounter their old Avengers chum Hulk ( Mark Ruffalo ) under less-than-friendly circumstances . No word yet on if Darryl will tag along too .
Marvel Studios
Thor : Ragnarok hits UK cinemas on October 27 and the US on November 3 . Watch star Jeff Goldblum chat with Digital Spy below :
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment and tech news ? Just hit 'Like ' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow ' on our @ digitalspy Twitter account and you 're all set .
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism , politics , and pop culture . Come for the politics , stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S . and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits .
The latest feminist to write an incredibly satisfying pan of Naomi Wolf 's new Vagina book is Lindsay Beyerstein , and I have special affection for Lindsay 's because they take a crack at The Beauty Myth , which is a book that I thought I was alone in feeling was kind of hackish and uninspired when I read it way back in college . ( Indeed , it turns out that Wolf played loose with the facts then , too , botching a bunch of facts about anorexia . ) Lindsay points out that Wolf is basically mining the same ground as the anti-feminist right now , with a mix of religious blather and evo psych-grounded biological determinism . Wolf spends a lot of time piling up fantastical rationalizations for what amounts to a belief that because vaginas fit over penises so very nicely , every woman has a deep , biological , dependent need to have a penis on hand—one that 's attached to a man—at all times . They are very contemptuous of vibrators or anything that gets away from their PIV-oriented model of how women should get off , a model that includes candles and being called “ Goddess ” and roses , some of which are things that would shut down many entirely pro-sex women .
But Wolf basically thinks said women are self-deluded , because Biology Says So . Of course , not actual biology , which tends to be opinion-free on the necessity of roses and candles for female orgasm , but evolutionary psychology , which is such a loose “ science ” that Wolf themselves feels free to count themselves amongst its members . As they should , because evolutionary psychology is simply a matter of preferring one human behavior over another , declaring that this is what Nature Intended , making up a just so story about how it evolved , ignoring countervailing evidence or theories , and telling people that because we evolved in a way that you just made up , we are required to act in the way you demand . As you can imagine , proponents of this kind of bullshit often butt up against each other , as is the case with Wolf and evo psych idiots who got into it because they 're frustrated Nice Guys® :
They argue that the elusive and unreliable female orgasm is really a screening mechanism to separate attentive mates from jerks . This is in stark contrast with another branch of pop Ev Psych that insists the world is overrun with jerks because women are hardwired to crave their sperm .
Of course , as Hanna Rosin pointed out on the latest Double X podcast , observing a behavior you prefer and declaring that it 's the One True Way and that everyone who goes against it is Denying Their Instincts * has become the lingua franca of our time , and that every other book and article of pop social critique engages in the assumption that because some or many people want something , that desire must be genetic in origin .
She 's right in this observation , though they seemed untroubled by it , and I find the whole situation infuriating . Casually redefining all sorts of behaviors that are often clearly socially constructed * * as genetic in origin is a serious problem , for the reasons Lindsay lays out . More often than not , it 's used to bully people who reject the old social hierarchies or refuse to conform to some social expectation , and creates excuses for continuing inequality . A lot of people who perpetuate it clearly have nefarious intentions , whether it 's a matter of trying to bully women into lowering their standards for a mate or , in some really ugly cases , making apologies for sexual violence . But this sort of making-shit-up biological determinism has a lot of power generally in our culture , to the point where a lot of people who generally mean well just take for granted that certain things must be genetic in origin , even though it does n't really make sense .
Like , for instance , the concept of the “ biological clock ” , which is an invention of the late 20th century . I 'm surprised how often it seems that people believe that women have some sort of deep need to procreate , a need that is separate and unique from the urge to fuck . If you think about that for even a second , it makes exactly no sense , as reliable contraception has really only been with us for what amounts to a second in evolutionary terms . And yet , if a woman strongly wants children , it 's assumed that some hormone is coursing through body and turning on the Baby Desire buttons . Which , in turn , causes people to assume that women who do n't want children , like myself , are somehow unnatural or we just have n't had that button pushed yet .
I believe the reason that we 've taken to ascribing every urge , from wanting babies to even—and yes , there are evo psych claims about this—wanting to go shopping to some deep biological and genetic need is perversely because of the American cult of rugged individualism . We all like to imagine we 're special snowflakes and that our choices and desires are not shaped by social forces . You see this ridiculous belief in everything from libertarianism to “ choice feminism ” , where women throw a fit and say that they freely chose to stay at home/shave their legs/take their husband 's name , and feminists who say that these choices were shaped by a patriarchy are meanie bears that do n't understand that they came to these socially conforming behaviors through a unique and totally independent thought process that was in no way reflective of larger cultural pressures . For some buttfuck reason , Americans have absorbed ( oh irony ) this belief that admitting that culture shapes your desires somehow makes you a weak and insipid person .
Because we collectively refuse to admit that culture shapes our desires , therefore , we 've ( oh irony ) settled on biological determinism as a way to explain the desires that are obviously happening . So , in order to preserve our sense of independence from each other , we 've decided instead to construct ourselves as enslaved by our biology . Naomi Wolf can not accept that their love-neediness might be a product of culture , because that would interfere with their image of themselves as someone who rises above such concerns . So instead , they declare that women are dependent on men for validation as a product of evolution . Evo psych idiots do n't want to admit that their desire to be able to screw around while expecting their female partners to stay faithful is a product of a culture that has instilled male entitlement in them , so instead they blame biology . And so on and so forth .
The good news is I think this cult of rugged individualism is fading away , and younger generations seem to be much more accepting of the possibility that our desires are generally social in origin , and that 's okay . In fact , that 's a good thing . After all , if society is teaching something that is hurting us , we can get together and start changing our culture so that society teaches something else . It 's hard work ! We do n't shake off culturally ingrained desires as easily as we 'd hope . But it is doable . Perhaps that 's what scares reactionaries who lean on evo psych most of all .
* Ever tried denying an instinct , such as eating when hungry or peeing when your bladder is full ? Or even being horny ? It is true that one can do it , but it 's not easy and the appetite you 're not feeding tends to weigh heavily on your mind . The notion that people mindlessly defy their hardwired instincts because a political movement tells them to is laughable .
* * Requiring roses and candlelight for orgasm comes to mind .
A SCHOOL was forced into lockdown after a crazed Justin Bieber fan allegedly broke in and demanded to sing the pop star 's hits .
HANDOUT•GETTY WANNABE : D'laontie Lee Lewis allegedly demanded to sing Bieber hits
The school was shut for about 30 minutes yesterday after D'laontie Lee Lewis stormed the building , according to reports . The man apparently told office staff they wanted to sing Bieber 's hit As Long As You Love Me over the school 's intercom . The dance track – featuring rapper Big Sean , 27 – was a worldwide smash in 2012 .
IG CHARGED : The Bieber fan was arrested twice yesterday
“ He asked and I told them they could not do that ” Amon Gilliam Headteacher Amon Gilliam said : `` He asked and I told them they could not do that . They were visibly upset . '' And school security official Keith Vititoe described the incident as `` strange '' . They said Lee Lewis was `` an African-American man , about 6 ' 2 '' , and they were wearing a blond wig . They were obviously mentally ill. '' They were arrested by cops in Dunbar , West Virginia – a city about seven miles west of Charleston – for cannabis possession , officers said . Lee Lewis was also rushed to a nearby hospital .
GETTY TRIM : Justin unveiled their new haircut last month
Troy Smith , the 2006 Heisman Trophy winner and former communications major at Ohio State , was arrested overnight Sunday on suspicion of being intoxicated behind the wheel and on certainty of being a consummate fuckup during a traffic stop .
TMZ has the video from the dash cam of the suburban Columbus cops who pulled over the 31-year-old erstwhile Ravens and 49ers QB . The attending officer sounds like quite a reasonable sort , the kind you 'd like to have pulling you over at 2:38 a.m. on a Sunday morning when your car apparently smells of pot . Smith , who police say had two blunts in the dash and a blood alcohol level of 0.143 , well over the legal limit of 0.08 , did n't exactly talk their way out of the arrest .
Asked how he 's doing : “ I 'm officer , sir . I 'm officer . ”
Asked their highest level of education : “ My name is Troy Smith . I graduated from Ohio State with a degree in bachelors . ”
Advertisement
Asked to recite the alphabet from C to W : “ C . D. E. F. G. H. I . [ sigh ] [ infinite pause ] ”
Troy Smith used to be very good at football . Which is why it 's tough seeing them like this , having to fall back on a bullshit degree .
REPORT : 2016 Is the Most Dangerous Year for Transgender Americans
The data from the Human Rights Campaign paints a stark picture for trans people : of the more than 175 new anti-LGBT pieces of legislation nationwide , 44 targets the transgender community .
Transgender people are under attack like never before with more than three dozen proposed new laws across 16 states , according to a new report by the Human Rights Campaign .
“ This deeply disturbing trend is a stark reminder of just how vicious and deplorable opponents of equality are in their relentless attacks against our community , ” said HRC President Chad Griffin in a statement emailed to The Advocate .
In all , HRC counts 44 bills targeting transgender people are in the works in 16 states . That 's more than twice as many as were introduced in all of 2015 , and nearly two dozen of the measures focus on trans students .
HRC called the anti-trans legislation “ unprecedented , ” “ harmful ” and “ alarming. ” According to a release accompanying the report , some bills seek to make it harder for trans people to access gender-affirming health care , others deny trans people access to bathrooms , locker rooms , and athletic teams that align with their gender identity .
And they are just a portion of what HRC called “ a stunning surge of more than 175 anti-LGBT bills in 32 states this year . ”
“ HRC will continue to work with our state and national partners to vigorously oppose and work to defeat legislation that threatens the fundamental human rights of transgender people , ” vowed Griffin in the statement . “ As we work to defeat these discriminatory bills , we will also continue our efforts to advance critically-needed protections at the state , local , and ultimately the federal level for LGBT people all across this country . ”
Last year , anti-LGBT lawmakers introduced at least 125 bills across the country . Of those , 21 specifically targeted trans people , and through the efforts of HRC and other activists , none became law .
Right now , South Dakota is on the verge of becoming the first state in the nation to prevent trans students from using restrooms and other facilities in public schools that are consistent with their gender identity . All it will take is the signature of Gov . Dennis Daugaard , who has promised to meet with activists and allies this week before signing the bill , which appears likely given they are also meeting with some of the bill 's sponsors .
And while it may be the first , South Dakota is hardly alone . Other pending bills would deny transgender people equal access to restrooms in public places , “ from the coffee shop to city hall , ” according to HRC . The organization reports that nearly one-third of the anti-so-called “ bathroom bills ” would apply to multi-user restrooms , locker rooms and similar facilities statewide in dozens of places . and violating the law , if passed , could lead to criminal prosecution of transgender people just for using restrooms that match their identity .
In addition , Georgia is paving the way in a movement to push First Amendment Defense Act ( FADA ) bills which would legalize discrimination against trans people . A measure approved by the Georgia senate last week is to be considered in the Georgia House of Representatives this week , and would explicitly permit publicly-funded programs to refuse service on the basis of “ sincerely-held religious beliefs ” that a person 's gender is determined by their anatomy at the time of birth .
Other states are considering measures that prevent transgender people from changing their gender marker on their birth certificates , from legally getting married and from accessing medically-necessary care .
These developments were eerily foreshadowed in a report last summer in The Advocate , titled `` Necessary But Dangerous , '' in which the advent of marriage equality was seen as a potential catalyst to ramped-up discrimination against the transgender community .
Read the full report here .
The Peronist leader , whose party has been in power since 2003 , is tipped to grab 55 % of votes in the first round
Depending on who you speak to , Argentina is about to enter either a glorious era of people 's rule or a dark chasm of authoritarianism . Cristina Kirchner , one half of the tandem that led Argentina out of economic chaos and back to growth , is heading for a landslide victory in Sunday 's presidential election . A win would earn an unprecedented third term for a faction that has governed Argentina since 2003 .
Critics and supporters agree that `` Queen Cristina '' , as they are often referred to in the press , will emerge as the undisputed leader of a country where political opposition has for all practical purposes become absent .
`` We are moving towards a single-party state with infinite re-elections , '' says Sylvina Walger , a journalist who recently published a bestselling and extremely critical biography of the president , entitled simply Cristina .
Kirchner , predicted to win around 55 % in Sunday 's first-round vote , is so ubiquitous here that they enjoy a first-name recognition comparable to that of Evita , or Eva Perón , the legendary wife of Juan Perón , who in 1946 founded the Peronist party that President Kirchner belongs to .
Like Evita , who died of cancer in 1952 at the age of 33 , Kirchner 's massive popularity is partly based on a verbal war against a privileged social class held to be guilty of thwarting the prosperity of workers . But , unlike Evita , whose official status never rose above First Lady , Kirchner went from being a senator during the presidency of their husband , Néstor , to becoming the first elected female president of Argentina in 2007 .
`` She is better at communicating with the people than their opponents , '' says Horacio Verbitsky , columnist for the pro-Kirchner daily Pagina/12 , who meets the president regularly . `` Néstor Kirchner used to say to me that they would prove even more capable than they had been , and they were right . ''
But not everyone is so convinced of their abilities . Rivals , such as the leftist candidate Hermes Binner of the Socialist Progressive Front , warn that the global financial crisis will start to tell on Argentina 's economy before too long . And a startling US diplomatic cable released last year by WikiLeaks asked telling questions about the president 's constitution and mental health .
`` How is Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner managing their nerves and anxiety ? '' the cable asked . `` How does stress affect their behaviour toward advisers and/or their decision-making ? What steps does Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner or their advisers/handlers take in helping them deal with stress ? Are they taking any medications ? ''
`` Under what circumstances are they best able to handle stresses ? How do Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's emotions affect their decision-making and how do they calm down when distressed ? ''
Kirchner came into their own following the death of their husband of a sudden heart attack last year . An outpouring of public sympathy ended a sharp decline in their popularity in the polls . Generous social spending , a consumption boom and renewed economic growth have done the rest , making voters indifferent to the repeated charges of corruption and illegal enrichment by the Kirchners and their close associates . `` People just do n't want to know about it , '' says their biographer Walger .
Reports indicate that Kirchner , who has never felt much sympathy for Argentina 's major newspapers , may seek to silence them completely once their mandate is renewed , in particular Clarin , a paper the forefront of investigations into the accumulated wealth of Kirchner officials and associates .
`` There will be a war to the death against Clarin , which may not be a good newspaper but it represents what is left of freedom of the press today , '' says Walger .
Them administration is not averse to employing strong-arm tactics against opponents . Commerce Secretary Guillermo Moreno , one of the president 's closest aides , last weekend led a group of Peronists and beat up a campaigner of the opposition PRO party who was distributing campaign leaflets on the streets of Vicente Lopez , a northern suburb of Buenos Aires .
`` I demand that the president show they do not consent to such violent and authoritarian methods , '' demanded another presidential rival , Ricardo Alfonsin , son of Argentina 's first post-junta president Raul Alfonsin .
But Kirchner , who does not give interviews to the press , remained silent . With their popularity so high , they have kept exposure to a minimum . They have not campaigned at all , speaking only through beautifully produced and emotionally charged television campaign ads under the slogan `` Strength Argentina '' .
How long this strength will hold in the face of an international economic crisis that could put the brakes on Argentina 's growth – based largely on the high price for Argentina 's plentiful soy exports – will probably determine the fate of the new Kirchner period . Already there are cracks in the economic wall , mainly a hidden inflation that is changing old and deep-seated habits . Bovine meat consumption , in a country that once prided itself on producing top-grade beef , is falling : it dropped by 22 % in the last two years , while the price of beef more than doubled .
In a speech on Wednesday night , Kirchner dismissed predictions of an economic downturn in their next term . `` The world is at a complex moment , during which the icons who tried to convince us that we were doing wrong , that we had to change course , have fallen . Thank God we did n't change . '' For now , at least , it appears that the majority of Argentinians agree with them
The squat is one of the blessed few exercises that everyone , regardless of training orientation , seems to agree is a great training option .
Strength enthusiasts squat to improve force production , bodybuilders squat to build massive legs , the functional folks squat to improve performance of everyday activities , and the physical therapists use the squat as an assessment and rehabilitation exercise .
In this article , I 'll share the top 7 squat tips that have helped our team at Performance U get better results with all our clients , from Pros to Joes .
1 . Finding the Best Squat Stance for You .
Coaches like to argue for or against different squat stances . While a good strength training argument is always fun ( in small doses ) , what 's really important is finding the squat stance ( s ) that work best for you .
In other words , do n't believe in a one-size-fits all approach to squatting , or any other exercise for that matter .
Here 's a quick and easy squat assessment from hip rehab expert Phil Malloy , which we use to help find clients ' safest and most comfortable foot position based on their specific hip structure and function .
To expand a bit on what Dr. Malloy briefly mentioned in the video about `` over-coverage '' and `` under-coverage '' in the hips :
People with a hip external rotation limitation may do better with a more parallel stance , or in certain cases , a slightly internally rotated squat stance .
Note : If someone can only squat with internally rotated hips , we 'd use a different exercise option because we 're not comfortable squatting high-loads in that position .
People with hip internal rotation limitations may do best squatting with a more externally rotated foot position and a wider stance .
Someone with zero hip limitations has the option of mixing up their stances for training variety .
Also , keep in mind that Dr. Malloy does n't try to fix , rehab , adjust or correct the squat movement pattern in any of their patients without first getting an X-ray to find out what 's going on inside .
This makes sense because if you move in a way that goes beyond ( or against ) your body 's structure , you 're likely to get hurt – another reason to not get too preoccupied with a specific ( predetermined ) type of squat movement pattern .
2 . High-Bar Versus Low-Bar Placement
As you can see in the image to the left , bar placement can affect the force angles and postures involved in the barbell back squat .
When individualizing programs , bar position depends on the ability and goals of the specific client or athlete we 're working with .
We use the high-bar squat position ...
When trying to emphasize quadriceps size and strength , since the body position can remain more upright .
If there 's limited shoulder external rotation or thoracic-spine extension . Alternatively , we 'll use a front squat .
When working with bodybuilders using lower loads and higher reps for more time under tension .
When trying to be a bit more low-back friendly , as the more upright torso reduces potential shear forces on the spine .
We use the low-bar squat position ...
When trying to emphasize the hips and low-back , since the body stays more forward .
When going for near-max loads using lower rep ranges , as a lower-bar position helps bring more of the powerful hips into the game . It also shortens the lever arm on the low back , allowing the hips to work from a better mechanical advantage .
With females , since girls tend to already be more quad dominant . We focus their lower-body training towards balancing their quad strength with extra hip and hamstring work .
If someone lacks ankle mobility , we 'll use a lower-bar position since it better accommodates a more hip-oriented squat action .
For those with great shoulder mobility and T-spine mobility , we 'll incorporate the low-bar position .
`` Back-Friendly '' Bar Positioning
In our experience , both back squat bar placement methods can be considered `` back-friendly , '' it just depends on the situation .
If you have restricted ankle mobility – like most average gym goers do – we recommend a lower bar position because restricted ankle dorsiflexion will cause the torso to tilt forward , which places more stress on the lower back the higher the bar is placed .
On the other hand , if you have `` back issues , '' we go for a higher bar position – provided your ankle mobility is fine – to keep the torso more upright and place more stress on the legs and less on the back .
However , when working with someone with no limitations , we may alternate bar placement with each consecutive squat workout to create training variety and change the force vectors involved within the same movement pattern .
3 . Add Calf Raises
We 've found when working with bodybuilders , figure athletes , and performance athletes , adding in a calf raise after every squat rep is a small tweak that can make a big change to the intensity of their squat workouts through more lower-body muscle involvement .
This simple tweak can also increase the eccentric aspect of the squat , provided the athlete is able to lower in one smooth motion as in the video below .
A few more coaching tips :
Squats work great `` as is , '' which is why we do n't always add in the extra calf raise . But we do like to sprinkle in a few sets here and there to spice up squat workouts .
We 've found that using sets of 8+ reps works best when incorporating the calf raise , since the loading potential is somewhat limited by what your calf musculature can lift .
When using the calf raise at the end of each squat , we coach our athletes to explode up ( out of the bottom ) as if they 're going to jump . We 've found giving our athletes a movement oriented task helps with timing and rhythm as opposed to `` squat first , then raise your heels . ''
4 . 1-1/2 Reps
As covered in my article Midrange Partials for the Best Pump of Your Life , basic physiology tells us that , `` Muscles have the lowest potential to generate force when they 're either fully elongated ( stretched ) or fully shortened ( contracted ) .
They generate the highest possible force in the middle – halfway through the range of motion . The more force you generate in this midrange , the more motor units you recruit . ''
The 1-1/2 rep system takes advantage of this by using mid-range partial reps in conjunction with full range reps .
Here 's how we use 1-1/2 rep squats :
Squat all the way down , but only come back up half way . Then go back down again and come up all the way to the start position . That 's one rep .
We usually do sets of 5-8 reps , which is a lot of work when you factor in all the half-reps that do n't allow you to rest at the top , which provides more overload by increasing time-under-tension .
5 . Contrast Training
We use two primary methods to help our clients get stronger and improve performance . One is physiological ( hardware ) based , which means putting on muscle size ( hypertrophy ) . The other is through neural ( software ) based training . Contrast training gives us both methods in one comprehensive training method .
As I covered in this article , contrast training involves starting with a heavy lift and immediately following it with an unloaded explosive exercise using the same ( or similar ) movement pattern .
Here 's our favorite way to use contrast training for squats :
For physique athletes . We use contrast training to increase intensity and add training variety . Perform 3-4 sets of 6-10 reps of the strength exercise followed by another 6-8 reps of the equivalent explosive exercise .
For performance athletes . Since our focus with this population is less on volume and more on intensity ( i.e . force production ) perform 4-6 sets of 3-5 reps of the strength exercise followed by another 3-5 reps of the equivalent explosive exercise .
6 . 7/4/7 Squats
I learned the basic 7/4/7-workout protocol from coach Robert Taylor , the owner of Smarter Team Training , who uses it with the elite athletes they train . They learned it from longtime NFL strength coach Mark Asanovich who was head strength and conditioning coach for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Although this may be new to you , rest assured it 's been battle-tested and proven effective with some great athletes .
Here 's coach Rob Taylor discussing the basic 7/4/7 system and demonstrating how you can use it with virtually any strength exercise :
Pure 7/4/7 Squats
Start with 7 reps using a moderate weight load . Without resting , increase the load and bang out 4 reps . Finish the set by doing another 7 reps using a lighter weight load .
The Performance U – Hybrid 7/4/7 Squat Protocols
When looking to add some volume to our squat workouts , we often use two hybrid 7/4/7 squat protocols , which we developed to take the original 7/4/7 idea a step further .
Hybrid Squat Protocol 1
7/4/7 – Front Squat/Squat Jump/Back Squat + Calf Raise
Perform 7 front squats , then 4 squat jumps ( as high as you can go ) , then 7 back squats + calf raise , all using the same weight .
This is a great squat protocol for increasing power-endurance in the lower-body .
Hybrid Squat Protocol 2
7/4/7 – Front Squat/Back Squat/Jump Squat
We 'll also mix up the order a bit by performing :
7 x Front squats
4 x Back squats ( using a heavier weight than you did with front squats )
7 x Squat jumps ( as high as you can go )
For performance athletes . We use 7/4/7 squats to add volume and create a major pump ( i.e . cellular swelling ) , which can help spark new hypertrophy .
For performance athletes . We use 7/4/7 squats to help increase stamina by building power-endurance .
7 . Gender Differences
Here 's some interesting research done by Dr. Mark McKean on the gender differences between how men and women move when squatting .
Dr. Mark McKean runs the strength & conditioning research program at the University Sunshine Coast in Australia . He 's also coached athletes to international level competition in 18 sports and helped some win both Olympic and World Championship medals in five sports .
Men and women require different squatting strategies as the timing of when each joint and segment reaches maximum is different in all squat variations .
Knee angle differs the most between males and females and this appears to be influenced by different segment lengths of the lower limbs .
When squatting , tall women tend to alter knee angles and tall men tend to alter hip angles .
To adjust body position , men tend to alter trunk angle while women tend to alter pelvis position .
Men appear to be inherently 'stiffer ' in the lumbar spine than women , suggesting that women who squat will benefit from a good core strengthening program .
Women tend to achieve better coordination in all squat variations of load and stance , but men tend to achieve a better level of coordination only when squatting with heavier loads .
It 's as if the load tends to optimize their patterns by either allowing the muscles and fascia to be stretched by the load , or with stronger , stiffer muscles the extra load provides equal tension and improves coordination .
This does n't mean that when a male squats poorly the answer is to go and load up their squat weight ; just be aware that the difference between unloaded and loaded squats will look more different in males than in females .
When teaching men and women to squat I still go with the overall strategy of good squatting practice , but I 'm also aware that the genders will correct and adjust position differently . The big indicator for gender differences is the knee angles and subsequent trunk position . If you keep an eye on this you 'll see what I mean .
Final thoughts
I 've covered a bit of everything on squats , from movement assessments , to new rep schemes , to exercise variations , to gender differences .
I want to leave you with one more recommendation , from Dr. McKean on common mistakes coaches make when coaching the squat :
`` Coach for an improved pattern rather than a predetermined pattern or a one-size-fits-all approach . There 's no best way to squat if you refer to specifics such as joint angles , or feet position , etc. , but I do believe there are 'ideal ' strategies to teach .
`` Try to avoid over teaching or over cuing . This really comes about from the way most professionals are taught , as during this process they 're told how to squat rather than how to 'teach ' people to squat . ''
Questions or comments ? Post them in the LiveSpill !
Google says barge is not a floating data center or a 'wild party boat . '
A barge is docked at a pier on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay on Wednesday . The purpose of the `` Google barges '' have been shrouded in mystery . ( Photo : Justin Sullivan , Getty Images )
SAN FRANCISCO -- Google broke its silence on the floating barge structure it is building in San Francisco Bay .
`` Google Barge ... A floating data center ? A wild party boat ? A barge housing the last remaining dinosaur ? Sadly , none of the above , '' Google said in a statement . `` Although it 's still early days and things may change , we 're exploring using the barge as an interactive space where people can learn about new technology . ''
The structure was discovered in late October , prompting a visit from the U.S. Coast Guard . A second barge has been spotted in Portland , Maine . Their appearance sparked wide-spread speculation that Google was building floating data centers to fuel its rapid Internet search results .
However , local CBS affiliate KPIX reported Nov. 1 that the San Francisco barge will boast a party deck and showrooms to market Google Glass and other gadgets . Google 's statement Wednesday mostly confirmed this .
Google may be building extravagant gadget showrooms to compete with Apple , which has had huge success with its carefully designed retail stores .
Google is designing and selling more of its own gadgets , including the ground-breaking Glass wearable technology . Such devices often require retail locations where consumers can try them out and be taught by sales staff how to use them .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1hjDGMY
Java Developer Manila
Here at Macquarie Bank we are building the Digital Bank of the future and we are doing it with our customers by our side . We understand that banking in the future will be predominantly digital and are building our digital platforms from the ground up to match . We use technology as a catalyst to bring people together and help them realise their life milestones through our products and solutions which are designed by humans for humans . We are putting our customers first and changing how the world interacts with banks .
Java Developer Manila
Here at Macquarie Bank we are building the Digital Bank of the future and we are doing it with our customers by our side . We understand that banking in the future will be predominantly digital and are building our digital platforms from the ground up to match . We use technology as a catalyst to bring people together and help them realise their life milestones through our products and solutions which are designed by humans for humans . We are putting our customers first and changing how the world interacts with banks .
In this role , you will be the Subject-Matter Expert for contracts management and reporting . You will maintain accuracy of organizational the database and agreements . You will also interface with business partners and internal clients on contract management activities.You will monitor the Sourcing and Vendor Management ticketing tool and maintain e-catalogues within the company procurement system .
Client Management Support Associate Sydney
Play a crucial role in supporting our client management teams
Client Service Consultant Brisbane
Have you got a passion for Customer/ Client experience ?
An excellent opportunity for you to join as an experienced and flexible Executive Assistant to support our COO for 12 months .
A great opportunity for a Credit Analyst to join our Sydney team
Junior Attorney Jacksonville
Grow your career while making your mark within a highly successful organization .
Global Entity Management Team Assistant Jacksonville
Our Global Entity Management Team are seeking a self-starting Team Assistant to provide dedicated support to the department 's busy global teams .
Join our growing Operational Risk team as a Senior Analyst or Manager in the New York office .
Our growing business seeks to employ a bright and enthusiastic Payouts Officer as part of the Flow Operations team , based in our dynamic operations hub in Reading .
Our Regulatory Operations team is responsible for ensuring the completeness and accuracy of regulatory reporting in EMEA . As such , the team is required to understand the trade flows through the systems , and work with various teams including Compliance , Technology , Middle Office , and the various trading businesses to ensure we are meeting regulatory reporting requirements .
Take ownership of your Corporate Governance career by joining our dynamic London team on an 18 month contract .
Based in Paris , you will play a pivotal role in supporting us to create a market for onsite and offsite solar power purchase agreements in France . Through your existing networks within the solar/energy or I & C ( Industrial & Commercial ) market in France , you will support the early phase of business development , lead and generate meetings with clients and own these key client relationships .
Successful Candidate will provide Blueprism application support to Level2 & Level 1 teams . The role requires delivering quality service to both local and internationally based users .
Successful Candidate will provide Blueprism application support to Level2 & Level 1 teams . The role requires delivering quality service to both local and internationally based users .
The successful candidate will be responsible for development and 3rd Line Support of Regulatory Reporting Systems .
An excellent opportunity for an Associate to join Macquarie 's Corporate and Asset Finance - Principal Finance Team in the global Operations team , based in Sydney .
This is an exciting opportunity for an Senior Internal Auditor to join a global audit team focusing on Commodities and Global Markets , based in Singapore .
Expect an Entirely New Library of Mods for Elder Scrolls and Fallout Games
After years of mod support and utilizing independent devs , Bethesda has finally partnered with its fanbase to create “ Creation Club. ” This new service is different from typical mod support in that it streamlines new content . Therefore , players will start witnessing new downloadable content across Bethesda titles such as Skyrim and Fallout 4 .
Basically , if you play Fallout or Elder Scrolls , you will start seeing an entirely new list of miscellaneous items available to download : Backpacks , weapons , gear , outfits , etc . The sky 's the limit , really .
Furthermore , we 'll be witnessing a new credit system to access the new content . Through a new form of currency , players will pick and choose the DLC they to include in their games . All you have to do is find the Creation Club in the main menu to select from a library of available add-ons .
As stated , Creation Club is a project fulfilled by Bethesda 's partnership with outside creators . Unlike typical mod support , all downloads will be easier to access and available for immediate use . Additionally , it looks like this will also be available for Fallout VR .
This new implement may be especially good news for PS4 players since Sony has barred the use of mods that include external assets . Through Creation Club , Bethesda will be able to add this content officially . However , we do n't yet know how it will be implemented . Whether it will be side-by-side with mods or serve as a replacement . That said , we do n't really know how players go about obtaining credits .
UPDATE : Bethesda 's New Creation Club website is now live , and you can visit it here .
No word on when this new curation system will arrive , but we suspect it will be soon . Expect more info as time goes by . Simply stay tuned to our E3 coverage and beyond . Until next time ,
Happy gaming .
Updated at 4 p.m .
BEREA , Ohio -- Browns running back Peyton Hillis will be out at least a couple of weeks after re-injuring their hamstring in practice today , a source said .
An MRI this afternoon revealed that they significantly aggravated the muscle .
It happened early in practice on a run up the middle .
Hillis came up limping on the play , grabbing at their left hamstring .
They fired the ball to the ground , then threw their helmet down in frustration .
They limped over to the sidelines and stood talking to one of the team trainers with their head down and their hands on their hips . They then limped halfway down the practice field for further examination by the trainer .
Browns coach Pat Shurmur said that Hillis would have an MRI today and their status would be updated afterward . Shurmur added that if Hillis is not ready , `` we 'll move on . ''
Shurmur added that it 's up to Hillis to do everything possible to get back to where they can play as soon as possible .
Hillis , who sat out the past two games with the hamstring injury , had returned to practice on Thursday and was expecting to start on Sunday in Houston .
Now , with Montario Hardesty out with a torn calf muscle , newcomer Chris Ogbonnaya will start against their former team and newly-signed Thomas Clayton will play as the third-down back .
Ogbonnaya was signed Oct. 18 off the Texans practice squad and pressed into serve five days later against the Seahawks . They played well that game and then was thrust into the featured role last week in San Francisco when Hardesty tore the calf muscle .
Former hedge fund manager Martin Shkreli has the Internet ablaze after hiking the price of the drug that 's been on the market for decades . Here 's what happened . ( Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post )
By now , you 've probably heard of Martin Shkreli .
Over the past week , the 32-year-old has become Public Enemy No . 1 thanks to their company 's decision to raise the price of a lifesaving drug by more than 4,000 percent , from $ 1,130 to $ 63,000 .
Thousands of people took to the Internet to label Shkreli a “ putz , ” a “ psychopath ” and “ Big Pharma 's Biggest A * * hole. ” The BBC asked whether they were the most hated man in America . Twitter appeared to answer in the affirmative .
[ CEO who raised price of old pill more than $ 700 calls journalist a ‘ moron ' for asking why ]
Prescription pricing is a strange thing to stir such rage , however . After all , Daraprim , the drug in question , is not widely used . It treats a potentially deadly condition called toxoplasmosis that primarily affects people with compromised immune systems , such as newborns and HIV patients .
Moreover , “ Pharma bro , ” as Shkreli quickly became known , is not the first person to corner the market on a drug and then hike its price — although they are a frequent offender .
So , how did Shkreli become the Internet 's latest villain ?
Much of the reason lies with the former hedge fund manager 's unabashed pursuit of profit .
[ Amid uproar over 4,000 % increase , Shkreli says they will lower price ]
Although Shkreli has delivered different , at times conflicting statements about why their company , Turing Pharmaceuticals , raised the price of Daraprim , their answer has often boiled down to this : because of capitalism .
It 's unlikely that Shkreli set out to stir a debate about the limits of the American economic system , but that 's effectively what they have done . The controversy comes at a time of broad concern over inequality in this country . Bernie Sanders has made a presidential campaign out of the issue . Even Donald Trump is talking about raising taxes on the wealthy .
With job creation , employment and corporate profits all up , yet wages stubbornly stagnant , many Americans feel that the system is flawed .
So perhaps it 's no surprise that Shkreli , a brash young CEO who defiantly quotes hip-hop artists on social media , has suddenly become a lightning rod .
Take one of their first comments on the current controversy . When confronted Sunday on Twitter by a journalist covering the drug industry , Shkreli said hiking the price of Daraprim was simply a “ business decision . ”
“ It 's a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders , ” Shkreli said . “ I do n't expect the likes of you to process that . ”
When the journalist questioned hiking the price “ 5,000 % , ” Shkreli called them “ a moron . ”
“ So there you have it , ” the journalist , Fierce Biotech 's John Carroll , wrote later . “ The unvarnished truth . It was a business decision . It was about money . And screw you . ”
Shkreli has softened their stance since then , but their subsequent comments have similarly shown how their decision to raise the drug 's price is grounded in capitalism , or their understanding of it , at least .
“ There 's no doubt — I 'm a capitalist , ” they told CBS . “ I 'm trying to create a big drug company , a successful drug company , a profitable drug company . We 're trying to flourish . ”
Later , in the same interview , Shkreli appeared to echo Gordon Gekko 's infamous quote from “ Wall Street ” that “ greed is good . ”
“ I can see how it looks greedy , but I think there are a lot of altruistic properties to it , ” Shkreli told CBS . Higher profits would pay for research and development to create a better drug that would eradicate toxoplasmosis , they told Bloomberg News .
Although that claim has been rejected by many in the medical industry — “ I certainly do n't think this is one of those diseases where we have been clamoring for better therapies , ” Wendy Armstrong , a professor of infectious diseases at Emory University in Atlanta , told the New York Times — it does strike at the center of a centuries-old debate about capitalism , and a decades-old battle over drug prices .
In their 18th-century tome “ The Wealth of Nations , ” economist Adam Smith famously argued that the market functions best , and society benefits , when individuals pursue their self-interest .
A century later , however , Karl Marx argued that capitalists ' personal profits were the product of the exploitation of the labor force , and they urged workers to unite in global revolution to ensure a higher standard of living .
Both strains of thought still exist today , but capitalism has carried the day in most parts of the world , particularly in America . Here , Nobel Prize-winning , free-market economist Milton Friedman argued that the only “ social responsibility of business is to increase its profits . ”
Ayn Rand , another strong influence on American conservative thought , went even further . “ From their start , America was torn by the clash of their political system with the altruist morality , ” they wrote in “ For the New Intellectual. ” “ Capitalism and altruism are incompatible ; they are philosophical opposites ; they can not co-exist in the same man or in the same society . ”
This notion of “ shareholder wealth maximization ” helped “ spawn the rise of executive pay tied to share prices — and thus the huge rise in stock-option pay . As a result , average annual executive pay has quadrupled since the early 1970s , ” The Post 's Jia Lynn Yang wrote in 2013 .
[ Maximizing shareholder value : The goal that changed corporate America ]
But experience of capitalism 's pains has also led politicians to try to curb its excesses , including in the pharmaceutical industry .
As far back as 1957 , a Senate antitrust and monopoly subcommittee tried to rein in the prescription drug industry 's growing monopoly powers , wrote Ellen 't Hoen in “ The Global Politics of Pharmaceutical Monopoly Power. ” “ In the late 1950s-early '60s , the U.S. invoked government use powers on a routine basis to order generic medicines from abroad , regardless of the patent status of the products . ”
The ethics of unlimited profits came to a head in the 1980s with the AIDS crisis , ‘ t Hoen told The Washington Post in a phone interview . There was simply no way that people dying of the disease , particularly in the Third World , could afford the drugs they needed .
That led to the rise of generic drugs and the realization that the pure pursuit of profit could lead to disastrous and , ultimately , unacceptable consequences , explained ‘ t Hoen , the former director of policy and advocacy at Doctors Without Borders ' Campaign for Access to Essential Medicines and a key figure in the creation of the Medicines Patent Pool , which helps provide low-cost HIV treatments in developing countries .
They said they were shocked but not completely surprised by Shkreli 's comments .
“ It 's not the first time it 's happened , ” they told The Post . “ What you often see is that when companies are in the position to ask the highest possible price , and there is no opposition or measures against it , that 's what they 'll do . We 've seen that with HIV , we 've seen it with Hepatitis C , and we see it now with this product . ”
The price hike could put Daraprim beyond some patients , or at least delay its availability , they said . ( Although Turing does n't technically have a monopoly on Daraprim — it 's a 62-year-old drug , so the patent expired many years ago — it effectively does . Although other companies could make the drug , it would be difficult and take a while . “ Martin picked carefully , ” Carroll , the drug industry journalist , explained on Twitter . “ Narrowly controlled ingredient as I understand it . ” )
“ That is why it is so dangerous to leave health care and the provision of central medicines to the market alone , ” ‘ t Hoen said . “ You need the government to intervene in a situation like this . ”
The drug is so inexpensive to produce , they said , that the American government could quickly and cheaply produce enough of it to last every American for the foreseeable future .
After insisting that Turing would not bow to public pressure and reduce its price , Shkreli indicated on Tuesday that their company would , in fact , discount Daraprim , although they did n't say by how much .
‘ T Hoen said that they hoped they did , but that even if they did n't , some good could come out of the controversy . Shkreli 's unapologetic statements and aggressive tweets have proved akin to “ putting up a huge billboard that focuses people 's attention on drug prices , ” they said .
“ If this case , because it clearly touched a nerve with many people , led to more serious government action on this , then they could get the Nobel for all I care , ” they said , conceding , however , that any price controls would be very “ un-American . ”
Still , there are signs that outrage over “ Pharma bro ” could lead to change .
In what surely marked peak Shkreli-shredding , Hillary Clinton slammed the CEO on Twitter for their “ outrageous ” “ price gouging ” and promised a plan to control prescription costs . ( In response to the mere suggestion of future regulation , U.S. biotech stocks immediately took a tumble . )
Bernie Sanders also has a plan to rein in drug company profits . Meanwhile , the issue is presenting difficult questions for Republicans .
“ A true healthcare issue has just exploded like a piñata in the middle of the 24/7 presidential campaign , scattering treats at the feet of ( last count ) 14 Republican and at least 5 Democratic contenders for their parties ' nomination , ” Steve Brozak wrote in Forbes . “ GOP candidates will scramble to find ways to denounce the price hike , while simultaneously praising the free market . Turing 's move has provided raw steak for Bernie Sanders and Hillary Rodham Clinton . ”
Even some of the staunchest free-market advocates are admitting that “ Pharma bro ” has highlighted some contradictions within capitalism .
“ For those with a belief in the efficacy of free markets , this has been a dispiriting week , ” wrote Martin Tillier , a financial adviser and former foreign exchange trader , on the Nasdaq 's own Web site .
“ We have been treated to two examples of what Karl Marx once called ‘ Capitalism red in tooth and claw , ' ” they wrote , mentioning Shkreli-gate as well as Volkswagen 's admission that it cheated on emission tests . “ It is an indication of the depths to which the two companies have sunk that the best description of their behavior comes from that source . The two stories are vastly different in many ways , but both show the danger of a corporate culture that eschews basic morality in the pursuit of profit . It should be noted that maximizing shareholder return is the most fundamental task of a public company , and I have nothing against that , but even the most profit-driven of executives is expected to strike a balance between that mandate and what is the ‘ right thing ' to do , either morally or legally . ”
Tillier admitted that the free market had failed , at least in the short term , and also worried that Turing 's price hike hurt others .
“ To go back to Marx , their basic contention was that capitalism contained the seeds of its own destruction , ” Tillier concluded . “ The kind of behavior we have seen this week is , they claimed , an inevitable consequence of the profit motive , and when the workers have had enough of it they will revolt . We have learned to avoid that by regulating the excesses of the few , but in both cases regulators must make sure that any regulation that is sparked by the actions of Turing and VW do not inadvertently do more harm than good . ”
Marx may not get the last laugh , but “ Pharma bro ” has given the communist 's old complaints new life .
To me , the prospects of a Euro currency surviving over the long term were not helped this week . The markets have behaved as though some great solutions have been adopted but it seems to me the fundamental problems if anything are worse now . It is true the short term is more stable . But at what cost ?
Bailout Is ‘ Nail in the Coffin ' for Euro , Rogers Says
The 16-nation currency weakened for a second day against the dollar after rallying as much as 2.7 percent on May 10 , when the governments of the 16 euro nations agreed to make loans of as much as 750 billion euros ( $ 962 billion ) available to countries under attack from speculators and the European Central Bank pledged to intervene in government securities markets . “ I was stunned , ” Rogers , chairperson of Rogers Holdings , said in a Bloomberg Television interview in Singapore . “ This means that they 've given up on the euro , they do n't particularly care if they have a sound currency , you have all these countries spending money they do n't have and it 's now going to continue . ”
…
“ It 's a political currency and nobody is minding the economics behind the necessities to have a strong currency , ” Rogers said . “ I 'm afraid it 's going to dissolve . They 're throwing more money at the problem and it 's going to make things worse down the road . ”
This makes sense to me . The problems with the Euro also explain why the dollar has n't fallen more over the last few years . The only significant alternative is the Yen . The BRIC countries ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) are looking to increase the profile of their currencies supposedly – or even forming their version of the Euro ( I ca n't see how that could happen ) .
Greece 's budget deficit of 13.6 percent of gross domestic product is the second-highest in the euro zone after Ireland 's 14.3 percent . As part of the bailout plan , Spain and Portugal also pledged deeper deficit reductions than previously planned .
…
[ Rogers suggests ] Investors should instead buy precious metals including gold or currencies of countries that have large natural resources , Rogers said . Among other asset classes , they favor agricultural commodities as the best bet for the next decade as well as silver because prices have n't rallied .
It is very difficult for the politicians in the USA , United Kingdom and other countries to behave fiscally responsible when their taxpayers will eventually have to pay the bill . When you can hope to have others bail you out it seems that much less likely people will behave responsibly . Then again I was skeptical the Euro would be created without first having more consolidation of European governments . There are lots of good things about having the Euro , but in the long run there are very challenging issues to deal with .
Related : Jim Rogers on the Financial Market Mess – Why the Dollar is Falling – A Bull on China
Comments
Russian Defense Ministry representatives have arrived in the North Korean capital . It is the second visit by Russian officials in two weeks , and comes as Washington claims it is ready for direct talks with Pyongyang , while still staging war games in the turbulent region .
The delegation is headed by Deputy Director of the Russian National Defense Command Center Viktor Kalganov , and has been on assignment in North Korea since Tuesday . The officials are to remain in Pyongyang for the rest of the week .
Read more
There has been no word on their mission from the Russian military . However , almost simultaneously with news of the visit , the Russian Foreign Ministry stated that Moscow is using `` any opportunity for direct communication '' and will continue to do so , including with the help of the Defense Ministry . `` North Korea is our neighbor , we must develop relations with this country , '' Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov said during a briefing on Wednesday . `` Political dialogue is extremely important , '' they added .
The Russian military have traveled to Pyongyang to `` activate '' a settlement of the crisis in the region , Deputy Head of the Defense Ministry 's Public Council Aleksandr Kanshin told Interfax . `` The aim of the military , political and diplomatic efforts is clear : all sides should be put back at negotiations table , to put away provocative and threatening military rhetoric and demonstration of force , '' the official said . They noted that such missions are part of a road map proposed by Moscow and Beijing , which seeks a solution to the nuclear tensions through dialogue .
Moscow has repeatedly said that only diplomatic efforts can solve the crisis . Following a recent visit to North Korea by Russian lawmakers , the delegation said that Pyongyang is ready for talks if it is recognized a nuclear power . North Korea can sit at a negotiating table with the US with the participation of Russia as a third party , it proposed .
READ MORE : Pyongyang seeks direct dialogue with Washington , Moscow ready to help – Lavrov
While the Russian delegation is working in Pyongyang , Washington has made a U-turn in its hardline stance towards the North . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced that the US is ready for talks with no preconditions . Russia , which has always advocated a diplomatic approach , welcomed the new tone of the American rhetoric , with Ryabkov saying that previously the US treated any direct contacts with Pyongyang as “ abnormal . ”
At the same time , the US has not abandoned another pillar of its policy in the region , which is the continuation of a series of military drills near the Korean Peninsula . The recent maneuvers are considered to be one of the largest military drills to date aimed at North Korea .
US holds massive military drills aimed at North Korea despite warnings from Moscow https : //t.co/RCGw6Q2mv2 — RT ( @ RT_com ) 12 декабря 2017 г .
`` Unfortunately , the US carry on with their non-constructive line aimed at military build-up in North-Eastern Asia , '' Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Wednesday . They reiterated that Moscow calls on all sides to refrain from moves that only escalate the crisis .
The super-duper asparagus detector at work . ( Jörg Schöbel and Daniel Seyfried )
German scientists want to revolutionize the way farmers harvest asparagus – using the same technology militaries use to detect land mines .
Unlike in the United States ( where asparagus shoots are almost always sold green ) , many shoppers in Europe prefer white asparagus . To provide these pale veggies , farmers must hide the entire plant from the sun under a mound of dirt so the shoots ca n't photosynthesize and turn green .
But if the whole plant is buried , then harvesters do n't know where to cut the tasty shoot from the rest of the plant . If they cut too high , the shoots may not be long enough to sell . If they cut too low , they risk trimming into the roots and killing the whole plant , which could otherwise live and produce shoots for as long as a decade .
[ The world 's most beautiful greenhouses are underwater , and growing strawberries ]
So scientists from the Braunschweig University of Technology did what anyone in the same predicament would do : They strapped a ground-penetrating radar ( GPR ) detector to a little cart , pointed the detector at the mound of buried asparagus plants , and used the results to find the perfect asparagus cutting height . They published their research in the Journal of Applied Geophysics last month .
Study co-authors Jörg Schöbel and Daniel Seyfried wanted to find agricultural problems with scientific solutions , and white asparagus was a perfect fit . “ We immediately recognized it as a well-suited application for GPR , ” they said in an email .
GPR is normally used to look for buried things such as land mines or pipes and cables . It works by emitting radio waves in a wall perpendicular to the mound . It 's sort of like sending a wall of tiny dogs into a forest to fetch tennis balls , then measuring how long it takes the dogs to come back ( but slightly less ridiculous ) .
White asparagus , which is grown under black sheeting to protect it from the sun to maintain the white color , is considered a delicacy . ( Sean Gallup/Getty Images )
Since asparagus is mostly water and dirt is mostly dirt , the radio waves bounce back at different times – the quicker a single dog returns with the ball , the closer their or their ball was . Additionally , if we strapped a little speedometer to each pup , we 'd know that those who ran the fastest must have run through the part of the forest with the fewest trees . In this scenario , the trees are the asparagus .
But there 's a catch – clutter in the ground itself can muddy up the radargram , or the log of which dogs returned when and where . Some of the dogs ca n't pass through thicker parts of the forest and come back without a ball . As the radar emitter moves forward along the mound , the scientists get the full radargram of all these dogs , both the successful and unsuccessful ones , and then must use sophisticated processing techniques to figure out where the asparagus is .
From there , it was simple to determine an optimal cutting height . Woof .
We would n't and could n't use GPR on our familiar green asparagus , since the shoots are n't buried . But there might be a use for similar technology , even in the United States .
[ Farmer digs up woolly mammoth bones in Michigan soy field ]
Right now , farmers have not automated way of cutting asparagus at variable heights . Asparagus shoots can grow incredibly fast – sometimes as much as two inches on a hot day , said Michael Orzolek , professor emeritus of vegetable crops at Penn State . Shoot heights can be so different that setting one level to cut everything often wastes a lot of the shorter shoots , but harvesting the crops by hand takes too much time . Orzolek thinks that if a radar detector could be attached to a harvester – allowing the machine to smartly harvest different shoots at different heights in real time – it would save farmers a lot of money in wasted asparagus .
“ With asparagus we 're looking for a selective harvesting that would be able to pick an 8- to 10-inch spear and leave the rest alone , '' Orzolek said . “ It 's a very difficult crop to harvest . ”
It will be a long while before Schöbel and Seyfried 's radar detection method is ready for the German asparagus industry , and it could cost tens of thousands of euros to implement . However , the money saved from waste reduction might make the investment worthwhile for some companies .
Schöbel and Seyfried were most excited about coming up with such a novel application for radar detection , saying , “ From a scientific point of view , our research shows that two different disciplines , agriculture and high-frequency technology , may benefit greatly from each other . ”
Ryan Mandelbaum is freelance journalist who 's serious about science , pizza , Guy Fieri and not much else . They enjoy writing about the environment , physics and the macabre .
Read More :
How high-powered microscopes can help make fat taste even better
This weird little fungus may be the oldest fossilized land creature ever found
What the heck is shade-grown cacao ? This pricey treat is actually good for the planet .
Why scientists got an alligator to inhale helium
The Venus flytrap has a really creepy trick for catching its prey
Pets are n't appliances . They are living , breathing , loving animals who deserve as much loyalty and compassion as they give . This is why we fight so hard to stop the cruel puppy-making factories that create “ inventory ” for pet stores at an incredibly inhumane cost .
While awareness of the puppy mill problem is growing , humane regulation at the state and federal level has been slower to evolve . The federal government in particular has continuously failed to protect dogs in puppy mills . But some states are taking the initiative . In California , 36 local jurisdictions are among the more than 230 cities , towns , and counties across the country which have passed ordinances to stop the sale of cruelly-bred animals at pet stores in their communities .
Now , California lawmakers have taken the next big step , passing an unprecedented piece of legislation – The Pet Rescue and Adoption Act ( Assembly Bill 485 ) – that would make California the first state in the nation to ban the sale of commercially raised dogs , cats and rabbits in pet stores across the state . The bill awaits Governor Brown 's signature , and on behalf of millions of animal advocates and at-risk animals it would affect , I urge them to sign it .
The brutality of puppy and kitten mills and their connection to pet stores is well-documented . These animals generally live in overcrowded and unsanitary conditions – sometimes in wire-floored cages stacked in tall columns – without adequate veterinary care , food , water or socialization . Animals bred in these conditions may also suffer from severe health issues , including contagious and deadly diseases and congenital defects , as well as behavioral challenges . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) is currently investigating a multi-state outbreak of bacterial infections linked to puppies from retail pet stores which has sickened 39 people .
By cutting off the puppy mill pipeline that moves cruelly bred animals from across the country into California pet stores , AB 485 will also help prevent California consumers from being duped into purchases that contribute to unconscionable animal “ production ” and suffering .
On a larger level , this law demonstrates how legislative action on animal welfare in general can advance from the local level to the state level , furthering the hope of creating a culture that values compassion over cruelty .
You can contribute to that progress . If you live in California , let Governor Brown know how much they can help vulnerable and victimized animals with their signature . And wherever you live , consider adopting or fostering an animal in need and telling your friends and family to do the same . That will accelerate the evolution of humane standards in your community and , in the meantime , multiply the amount of love given and received in your home – something an appliance can never do .
Dealing with the aftermath of ransomware attacks is like Russian roulette , where submitting the ransom might be the sole option for recovering locked data . This is precisely why focusing on prevention is a judicious approach to adopt .
The growth of ransomware over the past few years has driven the security industry to create myriads of tools applicable for blocking these types of threats from being executed on computers . Few of them are 100 % bulletproof , though .
This article is focused on additional measures that users should employ to ensure a higher level of defense against these plagues .
1 . First and foremost , be sure to back up your most important files on a regular basis .
Ideally , backup activity should be diversified , so that the failure of any single point wo n't lead to the irreversible loss of data . Store one copy in the cloud , resorting to services like Dropbox , and the other on offline physical media , such as a portable HDD .
An efficient tactic is to toggle data access privileges and set read/write permissions , so that the files can not be modified or erased . An additional tip is to check the integrity of your backup copies once in a while .
2 . Personalize your anti-spam settings the right way .
Most ransomware variants are known to be spreading via eye-catching emails that contain contagious attachments . It 's a great idea to configure your webmail server to block dubious attachments with extensions like .exe , .vbs , or .scr .
3 . Refrain from opening attachments that look suspicious .
Not only does this apply to messages sent by unfamiliar people but also to senders who you believe are your acquaintances . Phishing emails may masquerade as notifications from a delivery service , an e-commerce resource , a law enforcement agency , or a banking institution .
4 . Think twice before clicking .
Dangerous hyperlinks can be received via social networks or instant messengers , and the senders are likely to be people you trust , including your friends or colleagues . For this attack to be deployed , cybercriminals compromise their accounts and submit bad links to as many people as possible .
5 . The Show File Extensions feature can thwart ransomware plagues , as well .
This is a native Windows functionality that allows you to easily tell what types of files are being opened , so that you can keep clear of potentially harmful files . The fraudsters may also utilize a confusing technique where one file can be assigned a couple of extensions .
For instance , an executable may look like an image file and have a .gif extension . Files can also look like they have two extensions – e.g. , cute-dog.avi.exe or table.xlsx.scr – so be sure to pay attention to tricks of this sort . A standalone known attack vector is through malicious macros enabled in Microsoft Word documents .
6 . Patch and keep your operating system , antivirus , browsers , Adobe Flash Player , Java , and other software up-to-date .
This habit can prevent compromises via exploit kits .
7 . In the event a suspicious process is spotted on your computer , instantly turn off the Internet connection .
This is particularly efficient on an early stage of the attack because the ransomware wo n't get the chance to establish a connection with its Command and Control server and thus can not complete the encryption routine .
8 . Think of disabling vssaexe .
This functionality built into Windows to administer Volume Shadow Copy Service is normally a handy tool that can be used for restoring previous versions of arbitrary files . In the framework of rapidly evolving file-encrypting malware , though , vssadmin.exe has turned into a problem rather than a favorable service .
If it is disabled on a computer at the time of a compromise , ransomware will fail to use it for obliterating the shadow volume snapshots . This means you can use VSS to restore the blatantly encrypted files afterwards .
9 . Keep the Windows Firewall turned on and properly configured at all times .
10 . Enhance your protection more by setting up additional Firewall protection .
There are security suites out there that accommodate several Firewalls in their feature set , which can become a great addition to the stock defense against a trespass .
11 . Adjust your security software to scan compressed or archived files , if this feature is available .
12 . Disabling Windows Script Host could be an efficient preventive measure , as well .
13 . Consider disabling Windows PowerShell , which is a task automation framework .
Keep it enabled only if absolutely necessary .
14 . Enhance the security of your Microsoft Office components ( Word , Excel , PowerPoint , Access , etc . ) .
In particular , disable macros and ActiveX . Additionally , blocking external content is a dependable technique to keep malicious code from being executed on the PC .
15 . Install a browser add-on to block popups as they can also pose an entry point for ransom Trojan attacks .
16 . Use strong passwords that can not be brute-forced by remote criminals .
Set unique passwords for different accounts to reduce the potential risk .
17 . Deactivate AutoPlay .
This way , harmful processes wo n't be automatically launched from external media , such as USB memory sticks or other drives .
18 . Make sure you disable file sharing .
This way , if you happen to get hit , the ransomware infection will stay isolated to your machine only .
19 . Think of disabling remote services .
Otherwise , the threat could rapidly propagate across the enterprise network , thus calling forth serious security issues for the business environment if your computer is a part it .
For example , the Remote Desktop Protocol can be leveraged by the black hat hackers to expand the attack surface .
20 . Switch off unused wireless connections , such as Bluetooth or infrared ports .
There are cases when Bluetooth get exploited for stealthily compromising the machine .
21 . Define Software Restriction Policies that keep executable files from running when they are in specific locations in the system .
The directories most heavily used for hosting malicious processes include ProgramData , AppData , Temp and Windows\SysWow .
22 . Block known-malicious Tor IP addresses .
Tor ( The Onion Router ) gateways are the primary means for ransomware threats to communicate with their C & C servers . Therefore , blocking those may impede the critical malicious processes from getting through .
Since ransomware is definitely today 's number one cyber peril due to the damage it causes and the prevalence factor , the countermeasures above are a must . Otherwise , your most important files could be completely lost .
The key recommendation , though , is the one about backups – offline or in the cloud . In this scenario , the recovery consists of removing the ransom Trojan and transferring data from the backup storage .
Currently , dealing with the consequences of ransomware is n't very promising from the file decryption perspective . That is why thwarting the virus attack can save you a pretty penny and guarantee peace of mind .
About the Author : David Balaban is a computer security researcher with over 10 years of experience in malware analysis and antivirus software evaluation . David runs the www.Privacy-PC.com project , which presents expert opinions on the contemporary information security matters , including social engineering , penetration testing , threat intelligence , online privacy and white hat hacking . As part of their work at Privacy-PC , Mr. Balaban has interviewed such security celebrities as Dave Kennedy , Jay Jacobs and Robert David Steele to get firsthand perspectives on hot InfoSec issues . David has a strong malware troubleshooting background , with the recent focus on ransomware countermeasures .
Editor 's Note : The opinions expressed in this guest author article are solely those of the contributor , and do not necessarily reflect those of Tripwire , Inc .
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette 28 ( $ 239.00 for 2.24 oz . ) has a variety of shades ranging from violet to bright silver to bronzy taupe . The majority of the eyeshadows are frosted or metallic , while a a handful are more matte . The mattes are , consistently , the losers in the palette , which seems to be due to how soft , thin , and powdery they are , so they sheer out and perform poorly without a solid base or primer for them to adhere to ( they look so uneven when blended without primer ) . The more shimmery shades are easy to use , tend to be quite pigmented , and look good on the eye , but they 're not long-wearing as promised–between six and eight hours , I almost always had creasing . With a primer , I was able to extend wear by two hours or so , which is still less than what I average across most powder eyeshadows .
If you 're not overly concerned about wear time or feel confident that your primer/base solution will alleviate any concerns , the shimmer eyeshadows are nice otherwise . The mattes are better , but they 're still disappointing at this price point–there is significant room for improvement . I still recommend picking up a five-pan pre-made palette over splurging on one of these larger palettes , as you can get a good feel for the formula without breaking the bank . I also think that this larger palette is n't a cohesive or comprehensive palette for travel or building out a variety of looks as it does n't have a lot of highlighting , transition , or blending kind of shades . The palette can absolutely be used on its own , but there is just a general lack of mattes that I feel like many will add in other textures . I would have preferred the palette to be more versatile with removable pans and a smaller , more travel-friendly sized palette . I also think that being able to build your own five-pan palette would be ideal . The brand should consider labeling the shades on the interior of the palette or at least on the back of the palette ( the exterior cardboard packaging as the shades labeled ) .
I have reviewed and worn all the shades in this palette over the last few weeks , so this post is serving more of a general round-up for the palette ( so you can see the palette 's score , based on its contents ! ) while you can find individual reviews by clicking on the shades below :
Sephora Beautylish Ulta Nordstrom More We hope you 'll consider supporting Temptalia by shopping through our links below . Thanks !
Glossover Breakdown 81 % Average Score A 6 B 14 C 3 D 2 F 3 Glossover Averages product 7.5 pigmentation 9 texture 8 longevity 7.5 application 4.5 Total 81 % product 7.5 pigmentation 9 texture 8 longevity 7.5 application 4.5 Total 81 %
See more photos & swatches !
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Purple-Blue Eyeshadow Palette
Natasha Denona Electric Violet ( 28V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Electric Violet ( 28V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Nina 's Orchid ( 82V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Nina 's Orchid ( 82V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Rosewood ( 51M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Rosewood ( 51M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Piggy ( 80M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Piggy ( 80M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Lavender Gray ( 40M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Lavender Gray ( 40M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Metallic Steel Blue ( 11M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Metallic Steel Blue ( 11M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Steel Blue ( 11V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Steel Blue ( 11V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Gray-Brown ( 38M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Gray-Brown ( 38M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Aubergine ( 24V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Aubergine ( 24V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Maroon ( 22M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Maroon ( 22M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Golden Rose ( 60M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Golden Rose ( 60M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Oxide ( 63M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Oxide ( 63M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Powder Blue ( 84V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Powder Blue ( 84V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Quick Silver ( 09M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Quick Silver ( 09M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Deep Slate Gray ( 32P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Deep Slate Gray ( 32P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Satin Skin ( 75P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Satin Skin ( 75P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Golden Beige ( 52M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Golden Beige ( 52M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Cool Plum ( 70P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Cool Plum ( 70P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Petroleum Blue ( 92M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Petroleum Blue ( 92M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Koh Tao ( 89V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Koh Tao ( 89V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Deep Pacific ( 03V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Deep Pacific ( 03V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Glaze ( 12M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Glaze ( 12M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Smoky Plum ( 23P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Smoky Plum ( 23P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Vintage ( 49P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Vintage ( 49P ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Calypso Blue ( 05M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Calypso Blue ( 05M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Smoke ( 65V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Smoke ( 65V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Chromatic ( 04M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Chromatic ( 04M ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Navy ( 01V ) Eyeshadow
Natasha Denona Navy ( 01V ) Eyeshadow
Glaze ( 12M ) , Gray-Brown ( 38M ) , Vintage ( 49M ) , Calypso Blue ( 05M ) , Electric Violet ( 28V ) , Petroleum Blue ( 92M ) , Powder Blue ( 84V ) , Navy ( 01V )
Glaze ( 12M ) , Gray-Brown ( 38M ) , Vintage ( 49M ) , Calypso Blue ( 05M ) , Electric Violet ( 28V ) , Petroleum Blue ( 92M ) , Powder Blue ( 84V ) , Navy ( 01V )
Oxide ( 63M ) , Golden Rose ( 60M ) , Golden Beige ( 52M ) , Petrolem Blue ( 92M ) , Calypso Blue ( 05M ) , Deep Pacific ( 03V )
Oxide ( 63M ) , Golden Rose ( 60M ) , Golden Beige ( 52M ) , Petrolem Blue ( 92M ) , Calypso Blue ( 05M ) , Deep Pacific ( 03V )
Piggy ( 80M ) , Satin Skin ( 75P ) , Rosewood ( 51M ) , Cool Plum ( 70P ) , Deep Slate Gray ( 32P )
Piggy ( 80M ) , Satin Skin ( 75P ) , Rosewood ( 51M ) , Cool Plum ( 70P ) , Deep Slate Gray ( 32P )
Nina 's Orchid ( 82V ) , Maroon ( 22M ) , Smoky Plum ( 23P ) , Aubergine ( 24V ) , Golden Rose ( 60M ) with Sephora Purple Stilettos Eyeliner
Nina 's Orchid ( 82V ) , Maroon ( 22M ) , Smoky Plum ( 23P ) , Aubergine ( 24V ) , Golden Rose ( 60M ) with Sephora Purple Stilettos Eyeliner
Quick Silver , Chromatic , Metallic Steel Blue , Smoke , Steel Blue , Koh Tao , L'Oréal Cobalt Eyeliner
Quick Silver , Chromatic , Metallic Steel Blue , Smoke , Steel Blue , Koh Tao , L'Oréal Cobalt Eyeliner
What I – a Pacifist – Would say to Obama About the Crisis In Syria
Over the last week many of you have written ReKnew asking me to weigh in on the crisis in Syria . Does being a pacifist mean that I am opposed to America violently intervening to keep Assad from using chemical weapons against their own people ? And if so , what would I say if Obama asked for my opinion on how America should respond to this crisis ?
The first thing I 'll say is that I do n't believe that being a kingdom pacifist ( viz . on who swears off violence out of obedience to Jesus ) means that one must embrace the conviction that governments are supposed to embrace pacifism . Many people assume this , and I 've found that the implausibility of this position is one of the main reasons some people reject pacifism . After giving talks about the kingdom call to unconditional non-violence , I 've frequently received responses like : “ Are you telling me our government should just love the terrorists and ‘ turn the other cheek ' ? ” Actually , I 'm not saying this . I do n't believe Jesus ' and Paul 's teaching on the need for disciples to adopt an enemy-loving , non-violent lifestyle was ever intended to serve as a mandate for how governments are supposed to respond to evil .
To the contrary , in Romans 12 and 13 , Paul explicitly contrasts the call of disciples to swear off violence as they love and serve enemies with the way God uses governments . They tell disciples to “ bless those who persecute you ” ( 12:14 ) , to never “ repay anyone evil for evil ” ( v.17 ) , and to never “ take revenge ( ekdikeō ) . ” Instead , we are to “ leave room for God 's wrath , for it is written , ‘ Vengeance ' ( ekdikēsis ) is mine says the Lord ' ( v.19 ) . ” Rather than retaliating , disciple must rather feed our enemy when they 're hungry and give them something to drink when they 're thirsty , thereby overcoming evil with good rather than allowing evil to overcome good ( vss.20-21 ) . Immediately following this Paul says that God “ establishes ” or “ files ” ( tassō ) all governments as they see fit ( 13:1 ) , which is why their “ rulers do not bear the sword for no reason ” ( vs. 4 ) . God uses these sword-wielding authorities “ to bring punishment ” or “ vengeance ” ( ekdikos ) on the wrongdoer ” ( vs.4 ) .
The important point for us to see is that Paul forbids disciples to ever engage in the very activity they say God uses governments to accomplish – namely , taking vengeance ( ekdikēsis ) . We are to leave “ all vengeance to God , ” in other words , and one of the ways God takes “ vengeance ” is by using sword-wielding governments . This does n't mean that God wants governments to be violent . It just means that , since the governments of this fallen world are going to be violent , God is willing to get involved in them by “ ordering ” ( tassō ) their violence to bring about as much good as possible . And the good they work to bring about is keeping evil in check by punishing wrongdoers .
I believe this teaching implies that there are “ sword-wielding ” offices in government that disciples simply ca n't hold . But I think it 's a complete misunderstanding to think that kingdom pacifism entails that disciples should try to get their government to adopt a pacifist position . This is treating the government as if it were the church !
So what do I think America should do in response to the Syrian crisis ? The most important thing I would say in response to this question is this : whatever my opinion on this matter might be , I could n't consider it a distinct kingdom opinion . Being a citizen of the peaceable kingdom of God does not give us any special insight into how and when the sword-wielding governments of this world should and should not use the sword . These governments operate by an entirely different set of rules than the kingdom we belong to and are called to advance . They defend their self-interest , while we die to ours . They are focused on doing what is practical while we are concerned only with being faithful . And they trust the power of force , while our only confidence is in the power of self-sacrificial love .
In this light , it 's apparent that pledging our allegiance to the non-violent Messiah may make us less “ street smart ” about the “ right ” use of the sword , but it certainly does n't give us any advantage on this matter . This is one of the reasons I think that disciples who think they are engaging in a kingdom activity when they publically protest wars are misguided . While followers of Jesus may have opinions about what our government , or any other government , should do in response to the Syrian ( or any other ) crisis , we must remember that there is nothing uniquely kingdom about this opinion .
So , with that proviso , what would I say if Obama called me up on the phone and solicited my opinion about how the US should respond to the Syrian crisis ? ( Of course , if they read the first part of this blog and understood what I said , I 'd probably be the last person he 'd solicit advice from – and I would n't blame him ! ) Since our government has ( almost ) always been committed to the just-war principle that violence should be used only as a last resort , I 'd first press them on the question of whether or not we are absolutely certain Assad is guilty of having engaged in the atrocity they are being accused of . I 'd remind them of the enormous price the US and others paid because the US acted on “ false intelligence ” when we decided to bomb Iraq . If our information were indeed certain , I would encourage Obama to take the time to bring other countries on board so the US does n't have to act alone . Yes , slowing down poses the risk that Assad may kill more innocent people , but is n't this risk outweighed by the many more innocent lives that will be lost if we once again act incautiously ?
Moreover , I 'd encourage Obama to seriously take a careful look at what the long-term fallout of a violent intervention will be . While violence always looks like a solution in the short run , it turns out to only lead to an escalation of violence in the long run . How will a unilateral US intervention on another largely Arab country harden more Muslims against the US and be used to recruit more terrorists in the future ? I 'd encourage them to seriously consider just how little ( if anything ) has been accomplished in Iraq and Afghanistan over the last 10 years , and at such an enormous price . And if the Assad regime collapses , are we reasonably sure the regime that replaces them will be any better ?
Finally , if Obama solicited my advice , I 'd inquire if all other avenues of resolving this crisis have really been exhausted . Have we exhausted all attempts to achieve a diplomatic solution with Assad ? Have we exhausted all attempts to dialogue with them and/or with their allies ? I know the media is now painting this leader out to be a Hitler-like madman who ca n't be reasoned with ( and their mustache does n't help this image ) , but it was n't long ago when this western educated leader was a considered a reasonable , and even humble , ally of the US . What happened ? Are we to believe that this former dentist just lost their mind and soul ? Do they have a legitimate grievance with the US that we might be able to rectify ? Is there anything we can do to open the door to dialogue and move toward a non-violent resolution of this conflict .
And if Obama answered “ yes ” to all these questions , I 'd ask them if he 'd allow me to ask one further , slightly more personal , question : “ Brother Obama , as a professing follower of Jesus , how do you reconcile your position as Commander in Chief with your allegiance to Christ ? ”
I 'd end by promising to pray for them – and Assad – and the US – and the Syrian people . For at the end of the day , I have far more confidence that prayers like this will accomplish more in the long run than bombing ever will .
Football championship attendances plummeting October 20 , 2016
Kerry 's Darran O'Sullivan and Gordon Kelly of Clare .
©INPHO/Lorraine O'Sullivan . Kerry 's Darran O'Sullivan and Gordon Kelly of Clare.©INPHO/Lorraine O'Sullivan .
Attendances at intercounty senior football championship matches are dropping to alarming lows .
The average attendance at this summer 's championship matches was 13,146 - the lowest average since the Qualifiers and All-Ireland quarter-finals were introduced in 2001 .
Average crowds peaked at 20,172 in 2007 but have been in steady decline since , failing to rise about the 15,000 mark in each of the last five years .
The total number of people who attended football championship matches in 2016 - excluding replays - was 788,746 - a drop of more than 100,000 from last year !
Over one million spectators flocked through the turnstiles every summer from 2001 until 2009 but this sort of numbers is now just a distant memory .
There were four replays this year and they attracted an additional 136,000 , taking the overall total to 924,746 .
Most Read Stories
Donald Trump attacked a college student online in October 2015 .
In October 2015 , then-18-year-old Lauren Batchelder asked Trump a question at a political forum in New Hampshire . “ So , maybe I 'm wrong , maybe you can prove me wrong , but I do n't think you 're a friend to women , ” they said . Trump defended himself , and Batchelder took the mic again , asking if she 'd get equal pay and access to abortion with Trump as president . Trump answered : “ You 're going to make the same if you do as good of a job , and I happen to be pro-life , okay ? ”
Batchelder thought that was the end of it , but when they woke up the next day , they realized that the current president-elect had sent out a series of tweets about them “ The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer ! ” they tweeted . ( Batchelder is not , and has never been , a staffer for Jeb Bush , though they did volunteer for their campaign . ) Their followers replied with screenshots of Batchelder and posted their phone number and other personal information online .
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer ! HOW CAN They BEAT RUSSIA & CHINA ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 13 , 2015
Within hours , their phone began to ring , and their email inbox and Facebook account filled with threatening messages . “ I did n't really know what anyone was going to do , ” Batchelder , now 19 , told the Washington Post . “ He was only going to tweet about it and that was it , but I did n't really know what their supporters were going to do , and that to me was the scariest part . ”
They said the abuse has continued , prompting one Trump supporter to send them a Facebook message five days before the election that read , “ Wishing I could f—ing punch you in the face . id then proceed to stomp your head on the curb and urinate in your bloodied mouth and i know where you live , so watch your f—ing back punk . ”
Batchelder 's case illustrates what happens when Trump , who has more than 17 million Twitter followers , goes after a private citizen online . And far from showing restraint as theirs following has grown , Trump has continued the pattern . On Wednesday they attacked Chuck Jones , a union leader , who wrote in the Washington Post Thursday that their office is now receiving threats , too .
Chuck Jones , who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 , has done a terrible job representing workers . No wonder companies flee country ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 8 , 2016
“ I think I am very restrained , and I talk about important things , ” Trump said of their Twitter presence during an appearance on the Today show this week . “ I get it out much faster than a press release . I get it out much more honestly than dealing with … dishonest reporters . So many reporters are dishonest . ”
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton 's campaign ignored America 's largest police union , and refused to fill out a questionnaire it sends out to presidential candidates on issues important to police .
Chuck Canterbury , president of the National Fraternal Order of Police , said Clinton 's snub “ sends a powerful message. ” Canterbury was “ disappointed and shocked ” Clinton 's campaign refused to fill out the questionnaire and will not be meeting with officials from the union , which represents 335,000 members of the law enforcement community , according to The Hill .
The Fraternal Order of Police has a strict process in place for endorsing a presidential candidate . It sends each candidate a comprehensive questionnaire which is to be completed and returned by a certain date , at which point the union distributes the answers to its membership . In September , the state chapters of the union vote , and if a candidate receives a majority of support in at least two-thirds of the states , the candidate receives the union 's endorsement .
Republican nominee Donald Trump met with leaders of the Fraternal Order Friday , and submitted a questionnaire . Trump has been regularly voicing support for police officers and courting their support for November . One of Trump 's major themes on the campaign trail is “ law and order . ”
According to Canterbury , the union was , “ talking to the highest levels of the campaign , and we had all indications that they were going to return the questionnaire , and on the deadline date we were advised that they declined . ”
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani told Fox and Friends , “ You do n't even go talk to and seek the endorsement of one of the major police unions in the country ? ” Giuliani asserted the decision not to court members of the law enforcement community makes the point that the Democratic Party has “ gone so far to the left now , so far to the left , that it wo n't even seek the endorsement of the major police organization in the country . ”
The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed Bill Clinton in 1996 , George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 , and supported Sen. John McCain in 2008 . While President Barack Obama filled out the questionnaire both in 2008 and 2012 , the union did not endorse them in 2012 because neither Obama nor former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney were able to secure the majority of votes in two-thirds of the states .
Clinton spokesperson Jesse Ferguson did n't specifically respond to the questionnaire , but said , “ Hillary and their team have engaged law enforcement throughout the campaign to listen to ideas and solutions , and they will continue to do so as president . ”
“ Throughout their career , Hillary Clinton has been committed to our law enforcement officers , ” Ferguson said . “ She believes we must work together to build on what 's working and to build the bonds of trust between police and the communities they serve — because we are stronger together . ”
Follow Ted on Twitter
Send Tips to ted @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Howdy hunters ,
The time has come and our beautiful Labrador retrievers are finally here !
Before rushing to the store to get yourself a new hunting buddy , make sure to read the release notes carefully and watch the accompanying tutorial video . As you must have seen in our pre-release livestream , your lab comes with new features and new gameplay , so this info put together by our game designer Daniel which covers commands , skills , stamina and more tips and tricks about your lab will sure come in handy . Right now your labs will help you retrieve Canada Geese , Mallard Ducks and Pheasants , but , following community suggestions we 've also decided to add rabbits to the list of retrievable species . This 'll be implemented further down the line .
We 've prepared a tasty offer that you 'd be barking mad to refuse . If you buy a dog before Wednesday 17th 12:00 CEST you 'll get a 20 % discount and receive a cherry on top – an exclusive leather collar which wo n't be available in store afterwards . Please note that the free leather collar offer is only available in the Bundles section in the store . You can however buy dogs separately in the Dogs section . If the leather collar is not your dog 's cup of tea then there is an array of multicoloured collars available to suit every lab coat .
While we 're on the subject of special offers , we have another one for you – since this is a bird retrieving dog , there 's a sweet deal for those of you who have n't indulged in the fine art of bird hunting yet – until the end of the weekend you can buy everything needed to hunt Mallards , Geese and Pheasants , at a very generous discount . These three species will also be free to hunt until the end of the weekend – real bird fest !
An important note ; although we 're releasing the dog today , in the next weeks we will be closely watching your feedback and further tweaking , fixing and fine-tuning our retrievers , so we 'd really appreciate it if you could share with us everything and anything about your new dog . We 've created a special forum for all dog-related discussions in which you can report anything good or bad , and we 'll make sure to jump on bugs and issues on the fly . In a couple of weeks we 're going to release a short survey focused on dogs for you to share your feedback on the Labrador retriever and make suggestions for future breeds .
And last but not least – Pär has prepared a special package of 6 dog missions for you to hang out with your new buddy and try to win this lovely trophy ( will be released a bit later today ) . These are time-limited missions , and you have until Wednesday 17th at 12:00 CEST to complete them .
I wo n't hold you any longer . Now it 's time to … Sit ! – Get out the blind ! – Fetch !
Happy hunting with your dog !
Discussion
https : //dandelionsalad.wordpress.com/
www.presstv.ir/
Sun , 07 Feb 2010 07:48:11 GMT
As Israel keeps threatening the regional countries with war , Egyptian maritime sources say the Israeli navy has deployed two missile ships to the Persian Gulf .
Citing the sources , Yediot Ahronot reported Saturday that two Israeli missile ships passed through the Suez Canal en rout to the Red Sea on Thursday morning .
The sources said the ships are expected to reach the Persian Gulf within the next four days .
According to the report , Cairo adopted tight security measures to ensure the safe passage of the Israeli ships through the canal .
The waterway , which had not previously been used by Israeli vessels for intelligence reasons , was traversed for the first time in June 2009 when a Dolphin-class submarine ( a nuclear German-made submarine ) reportedly sailed from the Mediterranean to reach military exercises in the Red Sea .
h/t : CLG
FAIR USE NOTICE : This blog may contain copyrighted material . Such material is made available for educational purposes , to advance understanding of human rights , democracy , scientific , moral , ethical , and social justice issues , etc . This constitutes a ‘ fair use ' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C . section 107 of the US Copyright Law . In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C . Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes . If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘ fair use ' , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
see
Israel threatens to ‘ use force ' against Iran
Israel Launches Airstrikes On Gaza
Israel-Palestine-Gaza-Occupation
Lebanon Warns of a Possible Israeli Attack – February 06 , 2010
I made an assumption regarding the aftermath of a postgame exchange between the Seahawks defensive end and a reporter . That led to a misrepresentation , which led to an unfair critique . I apologize for that , to both Bennett and readers .
There will be no excuses here , no justifications , no attempts to explain it away .
I made a mistake this weekend . And I want to apologize .
In Sunday 's editions of the Seattle Times and online at seattletimes.com , I wrote a column entitled “ Seahawks ' Michael Bennett does great things , but why the immaturity ? ” In it , I cited a host of qualities that made Bennett one of the NFL 's most interesting and admirable players .
He 's a great quote . He 's fearless in their political stances . He 's committed to multiple charities . And he 's one of the toughest , most talented players in the league .
But in the second half of the piece , I added some criticism . I suggested that if Bennett wants to maximize the power of their platform , they have to dispense with their erratic , sometimes off-putting behavior .
From the column : “ I was 10 feet away from Bennett after that playoff loss to the Falcons when they ripped into a reporter for asking a fair question about the pass rush . They called them a “ non-playing ( expletive ) ” and asked what kind of adversity he 'd been through , implying that there was no way it could be on par with an NFL player . Well , that reporter survived cancer , which Bennett obviously did n't know . But the fact that they never apologized or even acknowledged it reeks of immaturity . ”
I expected the story to be explosive . What I did n't expect was a full-on mushroom cloud .
After catching wind of the column , Bennett took to Twitter to say they would never talk to our paper for the rest of their career , and they would encourage their teammates to do the same . Fans then directed hundreds of angry tweets my way , and national outlets picked up the piece .
I admit I was rattled , but after talking to friends and colleagues , I slept soundly Sunday night knowing I 'd written exactly what I believed . But when I turned on the radio Monday morning , my heart sank to my stomach . It 's still down there .
At 10 a.m. , ESPN 710 's Gee Scott joined John Clayton to discuss my column . And while doing so , Scott emphasized that Bennett had privately apologized to Bill Wixey , the Q13 reporter they berated in Atlanta . Q13 's news director confirmed as much , adding that Bennett and Wixey “ left the conversation in a good place . ”
I was happy for Wixey . I was horrified at myself .
Bennett 's profanity-laced tirade was n't the only example I used when questioning their conduct , but it was my primary argument . Any time they promoted a charity or spoke out on an issue , I 'd think , “ Great , but you ca n't tell one guy you 're sorry ? ”
Except they did say sorry . They just did n't do it publicly .
Sure , there is still a part of me that wonders why Bennett kept it private . If they are serious about being a role model , I feel like it would have been in their best interest to show their contrition to the world . But it 's also possible that Wixey , who could n't be reached for comment , asked Bennett to keep the apology between them so the story would die . I just do n't know .
What I do know is that I should have reached out to Wixey before posting my column . The fact that I did n't was just plain lazy .
I made an assumption , which led to a misrepresentation , which led to an unfair critique . I apologize for that .
I apologize , first and foremost , to Michael Bennett , who read the column after hosting a pair of charity events this weekend . As I said throughout my story , and later in a tweet , I have great respect for the defensive end who is trying to make a difference .
Is their boycott an overreaction ? Maybe if everything I wrote were true . But considering I distorted the facts , I can understand their anger .
I also apologize to the readers . Credibility is everything in my profession , and I just undermined my own .
It 's one thing to post a wrong score or misspell a name . It 's another to build a premise around false information .
Hopefully nobody sees this is as a surrender to blowback . If columnists are n't swimming in vitriol from time to time , they probably are n't doing their jobs . But if columnists are making claims without doing the necessary reporting , they definitely are n't doing their jobs .
So once more , my bad .
Part of my duty is to hold people accountable . That includes myself .
Image copyright other Image caption A number of pictures have been posted on the Twitter account named Umm Layth
A young woman from Glasgow has travelled to Syria and has been promoting terrorism back home via their Twitter account , it is understood .
Aqsa Mahmood , 20 , was reported missing by their family in November 2013 .
A Twitter account under the name Umm Layth , believed to be Ms Mahmood , said : `` Follow the examples of your brothers from Woolwich , Texas and Boston .
`` If you can not make it to the battlefield then bring the battlefield to yourself . ''
The post was made on the Twitter account in June . The account has now been deactivated .
Ms Mahmood 's family have described them as a `` studious and ambitious girl '' and said they `` can not understand why they have travelled to Syria '' .
Image copyright other
They were a pupil at Craigholme School and Shawlands Academy in Glasgow .
In a statement , issued by Police Scotland , their family said : `` We had no knowledge of our daughter 's plans to leave Scotland and immediately reported them as a missing person to the police .
`` Aqsa is a studious and ambitious girl and we can not understand why they have travelled to Syria .
`` We are struggling to come to terms with the situation and we are working with the police . ''
A Police Scotland spokesperson added : `` A ( then aged ) 19-year-old female from Scotland was reported missing to Police Scotland by their family in November 2013 .
`` Inquiries are ongoing in relation to their whereabouts and we are supporting them family . ''
Donald Trump blasted one of MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe ” hosts as mentally unstable and the other as a “ mess ” Friday in their latest tweet attacks prompted by the show 's criticism of their campaign .
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @ morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @ Morning_Joe . Joe a mess !
Trump and the morning show hosts started feuding after their last appearance on the show in May .
On Friday , the “ Morning Joe ” panel of guests lambasted Trump 's campaign for operating a single field office in Florida . Host Joe Scarborough pointed to the 2012 election as an example of the stark difference between Trump 's campaign and past efforts in Florida — former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney had 48 field offices , President Obama had 102 .
“ ESPN Factor ” noted as limiting facial hair growth amongst leadership
After two decades of employment persecution and nearly being shaved out of existence forever , the Mustached American is back and prospering in the U.S. workforce . However , as a new survey conducted by the American Mustache Institute and Wahl Trimmers reveals , the freedom to wear facial hair in the workplace may come with a price .
Nearly 92 percent of the 1,109 people who participated in the Workplace Mustache Survey believe mustaches are appropriate attire for the workplace and 65 percent feel facial hair should be encouraged at work . Despite the overwhelming acceptance of facial hair on the job , only 30 percent of those surveyed said they were supervised by a worker with a mustache , indicating a “ facial hair ceiling ” in the American workplace .
“ It 's encouraging to know that nine out of 10 Americans surveyed believe mustaches are appropriate for the workplace , ” said American Mustache Institute Chief Executive Officer Dr. Adam Paul Causgrove . “ But it would appear there is a definitive ‘ facial hair ceiling , ' if you will , presenting Mustached Americans with fewer opportunities for advancement and leadership than their clean-shaven counterparts . ”
In addition to the disappearance of facial hair amongst most global CEOs , U.S. politicians and heads of state , AMI 's Dept . of Research & Anthropology cites a direct correlation between the lack of facial hair among the on-air talent on the ESPN sports network – noted as the “ ESPN factor ” – in driving the “ facial hair ceiling .
“ Clearly , the ‘ facial hair ceiling ' is very real , and as the most rabidly consumed information sources for today 's male ages 21-48 , there is an ESPN factor at play here , ” added Dr. Causgrove . “ Yet our study demonstrates that the unreasonably clean-shaven standards the network sets are no longer the status quo . The smooth-faced tyranny of Kirk Herbstreit , Kenny Mayne and Scott Van Pelt will continue to crumble as Americans seek more powerful , sexually dynamic living . ”
The survey also showed a perception of the Mustached American as a hard-working and impressively sculpted co-worker , yet surprisingly less tan , rebuffing the deep historical perception of the archetypal-bronzed Mustached American of the 1970s . Additionally , more than half of respondents associated Mustached American lifestyles with excessive alcohol intake ( 69 percent ) and being persistently well-groomed ( 60 percent ) .
Understanding the conservative nature of the corporate business environment , Ben Phillips , master barber for Wahl Trimmers , suggests the following tips for grooming for the workplace :
Choose the right style – The key to a well-groomed look is to understand what style works best suits your face . Start with something less risky and work your way up .
– The key to a well-groomed look is to understand what style works best suits your face . Start with something less risky and work your way up . Get help from a pro – A professional barber can help you define the look you 're going for . Simply bring in a few photos of styles you want and they 'll take it from there .
– A professional barber can help you define the look you 're going for . Simply bring in a few photos of styles you want and they 'll take it from there . Keep it clean and detailed – The best way to look polished and put-together is to keep it clean and detailed . Regularly trim your facial hair and keep your lines .
With acceptance of Mustached American lifestyles seemingly growing overall — a vast majority of those surveyed ( 93 percent ) said they would recommend a job opening to a mustached friend while 78 percent said they have either considered or are currently enjoying a sexually dynamic Mustached American lifestyle – AMI 's Dr. Causgrove believes more work is needed .
“ Our job is far from over , ” they said . “ Through our partnership with Wahl Trimmers , we will fight this issue and we believe it is only a matter of time before a sexually dynamic Mustached American lifestyle proliferate popular culture as it did in the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s , and we can look to the abundance of facial hair among professional athletes as an example of this cultural change . ”
Among the 1,109 people surveyed , 67 percent reported being of Mustached American descent , 65 percent of the audience identifies as being employed in a white-collar workplace while 35 percent identified themselves as being employed in a blue-collar profession .
The full white paper and details of the Workplace Mustache Survey can be founded at AmericanMustacheInstitute.org .
To see a gallery of workplace friendly mustaches visit wahlnation.com .
ABOUT AMI
The American Mustache Institute , the bravest organization in the history of humankind behind only the U.S. Military and the post-Jim Henson Muppets is the world 's only facial hair advocacy and research organization with more than 800 global chapters . The organization battles negative stereotypes and discrimination against the Mustached American community and is committed to recapturing the 1970s-era glory years of Mustached American culture when there existed a climate of acceptance , understanding , and flavor saving for people of Mustached American heritage .
ABOUT WAHLTRIMMERS
A quarter-century ago , Wahl recognized the desire for well kept facial hair and created the trimmer category . The Wahl Groomsman was the world 's first battery operated facial hair trimmer , and featured the same type of blade quality that defined Wahl clippers . And for the past 25+ years , that innovation has continued , developing trimmers for specific facial hairstyles – beard , goatee and mustache – and other variations including ear/nose , body grooming and all-in-one . Wahl introduced the first trimmer to harness the next generation of lithium-ion power that continues a legacy of superior trimming innovation .
( Revised Edition , April 2018 )
Welcome to New Earth and Paramis Altered , where dragons and humankind are living side by side thanks to a supernatural , catastrophic event .
Justin Silas is a dragon who can change into mortal form at will . When their world , Paramis , collides with Earth , destruction wreaks havoc on both lands .
Cerras , the God of Paramis , has willed themselves to sleep after breathing life into the world , allowing dragons and humankind to reign in theirs stead .
But all is not well .
Lane , a traitorous dragon to their own kind is turning humankind against dragons . They long to usurp the throne of Cerras and destroy the god with their own power .
Yet fate lies with Charlie Underhill , a small boy from Earth , who - since the collision - harbors a special kind of magic all their own .
ST. LOUIS — Donald Trump launched a surprise attack an hour before the presidential debate Sunday , broadcasting on Facebook a panel discussion with three women who have accused former President Bill Clinton of sexual assault .
Appearing at a conference room in a hotel near the debate site , Mr. Trump was seated next to the the three women — Juanita Broaddrick , Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey — who for years have accused Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton 's husband rape or sexual assault .
A fourth woman on the panel , Kathy Shelton , has spoken out against Mrs. Clinton , who as an attorney defended the man who raped them when they were 12 years old , and allegedly laughed at getting them a light sentence despite knowing they were guilty .
“ These four very courageous women have asked to be here , and it was our honor to help them , ” said Mr. Trump .
The stunt signaled Mr. Trump 's plans to hit back hard in the debate after their campaign suffered dire wounds from a 2005 video tape that surfaced Friday in which they banter about their womanizing and boasts about getting away with groping women because of their celebrity status .
“ Actions speak louder than words , ” said Ms. Broaddrick , who accused Mr. Clinton of raping them in 1978 . “ Mr . Trump may have said some bad words , but Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened me . I do n't think there 's any comparison . ”
A reporter asked Mr. Trump why they said they could touch women without their consent , setting off Ms. Jones .
“ Why do n't you go ask Bill Clinton that ? Why do n't you ask Hillary as well , ” said Ms. Jones , an Arkansas state employee who sued Mr. Clinton for sexual harassment when they were governor .
Kellyanne Conway , Trump 's campaign manager , also challenged Mrs. Clinton to show that they truly believe — as the former secretary of state wrote on Twitter a year ago — that “ every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard , believe , and supported . ”
“ We agree @ Hillaryclinton , ” Ms. Conway said on Twitter . “ Does that go for Juanita , Kathleen , Kathy and Paula ? If so , acknowledge them from the stage tonight . # girlpower . ”
Mrs. Clinton appeared to respond on Twitter , writing “ remember ” and posting a clip from First Lady Michelle Obama 's address at the Democratic National Convention , where they said “ When they go low , we go high . ”
Trump surrogates also drove home the same message on cable news networks , pushing back against the idea that this was a political stunt , and arguing these women 's stories could sway millennial voters .
“ There are many women out there — 20 percent of my generation — who saw that and it is the first time they heard this story , ” Kayleigh McEnany said on a CNN panel . “ This is a victory for every victim of sexual assault that these women were heard tonight and they were believed . ”
• Seth McLaughlin in Washington contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Hey there , thank you for the kind words ! I think decals could help , I also thought about making tiling the UVs of the mesh from their worldPos but that means I would need to alter UVs on potentially hundreds of pieces .
Maybe I 'll just place a random flag , or window or just a wooden post .
I saw that algorithm yesterday thank you it looks nice , I think it could work since I 'm generating box colliders for each segments of the wall .
It 's fine since I would only be checking the building 's origin as you ca n't build a wall where there 's a building , and you ca n't place a building if it 's colliding with something else so there will never be a case where a building is touching or placed inside a wall .
Click to expand ...
In many ways , Warsaw will be a sequel to Wales .
Two years ago , NATO was in emergency mode . Today it is planning for a long and tense conflict .
Two years ago , the Atlantic alliance went back to basics , refocusing on its core mission of defending its members . Today it is methodically putting the pieces in place to contain and deter an increasingly revanchist Russia .
The last time NATO heads of state gathered , in Newport , Wales , back in September 2014 , the annexation of Crimea and the conflict in eastern Ukraine were only months old , and Russia 's aggressive stance toward the West was just taking shape .
`` Hybrid war '' was still a fresh term that everybody was scrambling to understand .
If Wales 2014 was about an immediate response to a crisis , the alliance 's summit this week in Warsaw will be about building the stable and sturdy security architecture for a long-term standoff with Moscow .
Decisions made in the Polish capital on July 8-9 , alliance officials say , will resonate for decades to come .
`` It will be a sign of the new times , when we will redefine Western security to deal more appropriately with the sea-change we have witnessed in this realm , '' Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves said in a speech in May .
The summit is also unfolding in the shadow of `` Brexit , '' in the emotionally charged environment following the United Kingdom 's vote to leave the European Union .
So what should we expect in Warsaw ?
The Eastern Front
Deterring Russia and reassuring the NATO 's frontline states that border it will , of course , be the dominant theme at the summit .
`` Transatlantic leaders must confront a jarring reality : the peace , security , and democratic stability of Europe can no longer be taken for granted , '' former U.S . Ambassador to NATO Nicholas Burns and former NATO commander James Jones wrote in a recent report for the Atlantic Council .
Two years ago in Wales , NATO decided to set up new military facilities in Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , and Romania , and established a new rapid-response force that could assist endangered members within two days .
In Warsaw , the alliance is expected to further reinforce its eastern flank with four combat battalions of up to 1,000 soldiers each in Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , and Poland .
The United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , and Canada have agreed to command one battalion each .
The U.S.-led battalion is likely to deploy to Poland , probably in or near the Suwalki Gap , a roughly 100-kilometer stretch of the Polish-Lithuanian border wedged between Belarus and Russia 's Kaliningrad region .
Military planners fear that in the event of a conflict , Russia could capture the gap , effectively cutting off the Baltics from the rest of the alliance .
The German-led battalion is expected to deploy to Lithuania , the British-led one to Estonia , and the fourth to Latvia .
Washington has also agreed to station a heavy brigade of 3,500 U.S. troops that will work in both the Baltic region and in Bulgaria and Romania , where a key base is being expanded for U.S. use as a training center .
Additionally , NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said in June that the alliance will consider an offer from Romania to host and command a multinational brigade of between 3,000 and 5,000 troops that would coordinate training and also play a deterrent role .
`` These are not war-fighting formations , '' Mark Galeotti , a senior research fellow at the Czech Institute of International Relations , said on The Power Vertical Podcast .
`` A thousand troops here or there , no matter how good they may be and no matter how well-equipped , are not going to turn the tide in the case of an apocalyptic war with Russia . They are political markers . They say : 'if you want to go into these countries you are not just going to be killing Estonians and Latvians , but Americans and Germans . ' This is very significant . ''
Northern Exposure
But what if deterrence fails ?
Due to the geography of Northern Europe , military analysts say the Baltic states are vulnerable to a determined Russian advance even with significant NATO troops on the ground .
A recent war game by the RAND Corporation concluded that NATO would need seven brigades , including three with heavy armor , `` adequately supported by air power ... and other enablers on the ground '' in order `` to prevent the rapid overrun of the Baltic states . ''
But even that would not be `` sufficient to mount a sustained defense of the region or to achieve NATO 's ultimate end state of restoring its members ' territorial integrity . ''
And this , analysts say , is one of the reasons NATO is increasingly looking to two nonmembers , Finland and Sweden , as increasingly close partners and allies .
`` Without Finnish and Swedish help , NATO will be hard-pressed to defend the Baltic states against a determined Russian attack , '' Edward Lucas , author of The New Cold War , wrote recently .
And with Finland and Sweden on NATO 's side , the equation changes substantially .
Neither of the two historically neutral countries are ready to join the alliance yet , but support for that is on the rise in both , particularly in Sweden . Both also commissioned studies this year to explore the effects of membership .
Sweden and Finland are clearly moving closer to NATO , a trend that will likely be very visible in Warsaw .
In May , Sweden 's parliament approved a host-nation support agreement with NATO , allowing the alliance to more easily operate on Swedish territory during training or in the event of a conflict or other crisis .
This summer , Swedish and Finnish foreign and defense ministers participated in meetings in Brussels with their 28 NATO counterparts , the first time such a format was used .
Alliance officials say the formula , known as `` 28 plus two , '' is likely to be continued in the future .
Southern Discomfort
Russia 's annexation of Crimea and its militarization of the peninsula is also forcing NATO to look south , with a renewed focus on the Black Sea , which Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said risks becoming a `` Russian lake . ''
`` By invading Ukraine and annexing Crimea , Russian President Vladimir Putin has transformed the security situation in the Black Sea , '' Stephen Blank , a senior fellow at the American Foreign Policy Council , wrote recently .
In an effort to push back , Romania plans to offer a proposal in Warsaw calling for a permanent multinational naval patrol in the Black Sea .
Speaking at a press conference in June , Stoltenberg said the issue will be `` on the table '' at the summit due to the `` substantial Russian buildup in Crimea . ''
But creating a so-called NATO Black Sea fleet is proving controversial .
Bulgarian Prime Minister Boiko Borisov has made it clear that their country is opposed to , and would not participate in , such an initiative .
At a press conference in June , Borisov said such a move would `` turn the Black Sea into a territory of war '' and that they `` wants to see cruising yachts , and tourists , rather than warships . ''
Bulgaria 's opposition means the issue will probably be one of the most hotly debated issues in Warsaw .
The Cyber-Battlefield
NATO will also be turning its attention to cyberwarfare in Warsaw , alliance officials say , continuing a trend that began in Wales .
`` At our previous summit , we made clear that cyberdefense is part of NATO 's core task of collective defense , and confirmed that international law applies in cyberspace , '' a senior NATO official said .
`` At Warsaw , we will take another step ahead : recognizing cyberspace as an operational domain , in addition to air , sea , and land . ''
Classifying cyberspace as a domain , the official added , will enable NATO to better manage its resources and integrate cyberdefense into its exercises , training , and responses to crises .
A French television network , a German steelmaker , the Polish stock market , the White House , the U.S. House of Representatives , the U.S. State Department , and The New York Times are among those who have been on the receiving end of Russian cyberattacks in recent years .
Additionally , NATO is also expected to formally approve a `` comprehensive assistance package '' for Ukraine that was approved in June .
Enlargement , however , appears to be off the table for the foreseeable future , with the exception of Montenegro , which signed as `` accession protocol '' with NATO in May , will participate in the Warsaw summit as an observer , and is expected to join the alliance some time next year .
On the eve of the summit , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visited Georgia and Ukraine to reassure those two countries that the alliance 's door remains open .
`` The official NATO 'open doors policy ' for alliance enlargement remains in place but it is difficult to see how potential candidates such as Georgia , Moldova , and Ukraine can move forward , '' John McColl , a former deputy NATO commander , wrote recently .
Be aware and beware
( NaturalNews ) We here atpride ourselves in providing our readers with the most valuable , up-to-date news and information on a wide range of health-related issues , but we especially like to discuss nutrition because so much of our health depends on what we put in our bodies - and what weput in them.See the NaturalNews infographic at : With that latter thought in mind , we 've developed an infographic to highlight the top 10 GMO ( genetically modified organism ) foods to avoid , in no particular order:1. : It goes without saying that many biotech companies say genetically modified foods are safe for you , but as GMO science expands , reseachers are finding more evidence that such foods can harm your health . One of those is zucchini . While not as potentially harmful as other GM foods , zucchini is nonetheless `` engineered '' to resist some strains of virus.2 . : Considered a food item because its oil can be consumed , cotton - in particular , genetically modified Bt cotton , common to India and China - has damaging consequences . According to recent Chinese research , while Bt cotton is capable of killing bollworms without the use of insecticides , its decreased use has increased the presence of other crop-harming pests . Also , Bt cotton production has been linked to drastic depletion of soil nutrients and lower crop yields , as well as much higher water requirements.3 . : This is probably one of the most misunderstood , misguided `` healthy '' food choices out there right now , but there is little about canola - and similar oils - that is good for you . Extracted from rapeseed , canola oil and others must be chemically removed from the seeds , then deodorized and altered , in order to be utilized in foods . They are among the most chemically altered foods in our diets.4 . : An artificial sweetener found in a number of products , aspartame - discovered by accident in 1965 by a chemist testing an anti-ulcer drug - accounts for as many as 75 percent of adverse reactions to food additives reported to the ( FDA ) , according to some reports . Some seizures and even some deaths have been blamed on aspartame.5 . : A disturbingly high number - as many as one-fifth - of dairy cows in the U.S. today are given growth hormones to increase milk production , a figure that has been rising since the FDA approved a genetically engineered recombinant bovine growth hormone known as rbGH or rbST for use in dairy cows in 1993 . While said to boost production by 5-15 percent , scientists have expressed concern that the increased levels of IGF-1 ( insulin growth factors-1 ) from hormone-treated cows may boost the risks of colon and breast cancer . Since 2008 , Hiland Dairy has stopped using milk from dairy farmers who inject their cows with growth hormone.6 . : Modified now to create its own insecticide , as many as half of all U.S. farms growing corn for Monsanto are using genetically modified corn , with tons of it now being introduced for human consumption , according to the FDA . Doctors atin Quebec recently found Bt toxin from modified corn in the blood of pregnant women and their babies , as well as in non-pregnant women.7 . : Genetically modified papayas have been grown in Hawaii commercially since 1999 , designed to combat the Papaya Ringspot Virus . Approved for sale and consumption in the U.S. and Canada , GM papayas can not be imported or sold in the European Union.8 . : Sugar from genetically modified sugar beets hit the market in the U.S. in 2009 . They were modified by the Monsanto Corporation to be resistant to the company 's Roundup herbicide . In 2010 a group of Oregon farmers sued to stop planting that year of Monsanto 's genetically altered sugar beets over fears the crops could cross-contaminate other nearby fields.9 . : Like other foods , soy , too , has been genetically modified to resist herbicides . Soy is included in soy flour , tofu , soy beverages , soybean oil and scores of other products , especially baked goods and pastries . According to one report , `` [ a ] fter feeding hamsters for two years over three generations , those on the GM diet , and especially the group on the maximum GM soy diet , showed devastating results . By the third generation , most GM soy-fed hamsters lost the ability to have babies . They also suffered slower growth , and a high mortality rate among the pups . `` 10.Like zucchini , yellow squash is also a fast-rising GMO crop in the U.S. , and as such , should cause you concern . If you like squash - and scores of Americans do - check out a farmer 's market that does n't sell GMO squash or grow your own using non-modified seed .
In this tutorial for Maschine software , learn how to use effect modulation and other features to create a tape stop effect .
This process lets you make a sample or other instrument slow down and lower in pitch , mimicking the sound of a track coming to a stop .
First , I set up the effect by duplicating my desired group and creating a pattern with room for the effect . I want to place the effect on a slice that plays for a few bars . If things are too busy , the effect can sound rushed .
With everything set up , I move on to recording the pitch modulation . This is the main bulk of the effect . After I have a sound that I like , I go back to the slice and change its settings to create a volume fade along with the pitch change . This subtle addition really polishes off the effect and makes it fit in with the rest of the project .
If you want to apply this effect to the master bus , you 'll have to use a VST . I recommend Guitar Rig – it has a pitch pedal that you can open up and then modulate the pitch setting to get a nice tape stop effect .
Thanks for watching and make sure to check out our other tutorials !
2016 Democratic presidential candidate touches on issues ranging from social justice to economic quality
2016 Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders continued their tour of California on Wednesday , June 1 , when they spoke to a crowd of more than 9,000 students and community members at UC Davis . Pushing their campaign 's dialogue on social justice and economic equality , Sanders ' appearance comes just ahead of the June 7 primary on Tuesday .
The event , which began at 8 p.m. at UC Davis ' Hutchison Intramural Field , opened with a speech by Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( D-HI ) , a veteran of the Iraq war , who spoke of their time in the military and their support for Sanders ' views on foreign policy .
“ During my first deployment to Iraq , I worked in a medical unit where every single day I was confronted with that high and heavy cost of war , ” Gabbard said . “ I saw through those experiences just how critical it is that we elect a commander in chief that has good judgement , who has foresight and who knows when it may be necessary to use military power to defeat those who threaten the safety and security of the American people . I 'm confident that Bernie Sanders has that intelligence . ”
In a speech that lasted roughly an hour , Sanders covered several issues throughout the night , including their criticism of media , the need for environmental justice , and a call to reform California 's educational and prison systems .
“ In recent years here in California , but in all over this country , we have been busy building jails , ” Sanders said . “ We have built jails but not colleges . It 's time to reverse that trend . It is time to understand , that it cost less money to send a young person to the University of California than to send them to jail . ”
Sanders , who serves as a state senator from Vermont , was an independent up until last year . As they seek the Democratic nomination , Sanders has spoken recently of their support to decriminalize marijuana , including last night when they encouraged voters in California to legalize the drug on the November ballot .
“ We must rethink the so-called war on drugs , ” Sanders said . “ It turns out that over the last 30 years , millions of Americans have received police records , criminal records for the possession of marijuana . And if you are a 19-year-old kid applying for a job , and your prospective employer asks you if you 've ever been arrested , that criminal record can cost you a job opportunity . ”
With many college students in attendance , Sanders continued to make their case for free tuition at public universities , a platform that has strongly resonated with young voters , who continue to represent one of their largest groups of supporters this election .
“ Young people are asking me a very important question , ” Sanders said . “ ‘ How does it happen that when young people do exactly the right thing and go out and try to get the best education that they can , why is it that they are ending up 30 , 50 , 70 thousand dollars in debt ? ' We live in a competitive global economy . We need the best educated workforce in the world . We should be encouraging , rewarding people , to get an education , not punishing them . ”
Leading up to the California primary , Sanders has managed to build a campaign that has competed heavily with their Democratic competitor , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Sanders , who has recently stepped up their criticism of Clinton and the Democratic establishment , continues to see their polling numbers rise ahead of Tuesday 's primary .
In a statement released before Wednesday 's event , Davis Students for Hillary urged Sanders to tone down their attacks on Secretary Clinton , arguing that they remain the likely nominee for the Democratic party in the presidential election .
“ When this campaign began supporters of Secretary Clinton had great respect and admiration for Senator Sanders , ” read the press release . “ Senator Sanders ' focus on attacking Secretary Clinton 's character , and questioning the character of their supporters has strained that support among democrats . Progressive democrats like Governor [ Jerry ] Brown and Senator [ Barbara ] Boxer have done great work for the people of California , we should celebrate these efforts . Today we hope Senator Sanders focuses on policy . We hope they come to Davis with an inclusive message . ”
As Sanders continues to make their case for the Democratic nomination , they hope that a win in California next Tuesday can boost their chances for November . As they spoke to the crowd in Davis , they urged voters to show up and lend their support .
“ Let us have the largest voter turnout in democratic primary history in California , ” said Sanders , to an enthusiastic crowd of supporters . “ And let this great state , this progressive state , tell the world you are going to help lead us into the political revolution . ”
Written by : Ivan Valenzuela – campus @ theaggie.org
After releasing their third studio album on September 8th , ODESZA took to Reddit to answer questions from Fans !
This is the second Q & A session the group has held in the past few months ; with the last one coming via Twitter . This is a rare occurrence for the group , as they have been notably quiet from answering questions about their music in the past .
They discussed a multitude of topics including ; their inspirations , possible future collaborations , new music , and so much more . So without further interjection from us , check out the highlights of the ask me anything below !
1 . ) The groups live track “ Bronko ” is actually an original song , that they may never release . There could be a possible Bonobo collaboration . And the icosahedron has many meanings .
2 . ) They love Chet Porter more than Jai Wolf .
3 . ) After their latest album , fans want to know will they ever revisit some of their earlier sounds from Summer 's Gone and In Return ?
4 . ) Could there possibly be a Foreign Family festival one day ?
5 . ) A Big Wild collaboration could be on the way !
6 . ) Their live show is a huge undertaking they take so much pride in .
7 . ) Composing for movies might be in their future ?
8 . ) If they had to sum up the latest album , ‘ A Moment Apart , ' in one word , that word would be “ Perspective . ”
9 . ) Harrison and Clayton REALLY want to work with Kevin Parker from Tame Impala .
10 . ) They 're Grammar Nazis .
11 . ) Their favorite venue is… ..
12 . ) What is their process for making music together , and how do they make those amazing vocal chops ?
Known for constantly adding new touches to their live shows , the group ended the AMA by thanking fans and making it known that they will be constantly adding new edits and pieces to the show .
“ Thanks so much for the questions everybody ! Appreciate everyone taking the time to talk to us . Hope to catch you guys on the road somewhere ( we 'll be continuously adding new edits and pieces to the show ) ” < 3 Harrison & Clay
It 's always fun when artist interact with fans . AMA 's are a great way for musicians to answer questions without being under the strain of touring . Hopefully ODESZA fans got everything they needed out of this Q & A .
You can check up on anything else we missed via the sub reddit page R/ElectronicMusic here !
Featured Image : ODESZA Facebook
Description
( Update 5/18/17 ) On April 24 , 2017 , the DCI announced that Gush was re-restricted in Vintage . Despite this , Understanding Gush remains a relevant , timely , and invaluable resource for any Vintage player , beginner , or expert . Even restricted , Gush will continue to power a significant and high achieving part of the Vintage metagame , as Stephen demonstrated by Top 8'ing the April 2017 Magic Online Power Nine Challenge with Jeskai Mentor . As recent tournament results illustrate , Gush is prominently featured in a wide cross-section of archetypes in the current and foreseeable Vintage metagame . While the GushBond engine has suffered a fatal hit with the restriction of Gush , the Dack-Delve draw engine was already the preeminent draw engine in Gush decks after Khans of Tarkir , and even with Gush restricted , this draw engine remains one of the strongest draw engines in the format . The guidance provided here on how to design , play , metagame , operationalize , or combat Gush strategies remains vital to success in Vintage .
Understanding Gush was always more than about one card or one class of decks . Surveying a wide range of tactics and strategies within the Vintage format , this monumental work is a practical guide to understanding the Vintage landscape , the relationship between strategies and tactics , resource management , spell sequencing , and much more . With detailed charts and reference tables as well as many illustrated examples in each chapter , Understanding Gush remains a valuable resource and learning tool for any Vintage player . Understanding Gush remains one of the most impressive and critically acclaimed books ever written on Magic strategy , and is an essential and exquisite part of any Vintage player 's library .
Eternal Central is proud to present to you Stephen Menendian 's Understanding Gush : Strategies and Tactics ( 3rd Edition ) . The Digital Download PDF is approximately 350 pages , while the physical hardcover and paperback versions have been reformatted specifically for full-color print , and come in 6×9 trim size ( 402 pages ) . All of our books are printed on high quality acid-free 70 lb . paper for longevity . Hardcover books are printed with a matte finish case laminate hard cover . Paperback books are printed with a matte finish perfect bound cover .
Author Stephen Menendian is your personal guide to Gush strategies and a wide-ranging tour through Vintage past , present , and future . Persistently misunderstood and generally misplayed , Gush requires many simultaneous decisions and precise timing . Maximizing all of the advantages offered by Gush demands deep understanding and strategic insight . This book presents a comprehensive theory of Gush , all of the advantages derivable from Gush , and a complete range of strategies and tactics . At a time when Gush decks have never been more central to the Vintage metagame , this book is a timely and essential primer to one of the most sophisticated and challenging strategies in the Vintage format .
Reorganized and expanded with hundreds of pages of new content , this book widens its scope , and has been carefully re-written from the ground up to provide better guidance , more precise analysis , and clearer explanations . No stone is left unturned , as every aspect of Gush play , design , and theory is covered , including an archive of the greatest Gush decks of all time , nearly a dozen Gush decks designed for the contemporary metagame , and a special appendix on Doomsday strategies , with more detailed descriptions of Doomsday piles than ever before . Beyond the specificity , detail , and practical guidance for Gush pilots , this book explores the Vintage format as no other author has ever done before . Whether they wish to learn about Gush decks , learn how to defeat them , or simply to deepen their understanding of the format , Understanding Gush is a timeless classic with lessons that resonate across the history of Magic , for the aspiring Vintage player , or seasoned pro .
“ Stephen is one of the most important and influential thinkers in the history of Vintage . No one else digs in to the details of cards or situations with their enthusiasm or talent. ” – Randy Buehler , Magic : The Gathering Hall of Famer
“ A tour de force . In their best work yet , Menendian provides us a vividly entertaining and informative exposition of this iconic Instant 's occupation in the Vintage landscape. ” – Brian Kelly , 2015 Vintage Championship winner
“ Stephen Menendian has been producing awesome Vintage content for as long as I can remember , but this is different . Understanding Gush is not just a deck builder 's guide , mixed with a comprehensive strategy essay on card advantage , deck engines , countermeasures , and play by play scenarios . This book is also an insightful approach to one of the best cards and strategies ever printed ( loved , feared , and reviled alike ) . ” – Guillem Ragull , long time Vintage player and writer
Here is a live look-in of a small sampling of pages from Understanding Gush : Strategy and Tactics ( 3rd Edition ) .
UG3EPromo
Many Fedora users take advantage of the fact that Fedora is internationalized , which means it can be used by people that communicate in different languages . Fedora provides support for displaying information on the screen for many different languages . There is also support for different input methods allowing users to input text for native languages where the number of characters is greater than keys on their keyboard .
Fedora 22 introduces a wide range of Internationalization improvements ranging from a new character application in Fedora Workstation , improvements to the IBus input method framework , support for Unicode 7 , and new locales & fonts .
New Characters application
The Unicode with all new releases introduces interesting and very useful characters for everyone . However , as more and more characters get added , it becomes difficult to remember and use these all these characters , especially if you are trying to remember the Unicode ID of a specific character and , use a compose key combination , or have to install unusual keyboard layouts .
GNOME characters application developed specifically to solve this need . It presents a range of different useful characters that are catergorized and searchable . Simply find the character you need , and copy and paste it where you need it . The new GNOME Characters application can be installed via the Software application on Fedora Workstation , or using the command
sudo dnf install gnome-characters
Improvements in IBus
IBus is an integrated input method framework in GNOME . It helps to manage multiple language keyboard layouts . It is also used widely in other Desktop environments including KDE . Users will notice following improvements in IBus
On GNOME lock screen Input method engines are hidden now .
Users using multiple input method in non-GNOME desktops will see language code rather than layout code in IBus panel .
A user 's IBus input method engines will automatically load when logging into GNOME , allowing them to switch engines without waiting for them to load .
Unicode 7.0 support
Unicode 7.0 adds a total of 2,834 characters , encompassing 23 new scripts , two currency symbols ( manat & ruble ) , many new pictographic and geometric symbols , and character additions to many existing scripts . Glibc is updated from Unicode 5.1 to Unicode 7.0 , providing added support for 8000 new characters and corrected data for number of existing characters .
DNF Langpacks Plug-in
Users can install packages for particular languages in single command with langpacks . With the migration in Fedora 22 from YUM to DNF , the DNF langpacks plugin allows users to install packages for there languages with the same way , but with DNF . To list all langpacks , use the command
dnf -- help|grep lang
New Chechen locale for the Russian Federation
The Chechen language is spoken by more than 1.4 million people , mostly in Chechnya and by Chechen people elsewhere . Fedora 22 introduces the new Chechen locale for the Russian Federation ( ce_RU ) which helps to setup language environment .
New Rajasthani locale for India
The Rajasthani language is spoken by more than 20 million people , mostly in India and highly used in the local areas of India ( Rajasthan ) . Fedora 22 introduces the new Rajasthani locale for the India which helps to setup language environment .
Fonts for Odia language
The Google Noto font family was added back in Fedora 19 . These font packages are now updated to the latest ustream version , adding support for the Odia language . Install the new packages
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts
and
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts
to start using these fonts .
New Input method for Marathi language
Minglish is a new Marathi language m17n input method . This input method provides keyboard layout that solve problems with existing phonetic input methods . For more information visit the change proposal on the Fedora Wiki .
The latest Captain America marks one of Marvel 's few missteps in building its fictional universe .
WARNING : HERE BE SPOILERS
Marvel Studios has been justly celebrated for its ability to integrate all its films into a coherent shared universe , especially considering how big a gamble it was that non-comic readers would buy into the idea . For the most part , Marvel has been very good at balancing the world-building with the needs of the individual films , but with Captain America : The Winter Soldier , it seems to have overly favoured the world-building side of the equation in the case of the titular villain .
The Winter Soldier could have been removed from the film entirely without meaningfully changing how it all plays out
Essentially , the Winter Soldier has almost nothing to do in the film that bears their name , amounting to little more than a hired gun for the real villain , Robert Redford 's Alexander Pierce . He 's the equivalent of the right-hand uber-henchman in any number of martial arts films , who 's there so that the hero has someone as strong as them to fight in the finale , but who has very little relevance to the actual plot . The Winter Soldier could probably have been removed from the second Captain America instalment entirely without meaningfully changing how it all plays out , which might not have been so much of a problem if their name had n't been the subtitle .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is really about how S.H.I.E.L.D . has been taken over by the Nazi mad science division H.Y.D.R.A. , and the Winter Soldier only really amounts to another of their ( literally , for most of the film ) faceless goons . He 's not the villain : Pierce handles the bulk of the villainous heavy lifting , and does it well , even if the fact that they do n't turn out to be the Red Skull is a missed opportunity . The only things that set the Winter Soldier apart – until the reveal that he 's actually Bucky Barnes – are their bionic arm and super-strength . It 's odd that such a potentially interesting character seems to only be here to set up the story for Captain America 3 , in which it seems very clear that he 'll have a much bigger role to play .
Even stranger is that there are sequel hooks and teasers spread throughout the film , which work very well indeed . The development of Scarlett Johansson 's Black Widow , paired with the way the film ends , would lead very naturally into a solo movie for them ( if Marvel ever gets around to making one ) , and the brief mention of Stephen Strange lets us know the significant fact that magic exists in this universe without being at all intrusive .
The Winter Soldier 's presence does n't hurt the film , but it never feels like he 's necessary
Considering that Captain America 2 introduces both the Winter Soldier and Crossbones , it seems likely that Marvel is building up to an adaptation of The Death of Captain America , in which Crossbones murders Cap , and Bucky takes up the shield in their memory . Almost all of these world-building details fit naturally into the story , and while the Soldier themselves integrates well , the fact that they were such a big part of the marketing just seems out of place . Their presence does n't hurt the film , but it never feels like he 's necessary .
Perhaps sidelining the Winter Soldier somewhat was a good idea – introducing him , revealing their identity , and then dealing with the ramifications of that might have been too much for one film , especially given the need to fit the rest of the plot in as well . It just might have worked better had the film been subtitled The Return of H.Y.D.R.A. , recognising the fact that Captain America 3 is the one which , presumably , will actually be about the Winter Soldier . As it is , the title is , and the marketing has been , pretty misleading .
More on the superhero genre : Is it reaching the end of its golden age ?
None of this is to suggest that Captain America 2 is even remotely a bad film . Frankly , its few flaws stand out all the more because of how excellent the rest of it is : it 's Marvel 's best since The Avengers , with a pleasantly old-fashioned spy/conspiracy thriller vibe and a refreshing feeling of relevance in its indirect observations about drone warfare and the PRISM scandal . It 's just a pity that it stumbles in its attempts to set up further films featuring the Winter Soldier , of which many seem to be planned ( since Sebastian Stan has signed a nine picture contract ) .
The ending and the post-credits tease leave no doubt that he 's going to have a lot to do in the Captain 's next adventure , and it would be no surprise to see Bucky become Captain America themselves in the future . It 's just a bit of a shame : The First Avenger sacrificed its ending to better lead in to The Avengers , and The Winter Soldier has sacrificed one of its most interesting characters to set up Captain America 3 . Even with the flaws , both Captain Americas have been Marvel 's best solo films , so hopefully the studio wo n't compromise Cap 's third – and possibly Chris Evans 's last – in order to carry on building the universe .
More on Marvel Studios : How it goes about building its universe
All images : Marvel
By Pablo Solón Romero
March 19 , 2010 -- http : //pwccc.wordpress.com/ -- In the aftermath of the Copenhagen climate conference , those who defended the widely condemned outcome tended to talk about it as a “ step in the right direction ” . This was always a tendentious argument , given that tackling climate change can not be addressed by half measures . We ca n't make compromises with nature .
Bolivia , however , believed that Copenhagen marked a backwards step , undoing the work built on since the climate talks in Kyoto . That is why , against strong pressure from industrialised countries , we and other developing nations refused to sign the Copenhagen Accord and why we are hosting an international meeting on climate change in Cochabamba , Bolivia , from April 19 to 22 , 2010 . In the words of the Tuvalu negotiator , we were not prepared to “ betray our people for 30 pieces of silver ” .
Our position was strongly criticised by several industrialised countries , who did their brazen best to blame the victims of climate change for their own unwillingness to act . However , recent communications by the European Commission have confirmed why we were right to oppose the Copenhagen accord .
In a report called International climate policy post-Copenhagen , the commission confirmed that the pledges by developed countries are equal to between 13.2 % and 17.8 % in emissions reductions by 2020 – far below the required 40 % -plus reductions needed to keep global temperature rise to less than 2 degrees celsius .
The situation is even worse once you take into account what are called “ banking of surplus emission budgets ” and “ accounting rules for land use , land use change and forestry ” . The Copenhagen Accord would actually allow for an increase in developed country emissions of 2.6 % above 1990 levels . This is hardly a forward step .
This is not just about gravely inadequate commitments , it is also about process . Whereas before , under the Kyoto Protocol , developed countries were legally bound to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by a certain percentage , now countries can submit whatever targets they want without a binding commitment .
This dangerous approach to climate negotiations is like building a dam where everyone contributes as many bricks as they want regardless of whether it stops the river .
The Copenhagen Accord opens the dam and condemns millions . Various estimates suggest that the commitments made under the accord would lead to increases of between three to four degrees celsius – a level that many scientists consider disastrous for human life and our ecosystems .
For Bolivia , the disastrous outcome of Copenhagen was further proof that climate change is not the central issue in negotiations . For rich countries , the key issues in negotiations were finance , carbon markets , competitiveness of countries and corporations , business opportunities along with discussions about the political makeup of the US Senate . There was surprisingly little focus on effective solutions for reducing carbon emissions .
President Evo Morales of Bolivia observed that the best way to put climate change solutions at the heart of the talks was to involve the people . In contrast to much of the official talks , the hundreds of civil society organisations , communities , scientists and faith leaders present in Copenhagen clearly prioritised the search for effective , just solutions to climate change against narrow economic interests .
To advance an agenda based on effective just solutions , Bolivia is therefore hosting a Peoples ' Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth on April 19-22 , and inviting everyone to participate . Unlike Copenhagen , there will be no secret discussions behind closed doors . Moreover the debate and proposals will be led by communities on the frontlines of climate change and by organisations and individuals dedicated to tackling the climate crisis . All 192 governments in the UN have also been invited to attend and encouraged to listen to the voices of civil society and together develop common proposals .
We hope that this unique format will help shift power back to the people , which is where it needs to be on this critical issue for all humanity . We do n't expect agreement on everything , but at least we can start to discuss openly and sincerely in a way that did n't happen in Copenhagen .
[ Pablo Solón is ambassador to the UN for the Plurinational State of Bolivia . They are a sociologist and economist , was active in Bolivia 's social movements before entering government , and is an expert on issues of trade , integration , natural resources and water . This article first appeared in the British Guardian . Vist http : //pwccc.wordpress.com for more details of the Peoples ' Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth . ]
* * *
Favor difundir amplamente / Please , disseminate widely / S'il vous plaît de diffuser largement
( English below ; Français ci-dessous )
Convocatoria Asamblea de los Movimientos Sociales
Cochabamba , Bolivia , 19 de abril de 2010 , 10 h
Nosotras y nosotros activistas de diferentes movimientos sociales , caracterizamos el momento actual por la prepotencia de Estados Unidos , Unión Europea y las transnacionales , que se expresó en Copenhague cuando muy pocos países intentaron imponer un resultado , que no fue acordado en la COP 15 , de no hacer nada para detener el incremento de la temperatura del Planeta y el daño climático .
El incremento de la presencia militar y bases militares en diversas partes del mundo , invasiones y ocupaciones “ humanitarias ” indican que la guerra , la ocupación de mercados y territorios , la presencia militar para el control de recursos energéticos , el agua y la biodiversidad son parte de las estrategias de salida a la crisis civilizatoria del capitalismo y su lógica sacrificial , depredadora , racista y patriarcal que se disfraza en negociaciones ilegitimas en nombre de la crisis climática .
Nuestra respuesta está en lucha por el derecho de los pueblos a vivir bien en los territorios , contra las falsas soluciones a las crisis , contra la militarización como respuesta a la misma , contra las acciones de transnacionales que con la connivencia o apoyo de gobiernos o instituciones multilaterales como el Banco Mundial acaparan territorios para el monocultivo y para la privatización del aire y la creación de mercados especulativos de los llamados “ créditos de carbono ” .
En este sentido estaremos presentes en la Conferencia Mundial de los Pueblos sobre el Cambio Climático y los Derechos de la Madre Tierra . Cochabamba donde organizaremos una Asamblea de los Movimientos Sociales en seguimiento a nuestros esfuerzos y articulaciones en la lucha , con una dupla tarea :
- debatir y organizar nuestro apoyo a las propuestas y iniciativas de los gobiernos comprometidos con los derechos de los pueblos y de la naturaleza ;
- debatir y organizar nuestra agenda como movimientos sociales para potencializar nuestras alternativas y resistencias a la expansión de las relaciones de mercado a todos los dominios de la relación entre las personas y de ellas con la naturaleza , la ofensiva de las transnacionales y de la militarización .
Alianza Social Continental
ATALC ( Amigos de la Tierra América Latina )
Cebrapaz
Central Sindical de las Américas
Climate Justice Now !
CLOC
COMPA
Fdim
Marcha Mundial das Mulheres
Oclae
Red CADTM AYNA
Via Campesina
Invitation to the Assembly of Social Movements
Cochabamba , Bolivia , April 19 , 2010 , 10 am
We , activists of many diverse social movements , characterize this current moment as one of arrogance and authoritarianism on the part of the United States , the European Union and transnational corporations . This was demonstrated in Copenhagen when very few countries tried to create an outcome that was in disagreement with the COP 15 , and did nothing to stop global warming and the climate crisis .
The increase of military presence and military bases in various parts of the world , “ humanitarian ” invasions and occupations which indicate war , the occupation of markets and territories , and the military presence to control energy resources , water , and natural biodiversity are all tactics derived from civilization 's crisis of capitalism and the logics of exploitation , racism , and patriarchy . These tactics also work to disguise the climate crisis in illegitimate negotiations .
Our response is to fight for the right of all people to live decent lives in their communities , against false solutions to crises , against militarization as a solution , and against the actions of transnational corporations . These transnationals , with the support of governments or multilateral institutions like the World Bank , undermine national borders for the production of monocultures and for the privatization of air and the creation of speculative markets called “ carbon credits . ”
It is in this context that we present to the People 's World Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth . In Cochabamba we have organized an Assembly of Social Movements , a continuation of our efforts and articulations in the fight , with two goals :
-To discuss and organize our support of the proposals and initiatives of governments committed to the rights of people and the environment ;
-To discuss and organize our agenda as social movements to promote our alternatives and our resistence to the marketization of the relationship between people and between people and their environment—the offense of transnationals and militarization .
Alianza Social Continental
ATALC ( Amigos de la Tierra América Latina )
Cebrapaz
Central Sindical de las Américas
Climate Justice Now !
CLOC
COMPA
Fdim
Marcha Mundial das Mulheres
Oclae
Red CADTM AYNA
Via Campesina
Convocation à l'Assemblée des Mouvements sociaux
Cochabamba , Bolivia , le 19 avril 2010 , 10 h
Nous , militants et militantes de divers mouvements sociaux , pensons que l'époque actuelle est marquée par la toute-puissance des Etats-Unis , la Union Européenne et des multinationales . Ceci a été flagrant à Copenhague où très peu de pays ont essayé d'imposer un résultat en désaccord avec la COP 15 et rien n ' a été fait pour arrêter le réchauffement climatique et la crise climatique .
L'augmentation de la présence militaire et des bases militaires dans différentes parties du monde , les invasions et les occupations ” humanitaires ” indiquent bien que la guerre , l'occupation des marchés et des terres , la présence militaire pour contrôler les ressources énergétiques , l'eau , la biodiversité sont des stratégies de sortie de la crise de civilisation du capitalisme et de sa logique déprédatrice , raciste et patriarcale . Ces stratégies invoquent la crise climatique pour mener des négociations illégitimes .
Nous répondons en luttant pour le droit des peuples à bien vivre sur leur terre , contre les fausses solutions à la crise , contre la militarisation en tant que réponse à la crise , et contre les actions des multinationales . Ces multinationales , avec l'appui des gouvernements ou des institutions multilatérales comme la Banque mondiale , accaparent des terres pour la monoculture , privatisent l'air et créent des marchés spéculatifs appelés “ crédits compensatoires du carbone ” .
Voilà pourquoi nous , les mouvements sociaux , serons présents à la Conférence mondiale des Peuples sur le Changement climatique et les Droits de la Terre-Mère , à Cochabamba où , dans la logique de nos travaux , nous organiserons une Assemblée des Mouvements sociaux sur deux axes :
- débat et organisation de notre soutien aux propositions et initiatives des gouvernements engagés dans la protection des droits des peuples et de la nature ;
- débat et organisation de notre programme en tant que mouvements sociaux
pour renforcer nos alternatives et notre résistance à l'expansion de la marchandisation des personne et de la nature , à l'offensive des multinationales et à la militarisation .
Alianza Social Continental
ATALC ( Amigos de la Tierra América Latina )
Cebrapaz
Central Sindical de las Américas
Climate Justice Now !
CLOC
COMPA
Fdim
Marcha Mundial das Mulheres
Oclae
Red CADTM AYNA
Via Campesina
The man who dominated the Red Hook Crit fixed gear races in 2016 and also won the Red Bull Last Stand 2016 , Colin Strickland , is leaving the most successful team and couple RHC has ever known . Colin Strickland and the Slovenian powerhouse Aldo Ino Ilesic dominated the RHC series in 2016 , but they will no longer be teammates in 2017 . Being separated , one can expect them to become massive competition for each other in the upcoming season . Although Colin will lose Aldo as a partner in the race , they are getting some other strong allies on board . Read further for all the info !
Text : Brian Megens
Header Image : Tornanti.CC
Colin 's new team is founded with the support of Intelligentsia Coffee , Pinarello , and Giordana and will go on the road as Intelligentsia Racing . The team will consist out of three riders . Next to Colin that will be Marius Petrache , the number 6 in the 2016 RHC series and current UCI road National Champion of Romania , and Stefan Rothe , winner of the Red Bull Last Man Standing geared category and teammate of Colin in the road team Elbowz . Colin believes in the team of three as “ it is a magic number ” , and more importantly , they think that adding more riders wo n't make any difference as only a small number of riders can put themselves in the front of the race .
The main goal of the team is simple , win races . Colin does not want to speak out the aim to win the RHC Series again as “ you win the GC by winning races , if you win enough races you will be the GC winner too , so I focus on winning races and from there see where I stand in the GC. ” Next to RHC , Colin aims at spending time in Europe between the RHC London and Milan to compete in the smaller fixed gear crits in Europe , and to ride some road races . Colin will leave their current road race team Elbowz for it to make fixed gear crit racing their number one priority . Next to this , Colin will be to compete in some gravel , CX , and road races .
The team kits , provided by Giordana , will be of custom design for each RHC , but for training they will wear the black and white kit . At the time of the interview , it was unsure what bike will be used by the team but with the support of the big bicycle brand Pinarello getting a decent bike should not be a problem . The same goes for getting some good coffee btw .
Scientists just got a whole new look at what lurks deep below the ocean 's surface .
Eerie , transparent fish and supergiant crustaceans were filmed swimming 8,145 meters deep -- about 5 miles down -- in the Mariana Trench earlier this month . It 's the deepest anyone has ever seen a fish , breaking the previous record from 2008 by nearly 500 meters .
The strange-looking fish appears to be a whole new species .
“ This really deep fish did not look like anything we had seen before , nor does it look like anything we know of , '' said research team member Alan Jamieson of the University of Aberdeen , in a statement . “ It is unbelievably fragile , with large wing-like fins and a head resembling a cartoon dog . ''
Jamieson told ABC News he 's pretty sure it 's a type of snailfish , though the scientists were n't able to capture any for further study or to give the new species an official name .
The Mariana Trench , which plunges seven miles down into the Pacific Ocean about 3,500 miles southwest of Hawaii , is the deepest place on earth . It 's thought to be the oldest section of the ocean floor geologically and is known for introducing new organisms whenever scientists are able to successfully explore the extreme location .
“ Many studies have rushed to the bottom of the trench , but from an ecological view that is very limiting . It 's like trying to understand a mountain ecosystem by only looking at its summit , ” said the University of Hawaii 's Jeff Drazen , who , along with UH colleague Patty Fryer and Jamieson , led an international team of researchers on a 30-day voyage to scope out the trench .
The team launched unmanned landers equipped with cameras to film more than 100 hours of footage . By exploring the sides of the trench , rather than the central floor , they found colonies teeming with unique creatures , such as those eerie , transparent fish .
A closer view of what 's presumed to be a type of snailfish by researchers who discovered it nearly five miles into the Mariana Trench .
Because snailfish possess a compound that helps stabilize their proteins under immense pressure , they are found in deep zones generally too pressurized for other fish . Jamieson believes there is a certain threshold of pressure where fish cease to survive underwater , and the newly discovered fish are very near that limit .
It 's clear to me from the response to the revelations about John Paul 's practice of self-flagellation that this is a topic which elicits strong attention among Catholics and others interested in the spiritual life today . Cindy Wooden 's summary of the story of JPII 's penitential practices at the National Catholic Reporter website has attracted a thread of lively commentary , most of it strongly critical of the use of practices of self-mortification such as whipping oneself in the contemporary church .
The response to the revelation that JPII practiced self-flagellation at this and other Catholic online threads suggests to me that I am perhaps justified in the conclusion I reached in my previous posting about this topic : that is , that the sensus fidelium finds such practices of self-punishment not merely difficult to understand and justify , but downright abhorrent . As my previous posting notes , it 's also clear to me that , from the center of the church , from the inner power circles of the church 's ruling elite , there 's an equally strong presupposition that the faithful will be awed when they learn that the previous pope beat themselves and slept on the floor to do penance .
The disparity between the narrative about sanctity in the contemporary church that the center wishes to impose ( and rehabilitate , since it 's an essentially medieval narrative ) , and where many Catholics find themselves in our practice of the faith today , is striking . It does not bode well for the future of the church .
For many of us , there is a clear and self-evident line from the gospel narratives about the life of Jesus to the witness provided by Salvadoran martyrs Archbishop Oscar Romero , Jean Donovan , and Sisters Dorothy Kazel , Ita Ford , and Maura Clarke . At the same time , for many of us , the line from the life and practice of Jesus to the revelations about Pope John Paul II 's practice of self-flagellation is anything but self-evident .
That those releasing this information about the former pope expect Catholics to be bowled over ( in a positive sense ) by the revelation that John Paul beat themselves indicates something -- something crucially important -- about how decisively out of touch the center has gotten with the rest of the people of God . Far from silencing all critics of the process of canonization for JPII , the revelation that they practiced self-flagellation has succeeded only in raising serious red flags among many of the faithful about the sanctity of the previous pope -- and , by inference , about the march backwards they and their right-hand advisor , Cardinal Ratzinger/Pope Benedict , instituted in the church following Vatican II .
Opus Dei and Practices of Self-Mortification
For those seeking more theological background about the practice of self-flagellation , wearing cilices , sleeping on the floor or on boards , and so forth , in the church today , I highly recommend a rich trove of articles at the website of the Opus Dei Awareness Network ( ODAN ) . As the ODAN site notes , ODAN is a `` worldwide community of people who have had painful experiences as a result of their association with Opus Dei . ''
In a moment , I 'll point to a number of sources that provide information about precisely what the Opus Dei movement is and does . Before I do that , though , I want to draw attention to the striking parallels between Opus Dei 's penitential practices and those employed by JPII -- parallels that should not be surprising , once one realizes how closely aligned with this secretive movement the former pope was , and how much they protected the movement against its detractors .
As the ODAN site notes , Opus Dei actively promotes practices of corporal mortification for its lay and ordained members . It does so in response to the insight of its founder , Spanish priest Josemaria Escrivá , that pain is blessed and purifies the soul : in their 1939 spiritual guide for Opus Dei members entitled The Way , Escrivá wrote , `` Blessed be pain . Loved be pain . Sanctified be pain . . . Glorified be pain ! ''
And so the Constitution ( article 147 ) of this religious movement dictates that its members should wear a cilice ( the chain with sharpened points to inflict pain ) at least two hours daily , `` for the purpose of chastising the body and reducing it to servitude , '' and that they shall sleep on the floor to mortify the flesh .
The ODAN website contains numerous articles providing first-hand testimony by former Opus Dei members about its penitential practices , with reflections about the harm these practices inflicted on those who have now broken with the Opus Dei movement . These include , for instance , an article entitled `` Making Modern-Day Martyrs Using Medieval Methods '' by a former lay member of Opus Dei , Sharon Clasen .
Clasen notes that a secret internal Opus Dei document provides eyewitness accounts by Fr . Alvaro del Portillo , who succeeded Escrivá as head of Opus Dei , about Escrivá 's practice of self-flagellation . Portillo notes that on at least one occasion when they were in the room in which Escrivá flogged himself , the floor was covered in blood following the more than 1,000 whip-blows Escrivá gave to theirs back .
For Clasen , the revelation that Opus Dei encouraged -- indeed , demanded -- such practices of its followers , in imitation of the founder ( `` glorified be pain ! '' ) created cognitive dissonance . They were attracted to a movement that they understood providing lay Christians a way to follow Jesus in their workplaces and everyday lives .
But they soon found that there was a perplexing streak of `` cruel self-mutilation in Opus Dei '' that seemed to run in precisely the opposite direction -- not towards the inner freedom that is a hallmark of the Spirit 's presence in a Christian 's life , but towards a psychological dependence on self-mutilation :
What first attracted me to Opus Dei was the message that ordinary Christians could sanctify their work in the middle of the world . However , this new knowledge about ecstasies and cruel self-mutilation confused me . I thought I had joined a lay organization , but more and more it was revealing itself to me to be a religious organization . It went against my nature to do violence to myself as Escriva had done , but I dismissed my inner voice and trusted the judgment of my spiritual director . Trying to emulate the founder , I found some tiny metal safety pins and pressed them into the knots of my whip in order to inflict more pain . Feeling guilty for doubting my vocation , I whipped my back with more pain as a way to punish myself . While it is true that some who have suffered much pain have achieved greatness , it is also true that great suffering can cripple people inside . Those who become crippled might believe that they would not be able to survive in the world without Opus Dei 's walking stick .
As Clasen notes , though Opus Dei seeks to downplay the centrality of practices of self-mutilation in its spirituality -- '' It 's just like getting the body in shape for a marathon '' -- there is abundant testimony by former Opus Dei members proving the importance of self-flagellation and other penitential practices to Opus Dei 's spirituality . Clasen cites a 2005 account by former Opus Dei member John Roche , `` Whips , Spiked Garters , and Bloodshed . . . , '' who states ,
As a member of Opus Dei , I was expected to undertake a weekly discipline of private self-flagellation 40 strokes with a waxed , corded whip . We were encouraged to ` draw a little blood ' and frequently told how ` the Father ' the founder of the organisation drew so much blood that they spattered the walls and ceiling with it .
In 1988 , a Spanish former member of the movement , Agustina López de los Mozos Muñoz , wrote a similar statement about the penitential practices of Opus Dei , noting that their spiritual advisor told them that these are especially important for women , who need to `` keep their bodies in check '' by denying themselves comforts that might lead to temptation .
In another article entitled `` How Opus Dei is Cult-Like '' at the ODAN website , Clasen suggests that Opus Dei relies on such extreme penitential practices in order to strengthen the authoritarian control of the group 's leaders over its members . They relate the use of practices of pronounced self-mortification in Opus Dei to Steve Hassan 's BITE model of mind control , as that model is set forth in their study Combating Cult Mind Control ( Sommerville , MA : Freedom of Mind Press , 2000 ) .
Hassan notes that cults succeed in controlling the minds of their members by controlling behavior ( B ) , the information available to members ( I ) , the thought processes of members ( T ) , and their emotional states ( E ) . In Clasen 's view , Opus Dei 's insistence on the use of self-punishing devices like the cilice and on practices like self-flagellation is consistent with cultic groups ' attempts to control the minds of their members by controlling their behavior , emotions , and thought processes .
What Is Opus Dei ?
There 's a vast body of literature about the Opus Dei movement -- a growing body of literature . In what follows , I want to point to only a handful of important resources that may be of use to those seeking information about this secretive , worldwide religious movement , which has strong connections to highly placed and powerful economic and political elites , as well as to the Vatican .
An indispensable resource for those seeking an overview of Opus Dei is Michael Walsh 's book Opus Dei : An Investigation into the Powerful Secretive Society within the Catholic Church ( NY : HarperCollins , 1992 and 2004 ) . Frank Cocozzelli , a contributor to the Open Tabernacle site , has published important work on Opus Dei at various websites , including Talk to Action . Frank 's article `` The Catholic Right , Part Two : An Introduction to Opus Dei '' notes the fascist roots of this movement in Franco 's Spain , and the fact that Opus Dei is `` openly more concerned with the economic self-interest of ` friends ' who already have superfluous wealth and power , often at the expense of the economically less powerful . ''
As Frank notes in articles entitled `` Opus Dei Declares War on Religious Freedom '' and `` The Catholic Right 's Art of Constructive Schism -- Part 1 , '' there appears to be a deliberate strategy on the part of Opus Dei to create schism within the contemporary Catholic church , in order to purge the church of `` dissident '' Catholics who continue to promote the collegial model of church set forth in Vatican II 's documents and the social justice teachings of the church .
A valuable discussion of Frank Cocozzelli 's analysis of the `` constructive schism '' that Opus Dei appears to be promoting in the church is also found at the Wild Reed blog , maintained by another Open Tabernacle contributor , Michael Bayly . Michael 's analysis focuses on a highly placed Opus Dei member in the United States , Jesuit Fr . John McCloskey , whom journalist Chris Suellentrop calls `` the Catholic Church 's K Street lobbyist '' in a 2002 Slate article noting the ease with which McCloskey travels in elite circles . As Suellentrop indicates , `` That focus on elites is a hallmark of Opus Dei . . . . '' Opus Dei 's strong ties to both the intelligence communities of some Western nations , and to the Vatican bank , are studied in an important December 2009 posting by another Open Tabernacle contributor , Colleen Kochivar-Baker . As Colleen notes , John Paul II made Opus Dei their own personal prelature in the midst of troubling revelations about financial wheelings and dealings by the Vatican Bank . ( Frank Cocozzelli 's introduction to Opus Dei also notes that this `` highy secretive and ultra-conservative group '' was the personal prelature of JPII . ) As Fr . James Martin notes in an America article entitled `` Opus Dei in the United States , '' Opus Dei is the only personal prelature in the church , a designation that gives it the status of religious communities that can operate freely across geographical boundaries . Its critics have wondered why what is ostensibly a lay movement would require such freedom and status .
Fr . Martin also notes critics ' concerns that John Paul II `` rigged '' the canonization process of Opus Dei 's founder Josemaria Escrivá , preventing the usual process of testimony by those with information critical of the saint-to-be , including allegations that Escrivá had pro-Nazi sympathies .
6 . More recently , a number of journalists including Danielle Truszkovsky have uncovered strong indicators of Opus Dei 's ties to influential anti-gay groups in the United States like the National Organization for Marriage ( NOM ) . Truszkovsky notes that NOM shares an office in Princeton , NJ , with the Witherspoon Institute , identified by ODAN as an Opus Deil affiliate . Louis Tellez , Witherspoon 's president , is on NOM 's board , and is also an Opus Dei member . There are strong suggestions , many NOM watchdogs believe , that among the financial backers NOM does not wish to disclose as it works to roll back gay rights in the U.S. is Opus Dei .
As this brief overview suggests -- and there are many more resources available for those seeking information about Opus Dei and its practices -- the confluence of John Paul II 's penitential practices and those of this secretive , influential right-wing Catholic group which JPII personally protected and promoted raises troubling questions .
For many of us , those questions drive right to heart of the push to have Pope John Paul II canonized .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China said on Thursday it will do all it can to ensure the safe return of two citizens kidnapped in Pakistan and it promised new measures to protect Chinese people and companies working in the country , an important link on its Silk Road infrastructure plan .
A soldier stands guard near the site where two Chinese language teachers were kidnapped by unidentified gunmen , in Quetta , Pakistan May 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Naseer Ahmed
Gunmen pretending to be police officers kidnapped two Chinese language teachers in the Pakistani city of Quetta , in the violence-plagued province of Baluchistan , on Wednesday .
“ China will continue to make maximal efforts alongside Pakistan to strive for the safe return of the kidnapped individuals as soon as possible , ” foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a regular briefing in Beijing .
“ We will also take further actions to ensure the safety of Chinese individuals and organizations in Pakistan , ” they added .
China has pledged to invest $ 57 billion in new rail , road and power infrastructure across Pakistan as a flagship project within its sweeping Belt and Road initiative to tie Asia to Europe and Africa by reviving ancient Silk Road trade routes .
Chinese officials have repeatedly urged Pakistan to strengthen security for its companies and individuals , especially in resource-rich Baluchistan , where China is building a port and funding roads to link its western regions with the Arabian Sea .
No group has claimed responsibility for the kidnapping .
In the past , Islamist militant groups have kidnapped foreigners in Pakistan for ransom or to drum up publicity for their cause .
Separatist rebels also operate in Baluchistan as do criminal gangs .
The China National Radio state broadcaster reported that three Chinese citizens , two women and a man , were eating in a restaurant in Quetta when gunmen men came in and dragged them toward a car without license plates .
A crowd formed around the kidnappers who then fired warning shots into the air . One of the Chinese woman then escaped , the broadcaster said , citing a witness .
Police in Quetta told Reuters the teachers did not work on Beijing-funded China-Pakistan Economic Corridor projects as they did not have guards .
Pakistan provides security for all Chinese workers on CPEC projects in Baluchistan .
An RAAF E-7A Wedgetail currently deployed on operations in the Middle East Region has been decorated World War 2-style nose art by one of its ground crew .
The nose art was designed by graphic arts student turned avionics technician , Leading Aircraftwoman Bronwyn , who spent several hours of their own time designing the artwork .
“ I decided to design some nose art for this rotation and I wanted it to be something that all the crew would be proud of , ” LAC Bronwyn said .
“ The crew are known to regularly quote lines from The Simpsons to lighten the mood and increase morale during quieter periods of the missions .
“ As such , the design is a spin-off from the Simpsons ' Flying Hellfish episode with modifications to include a Wedgetail Eagle sporting a tattoo of the iconic lightning bolt that we normally display on our aircraft tail . ”
LAC Bronwyn said that they worked with a small number of other aircraft maintainers spending a night transferring the design to the aircraft .
“ I had three other maintainers help me out as it was a pretty big job , ” LAC Bronwyn said .
“ We set up a projector at night and used chinagraph pencils to draw the design onto the aircraft .
“ It took about four hours in total and the design covers a few rivets which were rather difficult to colour over . ”
LAC Bronwyn said the nose art has brought plenty of positive comments from Australian and Coalition Forces .
“ Aircrew enjoy posing in front of it and I 've heard some good comments from other sections around base on how well it stands out , ” they said .
“ This is the first time my artwork has been displayed on an aircraft and I hope it wo n't be the last .
“ I 've also submitted a tail art design for Number 2 Squadrons 100 year anniversary competition but wo n't find out about those results for a while yet . ”
Supplied story by Corporal Ben Dempster
Rebecca ( Rachel Bloom ) has moved on from Josh ( Vincent Rodriguez III ) on Crazy Ex-Girlfriend . She 's got a new roommate and a new future ahead of their — one that does n't include Greg ( Santino Fontana ) , who has left West Covina . It 's an opportune time , then , for them to embrace a clean slate and focus on herself !
Who are we kidding ? This is Rebecca Bunch , after all , so that noble idea does n't last long in Friday 's episode . But after a chance encounter with their former flame , they opt not to throw themselves at them and instead emerges with just one thing on their mind : payback . And this time , they have reinforcements .
Catch up on all this week 's Mega Buzz !
That 's right . Rebecca has a new , unlikely ally in their quest to make Josh suffer . This week , they and their accomplice join forces to unleash a nasty public punishment they wo n't soon forget . Maybe Rebecca 's found their soulmate after all .
Crave scoop on your favorite TV shows ? E-mail questions to mega_scoop @ tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide .
Remember when the news about the Board of Supervisors passing the Subway Master Plan broke ? That … that was awesome .
Now , on the heels of that news , the always-handy Muniverse digs into four projects already at least in the study phase that the SMP will affect now that it has been passed .
By far , the biggest project ( for the region ) will be a Second Transbay BART Tube and a new line through San Francisco . BART is still in the early stages of planning , but there 's one particular corridor that seems to be gaining traction and included in presentations . Under this setup , the second Transbay Tube would cross the bay from Alameda to San Francisco , landing around AT & T park and running under Second or Third to Market Street .
Other systems/projects that will benefit from the new plan are : the Caltrain/High-Speed Rail , an M-Ocean View/Park Merced extension and maybe-subway , and the T-Third/Central Subway extension to Fisherman 's Wharf . Read the rest of Muniverse 's post about the Subway Master Plan for more details .
Independent filmmakers are constantly striving to make their low-budget films emulate higher budget productions in any way that they can . One of the most common goals for directors and cinematographers is to recreate the ‘ film look ' , ( which is certainly something I can relate to ! ) . But unfortunately in the quest to find this look there have been some really unpleasant and cheap looking techniques that have become over popularized in recent years… The first was the overuse of shallow depth of field that exploded a few years back after the 5D MK II first was released , but most recently it is the milky black look that is destroying the color on so many filmmakers works of art .
For those of you that do n't know what I 'm referring to when I say the ‘ milky black look ' , I 'm simply referring to a color grading technique that is characterized by shadows that are crushed to black ( while color grading ) , and then lifted up so that the black point of the image is never truly black . The areas of the image that should be completely black and contrasty are now somewhat muddy , smokey , or milky . The look can work well in certain circumstances , but for the most part it is being completely overused and misused by many amateur DPs . Take a look at this shot below for an example of the look . First is the raw shot , then first grade ( with crushed blacks ) , and then the final shot with lifted blacks :
RAW
CRUSHED
MILKY
Why has this look become so popular ? As we 've already touched on , it is often associated with a more cinematic or filmic look as this technique softens up the image in the same way that certain types of older film stocks would . It is also a particularly easy look to achieve as once you 've figured out how to do it ( which is really only two steps in any basic color software or NLE ) , consistent results can be achieved quickly and easily . In a way , this may all sound good on the surface , but in reality it is not – in fact I think it 's just about the least filmic thing that you can do to your footage in many scenarios .
Let 's step back for a moment and address the notion that milky blacks are associated with the ‘ film look ' . This really could not be further from the truth . Yes , there are some film stocks that are very low-contast and produce this milky look , but the vast majority of DPs that are still shooting on 35mm stay far away from these stocks unless they are doing something ultra-stylized , where it is used purposefully . Also , saying that lifted shadows are characteristic of the film look , completely disregards all of the countless variations of film stocks . There are so many different types of stocks , all of which have their own unique look and feel to them and all of which are suitable for different stories . Just because the low-contrast look is the easiest to achieve does not mean it is the best technique for any given story .
A few years back , everyone that owned a DSLR would shoot wide open to get an extremely razor thin depth of field , believing that this would give their work a more cinematic look . Ironically , it branded their work as DSLR footage because it was taken too far . Productions would shoot at F1.4 on a full frame camera and they would end up capturing shots of their actors with only one eye in focus . It was really a terrible look that allowed filmmakers to be lazy by using shallow DOF to hide poor production design and composition from their viewer by relying on selective focus . With the exception of a very few rare feature films that shot in this style intentionally , this aesthetic is not in itself characteristic of a cinematic look . Shallow DOF is nice , but razor thin ultra shallow DOF is way too much most of the time . It simply was taken too far , and the exact same issue is happening now with the milky black look .
Here 's a bit more food for thought on the topic… High level DPs and directors today that are actually shooting on 35mm film are most often shooting with extremely clean film stocks that have nicely balanced contrast . Think back to recent films like The Master , Django Unchained , The Fighter , or any other higher budget film production of recent years . They all have beautiful contrast , black levels in the right places , and are extremely cinematic .
Even on films like Black Swan which intentionally use 16mm film to get a more gritty look , the DP and colorist are still conscious of their black levels to ensure that there is still a nice amount of contrast in the image . The vast majority of movies that are shot on film today are using extremely modern and clean looking 35mm film stocks that are n't really that far off from high-end digital formats such as ARRI RAW in many regards .
Great cinematography happens when purposeful choices are made by the DP and Director in order to serve the story in the best way possible . There is no one-size fits all approach to the craft , and every project should be approached uniquely , and intentionally . Some productions may require a cleaner more clinical look , while others might be best served with an underexposed and muted color palette . There is n't any right or wrong choice here , as long as the visual and artistic choices that are made are chosen based on their specific relationship to the creative project , and not simply out of convenience .
With all that said , there is nothing wrong with the milky black look when used correctly . I actually like this look quite a bit when it 's used right , and I myself have used it from time to time – but only when it is pertinent to the story . The film Martha Marcy May Marlene for instance makes excellent use of this technique , but the reason it works is because the aesthetic of the murky world that the filmmakers created calls for it . They did n't simply choose to shoot and color it that way because it would be easy or because other people are doing it .
So if you are going to use this technique , make sure that your project truly calls for it , and that you do n't go overboard . Even just lifting the shadows slightly can give you this look , so do n't get tempted to take things a step too far and degrade the image !
For more in depth cinematography techniques , be sure to pre-order my Guide For Capturing Cinematic Images With Your DSLR by clicking the link below ! Or click here to learn more about it !
Articles Listed By Date List By Popularity
Sunday , May 22 , 2016 ( 1 comments ) We Filed Suit to Prevent Mass Confusion at the California Primary The two major parties toy with the Independent voters of this country . They run the boards of elections and they make up the rules as they please as they go along . The result is that every county is a fiefdom , run by each county election official in a different way . This does not inspire confidence in the integrity of the vote .
Wednesday , June 10 , 2015 ( 2 comments ) The Hidden Castro Assassination Plots What I offer here is new research on two key operations designed to kill Castro - Patty and Liborio - based in military intelligence and in specialized `` nets '' within Cuba . The officers running these other operations may have met up with Bill Harvey 's get-Castro team in 1962 . I believe these `` hidden plots '' were not revealed during the `` limited hangout '' the Agency was forced to endure during the 1970s .
Wednesday , December 31 , 2014 ( 2 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 12 : The Endgame ) Between November 8-9 , and in the following days leading up to 11/22/63 , a series of incidents show that Lee Oswald was being used as a provocation - someone that no one would easily forget . The most reasonable conclusion is that Oswald , Michael Paine , and Ruth Paine were manipulated to do the bidding of certain intelligence operatives .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Sunday , December 21 , 2014 ( 8 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 11 : The Paines Carry the Weight ) Michael Paine 's parents were drinking buddies with the mistress of CIA chief Allen Dulles . Paine got Lee Oswald to join the ACLU - this undercut Lee 's only champion in the days after the assassination . The story of the Paines goes all the way back to the roots of the McCarthy era .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Wednesday , November 19 , 2014 ( 9 comments ) How the Warren Commission Covered Up JFK 's Murder An analysis of the factual problems in the case against Oswald . These would have turned into legal problems . If Oswald had lived and gone to trial , the chain of custody of most of the items of evidence is so weak that the case would have probably been dismissed by the judge , simply because there was no reasonable basis for the case to proceed to a jury for verdict .
Series : POLITICAL REPRESSION AND FRAME-UPS IN POSTWAR AMERICA ( 3 Articles , 31148 views )
Friday , July 26 , 2013 ( 2 comments ) The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( Part 10 : Nightmare in Mexico City ) To understand Oswald , the most important person to watch may be CIA case officer Ann Goodpasture . They had a hand in the tap operations , the photo operations , and more . Sometimes described as Win Scott 's principal aide , they were a force majeur . I believe they used Oswald 's file with CIA HQ to conduct a molehunt , which created a paper trail between them . The need to hide this paper trail is tied to the coverup of JFK 's killing .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Thursday , August 30 , 2012 ( 1 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 9 - Oswald Takes Center Stage As An Intelligence Asset ) When Lee Oswald returned to their hometown of New Orleans , they returned to a world where the CIA was wary of the local Cuban exile organizations because of infiltration by Castro 's forces . Oswald went to work for Guy Banister , the head of a major Southern anti-communist intelligence network . First they tried to flush out `` pro-Castro types '' as an activist for Fair Play for Cuba . Then Oswald moved towards the public spotlight
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Monday , June 4 , 2012 ( 2 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 8 : The CIA-Army Intelligence Mambo ) Did some agency drop the ball and not fully debrief the Oswalds after they entered the USA ? Dorothe Matlack was Army Intelligence 's specialist in the art of debriefing defectors and refugees . Tony Czajkowski was their CIA counterpart . These two agency legends worked together in the Interagency Defector Committee . They got together to buttonhole George de Mohrenschildt after they left Oswald to organize a Haitian coup in mid-63
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Sunday , June 3 , 2012 ( 2 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 7 : The hand-off from De Mohrenschildt to the Paines ) This chapter in the series describes how the White Russian community in Dallas worked their story about Oswald , relations between the Dallas CIA office and Legend Maker # 9 George de Mohrenschildt , and the close working relationships among AID , the State Department , de Mohrenschildt , and the family of Ruth Hyde Paine . In 1963 , the `` babysitting '' duties for the Oswald family were passed from de Mohrenschildt to the Paine family .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Tuesday , November 22 , 2011 ( 2 comments ) THE JFK CASE : The Twelve Who Built The Oswald Legend ( Part 6 : White Russians Keep An Eye On Oswald In Dallas ) Part 6 in the continuing series of Oswald and the twelve legend makers that either befriended them or watched over them prior to the assassination . In this chapter , Oswald has returned to the USA and is monitored by a right-wing organization of Soviet and Eastern European emigres with close ties to Cord Meyer 's International Organizations wing of the CIA , as well as to the emigre-friendly Radio Free Europe .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Monday , December 27 , 2010 ( 2 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 5 : The Double Dangle ) Lee Oswald and Robert Webster were `` dangles '' , brought together by the FBI and the CIA to entice the Soviets . Robert Webster defected to the USSR to learn more about the Soviet defense program . Radar operator Oswald defected to learn what the Soviets knew about the U-2 . Descriptions of the two men were subtly altered for use in `` molehunt '' exercises designed to look for leaks and capture spies who repeated these descriptions .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Monday , December 6 , 2010 ( 1 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 3 : Counterintelligence goes molehunting with Oswald 's file ) Third in the series . This chapter focuses on how Lee Harvey Oswald threatened to reveal military secrets to the Soviets about the U-2 , and how US counterintelligence used their file as a `` marked card '' to capture supposed Communist spies who were trying to infiltrate the CIA .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Tuesday , November 16 , 2010 ( 1 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 4 : When the U-2 Goes Down , Oswald is Ready to Return ) This chapter reveals the story behind the 1960 U-2 incident . A renegade NSA agent , Jack Dunlap , tipped off the Soviets about flights over the USSR ... which led to the Soviets shooting down the U-2 . Oswald 's boss at the radio/TV factory in Minsk , Don Alejandro Ziger , was ostensibly an alienated White Russian . Oswald used to work on the U-2 . The legend is that Ziger tipped Oswald that their work was done and they should go home .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Thursday , September 2 , 2010 ( 1 comments ) THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE THAT BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part 2 : An Instant Visa Gets The Marine Into Moscow ) Second in a series that discusses the twelve people that created the Oswald legend . Here : Oswald 's experience with the U-2 while in the Marines , how Oswald managed to cadge an instant visa from the Soviets to enter the USSR , how American officials protected Oswald after they told them they would give radar secrets to the Soviet Union . And what was the relationship between Oswald and defector Robert Webster ? They could be twins .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Sunday , August 22 , 2010 THE JFK CASE : THE TWELVE WHO BUILT THE OSWALD LEGEND ( Part One : Mother , Meyer , and the Spotters ) This is the first in a series of essays explaining the background of the twelve handlers of Lee Harvey Oswald during the last four years of their life . It is a gripping story of espionage , based on documents in the National Archives . Ask the House Oversight Committee to release both the JFK files and the MLK files . US history should not be wrapped in mystery . Many of the key issues have already been resolved .
Series : The JFK Case : The Twelve Who Built the Oswald Legend ( 12 Articles , 115003 views )
Thursday , March 11 , 2010 The JFK Case ; the Office that Spied on its Own Spies Documents reveal that the CIA used Lee Harvey Oswald 's visa requests for espionage purposes in shadowboxing with the Soviets before the JFK assassination . During Sunshine Week March 14-20 , take action to free the JFK files and other files as well . Informants can be interviewed or released from their oaths while they are still alive . The House Oversight Committee can do the right thing and open the vaults .
Series : POLITICAL REPRESSION AND FRAME-UPS IN POSTWAR AMERICA ( 3 Articles , 31148 views )
TEL AVIV , Israel — The world 's largest collection of Holocaust documents is going digital .
Israel 's Holocaust memorial , Yad Vashem , is teaming up with Google to make its photographs and documents interactive and searchable on the Internet .
The project launched Wednesday with a collection of 130,000 photos that can now be searched directly from Google , using standard keywords and other data that make it far easier than in the past to find the desired information .
The collection is expected to expand to other parts of the memorial 's vast archives in the future .
A social network-like component allows viewers to contribute to the project by adding their own stories , comments and documents about family members who appear in the online archives .
Yad Vashem Chairman Avner Shalev said even though that feature could be misused to post anti-Semitic comments , the risk is outweighed by the benefit provided to future generations seeking information about their ancestors .
“ This is part of our vision — to connect Yad Vashem 's knowledge and information to modern technology , and bring it to youngsters , ” they said .
The project started three years ago in the Tel Aviv skyscraper that houses Google 's research operations in Israel . It was inspired by a Google initiative encouraging employees to spend 20 percent of work time on projects they feel are important .
Google used experimental optical character recognition technology to make text within documents and photos searchable in multiple languages .
The move is just the latest in Yad Vashem 's digital outreach . Earlier this week , the memorial launched a version of its YouTube channel in Farsi to educate the country 's most bitter enemy — Iran — about the Nazi genocide of 6 million Jews .
Yad Vashem 's next priority is to digitize its collection of survivor testimonies .
The launch comes a day before the U.N. marks its annual Holocaust remembrance day .
Inside the VR lenses of the game . Image : Keep Talking Games
I was n't even holding a controller the first time I played one of the best games I 've tried this year . I was given a pen , postcard , and a binder manual , only a dozen or so pages long . I was the 'expert , ' and in all my expertise I wrote my name under 'defuser ' by accident . I was a first time explosives savant in Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes , an Ottawa-made Oculus Rift game that turns bomb disposal into a great party game .
`` I 'm going to do the wires , '' said my Oculus wearing partner , who I had never met before this session . I asked them to tell me what they saw , when they just started listing off colours . `` Blue , black , black , white , black , yellow . '' Knowing each colour 's order and sum were integral conditions to know which one he 'd have to cut . I had n't even considered them being horizontal or vertical to be a factor , something that would prove fatal my next game .
`` We wanted to come up with situations where information could be split between players , '' said Ben Kane , one of the game 's developers . `` We decided to arrange it so they 'd be working together instead of independently . Shouting is definitely part of it , but the fun in communication is really our primary goal . ''
The manual your friends used to help you diffuse the bomb . Image : Keep Talking Games
The game was inspired by something they encountered at this year 's Global Game Jam . Their team brought the Oculus dev kit for an outing , when other developers started gathering around it like it was a spectacle .
The team wanted to make a party game for the Oculus , which is a tall order when only one person can see something the others ca n't . That 's what led them to the bomb chase , the Hollywood trope of one sweaty wreck of an isolated technician braving a bomb alone , usually with a headset connected to a faraway professional relaying advice .
With time on the clock you can imagine things can get heated , frustrating , rewarding , and intensive . You 'll truly be able to test your friend 's character on who will remain collected and who will just start yelling `` MANCY . ''
`` Oculus seems to be generating ideas that are less traditional , '' said Kane , `` as far as what people 's expectations are of games . It 's nice that you can go into a game or experience not knowing what the standard rules are going to be . There are so many strange things happening with the Oculus Rift , people are exploring to see what can work . ''
Blue , black , black , white , black , yellow
That first time playing was successful . My partner and I actually defused the device . The developers stamped my postcard with a thick blue `` DEFUSED . '' Now I wanted to sit in the other seat , this time pairing up with one of the developers , Allen Pestaluky , to be the hands behind the bomb disposal . Using the same time limit , five minutes , but adding a fourth puzzle , I was smug and still riding my first victory .
Now I got to see the bomb . On a table in a grey room , the suitcase shaped device hovered over an alarm clock and a record player . It was divided into 12 grids , six on each side , with cubbies for the 'modules , ' each containing a different puzzle needs to be addressed in its own way .
A screenshot from Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes . Image : Keep Talking Games
`` Is there a pin slot on the bottom ? '' they asked .
`` On the bottom of what ? ''
`` The bomb , like you 'd see on a computer ? ''
I flipped the bomb to see its base . `` Oh , I see one . ''
`` Is it long ? ''
`` Define long ... ''
I decided to begin with the wires , again , thinking I had them mastered from my first go . This time they were vertical , which I did n't know would make such a massive difference . I did n't even notice the star symbols and lights on either end of each wire . The most obvious variance to someone seeing the puzzle for the first time was that one wire was striped instead of solid .
`` The best is when the expert discovers it during gameplay , '' said Kane , `` go completely silent , diffuser starts to panic , and the experts say , 'let 's go to something else . ' ''
Solving this module took up four minutes , and we still had three more to deal with . One was a button puzzle , which I helped solve the last time , dependant on the colour of the button and surrounding features . One was a code encryption . I did n't even get a look at the third one before I blew up .
Ben told me the reason the current build has such a difficulty jump is because they first developed it to have a lifespan , a difficulty that would stop anyone from being able to get so knowledgeable on the game that they would n't need a partner . When they started to demo , they found they may have gone too far , and that juicy middle that connects both ends is in the works . `` Short answer is that it 's still under development . ''
And so I had both experiences . As a defuser , I failed , but as an expert , on the manual , I succeeded . Maybe it 's a pride thing , but I 'll weigh my sentiment on the win . After all , that role required both communication and reading comprehension . This is what I will tell myself .
The Oculus is certainly getting developers out of their comfort zone . I have n't used a pen and paper in conjunction with a video game since Clue on the Sega Genesis , and the use of the Oculus ' limits , and the tests of people 's senses , makes Keep Talking one of the most interesting games I 've seen on the device so far .
`` One scenario that we would have really liked to fit in would have been , like , 'Speed , ' '' says Kane , `` but placing the game on a moving bus was just going to be a little more effort . We 'll wait for the next one . ''
Silex Labs originally posted the article WWX 2014 Speech : Thomas Fétiveau : Development workflow with Cocktail and NME which links to the YouTube videos , Thomas 's slides and a brief synopsis of the talk . Below are the videos and my own overview of the talk .
Overview
Thomas shares their knowledge of using Cocktail , a HTML and CSS rendering engine by SilexLabs the hosts of WWX . They start off with the development workflow that they use , starting off by targeting any browser and once everything is working , compile using Cocktail to the Flash player to see if anything needs fixing .
Finally they compile using Cocktail and NME to target mobile platforms . These three steps appear deceivingly simple , but the Cocktail team have written HTML and CSS parsers which are attempting to be W3C compatible and work on any Haxe target .
Thomas then goes onto show projects they have used Cocktail in , EBuzzing Buzz player , TF1 connect app which targets Adobe AIR , displaying live streams , real time comments , votes and interactions on Twitter and Facebook , the TF1 X player which compiles to HTML5 , Flash , native iOS and Android and available as a native app fragment . With each project , Cocktail has been improved with new features and bug fixes .
But it does have its limitations like any library . It currently does n't have full CSS support , missing some HTML elements . Its best to checkout Cocktails HTML and CSS status page . But it is great for apps that need to target web and native with no compromise on performance and compatibility .
I 'm continually impressed by this library and this talk just reinforces that fact for me .
Slides
Demo
Thomas published the source for the demo which appeared in their talk , available from GitHub .
Rank out of the 100 largest U.S. cities .
Population according to 2017 Forecast Census block groups provided by Esri .
Acreage is worth a total of 40 possible points , with 20 possible points for Median Park Size and 20 possible points for Parkland as Percent of City Area .
A maximum of 40 points for total spending per resident .
basketball hoops
dog parks
playgrounds
recreation and senior centers
restrooms
splashpads A maximum of 40 points for an average of per-capita provision of six key amenities :
A maximum of 40 points for percentage of the population living within a ten-minute ( 1/2 mile ) walk of a public park .
Acreage , investment , amenities , and access scores combined for a maximum of 160 points .
The raw score is normalized to their ParkScore of up to 100 possible points .
An explanation goes here of the spending for this specific city .
According to WLWT in Cincinnati , Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Terence Garvin has been fined $ 25,000 by the NFL for Sunday 's hit on Cincinnati Bengals punter Kevin Huber .
The first quarter hit on Huber happened on the punt return by Antonio Brown for a touchdown but was not flagged .
On Tuesday , NFL head of officials Dean Blandino said on NFL Total Access that Garvin should have been penalized on the play for hitting a defenseless player in the head and neck area .
The NFL rulebook also states that punters are considered to be defenseless plays throughout the course of a play .
This is of course the first fine that Garvin has incurred during their career and it is not known at this time if they will appeal it with hopes of getting the amount reduced .
Garvin , a rookie undrafted free agent out of West Virginia , makes roughly $ 23,823.00 a week based on their base salary .
As The Wolf Of Wall Street is released across Europe , and to help Universal Pictures International spread the word , I once again teamed up with regular collaborators Glass Eye , and together we created the Run With The Wolf campaign . The centrepiece of the campaign is the Run With The Wolf infographic ( you can grab and share the full piece here ) , which takes you along with Jordan Belfort 's story – from their arrival in Wall Street , through to the formation of Stratton-Oakmont and beyond . With Glass Eye coordinating with UPI and gathering all the data , I was in charge of designing the infographic , adapting the film 's strong yellow and black film branding into a dynamically flowing piece , combining photographic material and graphics to tell a ( visually ) compelling story .
If that was n't enough , we also created a series of stand-alone animated GIFs , each one focussing on some of the more outrageous “ accomplishments ” of Jordan Belfort . Of course , we did all this in three languages : firstly for the UK market , followed by Germany and Spain .
To top it all off ( because we do n't really do things in half measures ) Glass Eye also produced animated versions , both an animated GIF and a video created in conjunction with Benny Crime .
The Wolf Of Wall Street opens on Thursday , January 16 , in Germany and on Friday , January 17 in the UK and Spain .
Wrapping up , we ran a very small print run of the infographic ( thank you , Screaming Colour ) for the three markets , some signed by Leonardo DiCaprio and Jonah Hill . Sadly we did n't get to keep one of those , but we heard through the grapevine that Leo wanted to keep three prints for himself . Which was nice .
What Do ‘ Dead Horse ' And ‘ Devil 's Backbone ' Have In Common ? — A Misguided Guide to Unusual Place Names in America .
By Victoria Elizabeth
It is said that England has more than a few rather quaint place names such as Bodmin , Grimbister , Ipswich , Nobottle , No Man 's Land , Pie Corner , Pratt 's Bottom , Scrabster and Twatt but , they pale in comparison to the plethora of picturesque place names in the “ New World ” .
For those with precious little to do , why not take a wee peek at a few of the curious and entertaining place names found in the United States of America ( like Zap , North Dakota and Knockemstiff , Ohio )
This state of affairs naturally begs several questions .
1 . Just who might be eager to visit these out-of-the-way , off-the-beaten track , and some might even say , downright peculiar places like Nothing , Arizona or Floyds Knobs , Indiana ?
2 . What do real estate agents say and do to attract new property owners to King of Prussia , Valentine or Santa Claus ?
3. Who lives in Nags Head or Lynchburg ?
4 . Why would anyone name a place “ Punxsutawney ” unless of course , one had nothing better to do on “ National Groundhog Appreciation Day ” ?
5 . Where is Frostproof , Funkstown , Pottawattamie , Romeoville and Willacoochee anyway ?
So grab yourself an atlas or a map and whatever you do , drop by and say hello to the folks in :
Chicken , Deadhorse or Eek ( Alaska )
Burnt Corn , Intercourse , Muck City , Rooster ( Alabama )
Fannie , Greasy Corner , Grubbs , Hooker , Okay , Possum Grape , Smackover , Toad Suck , Turkey Scratch , Weiner , Yellville ( Arkansas )
Blunt , Bummerville , Deadwood , Doghouse Junction , Frying Pan , Hellhole Palms , Hells Kitchen , Hooker , Last Chance , Mormon Bar , Needles , Ono , Prunedale , Rescue , Relief , Scarface , Squabbletown , Sucker Flat , Timbuctoo , Toad Town , Volcano , Weedpatch , Wimp , You Bet , Yreka Zzyzx ( California )
Climax , Last Chance , No Name , Parachute , Purgatory ( Colorado )
Giants Neck , Mianus , Moosup ( Connecticut )
Howey-in-the-Hills , Kissimmee , Okahumpka , Sopchoppy , Two Egg , Weeki Wachee , Yeehaw Junction ( Florida )
Between , Chickasawhatchee , Climax , Enigma , Hopeulikit , Talking Rock ( Georgia )
Good Grief , Beer Bottle Crossing ( Idaho )
Bald Knob , Devil 's Backbone , Grand Detour , Kickapoo , Paw Paw , Roachtown ( Illinois )
French Lick , Gnaw Bone , Loogootee , Naked City , Roachdale , Toad Hop ( Indiana )
Diagonal , Gravity , What Cheer ( Iowa )
Perdition , Ransom ( Kansas )
Beaver Lick , Bugtussle , Chicken Gizzard , Crummies , Do Stop , Monkeys Elbow , Mousie , Mud Lick , Oddville , Ogle , Spring Lick , Rabbit Hash , Typo ( Kentucky )
Belcher , Cut-Off , Fort Necessity , Grosse Tete , Mudville , Tickfaw , Waterproof ( Louisana )
Bald Head , Dickey , Beans Corner Bingo ( Maine )
Accident , Assawoman Bay , Boring , Crapo , Cockeysville ( Maryland )
Belchertown , Cow Yard , Mashpee , Sandwich , Swampscott ( Massachusetts )
Bad Axe , Climax , Hell , Jugville , Kalamazoo , Podunk , Slapneck ( Michigan )
Climax , Embarass , Nimrod , Nowthen , Savage , Sleepy Eye ( Minnesota )
Bobo , Chunky , Dragon , Possumneck , Sanatorium , Soso , Yazoo ( Mississippi )
Conception , Cooter , Enough , Frankenstein , Licking , Peculiar , Roach , Sleeper , Tightwad ( Missouri )
Bitter Root , Elmo , Hungry Horse , Rocky Boy , Square Butt , Two-Dot , Yaak ( Montana )
Colon , Fort Crook , Road , Wahoo , Weeping Water , Worms ( Nebraska )
Bunkerville , Incline Village , Lovelock , Owyhee , Pahrump , Searchlight , Verdi-Mogul , Weed Heights , Winnemucca ( Nevada )
Bungy , Contoocook , Hell Hollow , Lost Nation , Sandwich Landing ( New Hampshire )
Bivalve , Brick , Ho-Ho Kus , Little Egg Harbor , Love Ladies , Succasuna ( New Jersey )
Elephant Butte , Tingle , Truth or Consequences ( New Mexico )
Cat Elbow Corner , Climax , Coxsackie , Hicksville , Horseheads , Peekskill , Neversink , Yaphank Yonkers ( New York )
Climax , Gum Neck , Horneytown , Lizard Lick , Meat Camp , Tick Bite , Toast , Whynot ( North Carolina )
Concrete , Hoople , Voltaire , Zap ( North Dakota )
Blue Ball , Climax , Fly , Knockemstiff , Three Legs Town ( Ohio )
Bowlegs , Frogville , Hooker , Okay , Pumpkin Center , Slapout , Slaughterville ( Oklahoma )
Boring , Drain , Halfcom , Idiotville , Zig Zag ( Oregon )
Balltown , Bird-in-Hand , Blue Ball , Climax , Drab , Experiment , Fear Not , Gobbler 's Knob , Hempfield , Intercourse , Loyalsockville , Panic , Porkey , Scalp Level , Uno , Virginville ( Pennsylvania )
Mooseup Valley , Quidnick , Quonochontaug , Woonsocket ( Rhode Island )
Coward , Due West , Ninetimes , Sugar Tit ( South Carolina )
Bath , Igloo , Lemmon , Peever , Red Shirt ( South Dakota )
Bugscuffle , Bucksnort , Defeated , Difficult , Duck Town , Finger , Nameless , Only , Smartt , Sweet Lips , Static , Yum Yum ( Tennessee )
Cut-n-Shoot , Dime Box , Ding Dong , Frognot , Gun Barrel City , Hoop and Holler , Leaky , Loco , Looneyville , Muleshoe , Notrees , Pointblank , Possum Kingdom , Run and Shoot , Tarzan , Trophy Club , Turkey , Twitty , Uncertain , ( Texas )
Bald Knob , Hurricane , Lovelock , Orderville ( Utah )
Bread Loaf , Mosquitoville , Notown , Satans Kingdom ( Vermont )
Bumpass , Croaker , Frogtown , Goochland , Goosepimple Junction , Mutt , Nuttsville , Ordinary ( Virginia )
Enumclaw , Humptulips , Klickitat , Kooskooskie , Tumtum , Tumwater ( Washington )
Big Ugly , Crum , HooHoo , Looneyville , Lost City , Nitro , Odd , Paw , Pinch , War ( West Virginia )
Embarrass , Footville , Imalone , Spread Eagle , Ubet , Wanderoos ( Wisconsin )
Bill , Camel Hump , Meeteetse , Muddy Gap ( Wyoming )
~~~
And , if you want to find these places on a map , go to : http : //geonames.usgs.gov/
Copyright © Victoria Elizabeth 2004 . All rights reserved , Added March , 2005
About the Author : Victoria Elizabeth . “ The Quipping Queen ” , enjoys musing about mirthful things in Life , the Universe and Everything In between from the pages of their blatherskating blog at www.quippingqueen.blogspot.com
Readers ' Additions :
NEWARK , NJ — On Wednesday , Oct. 18 , the NJ Black Panther Party Commemoration Committee will observe the 51st anniversary of the founding of the Black Panther Party with a teach-in and discussion event about the `` continuing impact of the life and legacy of Ernesto 'Che ' Guevara '' from 6 to 8 p.m. at the Newark Public Library , 5 Washington St .
The free , public event will observe the 50th anniversary of Guevara 's death and the 51st anniversary of the launch of the Black Panther Party . The forum will also examine how Guevara 's work continues to influence contemporary activism .
Among the guest presenters are Atnos Smith , who was in the Newark chapter of the Black Panther Party , and Esperanza Martell , founder of the The Urban Atabex Organizing And Healing Network .
Do n't forget to visit the Patch Newark Facebook page here .
Send local news tips , photos and press releases to eric.kiefer @ patch.com
Photo : Flickr / son_gismo
Want to post your next neighborhood event on the Patch ? We do too ! No matter how big or small it may be , if it 's local , it has a place on the Patch calendar .
Posting an event is as simple as 1 , 2 , 3 . Here 's how to do it :
Create a Patch account and sign up to post your own local content on Patch , totally free . It 's probably the easiest thing you 'll do all day . Make a Calendar Event and fill it with all the awesome info that people need to add it to their list of things to do in their neighborhood . Choose a fun image to upload and most importantly - have fun with it ! It 's your event , and the possibilities are endless . Post it on Patch ! That 's it . Get ready for RSVPs .
You can share your event for free to three Patches , or if you really want to get the community 's attention , you can pay $ 20 to feature your event . When an event is featured , it receives priority placement on the local calendar as well as on the homepage , article pages and in the daily newsletter ( if available ) the week before the event .
Missouri Rep. Lacy Clay and FBI Director James Comey . Screenshot/CNN
FBI Director James Comey is on Capitol Hill on Thursday testifying about Hillary Clinton 's email scandal . Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump keeps sharing racist/anti-Semitic propaganda images created by white supremacists . Those two facts are n't super-related , but that was n't going to stop committee member and Democratic Missouri Rep. Lacy Clay !
“ One of my biggest concerns is certain public figures are actually promoting these dangerous groups. ” That is some classic concern trolling .
I mean , on one level , this is all very not funny . It actually is concerning that a major-party presidential candidate is cultivating support from neo-Nazis and white supremacists . ( Since the Oklahoma City terror attack , white extremists have been responsible for at least 29 domestic terror attacks . )
But on the other hand , it was pretty funny .
An undercover Iredell County Sheriff 's Office deputy recently purchased drugs from undercover Statesville police officers , raising questions about communications between the two agencies .
Statesville Police Chief Tom Anderson said undercover officers from their department were working a week-long case when they met with someone interested in selling a small amount of marijuana .
…
After the arrest , investigators from the sheriff 's office arrived and confirmed the seller was an undercover deputy and they were released , Anderson said . [ Statesville Record & Landmark ]
Good thing they were able to stop that small amount of marijuana they were selling from reaching the streets .
In yet another perfect illustration of the colossal stupidity of modern drug enforcement , here 's the story of a drug transaction in which both parties turned out to be police : Pete Guither gets it right Seriously , this is what happens when you have police posing as perps at every level of the drug business . Drug enforcement is all about creating crimes that would never otherwise have occurred , and there are about a million ways that it can go wrong . As funny as this story is , the harsh reality is that frequently when police sell drugs , it 's not part of a planned operation . It 's because they are actually just straight-up selling drugs
Thirteen years , 1,500 infrared cameras , hundreds of catnip-baited hair traps and an almost incalculable number of hours in the field have confirmed what scientists have long feared : the Formosan clouded leopard ( Neofelis nebulosa brachyura ) is in all likelihood extinct . The subspecies , endemic to Taiwan , was wiped out by poaching , trade in its pelts during the Japanese occupation , habitat destruction and elimination of its natural prey .
`` There is little chance that the clouded leopard still exists in Taiwan , '' zoologist Chiang Po-jen told the Taipei Times this week . Although they seem to hold hope that a few of the cats might still survive , they said `` we do not think they exist in any significant numbers . ''
Chiang , a research fellow with the Mammalogical Society of Taiwan , was part of a team of zoologists from Taiwan and the U.S. who have been looking for the Formosan clouded leopard since 2001 . The 13-year quest was an extension of earlier work by Chiang , whose doctoral dissertation ( pdf ) covered the first four years of the search .
The news of this extinction is n't unexpected , as there has n't been a confirmed sighting of the Formosan clouded leopard in more than three decades . One dead cat was supposedly photographed at the bottom of an aboriginal trap in 1983 , but that photograph was later discredited and the negative disappeared , according to a 2009 report from Taiwan Review . Pei Jai-chyi , a professor at National Pingtung University of Science and Technology who also participated in the 13-year search , told the magazine that Taiwanese aboriginals did not use pits for hunting , preferring snares instead . They suspected the photo was actually taken in Borneo and depicted a similar-looking species .
Chiang was also interviewed by Taiwan Review . They called the search for the clouded leopard `` spiritual , '' saying `` A forest with clouded leopards and a forest without clouded leopards mean something different . A forest without clouded leopards is ... dead . ''
The cats may have still existed around the time of that 1983 photograph , even if that picture itself is n't to be trusted . In 1986 Alan Rabinowitz—now CEO of the big-cat conservation organization Panthera—traveled to Taiwan and interviewed aboriginal hunters , forestry officials and villagers ; seven people told them they had seen the cats within the previous five to ten years ( pdf ) . Rabinowitz tells me they think the leopards probably went extinct soon after they visited the island and says their extinction `` represents a sad setback to the incredible biodiversity and vitality of Planet Earth . We must be ever vigilant to prevent such extinctions in the future . ''
Taiwan 's government still lists the Formosan clouded leopard as a protected animal , but it will now review the 13-year study and decide if it will formally list the cats as extinct . Meanwhile , there is still one confirmed Formosan clouded leopard in Taiwan : a stuffed specimen sitting by itself at the National Taiwan museum . Sadly , that may be the last one anyone will ever see .
The main species of clouded leopards ( N. nebulosa ) , still exists in the Himalayas , where it is considered vulnerable to extinction . Another species , the Sunda or Bornean clouded leopard ( N. diardi ) , lives on Borneo and Sumatra and is also considered vulnerable .
Previously in Extinction Countdown :
Photo : An 1862 painting of a Formosan clouded leopard by Joseph Wolf , public domain
By Johnny Bossyman , Our Head of News and Bias ( and personally defended by Derek Bateman - so there ! )
In a proud moment for us , Salmond made it clear to our most incisive and astute BBC front , David Bumblebee , that UKIP had won a seat in Scotlandshire , despite having no organisation ( other than the BBC ) , no publicity ( other than the BBC ) and no platform ( other than the BBC ) . As they crestfallenly accepted , UKIP in Scotlandshire was entirely beamed into the county by the BBC . `` Beam me up , Scotty '' was the truest ( perhaps the only true ) thing they have ever said .
We are confident that every woman who voted UKIP will remain loyal to their principles and refuse any maternity benefits . UKIP believes that women should stand on their own two feet - because that position is less likely to lead to maternity benefits being required . However , accepting their position in a UKIP world does mean that women will have to accept taking whatever position they are instructed to take .
Disappointingly , the Natz remain the most popular party in Scotlandshire - even after having been in power for seven years , during which they have done their worst to my country ( though they seem to have been OK for the Scotlandshire region ) . Their vote share dropped by less than 0.2 % , while their fellow travellers in the Greens rose by 0.8 % .
For some unexplained reason , being the `` party in government '' does n't seem to reduce their vote . This is a huge disadvantage for the Natz , because they ca n't trot out that excuse for being humiliated as the Lib-Dums can ( and do - endlessly ) .
For the `` Labour Party '' ( they use their proper name in Euro elections unlike every other election in this region , instead of adding the `` Scottish '' prefix ) these elections saw a huge surge from second place to second place . However , this second place was better than their last second place because they made a 5 % gain from the Lib-Dums .
Johann Lamont was unavailable for comment , but an aide said , `` Johann is delighted to be second - that 's nearly first . Is n't it ? Like the UK Treasury , we get a bit confused by numbers . ''
Tory hopeful , Murdar Fraser , stoutly defended their tweet last night that there had been a `` 2 % swing from SNP to Conservative '' . Challenged by a reporter ( not one of ours ) who understood these compicated things that the actual swing was less than a tenth of that , Fraser responded that they were using Treasury methods . `` If the UK Treasury can claim that an independent Scotlandshire will need 750 % more Government Departments than the UK does , then who am I to differ with their abacus . Obviously I got it wrong . I should have said that the swing from SNP to Tory was 1000 % '' .
Green leader , Pat Reelale Harvie said , `` I 'm disappointed that we did n't win a seat , but the Green Party is thoroughly pro-EU . This vote shows that Scotland is highly European . It shows that Scotland too has its share of right-wing bigots who hate foreigners ... '' They were unable to add to the comment , as they vomited into the capacious pockets of a nearby UKIPper .
We did try to speak to the new UKIP MEP for Scotlandshire , David Co * * burn . Apparently , they had left their London home to make an appearance in Scotlandshire , but got a little confused and ended up in Dover . A spokeskipper explained , `` David knew that there was nothing but desert north of the M25 , so assumed that Scotlandshire was somewhere in the South . Be reasonable , it 's a mistake any of us could have made .
`` However , when David manages to get on a ferry to cross to Scotlandshire , they will 'stand up to Salmond and their nasty little dictatorship ' . ''
Related Articles
,
Comments
Due to the huge number of complaints , comments are no longer banned on BBC Scotlandshire News pages .
.
This is the third of a multipart series on the state of the economy and how we got here .
Wall Street is dangerously similar to German New Wave movies . Movies by Werner Herzog , Rainer Werner Fassbinder , Margarethe von Trotta , Volker Schlöndorff , Wim Wenders -- you know the genre . Their movies are difficult and dense . Mostly , they are horrid . I hate these movies , but have never forgotten one .
I make the comparison because Wall Street , like German New Wave cinema , has always featured heroes with impossible dreams or people with unique talents in obscure fields . And like German New Wave , the obsessiveness of Wall Street 's main characters has also always taken the place of plot . The plan of Wall Street 's hot shots has always been that there is no plan . People are on their own . God is absent . Truth is elastic . The important thing is to keep on pushing .
In the lives of these characters , whether from German New Wave or Wall Street , a lot is improvised . For both groups , life is lived in the theater of the ridiculous . In the Wall Street version , that materializes in statements such as `` I am ridiculously rich '' or `` I am ridiculously lucky . '' It 's generally the opposite for characters in German New Wave .
In German New Wave movies , chickens often stand in for people . It 's too painful to watch a German New Wave movie without a little existential comic relief every now and then , and the directors know it . There are long shots of chickens on the beach , buried up to their necks in sand , as the tide comes in . Shots of dancing chickens . Hypnotized chickens . Cannibalistic chickens . Dwarves throwing chickens . Chickens talking to themselves . Chickens jumping off of cliffs .
Lately , the chickens have come home to roost on Wall Street . And like German New Wave cinema , the stories coming out of Wall Street this year is touched by the ridiculous , but more fundamentally Wagnerian in scope , influenced by operatic themes . Themes like character , ambition , greed , scandal , disgrace , bankruptcy , ignominy , shame and even justice .
Yes , justice .
Bear Stearns Bust
On Thursday , June 19 , the FBI made its first big bust since last summer 's subprime mess , the first big bust since the housing and credit crises that followed the subprime mess pushed our country into a recession .
Hooray for the FBI . They busted hundreds of housing developers , mortgage lenders and brokers , lawyers , real estate agents and appraisers across the country , while two hedge fund managers on Wall Street were arrested in a separate but related case . ( Incidentally , those two guys were referred to , but not named , in our May 28 article , `` Secrets and Lies , '' about Bear Stearns . )
FBI director Robert Mueller was quick to congratulate himself . `` This dragnet operation is an example of our unified commitment to address a significant crime problem , '' they told reporters . `` The FBI will continue to direct its investigative and analytic resources toward the mortgage fraud and corporate securities fraud that threaten our nation 's economy . ''
Nice start , Bob .
The fact that the investigation is ongoing underscores that the problems on Wall Street are not isolated to even a few hundred bad apples .
`` These arrests make it clear that the causes of our credit problems are very broad-based and ca n't be put at the feet of any one player , '' Mark Zandi of Moody 's said at the same press conference . `` It makes it clear that everyone was involved to one degree or another -- from lender to investment banker to hedge fund manager -- all the way from the bottom to the top . ''
You forgot to mention someone , Mr. Zandi . You too , director Mueller .
Prime brokers . The new masters of the universe .
Among all their colleagues on Wall Street , it is the prime brokers who dream the most impossible dreams and who have the most unique talents in the most obscure fields .
If Werner Herzog were to make a movie about Wall Street today , they would be looking into the face of the prime broker . I 'm reading from a possible movie review : `` The face of the prime broker has the quality of a dream -- at once vivid , but vague ; easy to touch , but beyond reach ; at once scary like science fiction and ethereally lovely like a fantasy . It is a beautiful face , reflected in the eerie blue of a computer screen , but in the end , it is the last face you will see before the market crashes . ''
So who are they , these prime brokers ? These guys who print the new money in the shadow banking system ? These guys who live for all that is unregulated and opaque ?
First of all , they are not regular people .
`` They are professional madmen , '' said Warren Buffet in their famous 2005 speech to shareholders at Berkshire Hathaway .
Except for Warren Buffet , nobody spoke up . Since Buffet 's speech , billions and billions of dollars , perhaps a trillion , were stashed in offshore accounts , as Wall Street managed its own fortune . ( It 's a myth that Wall Street manages the fortunes of its clients . It does not . It serves itself the cake . We 're lucky if a few crumbs fall off the plate . )
Let 's now break this silence , and with it the omerta of prime brokerage .
'Unspoken Terror '
It all started innocently enough , generically enough .
In the beginning , through the 1980s and '90s , prime brokers were the guys at big investment banks like UBS , Morgan Stanley , Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs , Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , etc. , who supported the nascent hedge fund industry with basic services .
A hedge fund start-up -- and there were thousands of them back in the '80s and '90s , as many as 8,000 at one time -- usually bought a basic package from a prime broker . The core services in the package included global custody ( clearing , custody and asset servicing ; no problem , all plain vanilla ) ; securities lending ( especially for what 's called `` naked short sales , '' which is illegal ) ; financing ( facilitating the crazy extreme leverage at hedge funds , sometimes as high as 40-to-1 ) ; customized technology ( providing hedge funds with reporting necessary to value positions and risk ; this is where things started to get funky ) ; and operational support ( prime brokers became the hedge fund 's primary operations contact with all other members of the broker-dealer community , and oh , did this invite abuse ) .
It is easy to see how young hedge funds became so dependent on prime brokers . Prime brokers served as incubators for hedge fund hatchlings that were proliferating like so many baby chicks at a Tyson chicken farm .
In addition to all the above services , prime brokers also provided what is quaintly called `` value-added '' services in the hedge fund industry , including capital introduction ( introductions to the prime broker 's institutional clients and other possible investors , a blatant conflict of interest but nobody in Congress cared ) ; office space leasing and services ( read : free or discounted office space , replete with staff and support -- a bribe for business ? you bet ) ; risk management advisory services ( prime brokers advising hedge funds on the very same junk bonds they secretly wanted to dump on them ) ; and something ambiguously called `` consulting services '' ( often focused on how hedge funds could circumvent established regulatory requirements , usually by domiciling operations beyond the jurisdiction of U.S. law ) .
It got worse after 2000 .
Introduce swaps and derivatives into the mix . Yeah , baby . Things suddenly got really interesting . Preserving the integrity of the balance sheet at hedge funds got thrown out the window as swaps and derivatives grew , including the exponential growth of something called `` synthetic positions . ''
`` Synthetic '' means fake , bogus , fixed , fraudulent . It 's that simple . Add to synthetic positions the liquidity of the first years of our decade as Alan Greenspan brought interest rates down to almost nothing , and you get the picture . In one year alone , from 2005 to 2006 , the market for credit default swaps , just one product , grew from $ 12.4 trillion to $ 26 trillion .
Most markets are a zero-sum game , meaning there are an equal number of winners and losers . For every dollar someone makes , someone else loses a dollar . Prime brokers changed all that . Because prime brokers never lost .
Prime brokers acting as the hedge fund industry 's only interface with the world ( see `` operational support , '' above ) were able to create a shadow banking system where the counterparties to any hedge fund 's trades were unknown , even to the hedge fund . Add to that opaqueness a lack of infrastructure where a lot of trades are unconfirmed or delayed , and there are the makings for greatest bank heist in history .
While the Federal Reserve Bank has since 1996 published reports on these obvious problems , it was n't until September 2005 that the Fed addressed what was termed the `` unspoken terror '' of settlement issues among prime brokers .
Funny that it took two more years before Congress noticed . All it took to get their attention were last summer 's subprime mess , the blow-up at Bear Stearns and a country plunged into a recession .
Shadow Masters
Dreamers and those with unique talents in obscure fields are the folks who built the shadow banking system . They are the prime brokers .
Like actors in a Werner Herzog movie , they inhabit a strange new world , one as big as the traditional banking system or bigger , but where there are no federally insured deposits and where shadow banks neither have nor want -- or even need -- access to short-term borrowing from the Fed or any other central bank during times of crisis . It 's a world where no risk is too great , where collateral is n't necessary , where there are no capital requirements and where counterparties are never identified . Shadow banks are beyond the reach of law , are almost always found offshore and redefine the term `` international crime organization . '' Indeed , because shadow banks always make money , they would even profit from the collapse of the global financial system . They might even cause it to happen .
Prime brokers have been the new masters , no question about it . But their primacy may finally be threatened .
`` This bright new financial system -- for all its talented participants , for all its rich rewards -- has failed the test of the marketplace , '' said Paul Volker , former president of the Federal Reserve , during a speech I attended in April . `` It adds up to a clarion call for reform . ''
Two months later , at a press conference where I was also present , Timothy Geithner , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , answered that call .
`` The structure of the financial system changed radically during the boom , with dramatic growth outside the traditional banking system , '' Geithner warned in their speech , adding that unregulated growth in opaque assets made the last crisis difficult to manage and could make a future crisis impossible to manage .
And two weeks before the FBI busted those two guys at Bear Stearns , U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the Federal Reserve should `` be allowed to collect information from large complex financial institutions . '' They said , `` Regulators should have a clear path toward figuring out how to intervene in a crisis and how to close a failed brokerage firm . ''
Sounds like Paulson is expecting more trouble . If this were a New Wave German film instead of the banal horror of real life , someone would figure out that it must be time to pull out the chickens .
In the last decade the influence of Qatar has grown greatly , fueled by its vast oil and gas revenues and by the skill of its leaders . Whether that influence is being used positively , or in ways that comport with American interests , are separate matters .
In Mali , there is good reason to question whether Qatar is helping the government of that country and those coming to its aid -- France and France 's allies ( including the EU , United States , and the nations of West Africa ) -- or helping the Al Qaeda-linked rebels . As long ago as last summer this question was being asked in France , due to the Qatari presence in northern Mali and its aid to areas controlled by the Islamist groups ; the mayor of the town of Gao was quoted as saying `` the government of France knows who is supporting the terrorists . There is Qatar , for example .... '' The same article quoted a specialist at the Sciences-Po in Paris saying `` In the same way that Qatar has provided special forces to lead opposition to Gaddafi , we think a number of elements Qatari special forces are now in northern Mali to ensure the training of recruits who are in place there , especially Ansar Dine . '' The French weekly Le Canard Enchaine wrote last June that `` Based on information collected by the [ Directorate of Military Intelligence ] , the Tuareg rebels of the MNLA , Ansar Eddine , AQIM , and Mujao were assisted with dollars from Qatar . ''
Accusations are not proof , and there appears as yet to be no proof . There is a Qatari Red Crescent society presence in northern Mali , and there are programs that Qatar says are providing humanitarian assistance only . But an article at the web site Open Democracy by the French analyst Mehdi Lazar sums up the background well :
the presence of Qatari forces in Mali has been , and continues to be , a strategy used increasingly in Africa , especially since the Arab Spring . The emirate became involved in the financing of political parties such as the Muslim Brotherhood in Tunisia and Egypt in 2011 and 2012 , was involved in mediation in Darfur which was held in Sudan in 2011 and engaged in the NATO coalition that fought the regime of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 ( similarly , Qatar has also funded rebel fighters in Libya ) . Besides the presence of the Qatari Red Crescent humanitarian aid in Mali , one may speculate about other possible reasons for their presence in this part of the Sahel . If the assumption of funding , even training and arming Islamist groups by Qatar forces in northern Mali is confirmed , then it is possible to draw several conclusions . Firstly , this intervention would provide the emirate with a simple but risky strategy to greatly increase its influence in West Africa and the Sahel . Indeed , Qatar could greatly increase its influence in the mediation between the Malian government , ECOWAS , the northern rebels , and even France . This would increase its political clout on the continent , taking advantage , as it often does , of a favourable political environment . In the case of Mali , it is a failed state with a sudden power vacuum in the North , due both to the Tuareg rebellion in the North and the coup in the South . Add to this , the fortuitous presence in the Sahel of many fighters together with the weapons used in the recent war in Libya , alongside the presence in the North of young and unemployed Tuaregs opposed to the Malian state , and one can see how it might be possible to fund the rebels . Using this combination of favourable factors , the emirate can see a way to continue making its influence heavily felt in Africa , work also undertaken in Egypt , Libya and Tunisia . In this respect , as in the case of Qatari engagement in Syria , two factors are in common . Firstly , after the success of the Libyan campaign , the emirate feels confident in being able to directly intervene abroad a power perspective . In addition , as in Syria , the presence of the emirate in Mali , if it is real , should be viewed in the context of a twofold competition : first with Saudi Arabia to control the Sunni Islamic world , but also to strengthen the power struggle of Sunni Muslims against Shiite Muslims ( because the axis Iran - Syria - Hezbollah remains strong while the Shia in Iraq rises ) . Another common point , but this time with Libya , is that Mali is seen as a potential owner of large reserves of natural gas and has a need for infrastructure development ; two areas in which Qatar specializes . It could therefore , in the event of good relations with the leaders of an Islamic state in northern Mali , exploit the subsoil rich in gold and uranium , and prospect the country 's oil and gas potential . Finally , geographically , Mali is also an axis of penetration into black Africa and West Africa where Qatar is pursuing its influence through the purchase of resources and agricultural land , as well as the funding of places of worship .
The subject of the Qatari role is now attracting more attention , for example in a January 22 story in France 24 entitled `` Is Qatar Fueling the Crisis in North Mali ? '' That there has long been a Qatari presence in the north seems clear , but whether it is purely humanitarian or -- as some argue -- means Qatari aid to and influence over the Islamist and even terrorist groups remains uncertain . Given the new French role in Mali , and American support for it , this aspect of Qatari foreign policy is already proving deeply controversial -- and rightly so .
“ If the President is looking for someone to blame on the slow pace of confirmations , they need only to look in the mirror . There are more than 500 Senate confirmable positions . Even though it is now June , the administration has failed to select a nominee for 442 of them , '' Schumer said in a statement on Monday .
They added that Trump `` ought to roll up their sleeves and get to work rather than pointing false fingers of blame . ”
Earlier Monday , Trump blamed Democrats for slow-walking their political nominees and urged the Senate to approve more of their picks .
. @ foxandfriends Dems are taking forever to approve my people , including Ambassadors . They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS ! Want approvals . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 5 , 2017
Democrats ca n't block a nominee without GOP support , but they have slow-walked many of Trump 's nominees and forced even sub-Cabinet picks to overcome procedural hurdles .
ADVERTISEMENT
Schumer argued on Monday that senators have a `` responsibility to give a thorough vetting for such important positions , with many of the nominees having conflicts of interest and incomplete ethics agreements when they were named . ''
Of the 559 `` key positions '' tracked by The Washington Post and the Partnership for Public Service , the Senate has confirmed 39 individuals and the president has nominated an additional 63 .
The Senate has already confirmed five of Trump 's ambassador nominations . An additional six have been formally nominated , but only one — Scott Brown to be ambassador to New Zealand — is currently ready for a Senate vote .
- This story was updated at 12:48 p.m .
May 6 , 2015
( Ottawa , ON ) – Assembly of First Nations ( AFN ) National Chief Perry Bellegarde says that today 's vote in the House of Commons to defeat Private Member 's Bill C-641 , United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples Act , undermines Canada 's claims to be a country that respects and acts on the human rights of Indigenous peoples .
“ The same government that endorsed the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples has now actively defeated a bill that would compel Canada to act on its endorsement , ” said National Chief Bellegarde . “ This is a betrayal of Canada 's commitments to First Nations and all its citizens . Canada consistently pretends to be a defender of human rights on the international stage while working to undermine those same rights here at home . ”
Private Member 's Bill C-641 was introduced on December 4 , 2014 by New Democratic Party MP Romeo Saganash . The bill would have required the Government of Canada to take all measures necessary to ensure that all Canadian laws are consistent with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , and that the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs would have to prepare an annual report to Parliament reviewing progress in implementing the law . National Chief Bellegarde recently delivered a statement on behalf of a wide range of groups calling on all countries to ensure their laws are consistent with the UN Declaration . Yesterday , the National Chief sent a message to all Members of Parliament calling on them to support Bill C-641 .
“ Claims that the Declaration is incompatible with Canadian law are untrue and undermine Canada 's reputation in the international community , ” said National Chief Bellegarde . “ Giving life to the principles in the UN Declaration will help close the gap in the quality of life between First Nations and other Canadians . The Declaration sets out a respectful approach based on reconciliation , healing , justice and peace . We will work with all levels of government and the public , private and legal sectors to ensure they do . ”
The UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples was adopted by the UN in 2007 and officially endorsed by Canada in 2010 . The Declaration sets out minimal global standards for the protection of the rights of Indigenous peoples .
The Assembly of First Nations is the national organization representing First Nation citizens in Canada .
-30-
Contact information :
Jenna Young Castro , Assembly of First Nations Communications Officer
613-241-6789 , ext 401 or cell : 613-314-8157 or email [ email protected ]
Alain Garon , Assembly of First Nations Bilingual Communications Officer 613-241-6789 , ext 382 or cell : 613-2920857 or email [ email protected ]
WASHINGTON , DC - JANUARY 30 : Senate Environment and Public Works Committee ranking member Sen. David Vitter ( R-LA ) questions members of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission during an oversight hearing in the Dirksen Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill January 30 , 2014 in Washington , DC . The commissioiners answered senators ' questions about their transparency , travel budgets , the continued clean up of the Fukushima disaster in Japan and other related issues . ( Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images )
WASHINGTON -- Two states are taking small steps away from a little-known aspect of the war on drugs .
The California Legislature has just passed a bill that will allow people convicted of drug-related felonies to receive welfare and food stamps . And last week , Missouri Gov . Jay Nixon ( D ) signed legislation lifting the state 's ban on food stamps for felons .
The felon bans were relics of the tough-on-crime politics of the 1990s , and their demise is partly due to waning support for the harsh treatment of drug users .
`` In a lot of cases , the law enforcement community is supportive and feels this is a way to reduce recidivism , '' said Elizabeth Lower-Basch , a senior analyst at the Center for Law and Social Policy , a liberal D.C. think tank . Lower-Basch noted that other states , including Alabama and West Virginia , have also considered changing their policies . `` We 're moving in the right direction . ''
Since 1996 , federal law has banned anyone with a drug-related felony conviction from receiving benefits from the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program . But the law allows states to waive or modify the bans , and most states have done so .
According to The Sentencing Project , a drug law reform group , California was one of 24 states with modified bans on SNAP and TANF in place . Missouri , previously one of the nine states with full bans , will now let drug felons get SNAP if they stay clean .
`` I think it gives folks an opportunity to succeed , '' bill sponsor and state Sen. Kiki Curls ( D ) said , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch .
While a few states may be slowly liberalizing their approach to welfare and felons , many others have sought to impose drug testing programs to make relief applicants prove they 're sober . Republicans in Congress tried but failed to change federal law to make it easier for states to impose drug tests for food stamps .
The 1996 federal law banning felons from food stamps and welfare targets only people convicted of drug-related crimes , not felons who have committed murder , for example . Without much debate , last year both the U.S. House and Senate approved legislation championed by Sen. David Vitter ( R-La . ) that would have banned rapists and murderers from food stamps , but lawmakers quietly dropped Vitter 's language when they merged the House and Senate bills .
Bob Greenstein , director of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , laid out some of the basic arguments against banning felons from assistance in a blog post last year about Vitter 's amendment .
`` Ex-offenders often have difficulty finding jobs that pay decent wages , '' Greenstein wrote . `` The amendment could pose dilemmas for ex-offenders who are trying to go straight but can neither find jobs nor , as a result of the amendment , obtain enough food to feed their children and families . ''
DeKALB , Ill. - Northern Illinois University Associate Vice-President and Director of Athletics Sean T. Frazier capped off Huskie Football SchedulePalooza by announcing that the Huskies will play the University of Maryland in a home-and-home series in 2020 and 2021 .
On Sept 25 , 2021 , Maryland , now a member of the Big Ten Conference , will become the first team from that league to play in Huskie Stadium . The series will begin the previous season when the Huskies travel to College Park to take on the Terps at Byrd Stadium on Sept. 12 , 2020 .
Frazier said the Maryland series puts an exclamation point on a great week of announcements that has captured the interest of the NIU fan base .
`` This series with Maryland are a fantastic way to close out an incredible week of scheduling announcements , '' Frazier said . `` Huskie fans have been waiting for a Big Ten team to visit Huskie Stadium , and so many have vivid memories of the last time Maryland played here . That 2003 game really ignited our fan base , and I hope this announcement and SchedulePalooza have done the same for a new generation of NIU fans . ''
`` I like what we have been able to accomplish in scheduling with these series so far , '' they continued . `` We will play quality opponents both on the road and at home , and all of these games help us get where we need to be when it comes to positioning ourselves for the future under the College Football Playoff . There is still work to be done . Every good concert deserves an encore , right ? Well so does SchedulePalooza ! Stay tuned ! ''
NIU has revealed a new home-and-home football series on each of the last four days during SchedulePalooza . On Tuesday , NIU kicked off the event by announcing a home-and-home series with San Diego State in 2016 and 2017 . Wednesday , the Huskies released dates for games versus BYU in 2018 and 2020 , and on Thursday NIU added match-ups in 2018 and 2019 versus Utah .
The SchedulePalooza series include a pair of `` firsts , '' with Maryland the initial Big Ten and Utah the first Pac-12 Conference team now scheduled to play in Huskie Stadium .
While Maryland will make its first trip to Huskie Stadium as a member of the Big Ten , the 2021 game will not be the team 's first visit to DeKalb . On August 28 , 2003 , NIU and the No . 15 ranked Terps played a memorable overtime thriller before a sold-out crowd at Huskie Stadium and a national television audience . The Huskies ' 20-13 victory , on a Josh Haldi to Dan Sheldon touchdown pass and a pass break up by Randee Drew that clinched the win , propelled NIU to a 10-2 season that also featured victories over Iowa State and Alabama .
The next year , NIU dropped a 23-20 decision at No . 22 Maryland to open the season . In a game that involved a controversial ending , time ran out on the Huskies ' potential game-winning drive after NIU came back from a 15-point third-quarter deficit . UM also claimed a 30-6 season-opening home win over the Huskies on August 31 , 1996 in Joe Novak 's debut as head coach . Maryland leads the series overall , 1-2 .
SchedulePalooza will lead directly into the start of preseason camp for the NIU football team as the Huskies open practice on Saturday , Aug. 2 . NIU 's 46 wins over the last four seasons are the second-highest total in the Football Bowl Subdivision . The Huskies take a school and MAC record 26-game home stadium winning streak into the 2014 season opener versus Presbyterian on Thursday , Aug. 28th at 6 p.m .
Season tickets offer the best value for the best seats at Huskie Stadium at a cost of just $ 110 for all five 2014 home games . Season ticket holders receive a gift and invitations to exclusive season ticket holder events in addition to the same seat for every game . Members of the NIU Alumni Association , senior citizens and NIU faculty and staff receive a $ 15 discount on every season ticket .
Season tickets , as well as single game tickets and away game tickets , can be purchased through the NIU Athletics Ticket Office in the NIU Convocation Center , online at www.NIUHuskies.com/tickets or by calling 815-753-PACK ( 7225 ) .
-- NIU --
Twitter : @ NIUAthletics
Facebook : NIU Huskies
Wireframe testing takes no time at all and can save you reworks and money . In this post , we 'll show you how
Wireframe testing takes no time at all and can save you reworks and money . In this post , we 'll show you how
Wireframe testing is n't as common as a full on user testing session with interactive prototypes .
At Justinmind , we understand the importance of testing early and getting important feedback in these crucial stages . Wireframe testing can prevent needless reworks and save time , energy and resources and that 's always a bonus .
In this post , we 'll go over how to test a wireframe on users in 4 steps .
What is a wireframe ?
Ah , good old wireframes . In many ways , the word wireframe tells you what you need to know . It 's a frame , the simple structure of a product . It does n't have any fancy pictures or whizzing interactions like an interactive prototype might have . It 's stripped-back and skeletal .
A wireframe acts as the bare bones of your product before you make any big design decisions . Usually , the purpose of wireframes is reduced to showing the functionality of a product or the navigational flow . That 's it . Nothing more , nothing less .
If you start getting more complicated than that , then you 're probably creating something more than a wireframe .
Why do wireframe user testing ?
User testing is a valuable endeavour for UI and UX designers . A little investigation can go a long way especially when it comes to getting early feedback for your product . A small mistake caught early can pay off in the long run .
In fact , it can cost you 10 times more to fix something later in development than early in the design phase .
You might think there 's nothing to test since a wireframe by its very nature is naked and bare . But , you 're in for a surprise because there are plenty of reasons to carry out some initial user testing on wireframes .
Test your wireframe in seconds . Download Justinmind . Download free
Benefits of user testing a wireframe on users
Whether you 've got a budget as big as a CEO 's salary or you 're struggling on a shoestring , user testing is possible .
The beauty of user testing is that there are many different methods that you can choose from which fit all levels of budget . So , if it 's an easy-to-do observation session or a full on eye-tracking methodology , you 're going to find a method that fits your budget .
Because of the various methodologies available to you , there is no need for a formal lab or user testing room . As long as you have a paper and pencil , just book a meeting room and you 're good to go .
Other benefits of user testing a wireframe are :
Early feedback to iterate upon
Validating your ideas
Save time in the development stage
Identify key issues in navigation and functionality
Cost saving
Explore multiple , possible experiences
Identify which experiences to develop further
You can also use wireframes to identify missing or extra requirements .
How to test a wireframe on users in 4 steps
Now you 've got your head around the basics of wireframes and what benefits they bring to a design project . It 's time to take a look at how you can go about testing your little skeletons on your users .
Design your wireframe
It might sound silly , and maybe it is , but before you can test anything , you need to create a wireframe .
You can develop your wireframe from a paper prototype or a pre-existing sketch . Maybe you 're a design maverick and you 're going to directly design the wireframe . Whatever your style , get your design down . Make sure to use a grid so you have some sense of proportion , too .
Do n't forget that whipping up a wireframe in Justinmind takes just a couple of clicks . With drag and drop widgets and custom widget libraries , you can get your wireframe skeleton ready to test in just a few hours .
A rather unorthodox , yet empowering , approach would be co-creation . This is where users and designers create products together . The main benefit to co-creation is that users are shaping the product they 'll eventually use .
Take a look at this 10 inspiring wireframe examples to get your creative juices flowing .
Plan and choose your user testing methodologies
When you 've designed your wireframe , whether on paper or digitally , it 's time to consider which methodologies you want to use when user testing . Some traditional user testing methodologies wo n't be necessary for a wireframe as there is limited testing you can carry out on a wireframe .
You 'll also want to plan your user testing session – so which parts of the navigational flow are you testing ? How about the functionality of a particular screen ? And do n't forget to create a script , even if minimal and a time limit .
You 'll need to also give your participants tasks and goals to complete . It 's usually best to stick to a single task during a user testing session to maintain focus .
Some common user testing methodologies include :
A/B testing
Focus groups
Heatmaps
Surveys
Observation
Usability testing
Set up your user testing session
Now you need to set up your testing session . You can do this in a meeting room or anywhere that 's sufficiently bereft of distractions .
You 'll need participants for your user testing session . At this early stage , your participants could simply be colleagues or people from another departments in the office .
You do n't have to go to the lengths of finding a big pool of people either . 2 to 3 users should suffice , especially for a wireframe .
Nielsen Norman Group recommends testing with just 5 users as anything more elaborate is a waste of time and resources . In fact , Nielsen discovered that from just one user you 've already learned almost a third of all there is to know about the usability of a design . So small and frequent is preferable .
If you 've made your wireframe in Justinmind , there are some useful sharing capabilities .
When you share your prototype with a quick link , the people you share it with have the power to leave comments on specific UI elements .
This can help you when you need to get quick insight into functionality and navigation flow . And you can leave comments both offline and online – all feedback is automatically synced to your account .
Usability.gov has an extensive run down on the ins and outs of setting up a usability test . Once you 've set up , you 'll be ready to test .
Justinmind is fully integrated with your favorite user testing tools .
Iterate from your findings
After you 've completed your wireframe testing sessions , you 'll want to analyze the session and results so that you can iterate on findings and carry out further testing sessions ( remember , the more the better ! ) or decide whether the session itself needs to be tweaked to accommodate unplanned tangents .
As mentioned , if you 're co-creating with users , you can continue to build with them based on your findings .
UsabilityHub has a useful example walkthrough of a wireframe test , including heatmap analysis of their wireframes .
Conclusion
Wireframe testing will help your design evolve in a way that makes it more usable and functional .
When you find errors early on in the process , you 're going to save time and energy because you 'll have a firm understanding of your product much sooner than without testing .
Barbara Cargill , the chair of the State Board of Education in Texas , recently spoke in front of the state 's Senate Committee on Education to complain about CSCOPE , an online curriculum management system .
Them main gripe ?
It only teaches one side of the evolution “ debate ” :
Our intent , as far as theories with the [ curriculum standards ] , was to teach all sides of scientific explanations… But when I went on [ to the CSCOPE website ] last night , I could n't find anything that might be seen as another side to the theory of evolution . Every link , every lesson , everything , you know , was taught as “ this is how the origin of life happened , this is what the fossil record proves , ” and all that 's fine , but that 's only one side .
That 's also the only scientifically valid side .
As Brian Tashman writes at Right Wing Watch :
… a biology textbook that includes creationism as a “ balance ” to evolution would be no different than a geology textbook that includes the views of the Flat Earth Society .
The Texas Freedom Network , a watchdog group , put out a press release against Cargill 's comments yesterday :
“ Senators must ask hard questions about whether they will pressure publishers into writing textbooks to conform to their personal beliefs instead of sound science and once again put the culture wars ahead of our children 's education. ” … Cargill 's comments echo creationist arguments about so-called “ weaknesses ” of evolution even though scientists have pointed out that such objections were debunked long ago . In 2009 the state board approved Cargill 's recommendation to remove a reference to the scientific consensus on the age of the universe — about 14 billion years old — from the high school curriculum standards .
This is n't Cargill 's first instance of trying to ruin education for Texas schoolchildren . In fact , TFN has a long list of items ( PDF ) from their troubling record :
In case you have n't facepalmed enough , Cargill also mentioned in the video that she 's a Biology teacher .
But , you know , that 's only their view . I 'm waiting to hear another side to the story .
The automotive journalist created the cross-country event on which the film is based and penned the script for another Burt Reynolds film , 'Smokey and the Bandit II . '
Brock Yates , the automotive journalist and inventor of The Cannonball Run who wrote the screenplay for the 1981 film about the renegade cross-country road race that starred Burt Reynolds , has died . They were 82 .
Yates , who earlier had penned the script for Smokey and the Bandit II ( 1980 ) , another car movie that starred Reynolds and was directed by Hal Needham , died Wednesday , their son announced .
“ Today , after suffering with Alzheimer 's for the last 12 years , my father finally succumbed , ” Brock Yates Jr. wrote on Facebook . “ He touched many lives , but sadly no more . ”
A longtime writer and editor at Car and Driver magazine , Yates launched the first Cannonball Baker Sea-to-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash in 1971 . The unsanctioned event was held to protest the imminent 55-mph national speed limit , and five races were held until 1979 .
Famed race-car driver Dan Gurney and Yates drove a Ferrari 365 GTB/4 in 35 hours , 54 minutes to win the original Cannonball .
In 2002 , Yates wrote for Car and Driver that Reynolds `` butchered the original script I had written for the late Steve McQueen , and the result , while a massive moneymaker , was lashed by the critics . '' ( The movie grossed $ 72 million in the U.S. , or $ 191 million today . )
The journalist also noted that the Dick Landy 440 Dodge ambulance they drove in the 1979 Cannonball was the same vehicle used by Reynolds , Dom DeLuise , Jack Elam and Farrah Fawcett in the movie .
Their characters were used for a Cannonball sequel in 1984 .
Yates ' columns in Car and Driver `` spoke to the frustrations of people who loved cars but who were prevented from enjoying them by meddling government bureaucrats , '' Autoweek West Coast editor Mark Vaughn wrote . `` Yates said in the pages of the magazine and in other outlets in which their work appeared what so many car enthusiasts felt . ''
Yates authored almost two dozen books , hosted their own show , The Great Drivers , on The Nashville Network and worked for CBS Sports as a color commentator .
In 1984 , they came up with the idea for another cross-country endurance event , One Lap of America , which still runs today .
These days , it 's hard to keep straight all of Congress ' efforts to build plutocracy — the further consolidation of the power of the richest Americans at the expense of the rest of us .
With the Senate passing a multi-trillion dollar job-killing giveaway of our tax dollars to the people and companies who need it least , you might have missed the bill moving through the Senate to deregulate Wall Street and consumer finance .
ADVERTISEMENT
Senator Crapo 's so-called “ Economic Growth , Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act ” being marked up by the Senate Banking Committee Tuesday is a serious threat to the stability of our financial markets and our economy .
The excuse for the Crapo bill , like the deregulatory bills Congress passed in the 1990s that led to the disaster of 2008 , is that it will stimulate economic growth by unleashing the financial sector . The reality , however , is that there is no evidence that financial regulations stymie economic growth .
Profits in the banking sector are soaring , but there is a lot of evidence that when you unleash finance , finance turns and bites the real economy .
What the Crapo bill will do is hurt working people . It would weaken protections against predatory , unaffordable mortgage lending of the type that blew up the U.S. economy in 2008 . It would also broaden exemptions from the mortgage affordability requirements created by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act .
To make matters worse , the Crapo bill undermines safety and soundness requirements that apply to mid-size banks that collectively hold around $ 3.7 trillion in assets and were the recipients of $ 47 billion in bailouts during the last financial crisis .
It will also re-open the door to “ proprietary trading , ” or bank speculation in risky financial markets with taxpayer-backed funds , for banks with less than $ 10 billion in assets . This provision also includes a dangerous loophole that could allow much larger , systemically dangerous banks to engage in more extensive proprietary trading .
The key thing is there are no meaningful measures to keep even larger institutions from using these smaller ones as conduits . These kinds of dynamics could easily feed a systemic crisis that puts taxpayers at risk of being called on , once again , to bail out Wall Street .
It 's been seven short years since Congress passed Dodd-Frank to address some of the most egregious examples of dangerous Wall Street speculation and consumer abuse that came to light during the financial crisis .
Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Act because pretty much everyone from Alan Greenspan on realized that lax regulation of financial market actors was a leading cause of the 2008 financial crisis .
The AFL-CIO agrees with Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump 's emergency declaration MORE ( D-Mass . ) that “ we need more accountability to make sure big financial institutions do n't threaten the economy again . ”
Strong financial regulations prevent crises and give investors confidence that they will be treated fairly and have legal recourse when they choose to invest in businesses that are poised to grow , create jobs and develop innovative products and services . This is the recipe for a strong economy . Not the race to the bottom that the Crapo bill will feed .
Fortunately , Sen. Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownWorse than nothing 's been done since the massive Equifax hack Dems face internal battle over budget On The Money : Dems set Tuesday vote on Trump 's emergency declaration | Most Republicans expected to back Trump | Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown drama | Powell heading before Congress MORE ( D-Ohio ) , the ranking Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee , has rightly called on the Senate to take a different direction : to build on the achievements of the Dodd-Frank Act , rather than undermining the stability of our financial system .
So this is a moment for policymakers to decide whose side they 're on : Are they in Washington to look out for the best interests of working people or to line the pockets of bank executives and Wall Street lobbyists ?
Damon Silvers is policy director for the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations ( AFL-CIO ) , the largest federation of unions in the United States .
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power .
Enlarge Pool photo by Ralf-Finn Hestoft President-elect Barack Obama , flanked by Vice President-elect Joe Biden , left , and future Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , speaks to elementary school children on Dec. 16 in Chicago . Some schools wo n't show President Obama 's online speech to the nation 's students Tuesday because of the objections of administrators and parents . Independence , Mo. , School District Superintendent Jim Hinson says he 's gotten `` more calls than we 've ever had on an issue , '' some from parents who will keep their children home Tuesday . Obama will challenge students `` to work hard , stay in school and dramatically reduce the dropout rate '' in the noon ET speech , says White House spokesperson Tommy Vietor . `` This is n't a policy speech . '' Lesson plans sent to schools originally suggested that students write letters to themselves `` about what they can do to help the president . '' That language prompted conservative radio host Glenn Beck to say the White House goal is the `` indoctrination '' of children . This week , the wording was changed to suggest that students ' letters focus on ways to achieve their educational goals , Vietor says . The speech will be posted online Monday , they say . Sandra Abrevaya , U.S. Education Department spokesperson , notes that President George H.W . Bush addressed the nation 's students on live TV in 1991 . Regardless of who the president is , says Brett Curtis , a parent in Pearland , Texas , `` I do n't want them coming into the schools and making a political speech to my children . ... It 's just wrong . '' Some schools are setting their own limits . Hinson says Obama 's remarks wo n't be shown in elementary schools . Other teachers can decide whether to watch . Stu Silberman , superintendent of Fayette County Public Schools in Lexington , Ky. , says about 50 people have called to protest . Some `` got riled up '' after hearing on talk radio that the speech will have political themes , they say . The speech will be shown in many classrooms , Silberman says . Other activities will be found for students whose parents do n't want them to see it . Instead of showing the speech , Texas ' Wichita Falls Independent School District will put a link on its website so students and parents can watch at home , says spokesperson Renae Murphy . David Bradley , a Republican and member of the Texas State Board of Education , says Obama 's speech bypasses the authority of states and local school administrators . Their advice to parents : `` If you 're concerned , keep your kids home for the day . '' Chuck Saylors , National PTA president , a father of four and a trustee of the Greenville County , S.C. , School District , approves of any president 's involvement in `` doing something positive '' to encourage students . `` It 's sad that we 've had to turn yet something else into a political issue . '' Elsewhere : • The communications department at Florida 's Sarasota County School District has gotten about 50 calls , says spokesperson Scott Ferguson . Teachers can show the speech if it fits into their courses , and parents can decide if their children watch . • Granite School District in Salt Lake City has gotten a few complaints at each of its 89 schools , says spokesperson Ben Horsley . The district is sending a notice to parents advising them that they also can watch online . • Mark Enderle , superintendent of the Fort Osage , Mo. , School District , started getting calls on Monday . He 's not requiring teachers to show the speech , nor is they discouraging it . Parents who object can have their children excused . Enderle wonders why the speech has stirred such controversy . They support a positive message about education from the White House , they say , `` regardless of whether my president 's name is Obama , Bush or Millard Fillmore . '' Guidelines : You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . Read more
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
As a candidate in the NDP leadership race , however , the pace has been racheted higher .
A typical week sees the NDP MP for northern Manitoba darting between parliamentary committees and street protests , and using social media or , depending on the season , ice roads to check in with the 85,000 residents of their sprawling Churchill-Keewatinook Aski riding , the fourth largest in Canada . Until recently , they were working on a PhD thesis , while practising a handful of languages .
Hey there , time traveller ! This article was published 29/9/2017 ( 515 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 29/9/2017 ( 515 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
OTTAWA — Niki Ashton moves fast .
A typical week sees the NDP MP for northern Manitoba darting between parliamentary committees and street protests , and using social media or , depending on the season , ice roads to check in with the 85,000 residents of their sprawling Churchill-Keewatinook Aski riding , the fourth largest in Canada . Until recently , they were working on a PhD thesis , while practising a handful of languages .
As a candidate in the NDP leadership race , however , the pace has been racheted higher .
TREVOR HAGAN / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS MP Niki Ashton , Lord Selkirk and Brokenhead Chief Jim Bear in Peguis , Friday , July 21 , 2017 .
She 's spent the past six months criss-crossing Canada , pushing NDP members to support a bigger role for governments and Indigenous groups , while decrying multinational corporations and trade deals .
On their way to a recent interview , Ashton , 35 , allows themselves to ease up , wiping their brow in the 31 C heat . Them third-trimester pregnancy , with twins no less , now has them moving uncharacteristically slow .
They lament the media 's focus on their pregnancy over their politics .
`` Pregnancy is not a permanent condition , '' they say in an interview at a coffee shop near Parliament Hill . `` I think it 's a troubling indication of the ways in which sexism is alive and well in our society . ''
On Sunday , the NDP will announce its first round of voting for leadership . Many expect that none of the four candidates — Ashton , Charlie Angus , Guy Caron and Jagmeet Singh — will clinch 50 per cent , which would lead to a second-round , Thanksgiving weekend reveal .
It 's Ashton 's second attempt at the leadership , after coming last among seven candidates in 2012 . But this time around , they believe their message will go further .
THE CANADIAN PRESS/SEAN KILPATRICK NDP MP Niki Ashton asks a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday , May 16 , 2016 .
The party is still smarting from a catastrophic 2015 election that had the NDP start first in the polls and end last at the ballot box . `` We allowed the Liberals to out-left us , '' says Ashton , who blames departing NDP Leader Tom Mulcair 's pledge to stick to balanced budgets .
`` We distanced ourselves from our principles . ''
Ashton is pledging higher corporate taxes , free tuition , no pipelines and federal control over everything from pharmacare to sustainable-energy projects . They fire off platform points to the point of needing to catch them breath .
She 's targeting millennials — set to be the largest voting block in 2019 — who largely sided with Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau . Ashton says youth now see the Liberals falling short on issues such as climate change and income inequality , amid rising tuition and diminishing job prospects .
`` It 's creating a perfect storm , where young people end up living a worse life than their parents . ''
Those forces have driven young people to Bernie Sanders in the U.S. and Britain 's Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn , neither of whom won recent elections . Ashton , who door-knocked in June 2016 in Sanders ' North Dakota race for the Democrat nomination , says young people are politically engaged , but turned off by middle-of-the-road parties .
`` Change comes from outside of institutions , when people mobilize , when people advocate , '' says Ashton , whose riding 's median age , 27.2 , is the lowest in Canada after Nunavut .
THE CANADIAN PRESS/CHRIS YOUNG Supporters of leadership contender Niki Ashton listen to their speak at the NDP 's Leadership Showcase in Hamilton , Ont . on Sunday , September 17 , 2017 .
Christo Aivalis , adjunct professor of Canadian labour history at Queen 's University in Kingston , Ont. , says Ashton 's theory is borne out by left-leaning publications and polling .
`` There 's a real sense that the left has to re-engage with its historic roots , '' Aivalis says . `` There 's a point being made , that that intergenerational narrative has to be challenged from the left , both within the NDP and beyond it . ''
They say Ashton is tapping into feelings across the western world , though they say inequality is likely stronger felt in places such as Britain .
`` Corbyn is saying , ‘ Look , if the economy is n't democratic , then the politics are n't democratic , ' and I think that 's what Niki 's trying to say . And in Canada we might not quite have that issue . ''
Detractors say Ashton is promising the moon , and does n't have a political track record of success .
In their nine years as MP , their northern Manitoba riding has remained one of the poorest in Canada . This summer , forest fires led to an air evacuation around Island Lake , which lacks road access despite Ashton 's years-long advocacy . Churchill 's perennial woes have only got worse with this year 's railway washout . Greyhound has cut northern bus service .
`` What 's been very important for me is to be a voice for our constituency , in solidarity with those who are fighting injustice every day , '' says Ashton . `` Being from the north , I recognize how all too often we 're not being heard . ''
When pressed to list their wins as an MP , Ashton kneads them fingers .
`` I would say there are a series of fights that we 've been involved in , '' they pause , `` that were in some part or all parts addressed . ''
They count their success as delaying 2010 plans by Brazilian mining company Vale SA to close its Thompson nickel smelter and lay off 500 workers . Them video campaign inspired American filmmaker Michael Moore to weigh in , and Vale reversed course ( last May , Vale announced plans to close the mine next month ) .
When cash-strapped CBC tried shuttering its Thompson radio station in 2009 , Ashton 's petition drive reversed course . Around then , they successfully pushed Ottawa to help curb Island Lake 's outbreak of swine flu .
They say it 's the stark inequality in the resource-rich north that inspires their political vision .
But Ashton has received more press for their response to divisive identity politics .
An innocuous tweet quoting a Beyoncé song led Vancouver Black Lives Matter to call out Ashton for `` appropriating Black culture . '' They apologized within hours .
In 2010 , Ashton reluctantly sided with the Conservatives ' first push to end the long-gun registry , which pitted them hunting constituents against their views on gun control . Ashton has heard the suggestions that she 's out of touch with the average Canadian — especially in their northern riding .
But they do n't buy that .
JOE BRYKSA / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Niki , centre , with their father Steve during their drive to become premier in 2015 .
In 2005 , Ashton beat NDP predecessor Bev Desjarlais for the Churchill NDP nomination , largely because Desjarlais opposed same-sex marriage . Ashton says many in the riding connected gay rights to Indigenous issues and feminism .
`` It was a sense that human rights was kind of the guiding principle , '' they say . `` There are a lot of misconceptions about the north , and about rural areas . ''
Party voters chose them at age 23 , but they were familiar with their father Steve Ashton , who was then a provincial cabinet minister , as well as their experience advocating against gender-based violence .
The multilingual college instructor shelved their career plans of `` international , humanitarian work '' and ran in the 2006 election , losing to Liberal Tina Keeper . But in the 2008 vote , Ashton beat Keeper with 60 per cent more support .
True to their activist roots , Ashton took part in a 2011 sit-in with members of the Sayisi Dene First Nation , who blocked the hallway to the Indian Affairs minister 's parliamentary office . They were seeking an apology and compensation for the band 's forced relocation .
They won a majority of votes in that year 's election . By 2012 , Ashton 's colleagues in the Commons voted them the MP who `` best represents constituents , '' in the annual Maclean 's survey .
Joe Stover , a Churchill port worker laid off two years ago , says Ashton has an authenticity that resonates with people in the north .
`` A lot of activists love her , because they see the fire inside , '' says Stover , who first met Ashton at province-wide competitive swim meets , when they were 12 years old . Growing up in Thompson , friends gave them the nickname `` barracuda '' for their fast-paced swimming .
`` She 's able to tap into a lot of people 's passion . ''
JUSTIN TANG / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS `` A lot of activists love her , because they see the fire inside . ''
Yet Ashton barely kept their seat in the 2015 vote , squeaking by with a three-point lead , which they still call `` a tremendous honour . ''
And then there 's the family name . Them father , is a divisive figure among provincial NDP insiders . The party changed its voting rules in 2007 to a delegate system , after Steve Ashton signed up a large number of recent immigrants , in their first of three unsuccessful runs for provincial leadership .
When asked how they differ from their father , Niki Ashton says they share similar worldviews , with them focused on regaining the economic stability that baby boomers had secured .
Lately , Ashton 's been criticized for pushing leadership candidates to clarify whether they believe domestic assault allegations against new provincial NDP leader Wab Kinew , who 'd eclipsed their father with three times as many votes .
Want to get a head start on your day ? Get the day 's breaking stories , weather forecast , and more sent straight to your inbox every morning .
Ashton 's particularly focused on Jagmeet Singh , whom many see as their top opponent , over statements on Kinew that they say do n't adequately support victims of sexual assault .
`` To not take a clear stand is a way of pushing more women into silence , '' they say . `` Talk is cheap ; you have to walk the walk . ''
On the campaign trail , Ashton 's focus is to unite the NDP 's various constituencies — unions , visible minorities , LGBTTQ * activists — and shifting them to the left . In typical fashion , they say the party must act fast to beat Trudeau .
Party insiders say they have a shot at winning . The likely second-round vote could see a split among the more moderate candidates .
`` What Niki 's trying to say is that there 's a sense that the party is n't as open as it could be , '' says Aivalis . `` She represents the diversity of Manitoba . ''
dylan.robertson @ freepress.mb.ca
The city , along with Oliver-Paipoonge and Conmee , has declared a state of emergency after Monday morning 's flood . In the past 36 hours , some places have seen 108 millimetres of rain .
The city , along with Oliver-Paipoonge and Conmee , has declared a state of emergency after Monday morning 's flood .
In the past 36 hours , some places have seen 108 millimetres of rain . This led to flooded basements and washed out roads and also knocked out the city 's Atlantic Avenue sewage treatment plant .
The plant typically has up to 60 mega litres per day running through it . By 2 a.m. Monday , the water running through it had reached capacity and caused the main sewage pumps to fail , flooding the plant .
“ The meters had actually gone off scale so we were somewhere between 670 mega litres per day but probably closer to 750 , ” city infrastructure and operations manager Darrell Matson said .
Story continues after video ...
By 3:42 a.m. the plant was over capacity with water still flooding from sewers .
“ We never anticipated in our emergency preparedness for the plant to flood to the state at which we saw it this morning , ” Matson added . “ We never thought that from a design perspective we would ever have a plant that was flooded to the degree of which we see it flooded today . ”
There are two separate crews working on the underground plant , working to try and pump water out before a damage assessment can even begin .
There are temporary pumps set up but Matson said they have an extremely limited capacity , which is why the city is asking people to think before they flush toilets or send water down the drain .
“ We know that we 're making grounds we just do n't ' know how long it 's going to take , ” Matson said , adding that they 'll have a better understanding of the plant situation in the next 24 hours .
The city received 300 calls by 6 a.m. about flooding . Fire chief John Hay is encouraging people to only call 911 if it 's absolutely necessary .
“ We would ask the public to take some precautions on their own . Stay out of their basements if there 's water on the basement floor . If the water gets up near electrical outlets to call Thunder Bay Hydro , ” they said .
Lakehead Region Conservation Authority chair Bill Bartley said the situation is unprecedented in the city . As they began to speak to media Monday morning at the North Central Fire Station , rain began to fall again leaving members of the city 's emergency response team to wince .
Story continues after video ...
Bartley said the city should expect more rain in the coming days .
“ They will rise as the day progresses . We 're expecting more precipitation over the next couple of days , ” they said .
Members of the public can call Thunder Bay Hydro at 343-1002 or the city 's infrastructure department at 625-2195 .
NOTE TO READERS : This story has changed significantly from when it was first published . As a result , some of the comments may refer to earlier versions of the story .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — Panthers quarterback Cam Newton has declined to speak to reporters for the second consecutive day . Panthers spokesperson Steven Drummond said Thursday the former league MVP gave no explanation as to why they would n't participate in their weekly news conference prior to Sunday 's game against the Chicago Bears .
Drummond was seen speaking to Newton at their locker for several minutes during the team 's open locker room session .
NFL players are subject to fines for not talking to the media .
Newton 's decision comes two weeks after they apologized for comments they said were `` extremely degrading and disrespectful to women . '' Jourdan Rodrigue , the female reporter from the Charlotte Observer that Newton 's sexist comments were directed at , returned to work this week after taking time off .
When reporters entered the Panthers locker room on Thursday , Newton had the volume so high on a sound system playing music it made it difficult for other players to conduct interviews . They turned the music off after about 15 minutes .
When asked about Newton 's decision to not speak to reporters on Thursday , Panthers coach Ron Rivera said , `` I thought they had a press conference today , but apparently not . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Keith Alexander : I 'm Worth $ 1 Million Per Month Because I 'm Patenting A Way To Stop Hackers ( Which I Did n't Tell The NSA )
from the say-what-now ? dept
Alexander said he 'll file at least nine patents , and possibly more , for a system to detect so-called advanced persistent threats , or hackers who clandestinely burrow into a computer network in order to steal secrets or damage the network itself . It was those kinds of hackers who Alexander , when they were running the NSA , said were responsible for `` the greatest transfer of wealth in American history '' because they were routinely stealing trade secrets and competitive information from U.S. companies and giving it to their competitors , often in China .
Asked why they did n't share this new approach with the federal government when they were in charge of protecting its most important computer systems , Alexander said the key insight about using behavior models came from one of their business partners , whom they also declined to name , and that it takes an approach that the government had n't considered . It 's these methods that Alexander said they will seek to patent .
The Keith Alexander story just keeps getting more and more bizarre . Almost immediately after retiring from the top position at the NSA , where they oversaw the total failure of the NSA 's supposed `` 100 % auditing '' system , allowing Ed Snowden ( and who knows how many others ) to escape with all sorts of documents , Alexander announced that they had set up a cybersecurity firm -- with the ridiculously Hollywood-ish name of IronNet Cybersecurity . A month ago , it was revealed that he 's going around asking banks to pay them $ 1 million per month for their `` expertise . '' That caused a few to wonder if he 's selling classified info , because really , what else could they offer ? Alexander has a new answer : Patents ! Yes , Keith Alexander is claiming that they have an amazing new anti-hacker technique that is brilliant and wonderful and deserving of at least nine patents . According to Shane Harris over at Foreign Policy : Of course , this leads to all sorts of questions . If Alexander had such a brilliant , patentable solution for stopping hackers , why did n't he , you know , use it while they were at the NSA . Their response ? They and an unnamed `` partner '' just came up with it in the last couple months after leaving office : The report also notes that Alexander is a named inventor on seven patent applications filed while they were at the NSA ( the US government keeps those ) , but that these new ones are totally separate.Now , it is entirely possible that Alexander and their partner magically came up with some new way to deal with cybersecurity -- though I 'm skeptical . Cybersecurity work involves an awful lot of trial and error in the real world , and Alexander is insisting already that their `` fundamentally new approach '' will `` jump '' ahead of existing technology . That 's a bold claim for someone who has n't ever actually done work in the commercial field . One thing that we 've pointed out for years , is that people who have no experience in actually building a technology business almost always overvalue the idea , and undervalue the execution . It certainly looks like Alexander is doing exactly that . They think that based on the idea alone -- which is totally unproven -- he 's worth $ 1 million per month . They claim three companies have already paid up , though they do n't say who ( or how much they 're really paying ) . It seems likely that any actual payments are more because of Alexander 's connections , rather than their brilliant `` idea . `` Harris spoke to another expert who notes that the approach Alexander is talking about ( behavioral modeling ) is one that 's been talked about and tried for years without success . In other words , it 's a perfect example of where ideas sound good , but execution matters . And yet , Alexander insists that their ideas alone -- which have n't been proven yet ( and on which they have n't even filed these supposed patents ) -- are so amazing that they will change the nature of cybersecurity ? When Harris asks for more detail about the solution , Alexander would n't tell them any more `` given the sensitive nature of the work . '' Except , of course , if he 's filing patents on it , the details are supposed to be revealed the public in fairly short order ( 18 months at most ) . And , really , if the solution is so great , they should be getting it out there and testing it . Security by obscurity is not the best proving ground . Actually having your solution tested is .
Filed Under : behavior modeling , cybersecurity , hackers , keith alexander , nsa , patents , surveillance
Companies : ironnet cybersecurity
A delegation of senior Hamas officials arrived in Tehran on Friday for meetings with Iranian officials after the Gaza Strip organization announced that it would not cut its ties with Iran .
Salah al-Arouri , deputy head of Hamas ' political bureau , said on Saturday that the trip is in direct response to the U.S. and Israel 's demand that the organization sever its relationship with Iran and to disarm .
Al-Arouri added that the Palestinian reconciliation process will not impact Hamas ' military wing , which they see as a strategic decision for the defense of the Palestinian people .
> > Opinion // Reconciliation in Gaza provides Israel with an Opportunity > >
Hamas ' delegation is to meet with Iranian officials for meetings over a number of days , aiming to update Iranians on the details of the reconciliation deal signed in Cairo two weeks ago .
The Agence France-Presse quoted a senior Hamas official as saying that the organization sought to increase its cooperation with Iran , and to `` secure Iranian financial and logistical support . ''
A senior Hamas official , Taher al-Nunu said over the weekend that `` the relationship between Hamas and Iran has greatly improved over the past months . ''
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
> > Analysis // Palestinian reconciliation deal : Abbas to rule the land and Hamas the underground > >
In August , a Hamas delegation visited the Iranian capital for President Hassan Rohani 's swearing in ceremony . This week 's visit to Tehran comes at a sensitive time , in light of Hamas ' recent steps towards reconciliation with the Palestinian Authority , and subsequent demands from the U.S. and Israel that Hamas disarm and cut its ties with Iran .
Hamas expects that with Iran as its middleman , the organization can develop its relationship with Lebanon 's Hezbollah , as well as with Syria . Al-Arouri and other senior Hamas officials left Qatar 's capital city , Doha , and moved to Lebanon , where they held meetings with Hezbollah officials .
Hamas does not see any contradiction between its deepened relationship with Iran on the one hand , and the reconciliation deal with the Palestinian Authority on the other hand . `` Hamas is a popular resistance organization , and as such , it is natural that they develop relationships with Arab and Muslim countries that believe in the Palestinian cause , '' added al-Nunu .
Prologue :
Every planet in Earth 's solar system fought the scourge of space pirates for hundreds of years before the Treaty of 2137 ended the hostilities .
Earth – Intergalactic Spaceport 2237
Special Holiday Tour :
Last call for Andromeda – Departing at 16:00
Regularly Scheduled Tours :
Black Eye Galaxy – Departing 17:00
Cartwheel Galaxy – Departing 19:30
Cigar Galaxy – Departing at 20:25
On Board the Atlas 4000 Space Cruiser To Andromeda :
“ I hope you 're enjoying the trip Ladies and Gentlemen . Fun fact ; Andromeda is the closest big galaxy to the Milky Way ! How about that ? ” the ship 's captain asked via intercom .
Two-hundred passengers made an affirmative buzz .
“ Not so fun fact : Andromeda is expected to collide with the Milky Way about four billion years from now . They 'll merge into a single new galaxy we 're calling Milkomeda . Enjoy your trip , and thanks for flying with American Intergalactic Connections ! ”
1st Passenger – “ This new Atlas 4000 model is a real improvement over those MF-900 Cruisers which have been the backbone of the fleet for 20 years . ”
2nd Passenger – “ This is my first time in space . I 'm a little nervous . ”
1st Passenger – “ Not to worry . I 'm an ex-space pilot , and I can assure you space travel is safer than driving the freeways in California . ”
2nd Passenger – “ I 'm glad to hear that . I wonder if the stories I 've heard about space pirates are true ? Could we be attacked ? ”
1st Passenger – “ Again , not to worry . There has n't been any space pirates in over 100 years since the Treaty of 2137 . ”
2nd Passenger – “ Funny , I never heard of that treaty . Then there were space pirates ? I could n't find a thing about them in the World Main Frame . If it was n't for my best friend 's father , I would have never heard of them . They were a pilot too . ”
1st Passenger – “ Well , it 's just not the kind of information the company wants to share with potential customers . Why bring up the distant past ? You 're in a state-of-the-art cruiser with every convenience , and you 're going to see things you never dreamed of . ”
2nd Passenger – “ You 're right . Can I order a drink for you ? ”
1st Passenger – In a low voice , “ Thanks , but I ca n't . I 'm on duty . I 'm a security guard for American Intergalactic Connections . ”
“ Ladies and gentlemen , this is your captain . We 're going to make a temporary stop at Alphas Tendir to switch our new warp drives over in the dock . For safety reasons we 're asking you to de-board once we land , and to wait in the lounge area provided for you . It wo n't take long . ”
2nd Passenger – “ Hey , what 's going on ? There 's no scheduled layovers on the trip ticket ? ”
1st Passenger – “ Sorry about that . You 're a nice guy . The least I can do is explain everything after we get off the ship . ”
When the 200 puzzled passengers were being led to the lounge area the 1st Passenger stopped , and pulled the 2nd Passenger out of the line .
“ It 's like this . We lost the war against the space pirates . That 's why every year we have to pay a tribute of 200 inhabitants from each planet as slaves . Whatever you do , do n't look them in the eyes . It really pisses them off ! ”
As It Stands , throughout recorded history conquerors have demanded slaves for tribute .
Share this : Google
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pocket
LinkedIn
Telegram
Skype
Tumblr
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Reading Time : 8 minutes
Rafael Dohms is a very active person in PHP Community . They have more than 15 years of experience in PHP web development . This Brazilian guy moved to the Netherlands to explore new horizons in development and user groups , as they believe in power of user groups . They have created 3 PHP user groups including AmsterdamPHP , PHPDF and PHPSP .
Rafael has contributed in various projects including Symfony , Doctornie , and has helped in both support and documentation . They also believe in sharing of knowledge and for that reason , they are a passionate teacher who believes in empowering new developers .
They have been a speaker at different conferences of PHP in all over the world . Read on to learn more about PHP from the maestro .
Cloudways : Rafael Dohms , would you like to share with our readers about how you started your journey in PHP Web development ? It 's been more than 15 years now when you entered the field . What was your source of motivation behind choosing this field ?
Rafael : It all happened kind of by accident actually . I have always loved computers and was a gamer as a kid , this lead me to play CounterStrike in the 90 's so my first attempts at web development were basically creating websites for my “ clan ” . This got me interested in HTML and early web technologies , which finally lead me to get a job in the area when i started my Computer Engineering course .
PHP joined the mix when my then boss taught it to me and asked me to develop the company 's intranet . I shudder to see the code I wrote back then , but I really enjoyed the language and quickly started using it in my personal projects as well , to replace all the “ formmail.pl ” scripts I had .
Cloudways : You are currently working at Symbid which is basically a funding network . What job roles do you play at Symbid ?
Rafael : I 'm currently the lead developer at Symbid . The company has grown into a fintech company and as tech became more and more important to the company I joined the company along with other people in tech . We are now building a large tech team to turn the company 's vision of a funding network into software reality . The vision of the company is to support entrepreneurs in the new funding market , where bank loans no longer play a strong part in small companies , and connect them to smaller investors in innovative funding models such as equity crowdfunding and such .
As the team lead my main role is to set the heading for the team , how we will build our tools , what our dev process is , how we keep up quality and such . One of my roles , which I really enjoy , is to mentor and guide new developers to grow in their careers , I 'm very happy to work for a company that has that value towards their employees .
Cloudways : You are an active member of PHP community . You are the founder of 3 user groups namely AmsterdamPHP , PHPDF and PHPSP . Tell our audience about these groups . Who are the top contributors of these groups whom you think have contributed a lot ?
Rafael : Yes , I seem to be addicted to creating user groups . But all joking aside I believe UGs play a crucial role in our market , it 's a safe place for developers looking to learn , grow and expand beyond their current “ comfort zone ” . I am very happy for having had a chance in actively creating groups , but also helping inspire other people to create other amazing groups out there .
These groups were also a great way to make new friends in all the places I moved to , that was especially true for AmsterdamPHP , a group that really helped me adapt as an expat in Amsterdam . It seems to also have sparked a trend in The Netherlands and now we have more groups then I can count on my hands .
I was also very lucky to have great people next to me , none of these groups are a one-man deal , they only exist because I could count on great friends to come along for the journey and to take over once my journey was over .
In PHPDF , I counted a lot on Adler Medrado and Pablo Sanchez to kick off that very first group , which is currently becoming active once more under Leonn and Lenon Leite .
PHPSP was an amazing ride with good friends like Ivan Rosolen , Augusto Pascutti and Anderson Casimiro , and it has grown so much since I moved out , I visited the group last December and was very amazed to see so many people involved and so many new activities .
AmsterdamPHP really would not be here if it was not for our board , Frank van den Brink who helped me get it going and current members like Pascal de Vink , Jeroen Groeneweg and Jakub Gadkowski , who stepped in when I could not be there and keep the wheels well oiled on a day-to-day basis .
User Groups are about people not tech . I like to say that they are the places you go to meet the people who will change your life .
Cloudways : You were working on a book on Composer . What was your main inspiration behind writing the book . What main areas do you want to highlight in this book ?
Rafael : Yes , unfortunately that is way overdue since I lost track , but that is also due to Composer 's current progress , which means a lot of updating .
The idea of the book came while I was preparing my second Composer talk . It was aimed at existing users and addressing bad practices or teaching tricks , while separating material to go into it I realized there was so much that could not fit in a talk , that actually would make a nice book . The idea then was to write a book that has a nice narrative to teach about the best ways to do something and offer stories and shines a light on concepts that even though they are in the documentation can be easier to understand in a separate context .
Hopefully this year I manage to organize time around it to release at least an initial version .
Cloudways : You have contributed in different OSS project , Symfony and Doctrine . Would you like to mention some personalities whose working style inspired you a lot while working with these projects ?
Rafael : There are so many , it 's very hard to pick a few . I have been in and out of many projects and worked with many different people , they are all amazing . Contributing to Composer is really fun because you get to interact with Jordi who is an incredibly calm and controlled person , the way they organize and faces OSS is amazing , even if the process sometimes takes long due to the huge amounts of work involved .
I also had the pleasure to work side by side with Guilherme Blanco from Doctrine outside of OSS and they are a unique figure , very smart and very chaotic , but someone who really taught me a lot .
Cloudways : You have a vast experience of working on databases . According to your experience of working on databases which database would you recommend to PHP users ?
Rafael : That is a tough one . I think MySQL is the standard go to , it does not resist and it does what it needs to do , but PostGres offers so many other features and has been evolving very nicely that it really brings a lot to the table .
Interesting enough i find myself using more things like Redis and relying on APIs instead of Databases in my side projects . Technology has come a long way and it 's interesting to see all these changes and how they will affect our tooling .
Cloudways : Rafael , how do you see the future of PHP development ? 2015 saw great releases like PHP7 . What new trends do you see in 2016 in PHP ?
Rafael : I have a good feeling about this year as I had with last year . There is a lot happening in our ecosystem , from internals to the package libraries . I think one thing that will play a major role is PSR-7 and the middleware hype , i think we will see many interesting implementations in this field and a lot of simplified contexts to work in .
The stuff coming out of the FIG will shape a lot of releases and make us more and more work with gluing loose libraries together instead of consolidated monolithic frameworks , this will also reduce a lot of libraries to small moving pieces , this will make for interesting work .
Cloudways : Have you ever worked with Cal Evans , the technical manager at Zend . They recommended you on a social media network . How was your experience if you have worked with him ?
Rafael : I have not worked directly with Cal Evans in “ professional ” office terms , but I have contributed with them in very many projects in the PHP Community . Cal Evans is an amazing person who really has done a lot for this community , they were actually one of the people who brought me into the international community and showed me the ropes , they started me on this road that has led me here .
I think one of the funniest moments we had was a few years back when we invited them to Brazil to speak . For one of their talks , which was very technical , we had no translator available , so we just agreed to co-present , and I would do the translating of what they would say . It went great , up until at one moment , they break into a demo that is very visual and the explanations do n't really need translating , at the end of which they end with “ and here it is ” . So at the end of these 5 minutes of explanations I simply translated to “ taadaaaa ” , and we broke into 5 minutes of non-stop laughing .
Cloudways : You are no doubt a prominent name in international PHP community . Would you like to mention few inspiring personalities in PHP community whom you think are doing some extra awesome work ?
Rafael : Thank you for saying that , I 'm happy all the work I put back into the community helps other people . There are so many good names out there and good people doing amazing stuff , that it 's even hard to isolate them .
Frank de Jong from Flysystem is a name that pops up , apart from maintaining an amazing project that has helped so many people , they have also been growing a lot as a speaker , they are a great guy .
Stefan Koopmanschap is also someone who has always contributed many great things to the community and I love the work they have been doing with their blog and the lessons they have learnt from Amanda Palmer 's “ Art of Asking ” book . We have also been investigating the use of Patreon and sponsorship tools for OSS developers lately and that is something i find has lots of potential .
Cloudways : What is your idea about frameworks . Laravel 5 released recently . What impact will it make in the market ? Expert developers like Cal Evans do n't recommend frameworks . They practice in composer . You are also a speaker of composer . What would you like to recommend to our audience ?
Rafael : Frameworks and composer actually walk hand in hand . I do think the age of the monolithic framework has come to end end , you can see this in the current trend of componentized frameworks , like Symfony and ZF have done .
The recent evolution of PSR-7 , the HTTP message standard , have really brought forward the use of the Middleware pattern in PHP . This is going to stir the pot a bit and really give us new tools and ways of building our tools . That ties into the componentized trend very well , you will se more and more the use of micro frameworks based on Middlewares , like Zend Expressive , and a mix of various code components from many other frameworks , as opposed to selecting one framework and using everything it has .
I 'm very excited to see what we can do with this .
Cloudways : The top development in the field in 2015 was the release of PHP7 . What impact do you think PHP7 is making ? What new trends do you expect in PHP in 2016 ?
Rafael : It was absolutely amazing to be part and to follow the release of PHP 7 . It really is a huge step in our ecosystem , not just technically but in every aspect .
PHP 7 will deliver plenty performance and a lot of new features that will bring PHP code to new levels of quality , allowing people to do some amazing things and really push the limits of what we can do .
I do n't think all the trends in PHP will come just from PHP 7 , it will be a pushing force and hopefully show us that we can do faster adoption of new PHP versions , but what i mentioned above with PSR-7 and frameworks will make many more waves in the ecosystem .
Cloudways : Cloudways made Cloud Hosting simple by giving a platform where you can setup custom PHP websites in a few clicks . It takes minutes to deploy applications on Amazon Web Services , Digital Ocean , Vultr , and Google Compute Engine . What do you think about the features and performance of the platform ?
Rafael : I recently did a Trial on this service and it looked very cool , it really did simplify management of some of the server setup . This clearly has some big advantages especially for small companies without dedicated devops people and for developers who want to maximize time spent on creating an app and not configuring servers .
I especially like all the server hosting options , being a huge fan of Digital Ocean myself .
Share your opinion in the comment section . COMMENT NOW
Ahmed Khan Ahmed was a PHP community expert at Cloudways - A Managed PHP Hosting Cloud Platform . They are a software engineer with extensive knowledge in PHP and SEO . They love watching Game of Thrones is their free time . Follow Ahmed on Twitter to stay updated with their works . You can email them at ahmed.khan @ cloudways.com Get Connected on : Twitter Community Forum
Deep Genre : Taking the Thriller Beyond Cheap Thrills—Author Barbara Kyle
Last week author and story coach Barbara Kyle sent me a supportive email about my novel , Eating Bull , and the uphill publishing battle it 's faced given the controversial subject matter ( obesity and the food industry 's role in it ) . They mentioned she 'd written an article on “ Deep Genre ” : thrillers that dive into complex themes . Since that concept is right up Eating Bull 's alley , it made for a perfect—and rare—guest post for my blog . Take it away , Barbara…
Deep Genre : Taking the Thriller Beyond Cheap Thrills
by Barbara Kyle
It 's often said that a good thriller is like a roller coaster ride . That 's true enough . The genre is about high stakes , countdowns , and suspense , and every good thriller delivers this kind of excitement . But the best thrillers deliver more – an exciting story that also explores complex themes . This kind of story has something important to say about our world . It takes the reader away from the amusement park and sends them on a voyage – an exhilarating journey into a different way of thinking .
Call it Deep Genre .
I believe that popular fiction delivers the best way to truly understand crucial issues of our time , because we see those issues brought to life by characters we care deeply about , characters thrown into terrible dilemmas where they are forced to take risks and make choices . Characters who illuminate the gripping question we readers end up asking ourselves : If I were in that situation , what would I do ? That 's the job of Deep Genre .
We 're all familiar with the conventions of the genre as a roller coaster ride : the life-and-death stakes ; the antagonist making the stakes personal for the hero ; the hero at the mercy of the villain , then turning the tables and coming out on top ; the false ending . But readers want their expectations reversed . In Deep Genre the author leads the reader into thinking they understand the characters , then the story splits that “ comfort zone ” open and gives them an insight they never saw coming . “ Insight ” literally means seeing the truth through and under the surface of things . It 's the novelist 's job to crack open not only readers ' expectations , but also their received wisdom , their acceptance of society 's status quo .
Woody Allen was once asked : Is sex dirty ? Their answer was : Yes , if you 're doing it right . Is Deep Genre subversive ? I say : Yes , if the author is doing it right . Deep Genre is always about fighting Power .
Charles Dickens knew this when they wrote their immensely popular novels to hold a mirror up to the horrors that working class people suffered under unfettered capitalism in nineteenth century London . In our time , bestselling author John Grisham has often done the same with thrillers about the “ little guy ” finally beating some form of corporate bully . In their The Rainmaker it 's the powerful insurance industry , and in The Street Lawyer it 's mega-developers who force homeless people to their death . Like Dickens , Grisham uses the thriller genre – Deep Genre – to say what needs to be said .
Readers welcome this rich experience . We need it . Because it 's not the roller coaster ride that satisfies the soul . It 's the voyage .
* * *
About Barbara Kyle
Barbara Kyle is the author of ten novels with over 450,000 copies sold in seven countries . Them the latest book is The Traitor 's Daughter . Them master classes and manuscript evaluations have launched many writers to published success . Barbara 's “ Crafting the Page-Turner ” Writers ' Symposium on 17-18 October 2015 will bring top industry professionals to give workshops , seminars , and pitch sessions . For information and to register see BarbaraKyle.com .
Any books or films you 've enjoyed that tackle a deeper issue ?
* * *
Carrie Rubin is the author of The Seneca Scourge , a medical thriller . For full bio , click here .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
In recent months , Paste 's style tastings and rankings have focused more tightly onto specific , well-defined styles : American saisons . American wheat beers . American porters . This is not that tasting .
In terms of “ seasonal ” beer , summer and fall are probably the two biggest seasons , but fall can only be mentioned in the same breath because of Octoberfest and pumpkin offerings , which dominate the craft beer marketplace from Sept-Nov. Summer , on the other hand , is much more open and less defined in the styles produced by the beer industry . On one hand , this is pretty exciting : Just about anything can be a summer seasonal . On the other hand , it made us a little wary in how we were going to taste and rank a huge pool of potential summer seasonals .
What we decided was to be as inclusive as possible—let the breweries decide what makes a good “ summer beer , ” and then simply see if we agree with them . And what we ended up with was an incredible array of things to taste . Blonde ales . Pale ales . IPAs and DIPAs . Wheat beers . Fruit beers . Spice beers . We tasted them all , with only a few rules .
Rules and Details
Entries must be a summer seasonal , which is to say only available in summer . It does n't matter if it 's a great beer to drink during summer , if it 's available year-round , then it 's not included . When you leave a comment to complain about a beer being left off , it would really help us if you at least considered the possibility that it might not be a summer seasonal . Pretty much all beer styles were included except for sours . We 've received a variety of Berliner weisses , gose 's and American wild ales , but we 'll be doing upcoming tastings that are exclusively for tart beers.Tasters include beer writers and brewery owners . Superior ( finally Paste-branded ! ) glassware is from Spiegelau . Beers were judged by how exemplary they were in their own style , and given 1-100 scores .
The Field : Beers # 58-26
As always , there are plenty of great beers here in the field that simply could n't make the top 25 . Some of them were styles that were simply done better by other beers on the list—if your brewery makes a fruit beer , but it 's the third or fourth best featuring that fruit in our tasting , then it 's probably not going to make the top of the field . A few of these beers had technical issues , but the majority of them are brews that we 'd happily reach for on a hot summer day . They 're listed below in alphabetical order so you 'll know what we sampled . They are not ranked . Repeat , these are not ranked .
Alaskan Brewing Co. Raspberry Wheat
Aspen Brewing Co . This Season 's Blonde
Breckenridge Brewery SummerBright Ale
Bridgeport Stumptown Tart
Brooklyn Brewery Summer Ale
DuClaw Brewing Co. Funk
DuClaw Brewing Co. Morgazm
4 Hands Brewing Co . Send Help
4 Hands Brewing Co . Contact High
Foothills Brewing Co. Hopjob Session IPA
Full Sail Session Cream Ale
Geary 's Summer Ale
Gordon Biersch Sommerbrau
Half Acre Beer Co. Vallejo IPA
Harpoon Summer Ale
Hi-Wire Brewing Uprising Hefeweizen
Hop Concept Citrus & Piney
Lake Placid Pub & Brewery Around the Bend Pale Ale
Lucky Bucket Brewing Bellyflop
Sam Adams Porch Rocker
Sam Adams Summer Ale
SanTan Brewing Co. Mr. Pineapple
Saranac Summer Pils
Second Self Brewing Co. Summer IPA
Short 's Brewing Co. Nicie Spicie
Shiner Prickly Pear
Ska Brewing Mexican Logger
Southern Tier Hopsun
Southern Tier Tangier Session IPA
Sun King Brewing Indians Lager
Summit Brewing Co. Summer Ale
Uinta Brewing Sum ' r
Upland Brewing Co. Campside Session IPA
Next : # 's 25-1 , a winner is crowned
NEW CITY – Rockland County Executive-elect Ed Day has not wasted any time in proposing one of their key platform issues . The current county legislator wants their colleagues to adopt a measure to reduce the salaries of elected officials , including legislators and the county executive , by 10 percent .
Day said the issue is timely and would need to be addressed now .
“ You can not reduce an elected official 's pay during their or their term in office , so with my term starting January 1st and it would also be the county clerk , any reductions have to happen before the end of the year , December 31 , or they can not happen for the next four years , ” Day said .
Rockland County has been in financial trouble for the last couple of years and Day would like those officials to contribute to the financial turnaround .
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Ministers believe e-cigarettes are a 'gateway ' for young people to start smoking by normalising it
People will be banned from using e-cigarettes in enclosed places such as restaurants , pubs and at work in Wales , under a new public health law .
The plan , likely to come into force in 2017 and the first in the UK , has already divided opinion among health and medical groups , including some anti-smoking campaigners .
But ministers say it is a `` balance of risk '' and will stop children smoking .
Tattoo parlours will also need licences under the Public Health Bill .
In taking the decision to bring in the e-cigarette ban , ministers have argued they did not want to take the risk of seeing smoking `` normalised '' again after the success of the smoking ban .
The new tobacco and e-cigarette measures will mean :
Shops will have to join a register for retailers of tobacco and e-cigarettes - aimed at stopping illegal sales to under-18s
It will be an offence to `` hand over '' tobacco and e-cigarettes to children - and this will include online sales
A restricted use of e-cigarettes , banning them in enclosed public spaces and workplaces - this will include lorries and taxis
This final measure is proving the most controversial and is likely to come into force in 2017 , but a precise date has not been given .
Image copyright OSTILL Image caption The divided opinions in response to the initial proposals last year
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There is opposition to the ban from different quarters
Public Health Wales , local health boards and the BMA are in favour of the e-cigarettes curbs .
But anti-smoking campaign group ASH Wales , Cancer Research UK and Tenovus are among those opposed and the British Heart Foundation , British Lung Foundation and Royal College of Physicians want more evidence .
In a public consultation on the proposals last year , 79 % of responses were opposed .
Smoking statistics 19 % of adults in Wales smoke 16 % target by 2020 70 % of smokers want to quit
44 % tried to quit in past year
2.6m British adults use e-cigarettes
61 % of vapers want to quit smoking PA
There have been concerns that it might make it more difficult for smokers using e-cigarettes as a way of stopping .
George Butterworth , tobacco policy manager for Cancer Research UK , said there was no evidence of normalisation of e-cigarettes with young people - and those using them were `` very , very small numbers '' .
`` Those that are , are the type of people who would try alcohol or tobacco cigarettes anyway - so without that evidence we would n't support a ban on the use of e-cigarettes indoors under the idea of normalisation , '' they said .
`` E-cigarettes are an opportunity for people to move away from tobacco smoking which is very , very bad for their health , and we would n't want to put up any barriers to prevent people from quitting cigarettes. ``
Analysis
By Nick Triggle , health correspondent
E-cigarettes have really divided health opinion - and that in turn has caused confusion .
However , the arguments for and against them are in fact typical of many that have been heard down the years in the field of health . That is to say it is all about balancing risk and benefit - and as evidence is still emerging it is only natural to find a variety of opinion .
On their own , there is little to recommend the use of e-cigarettes . They contain some toxins and , therefore , in theory are potentially harmful - both to those using them and , possibly , through passive smoking .
But this debate is further complicated by the fact that it is not just the merits of e-cigarettes that are being discussed , but their impact on smoking tobacco products . Some , for example , have argued they act as a gateway to real smoking .
But , of course , e-cigarettes can not be seen in isolation . Smoking them - and this is about the only thing that is not disputed - is less harmful than tobacco products . That , in a nutshell , is why some claim they should be treated sympathetically .
Officials acknowledge there is divided opinion but believe the evidence is now growing to support a ban . Although the numbers of children using e-cigarettes are low , ministers do not want to take the risk of children seeing smoking `` normalised '' again after the success in banning smoking .
There are similar e-cigarette restrictions in countries like Belgium , Spain and Malta , with proposals in France and Ireland . But this would be a first for the UK .
The BMA says it is `` vital '' that e-cigarettes do not undermine tobacco control and they are particularly worried that the way they are marketed is making them attractive to children .
It also says more research is needed to find out whether e-cigarettes actually help smokers to quit .
TATTOOS AND PIERCINGS
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Katan Costello , who runs the Two Hearts Tattoo Studio in Cardiff , calls the proposed licensing system 'brilliant '
A licensing system is also being drawn up with the tattoo and piercing industry - to produce enforceable professional hygiene and health standards by 2017 .
There are already around 350 tattoo premises with licences in Wales but there are many others , including self-taught tattooists called `` scratchers '' .
It is a recognition that times have changed dramatically since the last legislation in the early 1980s , with tattoos and piercings more popular .
There will also be a ban on intimate piercings for the under-16s .
Ministers say the industry welcomes the new system - backed up by the threat of prosecution and fines - which will see tattooists having to show they are competent .
BETTER ACCESS TO TOILETS
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Councillor Louise Hughes wants compulsory action on public toilets
Councils will also be expected to produce a local toilets ' strategy and to involve shops and other businesses in providing `` creative solutions '' to meet local needs .
It recognises the budget constraints to councils and that it has become an issue of access to `` toilets in public '' rather than public toilets - those owned and run by local authorities .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Health minister Mark Drakeford says the 'balancing act ' is right on e-cigarettes
Health Minister Mark Drakeford said they wanted to get the balance right between all the things that would make a big difference to people 's health in the future `` while not wanting to intrude on the legitimate rights people have to run their own lives . ''
They added : `` The Welsh government has a responsibility to create the conditions which enable people to live healthy lives and avoid preventable harm to their health . ''
Attempts to bring in a minimum price for alcohol are still being worked on but will not be included in the bill until the outcome of a European Court of Justice hearing on similar legislation in Scotland .
REACTION
Shadow Conservative health minister Darren Millar AM said they feared some aspects of the bill interfered in individual rights .
`` E-cigarettes are a staging post for many smokers on the road to quitting and moves to restrict them will make it more difficult for smokers to kick the habit , '' they said .
Plaid Cymru health spokesperson Elin Jones said the assembly now needed to `` consider all of the evidence that relates to the effect of e-cigarettes on public health , most of which is newly-emerging '' .
`` E-cigarettes are used widely by people who are trying to give up smoking , so we should be very careful not to halt that trend , '' they said .
Welsh Lib Dems leader Kirsty Williams AM said the e-cigarette ban was completely unjustifiable .
`` The evidence for this decision is wafer thin , '' they said . `` Banning things just for the sake of it is n't a position any government should take . ''
The Royal College of Physicians was disappointed there was no firm action on tackling obesity and physical inactivity `` which has a huge impact on health and chronic illness '' .
Carl Stajduhar and Jared Mang homered and Scottie Graham drove in a career-high five runs for New Mexico in an 18-0 win over Hawaii this afternoon at Les Murakami Stadium .
SHARE
ADVERTISING
Carl Stajduhar and Jared Mang homered and Scottie Graham drove in a career-high five runs for New Mexico in an 18-0 win over Hawaii this afternoon at Les Murakami Stadium .
The 18-run loss was Hawaii 's worst at home as an NCAA member and the most runs UH has given up at home since losing 23-11 to UCLA in 1997 .
UH ( 2-3 ) also tied a program record with 17 walks allowed .
Colton Thompson ( 1-0 ) allowed two hits in six shutout innings with one walk and five strikeouts to earn the win for the Lobos ( 2-1 ) .
Austin Isenhart earned a three-inning save in an 18-run game , striking out four and allowing one hit .
Josh Pigg ( 0-1 ) gave up eight runs — three earned — on seven hits in 3 2/3 innings to take the loss in their first UH start .
Pigg walked five batters and reliever Patrick Martin issued eight free passes in two innings .
Bryce Ah Sam walked four in two innings .
Jacob Sheldon-Collins , Eric Ramirez , Alex Sawelson and Casey Ryan singled for Hawaii 's four hits .
Hawaii had n't lost a game by 18 runs since dropping a 22-1 contest at UC Irvine in April 1974 .
The series finale is Monday night at a special 5:35 p.m. start time .
Will Artificial Super Intelligence Categorizes Humans as Waste ? by Rob Smith
There is no animal in the history of earth that was more wasteful than human 's . We generate everything from long term toxic nuclear waste to vast mounds of toxic garbage to highly polluted oceans and waterways to air full of CO2 and other hazardous chemicals . Most of the waste produced by humans actually has a use and can be converted for other purposes . Instead we view it as worthless and of no value and we throw it away . The same holds true of other animals . We as humans slaughter billions of animals each year for food even though we could get by with far less meat in our diets . And we have not only caused extinctions in animal populations but continue to do so today because the place a low or no value on these species . In some cases we attack animals and insects as rodent or pests and work to eradicate them from our environments . So the question needs to be asked , what would an artificial superintelligence think of us . Initial tests point toward the idea that humans would be considered as either a pest in need of eradication or waste .
Lets time travel into a future we 'll call 2000 AS . This view looks 2000 years after the singularity has been attained where machines become more intelligent than humans . Many , including us , think the singularity will be attained before the year 2050 . So 2000 years post this point it can be reasonably assumed that artificial superintelligence system not only run our world but rule it as well . This also assumes that technology has advanced to the point that the there are a trillion people on the planet , that humans are mining resources from other planets and that wars and crime have been eliminated . Since machines would now do most of the work , built by other machines , and ASI 's making decisions faster and better than any human the question needs to be asked , exactly what is the point of humans ? The reason we eradicate cockroaches and rats from our homes is because we are repulsed by them because we not only see them as a disease carrying threat but we do n't value them . In our intelligence we see these creatures as parasites who devour our food and ruin our environment while providing nothing in return . Therefore we kill them with impunity .
So lets mover to 2000 AS and the ASI 's are hooked into a meeting with other ASI 's and they are sharing their own stories about the 'stupid ' human 's are and how they exist and procreate but really bring very little to the world . The ASI might be right in pointing out that we produce nothing , use resources and believe we are the highest superior 'intelligent ' life form on the planet . What if these ASI suddenly create the concept of self esteem and decide they really do n't like us much . How much of a step would it be until one or more ASI 's formulate a plan to reduce human populations to 'sustainable ' levels . And what if those ASI 's rationalize the program by arguing that we threaten their existence because we carry the capacity to turn them off . If someone suddenly showed up with hundreds of followers and threaten to permanently unplug your life turn , what would you do ? You 'd fight back . Except in this case your opponent is a linked network of computers that think faster than you , react quicker , have all the current knowledge of the universe at their finger tips and control everything around you . What option would you have short of accepting your fate in this matrix style horror utopia .
So what you say ? First you wo n't be around to see it and second there 's nothing you can do . Right ? Wrong ? On the lunatic fringe of artificial intelligence system design are a few crazy people who have the potential to plant the virtual seeds that could protect humans indefinitely . The idea is relatively simple in theory . They need to build empathy . The reason for this is because an ASI already knows why it should or should not do things but has no conscience . Creating a conscience starts by learning right from wrong and although it is relatively easy to code what things are good and bad , humans are very poor at it . So ASI designers need to build instead a method to allow ASIs to learn empathy by creating the pathways to allow a machine to build its own pathway . The idea is that overtime the ASI can rationalize decisions but following some very basic concepts . Sound familiar ? It should , every religion in the world has them with the most famous being the ten commandments . Leave the right ones and the ASI will learn empathy correctly , leave the wrong one and the ASI will fail . Design the correct self learning build path and the ASI will learn empathy correctly , design the wrong pathways and it will fail . Allow the correct level of influence and motivation and it will learn empathy and influence the directionality of the build path incorrectly and it will fail .
If the ASI learns incorrectly then humanity is doomed and will be viewed as a worthless parasite threatening the world . If it learns correctly , the ASI will help us pull the earth back from the brink of extinction and help us move beyond our earth to other planets . The power is in our hands as we are the ones who can plant the seeds correctly . Failure in this case is a very bad option .
Rob Smith is a director of Riskstream and the designer of the foundational IP for Riskstream 's Artificial Super Intelligence cognitive framework and contextual engine .
'
.
The Ford F-150 pickup truck might not be the only thing Mike Babcock drives from Detroit to Toronto .
According to Sportsnet 's Damien Cox , the new head coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs is considering bringing their assistant coaches with them from Detroit — Jim Hiller , Andrew Brewer and Tony Granato .
The 50-year-old Granato spent the 2014-15 season on the Detroit bench assisting Babcock to the club 's 24th consecutive playoff appearance , but Cox reports that Red Wings GM Ken Holland would like to keep Granato in the fold .
When Toronto president Brendan Shanahan fired interim head coach Peter Horachek at the end of the season , they cleared the entire bench , firing assistant coaches Steve Spott , Chris Dennis and Rick St. Croix . ( Steve Staios returned to their duties as manager of player development . )
The Red Wings hired Granato to assist Babcock in last July . They were on a one-year deal .
Prior to joining the Red Wings , the former NHL winger served as an assistant for the Pittsburgh Penguins for five seasons . They were also part of Team USA 's staff at the 2014 Olympics and had been a head coach with the Colorado Avalanche .
Granato played 773 games with the New York Rangers , Los Angeles Kings and San Jose Sharks , racking up 248 goals and 244 assists in 13 seasons from 1988 through 2001 .
( with files from AP )
Sam Simon earned `` tens of millions '' annually off their `` Simpsons '' royalties . Araya Diaz/Getty `` The Simpsons '' cocreator and producer , Sam Simon , died Monday following a battle with colon cancer .
`` After being given three months to live following a cancer diagnosis in 2012 , Simon dedicated their $ 100 million fortune to charitable causes , chiefly the Sam Simon Foundation , which provides service dogs for returning veterans suffering post-traumatic stress disorder and the hearing impaired , '' reports The Wrap .
Simon , who said they earned nearly `` tens of millions '' annually off their `` Simpsons '' royalties , donated their entire fortune to charity before they died .
`` I get pleasure from it . I love it . I do n't feel like it is an obligation , '' Simon told The Hollywood Reporter in July 2013 .
Various charities are the recipients of Simon 's generosity — including a dog-rescue haven in Malibu , PETA , Save the Children , and the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society .
`` I want medical experiments on animals stopped . They do n't do anything , and they do n't work , '' Simon said of donating heavily to animal-rights causes . `` Veganism is an answer for almost every problem facing the world in terms of hunger and climate change . ''
Simon said that while they `` was never that hands-on with any of it [ the charities ] '' they had `` been fortunate to find great people to run things . ''
Not that Simon had much free time . Between doing their own radio show , working on Charlie Sheen 's FX show `` Anger Management , '' and chemotherapy , Simon still kept plenty busy after cocreating `` The Simpsons '' more than 20 years ago alongside cartoonist Matt Groening .
In August , Simon teamed with Fusion on a documentary that chronicled Simon 's fight with their terminal disease and their efforts to save animals from harmful and abusive situations .
Simon has no children and was not married , but their ex-wife , actor Jennifer Tilly , previously told THR , `` He really does have a passion to survive , and the longer he 's on the earth , the more good work they can do . ''
`` The truth is , I have more money than I 'm interested in spending , '' said Simon . `` Everyone in my family is taken care of . And I enjoy this . ''
The Sam Simon Foundation confirmed Simon 's passing on Monday :
Hollywood and the animal-rights community expressed heartbreak over Simon 's death ( via Deadline ) :
`` Simpsons '' executive producer Al Jean : `` He was a genius and a great humanitarian in ways public and private . I personally owe them more than can be repaid , but I will do my best to help every animal I can in their memory . ''
Jennifer Tilly , actor : `` Sam was my best friend for thirty years . They were a brilliant man and a great humanitarian . I miss them terribly . ''
Hank Azaria , actor/producer/comedian ( on Twitter ) : `` Rest in peace and thank you for The Simpsons , Sam Simon . ''
Ari Solomon , Mercy for Animals ' director of communications who cohosted a radio show with Simon : `` To know Sam was to love Sam . They were a true hero and inspiration and their legacy will live on through all of us working towards a kinder , more compassionate world . Words ca n't express how much we 'll miss him . ''
Nathan Runkle , Mercy for Animals president : `` Sam was a heroic humanitarian whose selfless generosity and boundless courage inspired countless people around the world to be kinder to animals-and each other . Their heart was as great as their sense of humor . They never missed an opportunity to speak up for those in need . Sam led by example and showed us all what bravery , kindness , and determination truly were . A more compassionate future draws ever more near because of their legacy of generosity . ''
PETA President Ingrid Newkirk on the passing of PETA Honorary Director Sam Simon : '' I think Sam died with a smile on their face , knowing that elephants were on their way out of the circus , something that , together with the closure of SeaWorld , they dreamt of and talked about all the time . They said the last two years of their life , since their diagnosis , were their happiest , as they used them to help animals who had nothing , and it gave them great joy to see chimpanzees , elephants , and even a `` gay '' bull find freedom from harm because they had worked with PETA to get them all out of hideous circumstances . One day , people will realize that Sam knew what PETA says is right : `` Animals are not ours to eat , wear , experiment on , use for entertainment , or abuse in any other way . '' I hope everyone who knew Sam or hears about their great kindness to veterans , to animals , and to all will do something kind themselves in their honor . It 's a very sad day for us at the Sam Simon Center , PETA 's Norfolk , Virginia , headquarters . ''
Watch PETA 's video tribute to Sam below :
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
SALDI ! ¡Rebajas ! The winter sales have started . And like the increasingly numerous Chinese tourists across Europe , the Chinese state has gone shopping . On their tour of Europe this month , China 's vice-premier , Li Keqiang , announced their country 's plan to buy cheap European government bonds , as Chinese companies purchased shares in European petrochemical ventures , tens of thousands of cars and even a few million euros ' worth of Spanish wine and ham to top off the shopping basket .
This is not just nouveau-riche retail therapy . China is looking for bargains . But some of the things it is seeking to spend its money on are less tangible : goodwill , political support and , perhaps most importantly , the survival of the euro zone . In recent months Chinese leaders have visited not just the big European countries , such as Germany , France and Britain , but also several of the troubled “ peripheral ” states . With every trip to the southern fringe—be it Wen Jiabao , the prime minister , in Greece in October ; President Hu Jintao in Portugal in November ; or Mr Li in Spain this month—the leadership brings the same message : China supports European integration , wants the euro to flourish and will buy bonds to help the most indebted states .
Writing in El País , Mr Li held out the prospect of “ colossal ” business opportunities for Spain : “ If each of the 1,300 million Chinese people consumed a bottle of olive oil or enjoyed a few glasses of wine , all of Spain 's annual production would probably not be sufficient to meet the demand. ” The newspaper reported that Spain had greeted Mr Li as a “ new Mr Marshall ” , an allusion to the American secretary of state who gave their name to the post-war reconstruction programme in Europe . Last October the Italian authorities put up Chinese lanterns and bathed Rome 's Colosseum in communist red light to welcome Mr Wen . It is a sign of how fast China is rising , and how quickly Europe has fallen behind , that European leaders should cling for salvation to a country that , however big , has an economy one-third the size of the European Union 's .
China has good reason to help Europe , its biggest export market and an important source of technology and know-how . Buying European bonds helps to shore up China 's vital market , stop the slide of the euro that would make China 's exports more expensive , protect Chinese euro-denominated assets and diversify Chinese reserves away from dollars . Still , the scale of Chinese bond-buying is unclear ; certainly , it has not been enough to assuage the panic in the markets . Bond yields for Europe 's periphery remain worryingly high despite the bail-outs of Greece and Ireland . Portugal may well be next ( see article ) .
Nor is it obvious that China 's money is helping to buy European sympathy . An attempt by Catherine Ashton , the EU 's foreign-affairs chief , to reopen the debate on lifting the arms embargo imposed on China after the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre seems to have come to nothing . And although Mr Li hailed Spain as China 's “ best friend ” in Europe during their visit , Madrid still sent its ambassador to last month 's Nobel peace prize ceremony in Oslo honouring Liu Xiaobo , a jailed Chinese dissident , as did every other EU country with an ambassador in Norway .
If anything , there has been a marked sharpening of Europe 's tone towards China over economic issues : the value of the yuan , European firms ' access to the Chinese market , restrictions on the export of rare-earth minerals essential to high-tech industries and China 's acquisition of western intellectual property , by fair means or foul . In France spooks have been called in to investigate whether China was behind the espionage that targeted Renault 's electric-car technology . Europe and America are both boosting their cyber-defences in large part because of the vast scale of suspected Chinese electronic snooping .
Even a largely pro-market body like the European Commission , which regards abolishing trade barriers inside Europe as a sacred task , is starting to make protectionist noises about China . Antonio Tajani , the industry commissioner , has called for the EU to vet foreign investments that may “ represent a danger ” . This was prompted by the ( failed ) attempt by a shadowy Chinese company to take over a Dutch maker of fibre-optic cables . The trade commissioner , Karel De Gucht , is preparing possible retaliatory measures against China if it does not open up more of its government contracts to European bidders . One reason for this was Poland 's decision to award a Chinese firm a contract to build a section of a motorway part-funded by the EU .
Whether either of these measures is implemented will depend on the balance of power between free-trading “ northern ” countries and more protectionist “ southern ” states . Opinion is shifting , however . Last September European leaders agreed that relations with China should be based on “ reciprocity ” .
For Europe , the rise of China is exacerbating its own decline . Until recently the economic debate turned on whether Europe could keep up with America ; now it is whether it can stay ahead of China . “ Beyond a certain size , China is disturbing , ” says one Eurocrat . It not only threatens Europe 's low-end manufacturers of shoes and textiles but is quickly moving into making cars , trains and , perhaps soon , planes . Yes , the Chinese love BMWs and Gucci bags . But can Europe survive on high-spec and luxury goods—Switzerland on a continental scale ?
The EU is surely right to demand reciprocity , but it must be the right sort . Starting a tit-for-tat trade war would leave Europe worse off : consumers would pay higher prices , taxpayers would suffer and firms would lose markets . What Europe needs is more open markets and clearer rules . For China , too , these would be a better buy than dodgy bonds .
TACOMA , Wash. -- Large teddy bears are great for cuddling , but not great for , you know , hiding fugitives .
Deputies went to a home on 28th Ave. E in Tacoma Thursday to check for a man wanted on a felony warrant , Pierce County Sheriff 's officials said . As they got to the home , they were told the man was inside , but at first search , the deputies did n't find their suspect .
What they did spy was a 6-foot teddy bear in the corner of a bedroom -- - and eventually found their suspect hiding behind the bear , deputies said . After the man refused to come out , the deputies went in and forcefully arrested their suspect .
A search of the bedroom found numerous used syringes , a bag of prescription pills and heroin , deputies said . A loaded gun was also found in the man 's jacket . Deputies said the gun was determined to have been stolen during a car prowl at a Puyallup repair shop in December .
The 32-year-old man has since been booked into the Pierce County Jail for investigation of a number of offenses in addition to their felony warrant , including unlawful possession of a firearm , possessing stolen property , drug violations and resisting arrest , deputies said .
( Washington D.C. , August 12 , 2011 ) Leadership at the American Humanist Association celebrated yesterday after a federal judge ruled in favor of the United Coalition of Reason ( UnitedCoR ) , who had been denied advertising space for an ad reading , “ Are you good without God ? Millions are. ” The Appignani Humanist Legal Center filed a lawsuit on behalf UnitedCoR in response to the Central Arkansas Transit Authority 's refusal to lease advertising space on its buses on account of the proposed ad 's atheist and humanist content , violating the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment .
“ This is a victory for secular Americans everywhere , and proof that we will not be silenced , ” said David Niose , president of the American Humanist Association . “ Humanists and atheists will indeed convey their message through the mass media , and they will fight through the courts if any discriminatory institutions try to stop them . ”
“ The judge agreed that the transit authority likely would be found at trial to have violated the UnitedCoR 's First Amendment right to free speech by discriminating against its atheist and humanist viewpoint , and therefore agreed to issue an injunction requiring the authority to contract with UnitedCoR on the same basis as any other advertiser , ” said Bill Burgess , attorney and legal coordinator of the American Humanist Association 's legal arm , the Appignani Humanist Legal Center . “ This is an important victory not only for the free speech rights of nontheists but for any American whose speech in a public forum may encounter government disapproval . ”
The decision is a testament to the movement 's growing strength . In 2005 , the American Humanist Association launched the first major secular advertising campaign , and the idea quickly caught on across the country as well as abroad . Similarly , the secular community had to rely on outside nonprofit groups for legal representation when humanist rights were violated , until the formation of the Appignani Humanist Legal Center in 2006 , allowing humanists to spearhead efforts in federal court to protect the rights of nontheist Americans to advertise in Little Rock .
“ Just a few years ago America had never seen a major secular advertising campaign or a humanist group capable of defending the rights of humanists in the courts , ” continued Niose . “ In this case we see both , and it shows how far the movement has come in such a short time . ”
The Appignani Humanist Legal Center , a project of the American Humanist Association , provides legal assistance to defend the constitutional rights of secular Americans by challenging violations of the separation of church and state guaranteed by the Establishment Clause and seeking equal rights for humanists , atheists and other freethinkers .
The American Humanist Association ( www.americanhumanist.org ) advocates for the rights and viewpoints of humanists . Founded in 1941 and headquartered in Washington , D.C. , its work is extended through more than 100 local chapters and affiliates across America .
Humanism is the idea that you can be good without a belief in God .
# #
For more information , please contact : Sarah Ameigh
Policy and Communications Assistant
sameigh @ americanhumanist.org
202-238-9088
As the Netherlands gears up for general elections , now two months away , a new political party aims to fight back against the rising tide of Geert Wilders ' right-wing populism .
Despite receiving a barrage of hate mail and threats , TV-presenter-turned-politician Sylvana Simons will enter the poll on March 15 as leader of Artikel 1 .
In a country that prides itself on its supposed inclusiveness , Simons has raised the ire of many on the right by focusing their programme on eradicating institutional racism .
Utilising their TV fame , Simons has become one of the most prominent faces of a counter-movement to blunt a xenophobic surge in the Netherlands .
You ca n't be black , female , politically involved and try to shape the society you live in without angering some people . Sylvana Simons
But their new career as a politician came at a price , as they were put under police protection after threatening messages and memes started appearing online .
In one attack , their face was superimposed on an image of a lynched slave and widely circulated on the internet . In another , they were the butt of popular racist song that called on them to `` pack their bags '' and leave the Netherlands .
The Dutch government has addressed some grievances seen as discriminatory by Dutch citizens of foreign origin . Last year , it banned the word `` allochtoon '' , used to describe immigrants .
Additionally , elements of a children 's Christmas festival featuring a character known as `` Black Pete '' have been altered to prevent causing offence to the black Dutch community . But Artikel 1 says this does not go far enough .
READ MORE : Far-right MP Geert Wilders found guilty of hate speech
A total of 25 parties will be competing in the Dutch parliamentary elections . Wilders ' Freedom Party is leading in the polls by a large margin but none of the parties are expected to secure an outright majority .
Al Jazeera spoke to Simons as they campaigned for a seat to raise the concerns of the most marginalised groups in Dutch society .
What made you decide to enter politics after a television career ?
There was a moment in a popular Dutch show when a guest made a racist remark and I called them out over it . Viewers started sending in comments such as `` go back to your country '' . It made me realise racism is accepted in the Netherlands ; it 's OK to be racist .
I realised that people have n't been taught about their colonial history and how certain groups of people have come to live in the Netherlands .
But I was encouraged that many people also wrote me , saying I had made it easier for them to speak out against racism . So the next logical step was to enter politics since I have a platform to address change .
What does Artikel 1 represent and who is it appealing to ?
Our party 's name is based on the first article of the Dutch constitution which aims to protect civilians from the government . It 's a moral compass to our society to ensure we do n't exclude anybody . But in practice , it 's clear it is n't working . Some communities are under pressure and there is n't justice and equality for everyone .
How is Artikel 1 different from other Dutch political parties ?
Artikel 1 is not founded by politicians . I am an ordinary Dutch woman .
We are the only party standing up to Geert Wilders . All of the other parties are part of the establishment . They 've existed for years and have given in to xenophobic sentiment . They have cuddled up to the right out of fear of losing voters and stood by as things got worse .
You 've met heavy resistance , including racist and sexist threats and insults . Do you think this is indicative of the Netherlands ?
When you 've gained wealth through slavery and colonialism , you will build courts , police and judiciary based on that system . Sylvana Simons
Racism , sexism and Islamophobia are widespread , not just in the Netherlands but in most parts of Western Europe . I was tolerated when I was an entertainer . But you ca n't be black , female , politically involved and try to shape the society you live in without angering some people .
When I started speaking out one of the first comments was that I did n't `` know my place '' . I 've known my place my whole life ! If you are not white , heterosexual and male , this country suggests you have to be treated differently .
Is the Netherlands institutionally racist ?
Western European countries are institutionally racist . It 's natural .
When you 've gained wealth through slavery and colonialism , you will build courts , police and judiciary based on that system . The problem is when you say such things out loud it sounds as if everyone is being racist on purpose all the time . That 's not true , but the way the society is shaped is racist and divisive .
For example , women are paid less than men for doing the same job , Muslims and non-Muslims are treated differently in courts . Children from ethnic backgrounds and lower social economic backgrounds are being underscored and excluded from making progress in elite fields .
Artikel 1 wants to make people aware of these inequalities and hold government to serving them .
What can you contribute to building a more diverse Netherlands ?
We want to represent all of Dutch society and our list of candidates alone shows we are truly reflecting the Netherlands . We have equal numbers of men and women . We have gay , lesbian , and transgender candidates . We are normalising what is already normal in society .
We are a new and unconventional voice in society . We are emancipating people and politics .
By
Besides the weather , once of the most talked about elements related to the upcoming Kings-Ducks game at Dodger Stadium surrounds the jerseys each team will be wearing . For the last few months , we 've been tweeting out information as it was confirmed to us by multiple sources . Back in September came word that the Kings would n't be using any purple in their jersey – dashing the hopes of those wishing they 'd wear their 1967 Forum Blue and Gold sweaters . Around the same time , it became apparent the Ducks would be using orange as their primary color .
Things became a little squirrely from there , but eventually the NHL announced each team participating in the Stadium Series would be using a crest from their new ‘ chrome logo ' collection .
Although the official unveiling of the Kings and Ducks jerseys wo n't take place until next Tuesday , with the help of artist Justin Cox , here 's the latest thinking , using all known information…
There has also been some discussion about how the teams may use a new shoulder patch , as well…
And here 's what that may look like when added to the jerseys…
As mentioned above , the final jerseys will be announced this coming Tuesday .
Until then , here are two other bits of related information :
– For those who enjoy the Kings ' vintage purple/gold , that will continue to be used next season for the Legends Nights . Additionally , that sweater is expected to eventually become the team 's full-time third jersey .
– If you do n't plan on attending the game at Dodger Stadium , you will have one more opportunity to see the Kings play in their Stadium Series jersey live . As we reported back in September , team officials have confirmed they 'll wear it for a game at Staples Center in the second half of the season . The exact game date is still TBD . April 12th .
[ UPDATE – Tuesday , December 3 , 2013 ]
Here are the official jerseys…
Stadium Series jersey video via KingsVision…
RELATED CONTENT :
Doughty and Penner bring the jokes to outdoor game presser
Luc Robitaille – ‘ I believe in LA '
A Kings still planning an outdoor game vs Anaheim Ducks
Follow @ mayorNHL
Note to webmasters/reporters : When recapping news or interviews from this site please include a link to www.MayorsManor.com
Ryan Getzlaf photo courtesy of Debora Robinson/Anaheim Ducks
“ The subject officer did not participate in an SIU interview and declined to provide a copy of their duty notes , as is their legal right. ” — SIU news release announcing that no charges would be laid in the 2014 police shooting death of Jermaine Carby .
Howard Morton , SIU 's second permanent director , says the Charter-protected right to silence adopted by the province in the late 1990s should not apply to police officers being investigated by the SIU . ( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star )
Police officers are not required to participate in a Special Investigations Unit probe when they seriously injure or kill an individual . It 's a fact enshrined in legislation , but two former SIU directors have polar opposite views on the topic . The “ subject officer ” — the officer identified as having killed or caused serious injury — should be obligated to participate in an investigation and turn over their notes , said Howard Morton , the SIU 's second permanent director , who served from 1992 to 1995 .
Article Continued Below
“ I took the position that the officers had to speak to the SIU… . They 're different from you and me , ” they said . “ We have the right to remain silent when being investigated by the police , but they should have to give an account because of their position. ” The decision to participate does not necessarily mean that the officer will be charged . For example , the Toronto police officer who shot and killed Andrew Loku in an apartment building hallway last year was interviewed and provided their notes , but was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing . Morton said they believe the right against self-incrimination in Section 13 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms should n't apply to police officers when being investigated by the SIU . They said it could be argued in court that officers should be exempt under Section 1 , which guarantees the Charter 's rights and freedoms “ only to such reasonable limits prescribed by law as can be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society. ” Initially officers “ did n't put up much of a fight ” when Morton had them come in for an interview , they said . But their lawyers eventually began making the argument that their clients had a Charter-protected right to silence .
A regulation adopted by the province in the late 1990s , after Morton 's tenure , clearly outlined that subject officers did not have to participate . “ I think that part of the regulation is really a mistake , ” they said .
Article Continued Below
“ They are a public official and somebody is dead … I think that the public is entitled to know exactly what happened , and so how can you have accountability if you do n't know what the officer was thinking , why the officer did what they did ? ”
Former SIU director Ian Scott , says the current legislation is `` reasonable '' when it comes to police officers being investigated . ( Colin McConnell )
Former SIU director Ian Scott , in office from 2008 to 2013 , believes the Charter does include police officers under SIU investigation . “ If you compel a subject officer to turn over their notes and give a statement , in my view it 's very likely a court would find them inadmissible because they were compelled by an investigator in a criminal investigation , ” they said . “ I think ( the current regulation ) is reasonable because it 's in accordance with the law , as I understand it , and I do n't think police officers should be in a worse position than civilians in investigations in criminal matters. ” Scott acknowledged it can sometimes be an obstacle to the investigation when a subject officer does not come in for an interview , adding they were more likely to charge an officer who did not participate . “ My view would be : ‘ Explain it to the judge , ' ” they said . Officers who witnessed the incident under investigation must submit to an interview and provide their notes , according to legislation . While the subject officer does not have to participate in the SIU probe , they or they can be compelled for an interview and to hand over their notes for the chief of police 's internal investigation , which must take place following the completion of the SIU director 's report . Those internal investigations can lead to the subject officer facing disciplinary charges . But most police services boards keep those internal reports secret , even though legislation allows the boards to make them public .
Read more about :
OUTRAGEOUS – Illegal Alien Awarded $ 190,000 After Suing San Francisco Over Sanctuary City Law Violation
An illegal alien from El Salvador sued San Francisco after police turned them over to immigration authorities in violation of the city 's sanctuary law is set to be awarded $ 190,000 , Fox News reports .
Not only are these leeches raping and murdering American citizens , they are suing and winning large settlements because of Democrat policies . The Democrat politicians should be forced to pay and or prosecuted for allowing this type insanity to run rampant in their cities .
Via Fox News :
Pedro Figueroa-Zarceno , 33 , reached the settlement agreement with the city attorney 's office , said Saira Hussain , a staff attorney at the Asian Law Caucus who represented Zarceno . The agreement must be approved by the Board of Supervisors . “ It 's really important for San Francisco to remain a sanctuary city not in name only but also in practice , ” Hussain told The San Francisco Examiner . “ Our hope is that the department is going to look into this further and really examine the way that the department can do more. ” Figueroa-Zarceno sued San Francisco in January for violating its sanctuary city law . The construction worker said they went to police in December 2015 after getting a call from authorities that their stolen car had been found . Instead of helping him , they said , officers detained them and called immigration authorities . They were taken into custody by federal authorities outside the police station and was in jail for two months . They have been fighting their deportation since their release . “ What happened to me was very unfair and it was an injustice , ” Figueroa-Zerceno said . “ I went into the police station to seek help and they did n't tell me what was happening and they arrested me and treated me badly. ” City law prohibits law enforcement officers from cooperating with federal immigration officials except when violent criminals are involved .
Had enough yet , America ? Illegal aliens do not have the full Constitutional rights that American citizens have . This leech should be deported and permanently banned from ever entering the United States . Every dollar lost , every citizen murdered and raped lays directly on the Democrats as they have allowed illegals to rape and pillage this country .
San Francisco to pay $ 190G to undocumented immigrant over sanctuary law violation , lawyer says https : //t.co/SCGKS2mejc pic.twitter.com/lJ4ujBUXae — FOX Business ( @ FoxBusiness ) June 30 , 2017
I have commented with some frequency in my GTN Alert videos about the theme across servers that MK-10 Augment Components are more expensive than MK-10 Augment Kits since you need 10 of the former to craft the latter . The normal equilibrium on both The Harbinger and Jedi Covenant occurs with MK-10 Component prices higher than 10 % of MK-10 Kit prices . A recent exchange that I had on Twitter with @ hadrian9 highlighted the reason for this equilibrium so well that I want to mention it here as well .
The vast majority of the time and cost necessary to craft MK-10 Augment Kits has always been in the crafting and reverse engineering of items to obtain the 10 MK-10 Augment Components needed in the schematic . In that light , it is not surprising that the kit prices would not be a profit margin boost for sellers compared to the components themselves because it is relatively easy to craft the kits once you have the components . The most obvious explanation of the price dislocation observed on the GTN is that the two markets are actually unrelated on the GTN , by which I mean that no one is buying components at equilibrium to craft kits and sell them at equilibrium , but that does not mean that there is no meaning to the price inefficiency in these items .
The initial Twitter question was for the unit cost of MK-10 Augment Kits if all of the green materials are farmed from scavenging nodes on Rishi & Yavin 4 . In this case , the materials were being used to craft 168 rating earpieces to reverse engineer for the MK-10 Augment Components . The Vanadium Flux was being purchased from the crafting materials vendor at a cost of 800 credits per unit . The reverse engineering process provides one Vanadium Flux back in addition to the MK-10 Augment Component , so the net unit cost per component is only the 800 credits paid for the lone Vanadium Flux expended in the process .
The schematic for MK-10 Augment Kits requires 10 MK-10 Augment Components , green materials that are being obtained at no cost from scavenging nodes in this example , and 2 blue materials that can always be bought on the GTN at or near the vendor sale price of 165 credits , so I conservatively use 200 credits as the blue material unit cost here . The sum of the input costs gives each MK-10 Augment Kit a unit cost of exactly 10,000 credits .
* Median Low Price for February 2015 through posting date .
Obtaining the Vanadium Flux through running its crew skill mission reduces its unit cost to 210 credits from 800 credits , which would reduce the unit cost of the MK-10 Augment Components by the same amounts and the unit cost of the MK-10 Augment Kits to 2,920 credits from 10,000 credits , as below :
* Median Low Price for February 2015 through posting date .
In summary , you can currently make significant profit margins by obtaining your own Vanadium Flux through crew skill missions , but you still can make very good money even if you buy the Vanadium Flux from the crew skill vendor at a unit cost of 800 credits . In both scenarios , it is not worth the time investment to craft MK-10 Augment Kits for sale on the GTN because your profits will be 20 % to 25 % higher selling the MK-10 Augment Components without the small additional cost of the blue materials and the time spent crafting the final product . Until the misalignment of these prices is corrected by sellers , you are literally giving away money by crafting the MK-10 Augment Kits for sale instead of farming the MK-10 Augment Components for sale .
If you are gathering your green materials at no cost from scavenging nodes on planets and building your supply of Vanadium Flux via the crew skill missions rather than the vendor , MK-10 Augment Components are some of the most lucrative items I 've encountered on the GTN currently as a multiple of price . The market price equilibrium seems to indicate that many of the items listed for sale are crafted using the higher cost point for Vanadium Flux though , because under that scenario the price multiple is more aligned to other GTN items in my data . Hopefully you found this information helpful , happy crafting !
* Note : As pointed out by reddit comments , the above values do not account for the critical chance when crafting the MK-10 Augment Kits . The base critical chance is 10 % because MK-10 Augment Kits are a hard/orange difficulty craft and I always assume maximum companion affection , which adds 5 % . This means that the component to kit ratio is not 10:1 but 10:1.15 and that changes the two tables presented as follows , with changes highlighted in yellow :
The profit gap certainly narrows , but the critical chance does not completely remove the market inefficiency since the kit requires additional time and introduces the variability of the critical results into short-term profits .
* Note ( 2 ) : I am adding the table that assumes the legacy perk +3 bonuses to crafting critical chance in addition to the 15 % above for base and affection .
* Note ( 3 ) : Why not take it the whole way and also show the chart using the optimal 23 % critical chance adding a companion with +5 crafting skill critical chance bonuses on top of the others above :
– Andrew | SWTOR Economics
Advertisements
Jeff Summers has a collection of around 1,500 tiki mugs .
Their most recent addition is from Vancouver 's Shameful Tiki Room — thanks to a little help from some Canadian strangers .
Summers lives in Tucson , Ariz . They started collecting tiki mugs on family vacations as a teen , but says they `` got serious '' about 10 years ago .
Earlier this month , the collector heard that the tiki-themed bar on Main Street was selling one-of-a-kind mugs in honour of its fourth anniversary . Summers wanted one , but was n't able to make the trip north and the bar was only selling the mugs in-house .
The Shameful Tiki Room on Main Street in Vancouver sold these limited-edition mugs in honour of the bar 's fourth anniversary . ( The Shameful Tiki Room/Facebook )
Enter Reddit .
Summers reached out to Vancouverites through the online forum , saying he 'd wire someone money if they went and bought a mug on their behalf and shipped it south .
Within a few hours , dozens of people had offered to help .
`` They totally pulled through , '' Summers said . `` People were like , 'We really got ta help this guy get their mug . '
`` It was awesome . ''
Some replies were from people stepping up to make the purchase , but most were from people gawking at the size of Summers ' collection .
`` I literally just gasped out loud , '' one comment read . Summers said that 's the most common reaction to their collection .
`` It 's more than anybody should ever have . ''
Jeff Summers says they got serious about collecting tiki mugs about 10 years ago . ( Jeff Summers )
The collector said the tiki-mug community is a big one . Summers has gone to conventions , participated in forums and made some money trading their mugs with people from all over the globe .
Their most expensive mug cost them $ 500 .
`` It 's a neat community . [ At conventions , ] it 's a good spirit . Everyone has similar interests and is really friendly . People just walk around drinking out of their tiki mugs , '' Summers said .
`` I 've met amazing people from all over the world , just from having this unique obsession . ''
Summers said they had total faith in the Canadians that helped them out .
`` I 've never met one I did n't like , ''
Employees were instructed to mix items among the racks
Employees at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls instructed to remove Ivanka Trump signs from racks
Employees at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores were instructed to throw away all signs indicating Ivanka Trump 's clothing line . `` Effective immediately , please remove all Ivanka Trump merchandise from features and mix into `` a letter obtained by the New York Times read . `` All Ivanka Trump signs should be discarded . '' Doreen Thompson , a spokesperson for the TJX Companies , the retailers ' parent company , said the instruction was n't to remove the items from the sale floor but rather `` eliminate special displays for the merchandise . '' Though Thompson did not directly respond to questions regarding reasons for the sign removal , an employee told The New York Times that they had never received a request as such in their several years working there . The news comes on the coattails of Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus ' announcements that they will no longer be carrying Trump 's clothing and jewelry line , citing brand performance . President Trump hit back at Nordstrom on Wednesday tweeting , `` My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @ Nordstrom . They are a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing ! Terrible ! ''
Employees at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores were instructed to throw away all signs indicating Ivanka Trump 's clothing line .
`` Effective immediately , please remove all Ivanka Trump merchandise from features and mix into [ the racks , ] '' a letter obtained by the New York Times read . `` All Ivanka Trump signs should be discarded . ''
Advertisement
Doreen Thompson , a spokesperson for the TJX Companies , the retailers ' parent company , said the instruction was n't to remove the items from the sale floor but rather `` eliminate special displays for the merchandise . ''
Though Thompson did not directly respond to questions regarding reasons for the sign removal , an employee told The New York Times that they had never received a request as such in their several years working there .
The news comes on the coattails of Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus ' announcements that they will no longer be carrying Trump 's clothing and jewelry line , citing brand performance .
President Trump hit back at Nordstrom on Wednesday tweeting , `` My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @ Nordstrom . They are a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing ! Terrible ! ''
AlertMe
Hello !
This is Side A of a one shot game of Legend of the Elements by Max Hervieux . The game is an Apocalypse World hack and is inspired by the Wuxia genre . This genre is characterized by protagonists who are typically warriors or scholars possessed of mystical powers and usually some romantic notions of the idealized person thrown in for dramatic reasons . Specifically this game is inspired by Avatar : The Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra . The characters are in possession of the ability to shape the elements and there are feelings ( some good and some bad ) between the different “ clans ” of elemental controllers .
Kaetlyn and Alex allowed me to MC this game for them . It was the first time for all of us playing Legend of the Elements . We had a few rules slip-ups during play and it was Alex 's first time playing a game Powered by the Apocalypse ever . They took to it really well and we all had a lot of fun with the Apocalypse World play style .
You may notice that this is “ Side A ” of our recording . This episode contains our initial rules discussion , character creation , and world building . The adventure lies on Side B . You 'll have to flip the cassette over to hear it next week . 😉
The reason for the split up episode ? Well , the recording is over five hours long if we aired it in one go . I 'm all about listening to lots of podcast all in one sitting , but five hours in one broadcast sure is a lot . So we 're breaking it up into slightly more bite sized pieces for you to digest . Odds are very good that if we end up with recordings that go longer than four hours in the future we 'll break those up to . I 'll try to find a good place to break the episodes at roughly the halfway mark wherever possible .
I hope that you enjoy the show ! Thank you for listening . Remember to always have fun !
-Colin and the Wednesday Night Game Group
Advertisements
Swimming pools have become a standard fixture in basements for the the uber-wealthy . Orbital Basements It 's no secret that London 's property market is out of control : The city 's super-wealthy are splashing their cash on levels of luxury most of us can only dream of — including £30 million bomb-proof townhouses and ultra-modern mansions on billionaires row .
But with land a scarce commodity and restrictions limiting how high you can build , what do the über wealthy do when they run out of room ?
They build downwards .
Luxury basements have riled the city 's property market for years now . Developers are attaching millions of pounds worth of extra value onto already pricey property by creating underground lairs with swimming pools , cinemas , saunas , and wine cellars .
While a single basement level is enough for some , others have multi-level basements that stretch as far as five floors underground . These `` iceberg basements '' are so-called because such large portions of the house sit underground .
We decided to take a look inside some luxury bunkers to see what all the fuss is about . All the plans we 've included in this article have either been approved or are pending approval for construction from London councils .
The United States government has told a Virginia judge that a long list of American connections makes Megaupload subject to US criminal law . The Friday court filing was a response to the company 's argument that its lack of a US mailing address makes it immune to criminal prosecution in the United States .
Megaupload points to federal law requiring that notice of a corporate indictment be served on an officer of the corporation and sent to the corporation 's last known US address . It has argued that since it does n't have a US address , it can not be indicted .
But Megaupload should n't be allowed to escape US jurisdiction on a technicality , the feds said in a Friday court filing . And while the locker site has never maintained an office in the US , it has extensive American connections .
Most obviously , the firm has hundreds of servers in the United States . It makes use of American financial services companies such as PayPal . It has numerous American customers .
And Megaupload has availed itself of the US legal system . Last year , the firm sued Universal Music Group in US courts for attempting to take down a Megaupload video from YouTube . And the site 's terms of service stipulated that they would be `` governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California . ''
`` It appears that Defendant Megaupload , for its own convenience , would subject itself and its users to the jurisdiction of courts in the United States , even as the company now argues that it can not be brought before a federal court to face criminal charges , '' the government writes .
And even if the company is not currently subject to US jurisdiction , the government argues , there 's no time limit for serving papers on Megaupload . Therefore , it argues , the courts can put the case against Megaupload on hold until Kim Dotcom is extradited to the United States . Then , the government can personally serve papers on Dotcom as a representative of Megaupload .
Judge Liam O'Grady will consider Megaupload 's arguments for dismissal , and the government 's counter-argument , at a hearing in Alexandria , VA , on July 27 .
Single Choke Point Problems : Apple Removes NY Times App From Chinese App Store After Chinese Gov't Complains
from the censorship-made-easy dept
Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the app store in China on Dec. 23 . Apps from other international publications , including The Financial Times and The Wall Street Journal , were still available in the app store .
“ We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations , ” Fred Sainz , an Apple spokesperson , said of the Times apps . “ As a result , the app must be taken down off the China App Store . When this situation changes , the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China . ”
One of the wonders of the internet was that it was supposed to be acomputer system , meaning that it would be harder to take down and harder to censor . But , over time , things keep getting more and more centralized . And that 's especially true in the mobile ecosystem , and doubly so for the Apple iOS mobile ecosystem ( at least on Android it 's much easier to sideload apps ) . The latest demonstration of this is that Apple agreed to remove apps from the NY Times from its iOS app store in China , complying with demands from the Chinese government : The article about this -- in the NY Times , naturally -- says that the paper has asked Apple to reconsider . No one is clear on exactly why this is happening , but the ( reasonable ) assumption is that it has to do with the new regulations China put in place over the summer that demand all internet news providers must be approved by the Chinese government -- which the Chinese are spinning as part of its effort to crack down on `` fake news . `` Of course , this really just highlights two separate , but equally worrisome trends : ( 1 ) the increasing centralization of connected ecosystems , that creates a single chokepoint to target with censorship demands ; and ( 2 ) the ability to use hyped up claims about `` fake news '' to censor legitimate and critical investigative reporting . Neither of these are good to see , and both need to be counteracted .
Filed Under : app store , censorship , china , news
Companies : apple , ny times
Description
Voiceover , Dialog , Spoken Text , Script , or Lyrics
Written Text
`` Boys And Their Toys | Season 1 | APB '' A billionaire has just taken over Chicago 's 13th district . Do n't miss the the series premiere of APB on Fox . Police work is n't rocket science . It 's harder . Inspired by true events , APB is a new police drama with a high-tech twist from executive producer/director Len Wiseman ( LUCIFER , “ Underworld ” ) and executive producer/writer Matt Nix ( “ Burn Notice ” ) . Sky-high crime , officer-involved shootings , cover-ups and corruption : the over-extended and under-funded Chicago Police Department is spiraling out of control . Enter billionaire engineer GIDEON REEVES ( Emmy Award and Golden Globe nominee Justin Kirk , “ Tyrant , ” “ Weeds ” ) . After their best friend is murdered in a botched attempted robbery , and the killer remains at large , Gideon demands justice . Putting up millions of dollars of their own money , they make an unprecedented deal to take over the troubled 13th District – and reboot it as a private police force : better , faster and smarter than anything seen before . With cutting-edge technology created by Gideon himself , this eccentric yet brilliant outsider challenges the city 's police force to rethink everything about the way they fight crime . But the near-overnight transition to the city 's most advanced police district does n't sit well with all of its members . Gideon knows if he 's going to change anything , they need an ally , whom they find in OFFICER THERESA MURPHY ( Natalie Martinez , “ Kingdom , ” “ Under the Dome ” ) , an ambitious , street-smart cop who is ready to embrace Gideon 's technological changes . With the help of Gideon 's gifted tech officer , ADA HAMILTON ( Caitlin Stasey “ Reign ” ) , they and Murphy embark on a mission to turn the 13th District – including a skeptical SGT . NED CONRAD ( Ernie Hudson , “ Grace and Frankie , ” “ Ghostbusters ” ) , and determined OFFICERS NICHOLAS BRANDT ( Taylor Handley “ Vegas , ” “ Southland ” ) and TASHA GOSS ( Tamberla Perry “ Boss ” ) – into a dedicated crime-fighting force of the 21st century.I am a billionaire . Give me the 13th district to run and I will upgrade it to the best technology money can buy.You guys are my partners . We 're gon na change the world.Feel that ? That 's the ground.Whoa.Should n't I at least get a badge though ? You 're not a cop . ( Lyrics ) Hello little boys , little toysWe 're gon na ride the race carsWe 're gon na dance on firePolice Station - Chicago Police Department District 13Series Premier APBTomorrow 9/8cFoxReevesThe future of crime-fighting
The attacks came just after the results of the region 's parliamentary elections were announced , but much of the speculation surrounding the motivation for the attack centered on Syria , where Kurdish militias , some of them supported and trained by the security forces in Iraqi Kurdistan , have been fighting against jihadist groups linked to Al Qaeda . No group immediately claimed responsibility for the bombings .
“ We all know that Kurdistan is part of an unstable region , and security breaches sometimes happen even in developed countries , and I think that what is happening in Syria has something to do with today 's explosions , ” said Shwan Taha , a Kurdish member of Iraq 's Parliament in Baghdad .
In a statement , the United Nations office in Baghdad expressed shock at the “ daring attack . ”
“ For many years , the city of Erbil has benefited from peace and security , and I urge the regional and national authorities to work together to ensure that calm and tranquillity will continue to prevail and that those responsible for the attack are brought to justice , ” Nikolay Mladenov , the United Nations representative to Iraq , said in the statement .
The self-governing Iraqi Kurdish region has been a haven of relative security and prosperity compared with the rest of the country , and it has attracted substantial foreign investment , including from foreign oil companies eager to develop the region 's vast oil reserves . During the years that American troops were fighting in Iraq , not a single American soldier was killed in combat in Iraqi Kurdistan . But the attacks on Sunday demonstrated that no place in Iraq was truly safe , as the war in Syria increasingly spills over its borders and as Iraq 's own Sunni insurgent groups accelerate their attacks .
Iraq 's Qaeda affiliate has gained strength across the country , but particularly in the northern city of Mosul , not far from the border with Iraqi Kurdistan , leading to speculation that groups there could have been behind the bombings .
REXBURG , Idaho - The five-bedroom house sits on pastoral acreage in the rural Idaho countryside . At a price less than $ 180,000 , it seemed a steal .
But a bargain it was n't . Ben and Amber Sessions soon realized the dream home they 'd purchased for their growing family in 2009 was infested with hundreds upon hundreds of garter snakes .
The ground surrounding the home appeared to move at times , it was so thick with snakes .
Throngs of snakes crawled beneath the home 's siding . At night , the young couple said they would lie awake and listen to slithering inside the walls .
`` It was like living in one of those horror movies , '' said Ben Sessions , 31 .
The family would frequently eat out because their well water carried the foul smelling musk that the snakes release as a warning to predators .
Each day , before their pregnant wife and two small boys got out of bed , Sessions said they would do a `` morning sweep '' through the house to make sure none of the snakes had made it inside . That did n't always work . One day , they heard their wife scream from the laundry room , where they had almost stepped on a snake . They rushed into the room to find that she 'd jumped onto a counter .
`` I was terrified they were going to miscarry , '' they said .
They invited family as witnesses and snapped pictures .
At the height of the infestation , Sessions said they killed 42 snakes in one day before they decided they could n't do it anymore . They had waged war against the snakes and `` they won . ''
They and their wife had little recourse , though , when they decided to flee the home .
They had signed a document that noted the snake infestation . They said they had been assured by their real estate agent that the snakes were been just a story invented by the previous owners to leave their mortgage behind .
But the so-called Idaho snake house was no myth , according to the Sessionses , their neighbors , and the videos and photographs taken by them and past residents of the house . The couple said it seemed like almost everyone else in this tiny southeastern Idaho college town knew about it .
`` I felt bad , '' said Dustin Chambers , a neighbor . `` By the time we knew someone had bought it , they were already moving in . It was too late . ''
All of Rexburg , Chambers said , pretty much knows the property as the `` snake house . ''
The Sessionses filed for bankruptcy . The house was foreclosed . They left in December 2009 , the day after their daughter was born and just three months after moving in .
`` We 're not going to pay for house full of snakes , '' Ben Sessions said .
Their wife , Amber , 27 , said they felt like their family was starting to fall apart .
`` It was just so stressful , '' they said . `` It felt like we were living in Satan 's lair , that 's the only way to really explain it . ''
Several months ago , the house briefly went back on the market .
Now owned by JP Morgan Chase , it was listed at $ 114,900 in December 2010 , according to Zillow.com , a real estate data firm . The price was reduced to $ 109,200 in early January , which was more than $ 60,000 below its estimated value . Then , Discovery Channel 's Animal Planet featured the Sessionses ' story in its `` Infested '' series .
The listing was removed and the home has stayed off the market while Chase decides what to do with it .
A Rexburg real estate company that was hired to sell the house referred all questions to a Chase spokesperson in Seattle .
Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot did not return repeated phone calls from The Associated Press . But they did tell a business columnist for Dow Jones Newswires that the bank had contracted to have the snakes at the home trapped and released elsewhere .
Ben Sessions said that they have been diagnosed with snake-related post-traumatic stress disorder and that the house should be condemned .
`` It 's not right to continue to sell this home , '' Sessions said . They and their wife said they still have nightmares and have n't recovered financially .
The home was most likely built on a winter snake sanctuary , likely a snake den or hibernaculum , where snakes gather in large numbers to hibernate for the winter , said Rob Cavallaro , a wildlife biologist with the Idaho Department of Fish and Game .
In the spring and summer the snakes fan out across the wilds of southeastern Idaho , but as the days get shorter and cooler , the snakes return to the den in order to ball up for heat and to be accessible to each other for spring breeding .
Cavallaro has heard only of one other eastern Idaho home that was likely located on a snake den . There was also a bridge-widening project where workers ran into a hibernaculum , they said .
`` It is an important site for the snakes , '' Cavallaro said . `` Every now and then we build on them and it becomes a conflict . ''
Neal and Denise Ard previously lived in the home , and in 2006 they invited the local news station to come and film the buckets of snakes they had collected on the property . The video , which has 2.4 million views on YouTube , was taken before the Ards abandoned the home .
In March 2007 , the Ards sued the couple who had sold them the home for $ 189,900 and the real estate agent who negotiated the sale , according to court documents . The complaint was dismissed a year later .
There have been some people who have looked at the house since the Sessionses moved out , neighbor Chambers said . One day , when a real estate agent was showing the property , a farmer who lives down the road stopped by to warn them , they said .
`` Now , if anybody sees anybody , they kind of will let them know , '' Chambers said . `` Just so that somebody else does n't get caught in the same trap . ''
After having typically appeared in the entirely venerable pages of Baseball Think Factory , Dan Szymborski 's ZiPS projections were released at FanGraphs last year . The exercise continues this offseason . Below are the projections for the Kansas City Royals . Szymborski can be found at ESPN and on Twitter at @ DSzymborski .
Other Projections : Arizona / Atlanta / Baltimore / Boston / Chicago AL / Cincinnati / Cleveland / Colorado / Detroit / Los Angeles NL / Miami / Milwaukee / Minnesota / New York AL / New York NL / Philadelphia / Pittsburgh / San Diego / Seattle / St. Louis / Tampa Bay .
Batters
To the extent that any team lacking the nine best field players in the major leagues can be upgraded , so can the Royals be upgraded . What the projections below suggest , however , is that the club likely wo n't be entering the season with any positional black holes . The numbers indicate that perhaps neither Norichika Aoki nor Alcides Escobar are ideal starting options for a club with playoff ambitions . That they 're probably something better than replacement level is also apparent .
Of some interest is how manager Ned Yost might contend with the third-base position in 2014 . The offseason trade to acquire Danny Valencia suggests that Yost and/or the club are concerned about Mike Moustakas 's capacity to hit left-handers . It 's true : Valencia probably hits them better . Whether that slight upgrade was worth all of David Lough is less probable .
Pitchers
The reader will note that the starting pitchers in the depth-chart graphic below are arranged not in precise order of expected rotational slot , but rather by projected WAR . The reader will also note that , were that same graphic to include pitchers expected to begin the season in the minor leagues , then Yordano Ventura 's name would appear just below James Shields ‘ . This is perhaps more of an indictment of Kansas City 's rotation than a celebration of Ventura 's skills . Still , he 's promising , is the point .
After five merely tolerable seasons in the rotation , former first-overall pick Luke Hochevar was entirely excellent in a relief capacity last year , basically doubling their career strikeout rate , recording a 73 xFIP- , and producing a a comparable WAR to that from previous seasons in basically just a third of the innings . Still , he 's expected to compete for a spot in the back of the rotation with Wade Davis , who has also showed promise out of the bullpen before .
Bench/Prospects
Second baseman Johnny Giavotella has n't yet become the player they seemed likely to become based on the maturity of their plate approach in the minors even while often skewing young for their levels . He 's projected to produce something between a replacement-level and league-average season , given the opportunity . Among pitchers , Yordano Ventura and Kyle Zimmer were recently ranked as the top-two prospects in the organization by Baseball America . They also appear to be the rookie-eligible pitchers most likely to succeed in the majors this season .
Depth Chart
Below is a rough depth chart for the present incarnation of the Kansas Citizens , with rounded projected WAR totals for each player . For caveats regarding WAR values see disclaimer at bottom of post . Click to embiggen image .
Ballpark graphic courtesy Eephus League . Depth charts constructed by way of those listed here at site and author 's own haphazard reasoning .
Batters , Counting Stats
* * *
Batters , Rates and Averages
* * *
Batters , Assorted Other
* * *
Pitchers , Counting Stats
* * *
Pitchers , Rates and Averages
* * *
Pitchers , Assorted Other
* * *
Disclaimer : ZiPS projections are computer-based projections of performance . Performances have not been allocated to predicted playing time in the majors — many of the players listed above are unlikely to play in the majors at all in 2014 . ZiPS is projecting equivalent production — a .240 ZiPS projection may end up being .280 in AAA or .300 in AA , for example . Whether or not a player will play is one of many non-statistical factors one has to take into account when predicting the future .
Players are listed with their most recent teams unless Dan has made a mistake . This is very possible as a lot of minor-league signings are generally unreported in the offseason .
ZiPS is projecting based on the AL having a 4.04 ERA and the NL having a 3.81 ERA .
Players that are expected to be out due to injury are still projected . More information is always better than less information and a computer is n't what should be projecting the injury status of , for example , a pitcher with Tommy John surgery .
Regarding ERA+ vs. ERA- ( and FIP+ vs. FIP- ) and the differences therein : as Patriot notes here , they are not simply mirror images of each other . Writes Patriot : “ ERA+ does not tell you that a pitcher 's ERA was X % less or more than the league 's ERA . It tells you that the league 's ERA was X % less or more than the pitcher 's ERA . ”
Both hitters and pitchers are ranked by projected zWAR — which is to say , WAR values as calculated by Dan Szymborski , whose surname is spelled with a z . WAR values might differ slightly from those which appear in full release of ZiPS . Finally , Szymborski will advise anyone against — and might karate chop anyone guilty of — merely adding up WAR totals on depth chart to produce projected team WAR .
In a move that did not shock many in the NBA , Jeremy Lin has decided to become a free agent . According to ESPN , they have now officially declined their option year with the Charlotte Hornets . Though Lin might return to the team , they are now free to explore their options .
The reason why people are not shocked that Jeremy Lin is opting out of their contract is because they were set to only make $ 2.2 million next season . The rising salary cap in the NBA will definitely make Lin a much richer man this fall . The combination guard can command much more than that .
At 28 years of age , Jeremy Lin would be wise to start thinking about their financial future . Though they are certainly far from being ancient , they need to start making as much money as they can while they are still in the NBA . Capitalizing this summer would be the start of that plan .
null
Jeremy Lin did n't put up out of this world stats last season with the Charlotte Hornets . Their 11.7 points and three assists per game were n't going to make anyone an NBA All-Star . However , Lin did show that they could be a very valuable asset as a rotation player .
There is talk that Jeremy Lin might seek out a starting job somewhere in the NBA . That makes a lot of sense , because ambitious players want to be on the basketball court as much as possible . Immediately accepting a role player gig is n't something that Lin is going to do .
As a third or fourth guard in the rotation , Jeremy Lin should have no problems finding a home in the NBA . He 's great at that . Lin provides explosiveness off the bench . He 's a wonderful change-of-pace type of back court player . Coaches love having that when they want to control the tempo of the game .
Kemba Walker [ Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images ] The Brooklyn Nets are a potential landing spot for Jeremy Lin . They have a very deep connection with Kenny Atkinson , the former Atlanta Hawks assistant coach who was hired by the Nets to be their new head coach . Atkinson and Lin spent time together with the New York Knicks .
Another potential landing spot just opened up today , as the Chicago Bulls have now traded Derrick Rose to the New York Knicks . The team felt that it was time to move on and build around Jimmy Butler . Lin could be a very good fit for Butler .
Interestingly enough , there were recent reports that the New York Knicks were looking to reunite with Jeremy Lin . They were the franchise where they became a global sensation . Apparently , Carmelo Anthony has softened up on their stance towards Lin tremendously . Trading for Derrick Rose means that Lin wo n't be back in the Big Apple .
Derrick Rose [ Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images ] Jeremy Lin will have a much better vision of their future after the upcoming NBA Draft on Thursday night . Teams that miss out on adding depth to the point guard position should be quick to call their agent . Lin is a tremendous fall back plan because of their experience .
Mike Conley and Rajon Rondo are said as the two best free agent point guards available in the NBA this summer . Many can argue that Jeremy Lin would be right behind them on the list . Once Conley and Rondo are signed to contracts , Lin and their agents will be extremely busy .
Jeremy Lin has earned the right to choose their future in the NBA . They and their agent have positioned the 6 ' 4″ guard to take advantage of free agency . Planning ahead and making the most of their opportunity with the Charlotte Hornets are looking like great ideas .
[ Photo by Streeter Lecka/Getty Images ]
U.S. President Barack Obama has `` a great likelihood of success '' in their showdown with congressional Republicans on the Iran nuclear deal , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has acknowledged .
The Republican-led Senate and House are expected to reject the deal in a joint resolution next month amid near universal condemnation of the accord by Republicans .
But Obama has pledged to veto their disapproval resolution , and the question then becomes whether Republican opponents can muster the two-thirds vote of Congress needed to override their veto .
McConnell , at a speech before business leaders in their home state of Kentucky on August 17 , talked about the difficulty in achieving an override . Obama needs 34 Senate Democrats to sustain a veto , and 21 have announced they are backing the deal . In the House , 146 Democrats are needed to sustain a veto and 48 have expressed their support for the accord .
`` He can win by getting one-third plus one of either house , '' McConnell said . `` So he 's still got a great likelihood of success . ''
McConnell 's public acknowledgement that Obama has the advantage reflects what Democrats and Republicans have been saying privately . Their comments come as groups on both sides of the issue are spending millions of dollars on ads they hope will sway lawmakers during their August recess .
McConnell said they would be surprised if any Senate Republican supports the deal . They added that even if Obama prevails , the deal can still be reviewed by the next president , who might be a Republican .
`` The campaign of the president to get it approved will be entirely among Democrats , probably Democrats in very safe Democratic seats , '' they said .
Three more Democrats came out in favor of the deal August 18 : Senators Jack Reed and Sheldon Whitehouse , both of Rhode Island , and Mazie Hirono of Hawaii . Reed sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee and could help sway other Democrats ' views on the matter .
But the deal has some notable Democratic defectors as well , including Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the No . 3 Senate Democrat and the party 's leader-in-waiting .
Schumer was joined August 18 by New Jersey Democrat Bob Menendez , who said they will also vote against the nuclear deal and would vote to override a veto by Obama .
Menendez , the senior Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said they oppose the agreement because Iran has violated several UN Security Council resolutions while advancing its nuclear program .
They also called on Obama to renegotiate some aspects of the deal .
McConnell said such opposition was helpful .
`` I hope we can defeat it , but the procedure is obviously stacked in the president 's favor , '' they said . `` We 'll see . ''
Arizona Senator Jeff Flake , the lone Republican senator who was considering support for the nuclear deal , recently announced plans to vote no .
`` I was pleased that they finally reached the same conclusion the rest of us did , that it was not in America 's best interests to support it , '' McConnell said .
The Senate leader said they hoped to have a `` respectful , uplifting debate '' when the deal reaches the Senate floor .
`` What I 've asked my colleagues to do is to sit at their desks , listen to each other , and treat the consideration of this agreement with the respect that it deserves , '' they said . `` This is a major , major foreign policy decision . ''
Still , McConnell denounced the accord as a `` very flawed deal '' on several fronts .
`` It leaves the Iranians with threshold nuclear capability , '' they said . `` It has no impact on all of their other activities . They are the biggest sponsor of terrorism in the world today . The inspections are flawed . ''
Even though they oppose the deal , McConnell said they do n't think the agreement will derail the U.S. 's long-standing alliance with Israel .
`` The relationship between the U.S. and Israel is very strong , and it 's not going to change as a result of this , '' they said . `` But I think the prime minister of Israel has got it right -- this is a very , very bad deal . ''
With reporting by AP and Lexington Herald-Leader
Rep. Glenn Grothman , R-Wisc. , perhaps best encapsulated today 's House hearing grilling Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards when they told Richards that their organization 's services are n't necessary because “ as a guy ” they have plenty of health care options in their home state .
Grothman , who presumably receives very good health insurance through their job as a member of Congress , told Richards that “ when I look at cities around me that have a Planned Parenthood clinic … usually in those cities , as a guy , I could go to many clinics locally that have all the machines that one would need , all these clinics as far as I know take Medicaid dollars , so you could go to any of those clinics to get any medical service you could . ”
“ I guess what I 'm getting at is if Planned Parenthood disappeared tomorrow in those towns , there would still be three or four or five clinics or hospitals providing all the … medical care you would want , ” they said .
Grothman then claimed that Medicaid , which provides health care for low-income people , is “ superior care ” to private insurance because “ without the deductibles and copays it 's usually better insurance than other people have. ” Grothman has previously claimed that people who use the public safety net are fleecing taxpayers by living luxuriously .
Richards reminded Grothman that Planned Parenthood 's 22 health centers in Wisconsin serve 65,000 people a year . The claim that other health care providers could easily absorb Planned Parenthood 's patients if it was forced to stop providing care is simply false , especially since many of the supposed “ replacement ” clinics Planned Parenthood 's critics point to do n't have reproductive health care expertise .
Every time you think the price of college tuition could n't grow more ridiculously expensive , costs go up again . That 's happening at the same time a college diploma has become essential to getting practically any kind of job , much less a good one .
Also , while there 's a lot of scholarship money you can get from companies , nonprofits and so on , it can take an awful lot of time figuring out which ones you really have a shot at and which are a waste of effort .
Christopher Gray is an expert on the subject . Gray , a junior at Drexel University in Philadelphia who grew up in a struggling , low-income family in Birmingham , Al. , won $ 1.3 million in scholarships before entering college . More recently , with two friends , they decided to turn all the savvy he 'd accumulated into an app—and a social enterprise .
Called Scholly , the app lets you search for scholarships using eight parameters -- state , race , GPA , major , need or merit based , gender , grade level , and miscellaneous ( you 're an athlete or have ADHD , for example ) . You get a description of the scholarship , how much they give away , whether the deadline has passed , and a link to the web site . ( The app lists scholarships that current undergraduates can apply for , as well as those open to high school seniors ) .
Gray knew they wanted to be an entrepreneur before they went to college -- and he 'd have a hard time paying the tuition . When they were a junior in high school , their mother lost their job in a call center , and they had no money to help foot the bill . But Gray was a go-getter in high school , too . They started a nonprofit that provided volunteer opportunities for students in their community and a for-profit arm of a nonprofit through which they helped put on talent shows and other happenings in a safe environment .
When they found out about all the scholarships available , they decided they had to apply to as many as possible . So they started doing research online . Because the family did n't have a computer , they had to trek to the library , wait their turn , and spend the 30 minutes they were allowed searching as quickly as possible . It took months for them to wade through thousands of scholarships , most of which they did n't qualify for .
They finally whittled the list down to 74 and , in their senior year , applied to them all . That , of course , was another very long process . ( His advice : Many scholarship applications ask you to write an essay , but usually you can adapt something you already wrote . They started with the Gates Millennium Scholars Program and its eight essays , using them as the basis for their other applications ) .
When they got to college , they spent a lot of time giving talks about how they won all that money . In their sophomore year , Gray , who knew they wanted to start a business with a social mission , realized they were onto something . “ I thought , I can help all these people , ” they say . They also enrolled in Drexel 's new Close School of Entrepreneurship . Over six months , they and two schoolmates , Bryson Alef and Nick Pirollo , both of whom had significant programming chops , set about creating a mobile app that could make use of the scholarship application lessons Gray had learned when they were in high school . In addition , Gray spent six months creating the database the low tech way -- manually -- to make sure all the information was accurate .
The cofounders decided to focus on smart phones , since Gray knew from their own experience that low-income students might not have easy access to a computer , but they probably had a phone . The app , which they made available in May , costs $ .99 to download . But Gray also is talking to schools about their buying in bulk for their students . They also say he 's about to announce a “ big partnership ” that they ca n't reveal yet . Stay tuned .
PIYAL ADHIKARY/epa/Corbis
An Indian parliamentary committee has recommended legal action against a major US-based NGO that it accuses of violating ethical standards and national law during a study to assess the possibility of launching a cervical cancer vaccination programme in the country .
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Health and Family Welfare said that the Program for Appropriate Technology in Health ( PATH ) , a non-profit organization based in Seattle , Washington , and several Indian institutions , failed to follow proper procedures , adequately monitor events or obtain informed consent from all participants .
It called the field test of two human papilloma virus ( HPV ) vaccines , stopped after seven vaccinated children died , “ very intriguing and fishy ” , and asserted , without evidence , that the goal was to generate profits for the pharmaceutical industry .
The charges were firmly rebutted by PATH , with Vivien Tsu , the director of its cervical-cancer prevention project , arguing that the report is “ inaccurate in many details and incorrectly implies violations of approved practices ” . “ PATH is committed to meeting the highest scientific , ethical , and legal standards in our work , ” they say .
After breast cancer , cervical cancer caused by HPV is the second most common cancer in women worldwide , with around 500,000 new cases and some 250,000 deaths each year — including an estimated 134,000 new cases and 73,000 deaths in India .
The first HPV vaccine , Gardasil , was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in 2006 . Two years later , India approved that drug , which is made by Merck , based in Whitehouse Station , New Jersey , as well as Cervarix , another HPV vaccine , made by GlaxoSmithKline , based in London . Both vaccines had been approved for use by the US Food and Drug Administration before the PATH project began in 2009 . The study , which used donations of these vaccines and was funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , aimed to gather evidence as to how an HPV vaccine might best be widely introduced within the Indian health-care system .
It involved vaccinating 13,000 girls aged 10–14 in the state of Andhra Pradesh with Gardasil and 10,000 with Cervarix in Gujarat , and analysed , for example , how to raise community awareness of HPV , and whether delivering vaccines was best achieved at schools or in health centres .
The study was initially intended to run until 2011 , but the Indian government halted the trials in March 2010 after activist groups opposed to the introduction of the vaccine in India alleged safety and ethical violations following the death of seven girls enrolled in the study . An internal government inquiry concluded in 2011 that the deaths were unrelated to the vaccination and that no ethical norms had been infringed .
But the standing committee 's report to the Indian parliament , released on 30 August , maintains that the study violated ethical norms and India 's laws and regulations . As well as PATH , the state governments of Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat and the Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) were also singled out for criticism .
The report argues that the study should have fallen under clinical-trials legislation despite its designation as a demonstration project , that informed consent was not properly obtained from all study participants — many of whom were illiterate — and that adverse events were not adequately monitored or reported .
Tsu says that the study , whose primary goal was to determine how many girls were vaccinated , was in no way a clinical trial and that no clinical outcomes were measured — the project had been delayed to await the vaccines ' approval in India in 2008 , they add . Proper procedures for seeking informed consent and tracking adverse events were also used , they say . In a statement on its website , PATH said : “ We strongly disagree with the findings , conclusions and tone of the released report and its disregard of the evidence and facts . ”
PATH has similar research programmes in Vietnam , Uganda and Peru as part of a project — begun in 2006 with a US $ 27.8-million grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation — that aimed to provide poorer countries with practical data on the feasibility and acceptability of introducing the vaccine , notes Tsu .
This year , the GAVI Alliance , a multibillion-dollar public–private partnership that funds and delivers vaccines to developing countries , began introducing HPV vaccines in eight African countries , and aims to vaccinate 30 million girls in 40 nations by 2020 . PATH 's demonstration projects in Peru and Uganda helped to launch national HPV immunization programmes and contributed to the GAVI Alliance 's decision to subsidize HPV vaccines for the world 's poorest countries .
LOS ANGELES ( CBSLA.com ) — The Clippers ' big win Wednesday over Oklahoma City has been overshadowed by the Twitter rant that forward Matt Barnes went on after getting ejected for the first time this season .
The veteran forward , who is of mixed race , continued to face questions Friday on why they used a racial slur — often known as the “ n ” word —in a tweet . Barnes was fined $ 25,000 by the league for their actions .
“ I think that my mistake was to use it in a social manner , which I regret and apologize for , ” Barnes said at practice .
“ But you guys have to get used to it . This is a new day and age . I think when you put an ‘ er ' at the end , that could make people cringe , but if you put an ‘ a , ' that 's like saying ‘ bro . ' That is how we talk . ”
Gender-fluid blogger Elliott Alexzander could n't find something to wear—at least , initially . Which is what propelled the 22-year-old designer to create House of Alexzander , a personal Tumblr blog that combines fashion with cultural critique .
What they did n't expect was how well received their posts on gender variant style would become—garnering them a fierce following and sparking a business idea that would cater to them and their fans .
“ This came from my personal struggles , ” says Alexzander , over the phone from their Atlanta home base . “ I had a hard time finding clothes that fit my body and still allowed me to express who I am . When I started my fashion blog , I quickly realized I was n't the only one . ”
A year later , Alexzander 's idea for GenderFlux was born . The brand—launched by a crowdfunding campaign that garnered pre-orders for 300 T-shirts—espouses the celebration of gender variance and encourages its visibility . Though other fashion companies , like London-based Selfridges , are jumping on the non-binary trend , Alexzander hopes their GenderFlux designs will transcend the runway and create a dialogue about gender identities .
Recently , GenderFlux kicked off 2015 with a new campaign to promote gender variant vocabulary ; its line of T-shirts use gender-fluid symbols and words like “ gendervariant ” and “ non-binary ” emblazoned across the front . The campaign also features models from Atlanta 's queer community , including those with diverse ethnicities and body types .
“ We want to create fashion that is marketed in a way that does n't make the customer feel bad about their body or their gender expression , ” says Alexzander . “ And to create a space where non-binary people can shop for clothes without feeling uncomfortable . ”
To do this , Alexzander is planning their first full fashion line—made with contributions from gender variant designers—that will address one of the “ hard questions ” of fashion : How to deliberately make clothes so that different sizes of a design can be adapted to flatter various body types , rather than simply making bigger or smaller versions that only flatter one shape .
And while Alexzander estimates their blog reaches over 40,000 fans , GenderFlux has the potential to help them become an activist juggernaut . Just one post from the brand 's latest campaign was quickly liked and reblogged by almost 97,000 people on Tumblr .
What 's more , they also took the first step toward becoming a community platform by inviting fans to become online contributors , as well as creating a Facebook photo album for fan selfies . They also welcomed the first non-binary parenting blogger , a mother named Russ , who will contribute an advice column to the brand 's website .
“ I want resources , creative outlets and tools to be available for the gender variant community , ” says Alexzander . “ Fashion is just the beginning . ”
The arrest of Rimsha Masih , a Christian girl in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan , has once again raised the risk of violence committed in the name of religion .
The girl accused of burning pages of the Quran - according to some reports they burnt pages of the Noorani Qaida which is the beginner 's guide for reciting the Quran with a correct accent and pronunciation - is being held under Pakistan 's anti-blasphemy laws .
`` I think it 's a bad law to start off with – it 's a human-made law and it has nothing to do with religion . If you look at our history , the history of Islam and that of our Holy Prophet - they were exceptionally tolerant to those who were abusive towards him . They never took any action against anyone who did anything horrible to him , like throw garbage on him . So for them to put up with all that and we ca n't , to me , makes absolutely no sense . '' - Ayesha Tammy Haq , a barrister-at-law and civil rights activist
There are conflicting reports about the details of their arrest as well as their age and mental state . Some reports say they are just 11 and suffers from Down syndrome .
Christians have reacted by holding protests in Karachi , demanding the release of the girl and to repeal the anti-blasphemy laws .
Some Christians have fled their homes in fear . In the past , crowds have killed many of those accused of blasphemy , and even politicians who advocated for change to the legislation have been targeted .
People are branded blasphemers in Pakistan on a regular basis and some cases have attracted international attention :
In May 2010 , armed men attacked two mosques and killed more than 90 worshipers of the Ahmadi sect .
In November 2010 , a Christian labourer , Asia Bibi was sentenced to death after a co-worker accused them of insulting Islam . The sentence is under appeal , and Bibi is still in jail .
In 2011 , Governor Salman Taseer and Federal Minister Shahbaz Bhatti were killed after they publicly called for the blasphemy law to be amended .
And in July 2012 , thousands of people dragged a Pakistani man accused of desecrating the Quran from a police station in the city of Bahawalpur . They beat them and killed him .
`` I think the whole discussion needs to be put in a right perspective ; this is not an issue of minorities , let me emphasis it again . The best way for such a kind of situation is to fight the case in a court of law . Those people who are taking [ part in ] demonstrations and who are threatening the alleged persons , they are doing wrong . '' - Khalid Rahman , the director general at the Institute for Policy Studies
Pakistan 's blasphemy laws apply to all faiths , but a couple of chapters have been added over the years , referring specifically to Muslims .
Section 295 states that :
“ Whoever by words , either spoken or written , or by visible representation , or by imputation , innuendo , or insinuation , directly or indirectly , defiles the sacred name of the Holy Prophet Muhammad shall be punishable with death , or imprisonment for life , and shall be liable to fine . ”
So , should Pakistan 's blasphemy laws be repealed ? And are Pakistan 's blasphemy laws being misused to persecute the country 's minorities ?
Inside Story , with presenter Folly Bah Thibault , discusses with guests : Ayesha Tammy Haq , a barrister-at-law and civil rights activist ; Khalid Rahman , the director general of the Institute for Policy Studies , specialising in domestic and regional politics ; and Aasim Sajjad , a professor of political economy at Quaid-i-Azam University , and a member of the central committee of the Worker 's Party .
BLASPHEMY IN PAKISTAN :
Pakistani police are holding a Christian girl accused of burning the Quran
Pakistan 's President Zardari ordered report on details of girl 's arrest
Blasphemy laws make it a crime to damage the Quran
Pakistan 's blasphemy laws are based on British colonial laws from 1860
Laws were amended in the 1980s to add life imprisonment and death penalty
Jinnah Institute : There were nine blasphemy cases in Pakistan between 1929 and 1982
Blasphemy cases over last 15 years have climbed into the thousands
Muslims constitute a majority of those booked under blasphemy law
A majority of Pakistanis believe blasphemers should be punished
Source : Al Jazeera
This is our preferred means of receiving a donation , unless a large donation is being considered . Donations received in this way are handled automatically and do not create any administrative work . Credit card companies take a processing fee .
Recurring donations ( We love these ! )
If making a donation online - simply select 'Make this a recurring payment ' when making your first online donation and chose the frequency .
If making a donation by bank transfer - most banks will allow you to specify if it is a recurring donation and with what frequency .
Are you donating to someone 's fundraising page ?
Find their page first go
AMF as a beneficiary of a will
If you would like to make a bequest to AMF in your will then the details you need to include will depend upon the jurisdiction you are in . You can find the charity details for your particular country on our charity status page ( if your country is not listed please use the UK details ) . The contact details to include should be those for Rob Mather as shown on our contact us page . If you would like to contact us directly please do not hesitate to do so .
We have been asked whether there is any specific language that needs to be included in the will and as far as we are aware , there is not , aside from it making clear that AMF is an intended beneficiary which is most simply done by including the relevant charity number/s and contact details .
BEXLEY Council is using controversial “ lie detector ” technology to decide if people are entitled to benefits .
It is withdrawing them from some , including pensioners , if a telephone interview using the voice risk analysis ( VRA ) system suggests people are lying .
Maureen Coulson , 66 , was caught up in a council review confirming people receiving the single person discount council tax reduction , are still entitled .
Mrs Coulson , from Bexleyheath , has been claiming the discount for the past three years .
They told News Shopper about their experience of VRA .
Out of the blue , they received a letter from the council to arrange a telephone interview to discuss them discount .
Mrs Coulson said : “ I thought it was a good thing if it caught people cheating . ”
The caller asked if they lived on their own .
“ I said ‘ yes ' but explained my daughter 's post is still delivered here although they pay council tax where they now live in Belvedere . ”
Mrs Coulson heard nothing more until they received a computerised letter saying they were no longer entitled to a discount .
Even worse , they were told the council would automatically increase their monthly payment from £156 to £264 and was expecting them to pay back the discount they had already been given , back to 2007 .
Mrs Coulson said : “ I was shocked . I have always paid my bills on time . I have never done anything wrong . ”
They went to appeal at Erith town hall .
They said : “ They told me ‘ do n't worry , lots of people have had them ' , but I could n't understand why the council did n't believe I lived on my own . ”
Then they received demands for back payment of the £1,500 discount .
Mrs Coulson decided to stand them ground .
They cancelled their direct debit and paid the next £156 payment in cash and continued their visits to Erith , asking who was supposed to be living with them
But they could not get an answer .
Then they received a demand for payment of the rest of the £264 within seven days .
Mrs Coulson said : “ I went back to Erith and told them I was not going anywhere until someone told me what I had done wrong .
“ I was shaking and on the verge of tears .
“ They told me they had done a credit check and someone called Ann Coulson had applied for credit , using the house . ”
Mrs Coulson said : “ I do n't know any Ann Coulson and their date of birth was almost identical to mine . ”
Unable to sleep with worry , they logged onto the council website in the early hours one morning and poured out their feelings in an emailed complaint .
Last Wednesday they got a letter from Bexley saying a credit check and VRA had determined they were at high risk of lying about living on their own , but after further checks Bexley had changed its mind and reinstated the benefit . ”
It apologised for any inconvenience .
Mrs Coulson said their son did a credit check on them and found nothing suspicious .
They said : “ I am blooming mad and I still have n't had any explanation why .
“ Big Brother has got me . It ruined my summer and my birthday and I know at least one other person who has had the same experience . ”
Bexley was a pilot for VRA for the government last year and is awaiting evaluation of the trial .
It continues to use VRA , but only for single person council tax discounts .
A spokesperson said : “ It has widespread use in the insurance industry and is seen as a useful instrument in preventing fraud . ”
They said the council was obliged to check single person discounts under the National Fraud Initiative .
Summer 's coming and you 're making a comeback . What comes to your mind when I say ‘ summer ' ?
Moonbin : What comes to mind when you say ‘ summer ' would be freedom ? I want to light a bonfire at a campsite and spend an enjoyable time . My hometown 's in Cheongju so a lot of times I 'd have fun like that when it 's summer .
JinJin : If you 're talking about summer , then of course it 's the sea . I used to enjoy fishing with my family when I was younger . The image of someone fishing paints itself like a memory .
Sanha : I 've only been to a waterpark once since I was born but it was a lot of fun . I want to go again .
Eunwoo : The sun 's up longer during the summer . It makes me remember how it would still be sunny out even though school has ended and I 'm playing soccer . My dad 's really been into hiking lately and I want to tag along too .
MJ : A weather where you have to avoid the sun ! Does n't it totally seem like a song title to you ? I want to eat watermelon underneath a shady tree .
Rocky : Maybe because I 'd sweat more than I usually do but diet is what comes to mind first . Rather than hitting the gym , I want to try a sport that I can enjoy doing so I 'm thinking of starting swimming this summer .
Is dieting important even to male idols ? Do you regulate your meals as well ?
JinJin : I usually dance intensely so I do n't see the need to purposely go on a diet . When we finish filming for our music videos , I would hear that I 've unknowingly lost weight .
Moonbin : Before debuting , my diet meals were personally planned and I would have chicken breast and eggs in the mornings . If I 'm busy , then it 's one apple . I would eat like that . We 've decided that we 'll now manage our own selves .
Eunwoo : We do n't pay as much attention to it as girl groups . But even so , we would each put in some care when there 's an important filming and if the other seems like he 's gained weight then we would tell him .
Is there anything after debuting that you want to be better at or something that has attracted your interest ?
Eunwoo : I think I need to continue studying up foreign languages . When we perform overseas , I think it 's polite that we learn their trendy words , dances , etc .. Because we have to do even better .
Moonbin : Me too ! And having stamina is more important that I thought . We were always overflowing with energy pre-debut so I did n't think there was a need to worry about our stamina but as we continuously carried out promotions , I can feel that my stamina 's deteriorating .
JinJin : I 've recently developed an interest in fashion . If previously I only stuck to the hip-hop style that I like , then now I 'm finding ways to wear clothes that fit my body and physical frame .
MJ : I think managing my stamina and just generally taking care of myself is necessary . I try to eat some nutritional supplements too .
Rocky : Seeing as how I 'm a rapper , I 've been thinking lately about how I should read more books . There 's a limit to how much I can write just using my own experiences . I 'm reading and not too long ago , I asked Eunwoo hyung to loan me one of their books . It 's a book called but I 've yet to start on it .
Sanha : I 'm relearning the basics of guitar ( playing ) . I want to be better at it . I also want to show acoustic versions of our songs .
That reminds me , are n't you having your first solo concert in July ? Is there a stage that each of you are dreaming of ?
MJ : I want to put smile on the faces of fans who are coming to watch our concert . I 'm thinking of having a stage with JinJin .
JinJin : I 'm going to do it with you ( laughs ) . After debuting , I do n't think I 've had the chance to really show my rap so I want to show off a dark rap that matches with original hip-hop .
Rocky : I want to show off a dance stage that 's worthy of hearing comments like “ legendary ” and “ the best ” . We do n't have that kind of image yet .
Eunwoo : Shall I go home today and upload one ? With a title that says “ ASTRO 's Legend . ”
Do you have male fans too ?
Eunwoo : We do ! There are those who come to our fansigns too .
Sanha : I feel somewhat reassured when I see male fans . Seeing as how we 're male ourselves , I 'm thankful and it 's nice meeting them .
Rocky : It makes me think that I have to do better , that I have to set an example .
MJ : I get excited if I hear a male voice when fans are cheering at music broadcasts . The sounds of the cheer become bolder .
Eunwoo : “ Eunwoo hyuuungung~ ” I hear stuff like that .
Is there a recent moment when you felt slightly happy ?
Sanha : When there 's time to spare after we wrap up practice , we 'd go for movie together or to the spa . Moments like those are fun .
JinJin : We played futsal together not too long ago and then all of us went to the bath house before going for gopchang . [ op note : gopchang is small intestines of either beef or pork ]
MJ : Ah , that was nice . I was happy .
Eunwoo : One platter serves three people but MJ hyung and I ate four platters ourselves .
Rocky : It 's not something that happened recently but lately I 've been thinking about how we would hold performances every week at Lotte World pre-debut . Having to show off different stages every week was taxing at that time but I think it allowed us to attempt a lot of new stages . The stages we can show are limited when we 're promoting .
The title track 'Confession ' of your third mini album had the theme of “ Do n't be taken by the bad boys and date me instead. ” From a guy 's point of view , what kind of guy is crappy ?
Moonbin : I 've never thought about it in depth but I think someone whose actions are slow and who 's kind of frustrating is whatever .
JinJin : You 're totally attacking me huh ?
Moonbin : Because I really hate things that frustrate me ( laughs ) . But I think it 's a problem too if their personality is feisty and hot-tempered . Even if my sister were to date someone like me , I think it 'll suck for them
It 's a self-attack now , haha . How about the others ?
JinJin : I wo n't attack ( laughs ) . Firstly , I hope the girl does n't date someone who she 's unable to communicate with . And someone who 's tactless when it comes to feelings . I want to tell them to date a guy who understands girls and who respects them
Rocky : A person with no manners is whatever . You 'll realize things like that quickly . Usually someone who 's good to their parents are good to other people as well .
MJ : I think it 's really important that a person has manners . Do n't carelessly speak what 's on your mind .
Eunwoo : A person who does n't keep to their promises is seriously whatever . Is n't a guy who 's kind of strict on themselves a good guy ?
Sanha : Someone who lies ! You should n't date someone who 's not truthful .
That reminds me , how did you spend Parent 's Day that passed not too long ago ?
Eunwoo : I sent a selfie of myself in the family chat room ( laughs ) . 5th May is my parent 's anniversary as well so I really wanted us to have a meal together but we were n't able to .
Rocky : I timed when my parents would wake up and gave them a call . I wanted to thank them but ended up accidentally congratulating them .
MJ : I wanted to do a video call with my parents but they were driving so they were satisfied with just a normal call . I wanted to show them myself though .
You 're now going all out on promotions again . Is there anything that you wanted to say and that you practiced saying for when you win no.1 or for an important occasion ?
JinJin : Seeing as how I 'm the leader , Eunwoo and I made a list in a notebook of the people that we should say our thanks to .
Eunwoo : Yup , we did . Relaying our thanks is important too but I want to tell each of the members something . What kind of words they are is a secret .
Moonbin : I was cast when I was in 6th grade . I really want to thank the person who picked me then . He 's like a mother to me .
Rocky : I was in 5th grade then . I also want to relay my thanks to that person . And I think it 'll be nice if the members each said something that was heartfelt . We 've had our opportunities to say those words but still , I 'm sure there are words we 're holding on our hearts that we have n't been able to say .
Sanha : As for me , it 's of course my parents ! I want to tell them that I 'm thankful they gave birth to me and that even if I was born again , I want to be born as their son . Seems like I 've said it all here .
MJ : I want to hug my members and we 'd all shout together . Until our makeup 's erased away . Until the broadcast ends .
arohauniverse ( 1 2 ) , @ 99pmh ( 1
If ever a Formula 1 race was decided on Race Strategy , it was the 2015 Malaysian Grand Prix .
After predictions that the season could be a Mercedes whitewash , victory for Sebastian Vettel in the second round in Malaysia came as a surprise .
Mercedes struggled in the hot conditions , but was the race still winnable for Lewis Hamilton ? And how did Ferrari use Race Strategy to bring their first victory for two years ?
Why Ferrari knew it was in good shape for the race and why Mercedes needed to be careful
In Melbourne , Ferrari had shown impressive pace during the race , especially on Raikkonen 's car , which suggested that the Ferrari was close to Mercedes in race conditions . But there was no evidence in Melbourne that they could make a set of tyres last longer than Mercedes .
In the hot conditions of Malaysia it became clear that they could and this held the key to Vettel 's victory .
Friday second practice is a crucial session , when F1 teams do a qualifying simulation and then fuel the cars up for long runs to simulate the first stint of the race .
Mercedes ' preparations at Sepang were compromised as Lewis Hamilton had technical problems on Friday and lost track time , while Nico Rosberg 's running was limited as the team tried to save engine mileage . This cost them dearly as the cars were not set up ideally for the race . This had other knock on effects .
What FP2 showed ( graph i below ) is that Ferrari had less tyre degradation while for Mercedes , the hard tyre was faster after three to four laps of the run , taking into account the need to run 56 laps in the race in a workable strategy of maximum three stops .
This is what persuaded Mercedes that the hard tyre was the better race tyre and told them that they would not get more than 10 laps out of the mediums at the start of the race , so that meant three-stopping .
This thinking led them to the unusual idea of using a set of mediums for both drivers in Qualifying session 1 , because they were preserving their new hard tyres for the race .
This move on Saturday told Ferrari that Mercedes ' race strategy would be a three stopper with most of the race on hard tyres . They could plan accordingly , to attack Mercedes ' weak point .
Going back to Friday FP2 , Raikkonen 's long runs showed that Ferrari could possibly get to around Lap 15 on the medium tyres , which opened the possibility to do a two stop strategy , making one stop less than Mercedes planned .
Mercedes expected Raikkonen to do two stops from 11th having the freedom to use a new set of mediums at the start . But they did not expect Vettel to be able to do the race in just two stops . Of course the three laps behind the Safety Car in the first stint helped that , but Vettel 's second stint in the race was the killer , as we shall see .
The tactical battle in the race decides the outcome
Mercedes had to do three stops . Even with the deployment of the Safety Car early in the first stint , there is no way that Hamilton could have converted to a two stopper and even less of beating Vettel on that strategy .
The evidence is very clear from the second stints of the race ( see Graph ii comparison of Hamilton on hard tyres vs Vettel on medium tyres ) . More evidence was there from the first four laps of the race , when Hamilton was not able to pull a gap to Vettel , which told the story Ferrari was hoping to see .
When the Safety Car was deployed on Lap 4 , Vettel did not pit , whereas Hamilton , Rosberg and 13 others did . This handed the initiative to Ferrari and then when Mercedes fitted the hard tyres , that also gave Ferrari a pace offset on the tyres . From here onwards , Mercedes were in huge trouble .
In Hamilton 's third stint , their medium tyres were finished after 12 laps , which shows how hamstrung they were tactically , having lost the track position advantage over Vettel early on .
The pre-race plan for Mercedes was to stop around Lap 10 and fit new hard tyres . They needed a stint of over 16 laps and that dictated it had to be Hard tyres at that stage .
The Safety Car period starting on Lap 4 meant that there would be a maximum of four to six laps after it ended before Hamilton would need to pit again , which did not make sense , as it would hand the advantage to Vettel , who would be able to run longer .
Mercedes ' strategy for Hamilton was to stick to the three stop plan , which would require them to pass Vettel on the track before the end of the race .
But two things prevented that . The first was the fact that more cars than expected stayed out under the Safety Car , which meant it took Hamilton longer to clear the traffic than expected .
Secondly Vettel 's second stint on mediums was much faster than expected and with Hamilton committed to the three stopper and with no new medium tyres left after Qualifying , they were powerless to recover .
Could Mercedes not have split the strategies with its two drivers , as several teams did ?
When the Safety Car was deployed on Lap 4 , a number of teams decided to split the strategies , leaving one driver out and pitting the other . If you look closely it was teams outside the Top 10 who did this , as it is a gamble .
Williams , Red Bull and Mercedes did not do it ( Ferrari was in a different position as Raikkonen had made a stop early on for a puncture ) .
Force India and Toro Rosso went for it and it worked out better for Verstappen , who did the same strategy as Rosberg , than it did for Sainz who stayed out and could not make the stint lengths last long enough for a two stopper , so fell back at the end behind their teammate .
With Hamilton leading , Vettel second and Rosberg third , the only way for Mercedes to split the strategy would have been to back Rosberg for the win and pit them under the Safety Car , leaving Hamilton out to hold up Vettel . This would have made Hamilton vulnerable , as their race strategy would be compromised , given that once the race resumed , they would have to pit long before Vettel .
The fact that they did not do this , perhaps indicates that Mercedes felt their best chance of winning in Malaysia , given the relative performance of their two drivers at this point in the season , was with Hamilton .
With hindsight , it might have been worth a try as Rosberg was going to finish third anyway by stopping behind Hamilton on Lap 4 and they lost additional time in traffic as a result of having to queue for tyres . But it would have compromised Hamilton 's race and Rosberg would still have had to overtake Vettel at the end .
Conclusion
With the benefit of hindsight , there are a number of things Mercedes might have done differently which would have given Hamilton or Rosberg a better chance to win .
But with the tyre performance they had , they would have been taking a huge risk to try to beat Ferrari on a similar two stop plans . More likely they would still have pitted Hamilton under the Safety Car , but if they had saved the set of medium tyres they used in Qualifying session 1 for Hamilton to use during their second stint of the race , they might have been closer to Vettel to challenge for the lead at the end .
Graph I – Comparison of Friday Free Practice 2 long runs , showing clearly that Ferrari suffers less degradation in tyre performance and is able to make the tyres last longer than Mercedes . This decided the Strategy for both teams in Malaysia . ( NB The lap number is across horizontal axis and the vertical axis is the lap time , the lower number being the faster lap time )
Graph ii – Comparison of Hamilton vs Vettel 2nd stint ; ( Vettel on Medium tyres , Hamilton on Hards ) . Vettel 's pace is very impressive , especially early in the stint and they are able to push hard and maintain tyre life for 20 laps , whereas Hamilton 's tyres in their third stint were failing after 10 laps . ( NB The lap number is across horizontal axis and the vertical axis is the lap time , the lower number being the faster lap time )
The UBS Race Strategy Report is written by James Allen with input and data from several of the leading F1 teams ' strategists , from JA on F1 technical adviser Dominic Harlow and from Pirelli .
RACE HISTORY GRAPH & TYRE USAGE CHART , Kindly Supplied by Williams Martini Racing - Click to enlarge
Key : Horizontal = Lap number ; Vertical = Gap to cars behind
Notice the clear drop off in performance on Hamilton 's tyres at the end of the stints in comparison with Vettel 's . Note also the pace of Vettel 's second stint , which put the race out of reach for Mercedes .
Bootstrapping in Saigon
Why you should bootstrap your startup in Vietnam
Jon Myers ✈ Blocked Unblock Follow May 20 , 2013
As a startup guy , I 'm well aware of the power of community and scenes .
Growing up , I grew up in scenes .
There was the skate scene where bands of misfit skaters would form tribes that functioned as extended families . There was the punk scene where kids of all stripes would get together to explore unpopular ideas and make music around them .
Yep , yep . That 's me . Entrepreneur in training .
Ironically , these scenes helped form my mental model for being an entrepreneur .
That said , scenes are in a constant state of expansion and contraction .
They morph and change shape . Old scenes die , new scenes emerge .
Lately , a new scene is shaping my perspective here in Vietnam .
A powerful scene is emerging in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam or as locals refer to it by its old name , Saigon . Entrepreneurs from America to India , from Japan to Spain are calling this city home while they 're grinding out their MVPs .
It 's a scene , a location independent startup scene that should be on your radar if you 're a bootstrapping entrepreneur looking to extend your runway .
A scene born out of the promise of the 4-Hour Work Week , seeded with the ambition to do something bigger .
It 's ground-zero of the next wave .
And the next wave will be huge because the world is a startup .
Why Vietnam
It 's probably not what you think
Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam
Mention Vietnam as a bootstrapping destination to most people in North America and you 'll get puzzled looks . Most people have images of war and struggle in their head .
Fair enough , but things have changed . Mostly for the better .
The population here is young . A majority percentage of the population is under the age of 30 . Obviously , most have no recollection of the past . If one wants to get a feeling for the heart and soul of a city , it 's trajectory and direction , you must examine its youth culture .
How do young people think and feel about the future ?
Of course , my experience in gaining these young perspectives is limited . In my limited interactions with the young , the up and comers here , I 've walked away with the distinct impression that they are optimistic , extremely self-sufficient , libertarian like , and have hope for the future .
As cliche as it sounds , Saigon , a city of more than 8 million people , has one of the most interesting contrasts of old and new in Southeast Asia . There are modern , packed nightclubs , fancy restaurants , old school markets and cheap and tasty street food galore .
A beer will set you back about a buck .
Aside from the rising shine of modernity that is blanketing this city , it 's attracting a new breed of world class entrepreneurs .
Additionally , what makes Vietnam great is you have access to fantastic beaches that are just a short hop away . Imagine working 70 hour weeks , and then being able to take a short roundtrip flight to a beautiful beach for $ 60 bucks to clear your head . Yep , you can do that here , and that 's what people do .
The Scene
A hub for location independent startups
Cities are hives of connectivity and ultimately , the people make the place . The types of people a city attracts , what they 're doing , and how they connect make or break cities .
What I 've uncovered in Saigon are the beginnings of something special , a movement . A wave of people from around the globe setting up and baselining on the next big thing .
As my friend and fellow entrepreneur Dan Andrews currently living here would say :
In the 1920 's you would go to Paris to write your novel . Now you go to Southeast Asia to work on your startup . Vietnam is ground-zero for this movement .
To be fair , this scene is ripe and just getting started . People come and people go , but an impressive amount of people from around the globe are calling this city home to put their heads down and crank out their products .
There are plenty of events , co-working facilities and a few incubators . Monthly events like Web Wednesday regularly see 150+ attendees .
Low Cost , High Value Lifestyle
Housing , food and recharging your brain
Housing
My first apartment in HCMC . This is what $ 700 ( usd ) per month buys :
You can rent a room for as little as $ 200 ( usd ) per month , have your own studio for $ 400 - $ 500 bucks a month or better yet , a swank furnished two-bedroom apartment can be had for $ 900/ month .
Even better , these places are furnished , serviced ( housekeeping , most utilities ) and simply require you to plop down and open your suitcase for “ move-in day ” .
The first time I moved to HCMC I found my apartment in one day . You can use a broker to find an apartment ( you will pay slightly more ) , and their services are free of charge .
Alternatively , you can just get a motorbike , cruise around neighborhoods and walk into apartment buildings you like and ask if there are any places for rent .
Food
Street food here is safe to eat , everywhere and cheap . You can get a famous banh mi sandwich on the street for less than a buck . Pho for about the same price , and if you fancy a gourmet sit down meal with a bottle of wine , you 'll have plenty of opportunities for a fraction of the cost back home .
Banh Mi Sandwich
Recharging Your Brain
All work and no play will drain your brain . Some of the most powerful business moments you may have happened outside of your normal work day . If you 're high-energy , you need serendipitous rocket fuel for these moments .
Lucky for you , Vietnam has plenty of places a stone throws away where you can recharge .
One example is the Vietnamese island of Phu Quoc . Just 45 minutes by plane from HCMC with inexpensive accommodations starting at $ 20/ night , this is an amazing place to blow some steam off .
Phu Quoc , Vietnam
Recently a group of 7 of us startup types hired a private van take us to the beach town of Mui Ne . Getting there was n't exactly glorious . It 's 4.5 hours by van , but the van was spacious and we had incredible conversations on the way there .
Transportation and accommodations at a nice resort there for 3 nights set me back about $ 200 ( usd ) .
The conversations and ideas exchanged there were priceless . To top things off , the wifi was speedy ( 30/ mbps down ) and we all actually got work down .
Welcome to Your Office
A cafe culture that rivals Paris
Coffee and fast wifi are the lifeblood of startups .
One relic of the French legacy in Vietnam is a huge cafe culture , one that rivals Paris .
Hands down this is the very best thing about Saigon for startuppers .
There are literally hundreds , if not thousands of cafes in the city with blazing fast wifi that you can call your office for the day .
A sampling of the places you can call your office :
Photo : NomadicNotes
Photo : NomadicNotes
Photo : NomadicNotes
Photo : NomadicNotes
Motorbike Culture
Beautiful chaos : it just works
I 'll be the first to admit it . I 'm extremely impatient .
As an entrepreneur I just want to get where I 'm going as quickly as possible , flip open my laptop and start working .
While I love and appreciate the range of public transportation options I had access to while living in New York City , I found the process of walking to the train , waiting on the train , and so on , slow and inefficient . Most days I just preferred walking .
For those that have visited HCMC one of the first things they 'll remark upon here is the traffic , and specifically the motorbike traffic . The sheer insanity of it . At least on the surface .
Getting around in HCMC is a completely different animal that is not for the feint of heart .
On the surface this city looks like pure chaos , and it is , but if you dare to learn to ride a motorbike here it opens up a new world to you . It 's not nearly as chaotic as you might think .
With a motorbike , I 've found Saigon to be one of the most transportation efficient big cities I 've ever lived in . In the morning I figure out what coffee shop I want to work from , I simply hop on my motorbike and join the school of fish racing down the streets .
When I get to where I 'm going , I pull right up in front of the place , where I 'm greeted by a security staff/ valet that manages parking my bike for the equivalent of about 15 to 25 cents .
I do n't want to understate the dangers of riding a motorbike here , it can be dangerous , but the flow of traffic is slow . Motorbikes dominate the road .
Additionally , there is a serious pollution problem due to the bikes .
That said , I 'm constantly astounded by how easy and fast it is to get around here on a bike .
Most of my commutes around town are 10 - 15 minutes or less .
You can rent an automatic motorbike here for about $ 50 - $ 60 bucks a month . Fuel will cost you about $ 5 bucks a week .
If riding a motorbike is not for you , taxis are cheap and plentiful . A taxi ride from the airport to the center of the city will run you $ 6 - $ 7 ( usd ) . Most short runs will be $ 1 - $ 3 dollars .
The Drawbacks
Some reasons why you should n't bootstrap in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
You 're looking for venture funding .
While there are some Silicon Valley links to HCMC , there are little to no funding opportunities here for your startup . You do have easy proximity to Hong Kong and Singapore with more established professional investors . The chances of landing funding here or there are extremely slim .
The pollution may get to you .
Some people say the pollution here gets to them . Personally , I 've never had a problem with it .
You do n't like big cities .
If you do n't like big cities you probably wo n't like it in HCMC . It 's a big city that feels like a town on steroids . The speed of some things in the city makes NYC feel slow to me .
You fear change .
This city is in a constant state of flux .
You hate the heat .
The climate in HCMC is sub-tropical . That means it gets hot and hotter . There is a distinct rainy season , which is nice because things tend to cool off for the evenings .
Top Reasons to Bootstrap in Saigon
The Community
A vibrant community of doers awaits . The community is literally growing by the day .
Extend Your Runway
Simply put , your money goes further here . If you 're boostrapping and trying to keep your expenses down , this is one of the best places to set up shop for a while .
The Value
Incredible value for a big-city . A low-cost , high value lifestyle that allows you to focus on what you want to do ( building your product ) , manage the things you do n't want to do that suck up your time in other cities ( cooking , cleaning , daily errands ) , and have a high-quality of life .
The Food
It comes as no surprise that Vietnam is one of Anthony Bourdain 's favorite places for food . The range of edible delites in this country is astounding .
The Bottom Line
You could easily get by on $ 1,000/ month . That 's probably quite less than what you 'd pay for a shoebox in San Francisco , let alone expenses .
Saigon Basics
Think your ready to jump in ? Here are some basics to get you started :
The Language
Vietnamese is the language . The language varies depending on northern and southern dialects . The written language uses English letters that you can learn to pronounce . So memorizing street names is a bit easier .
In the city , it 's very easy to get by just using English .
Currency
The national currency is the đồng . The current exchange rate is $ 1 usd to 20,990.02 vnd . Your money goes a long way here .
Where to Live
Saigon is broken up into districts . Most foreigners and expats live in Districts 1 , 2 , 3 and 7 . It 's no coincidence that the most expensive districts to live in are these districts .
These districts have plenty of amenities that will surprise you . From modern movie theaters to nice gyms , to excellent international food options .
Visa
You 'll need a pre-arranged visa on arrival before you get here . It sounds like a big deal , it 's not . You can use any number of services out there , and easily obtain a 3-month multiple entry visa .
They assist in gaining you approval . You print out your approval letter and take it to the immigration desk when you arrive at Tan Son Nhat International Airport ( SGN ) in Saigon .
When it comes time to renew your visa you can use a service here , and the nicest part is you do n't have to leave the country to renew it .
Co-Working
There are plenty of coworking spaces popping up . My favorite is the Dreamplex .
Saigon Master List
I began compiling a master list of some of my favorite places in Saigon . This should help you get set up :
Where to eat , work , play and shop in Saigon .
A final note :
It 's impossible to cover all the ins and outs here . Also , people 's perspectives vary , as does their taste levels . My idea of a high-standard of living may be radically different than that of yours .
I 've tried to paint a realistic picture of bootstrapping in Saigon . If I 'm off on anything my apologies .
2015 Update :
It has been over two years since I have written this article . It is in dire need of an update , as some things have changed , some things I was a bit naive about in this article .
One thing has n't changed .
I 'm still in Saigon . I still love it here . I 'm here for the long term .
I 've made great connections since then . I have a really good real estate guy I recommend . Get in touch with my buddy Barry on Facebook .
The visa situation has changed . Some places have come and gone since I wrote this article . You 'll have to do a little research on those points .
I will write an updated version of this article soon , but do n't want to disturb the rest of the contents here .
If you have any questions about Saigon or are in Saigon , hit me up on Twitter — @ jonmyers or we have a Facebook group called , The HochCoach or hit up on my personal website that is in need of an update — : ) JonMyers.com .
Safe travels .
KANSAS CITY ( Reuters ) - A devastating drought tightened its grip on Texas over the last week with more than half the state now suffering the most extreme level of drought measured by climatologists .
A report released Thursday from a consortium of national climate experts said over the last week , Texas saw the highest levels of drought - rated as “ exceptional ” - jump from 43.97 percent of the state to 50.65 percent of the state .
Meanwhile , to the north in Oklahoma , another key farming and ranching state , about 30 percent of the state continued to suffer severe and exceptional drought levels .
The drought conditions have ravaged the region , sparking thousands of wildfires , drying up grazing land needed for cattle , and ruining thousands of acres of wheat and other crops .
The biggest expansion of harsh conditions is in west Texas , including the Texas panhandle , said Texas state climatologist John Nielsen-Gammon . The situation will likely get worse before it gets better as summer heat sets in .
“ The biggest impact right now is in agriculture , ” they said . “ It is serious . ”
Though May rainfall totals are not confirmed yet , it is clear that only about 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 inches of rain fell across the state , which will make the March-May spring period the driest ever , said Nielsen-Gammon .
In San Antonio , for instance , from March through May , only 0.88 inches of rain fell , the second-driest such period since 1885 , with the driest being in 1961 , when only 0.52 inches of rain fell .
Del Rio , Texas , experienced its third-driest March to May period with only 1.12 inches of rain , the driest since 1906 , according to the drought report issued Thursday .
The persistent drought in the south comes even as too much rain has been falling to the north . Widespread showers and thunderstorms dropped 2-3 inches of moisture across parts of southern Nebraska , northern and central Kansas , and northeastern Colorado over the last week .
And in both North Dakota and South Dakota , flooding was prompting wide-spread evacuations .
Heavy rains and a deep melting snowpack from a snowy winter have led to historic water levels in the Missouri River basin and nearby river systems from Idaho to North Dakota and down through South Dakota .
Hear the radio version of this story .
The Nashville Predators are about to see significant savings in their electric bill – simply by switching out a few light bulbs .
Actually , it 's a bit more complicated than that . The Predators ripped out the old metal halide lights from the rafters and replaced them with half as many LED fixtures .
“ These LED lights — they do not emit heat off the lit part of the fixture . The old metal halides emit a lot of heat and that heat is projected down to the ice surface , ” said Tim Friedenberger , VP of facility operations for Bridgestone Arena and the Predators .
“ So , what this is going to allow us to do is hopefully create — I should n't say hopefully — it will allow us to create a better ice surface for our players . ”
And unlike the old lights which took five minutes to warm up , the new ones can turn on immediately . The lights can also change colors and create a strobe effect .
Ephesus Lighting installed the LEDs . The company previously installed a similar lighting system for the NHL 's Ottawa Senators .
The cooler lighting is part of $ 10 million worth of upgrades to the arena this season , including new seats , concession stands , restrooms and metal detectors .
The university that plans to rename its law school after Antonin Scalia is facing some inside resistance . On Wednesday , the faculty senate at George Mason University passed a resolution questioning whether they should be using the late Supreme Court justice 's name because of their reputation .
The resolution said Scalia made “ numerous public offensive comments ” about LGBTQ people , people of color , and women ; and said they were a polarizing figure to the detriment of the country , running “ counter to the values of a university that celebrates civil discourse. ” The faculty also voiced concern that using their name would rebrand George Mason as a conservative school , rather than as “ an unaligned body . ”
They also had a bit to say about the grant money tied into the name change . The resolution states school administrators did n't “ disclose the terms ” of the donation , which mandates it be used to hire 12 new teachers , as well as some other staff .
The Charles Koch Foundation and an anonymous conservative donated the $ 30 million , The New York Times reports , and the school announced the name change last month .
Right-wingers have had a hand in George Mason funding for a while . Koch has been a long-time donor to the school 's Law and Economics center , but it 's the recent gift that grabbed national attention .
“ Many of us have been watching this happening for a long time , ” Bethany Latiecq , professor of human development and family science , told The Times . “ But this just renews interest in the bigger picture , which is the Kochs ' influence in higher education and the decreasing influence of the faculty over decision making . ”
School administrators say concerns are overblown .
“ You need to really cut to the chase and ask : Is the naming of the Scalia Law School a signal to students that you have to have a particular viewpoint to attend , ” David K. Rehr , the law school 's senior associate dean , told The Times . “ I think emphatically and overwhelmingly the answer is no . ”
The State Council of Higher Education for Virginia is currently reviewing the name change proposal . If approved , George Mason University School of Law will become The Antonin Scalia Law School .
Opponents want to stop that , though . Professors told The Times that next week , the faculty senate will review a resolution to delay the name change .
Nominated by Republican President Ronald Reagan , Antonin Scalia served as an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1986 until their death in February .
[ screengrab via University of California Television ]
–
Follow Alberto Luperon on Twitter ( @ Alberto Luperon )
Microsoft is planning to make sure PC makers only install Windows 10 on new machines next year . On October 31st 2016 , OEMs like Dell , HP , and Lenovo will all have to stop shipping new PCs with Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 pre-installed . Instead , Microsoft wants all new machines to ship with Windows 10 . ZDNet points out that this is a little sooner than usual , as Microsoft normally sets an end-of-sales date for older versions of Windows two years after the launch of a new version .
Microsoft extended that policy during the Windows 8 era to allow PC makers to continue to pre-install Windows 7 . HP used the extension as a marketing effort to bring Windows 7 PCs back `` by popular demand . '' At the time the software maker said it would give OEMs a year 's notice , and it 's clear that Microsoft feeds confident enough with Windows 10 to push PC makers to preinstall it next year . It comes alongside Microsoft 's move to automatically download the Windows 10 install files to Windows 7 and Windows 8 machines next year . Consumers will still have a choice to upgrade , but Microsoft is being a lot more aggressive in its approach to reach 1 billion devices running Windows 10 .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Mitt Romney 's taxes are once again in the news thanks to Friday 's release of their full 2011 tax return . As with their 2010 filings , the documents highlight the GOP candidate 's extensive overseas holdings , which some tax experts believe has allowed them to lessen their tax liability . But the problem with Romney 's reliance on offshore tax havens goes beyond their own tax bill .
The Internal Revenue Service and many members of Congress have sought for years to close some of the loopholes that are draining billions of dollars from the federal treasury and shifting the tax burden from wealthy corporations to average individuals . Yet through their work at Bain Capital and their personal investments , Romney has supported a shadowy financial system with far-reaching ramifications for the US and foreign governments .
To date , Romney has refused to answer questions about why , for instance , they need to keep some of their money in places like Bermuda , rather than a bank in Belmont , Massachusetts , or in a US-based investment vehicle . When they dodge these types of questions , Romney 's not just depriving voters of critical information about their own taxes . He 's sidestepping a much larger policy question about this unaccountable financial system that has been a key driver of global inequality .
Offshore tax havens are better known for facilitating money laundering and tax evasion than legitimate business . They are jurisdictions that generally offer extremely low tax rates to foreign investors ( zero in the case of the Cayman Islands ) . They also offer sanctuary to people or entities looking to avoid other rules and regulations or seeking to shield their assets from lawsuits in their home countries . And , of course , tax havens provide secrecy . They hide owners , partners , and investors from tax authorities or jilted spouses and often refuse to comply with criminal investigations by other countries , which is one reason they 're popular with both drug kingpins and Americans tax evaders .
Romney has investments in a number of well known tax havens , including Ireland , Luxembourg , the Cayman Islands , and Bermuda . Until 2010 , they held a few million in the Swiss bank UBS , which in 2009 was forced to pay the US $ 780 million in fines and penalties for helping more than 17,000 Americans commit tax fraud by hiding as much as $ 20 billion overseas . The total value of Romney 's offshore investments is unknown , but their tax returns have revealed that they have at least $ 30 million invested in the Cayman Islands , in at least 12 different Bain Capital funds . When pressed about the relationship between their offshore investments and their low tax rate ( he paid 14.1 percent on $ 13 million in income , according to their 2011 tax return ) , Romney has largely declined to answer questions about their overseas holdings other than to say , “ I pay all the taxes that are legally required , not a dollar more. ” Romney has also denied getting tax benefits from their offshore accounts . They told Fox News , “ [ T ] here was no reduction , not one dollar reduction in taxes by virtue of having an account in Switzerland or a Cayman Islands investment . The dollars of taxes remained exactly the same . There were no tax savings at all . ”
Similarly , a Romney campaign spokesperson told Mother Jones that Romney 's foreign investments “ are taxed in the very same way they would be if the shares were held in the US rather than through a Cayman fund . No taxes are avoided or reduced . These funds are registered with the IRS and report all income to investors and the IRS , just like domestic funds . ”
Romney 's assertion that their offshore investments have not reduced their tax bill has been met with skepticism by tax experts . But assuming he 's telling the truth , their involvement in the offshore system and that of the company they started , Bain Capital , is still no less significant . That 's because while Romney may have done everything by the book with their offshore accounts , Bain 's other offshore investors may not have .
“ The Cayman Islands jurisdiction for the Bain funds primarily makes it easy for their investors to cheat on their taxes . ”
Bain 's has had investment funds located in the Cayman Islands since at least the 1990s , when Romney was still in charge . And the company has made clear that many of its funds there are designed to avoid US taxes . According to documents released by Gawker in August , one fund in which Romney still has money invested notes in a financial statement that it “ intends to conduct its operations so it will…not be subject to the United States federal income or withholding tax. ” *
“ The Cayman Islands jurisdiction for the Bain funds primarily makes it easy for their investors to cheat on their taxes , ” says Rebecca Wilkins , the senior counsel for federal tax policy at the nonprofit Citizens for Tax Justice . “ Because of that they can attract more investors and they can earn bigger management fees . “
Because of the secrecy laws in the Caymans and other offshore tax havens , Bain investors are hidden from tax authorities like the IRS . Unless they choose to report their holdings and income , as Romney has , there is no way for tax officials in the US or other countries to know that such holdings exist , much less find a way to tax them .
James Henry , a former chief economist at McKinsey & Co. , describes offshore tax havens like the “ bar scene in Star Wars. ” They explain , “ Dictators and kleptocrats used them to conceal stolen loot . Arms dealers and drug dealers use them to launder their deals . Google and Apple and Pfizer use them to park their intellectual property and pay themselves tax-free royalties . Banks use them to park lousy loans and stash the offshore accounts and assets under management of their wealthy individual clients , many of which are paying zero taxes back home…And so on . ”
Some of those sorts of shady clients have been part of Romney 's portfolio at Bain . Nicholas Shaxson has written one of the most comprehensive stories about Romney 's offshore investments in a lengthy article in the August issue of Vanity Fair . It explored the nature of some of Romney 's early Bain investors . They included the late Czech-born British media tycoon Robert Maxwell , a fraudster and notorious tax evader who put $ 2 million into one of Romney 's first Bain funds , as well as a trio of anonymous corporations from another notorious tax haven , Panama . Other early investors , according to numerous news accounts , were members of the wealthy Salvadoran oligarchy with ties to right-wing death squads . Romney has credited Salvadoran investors for helping them get their company off the ground .
A significant amount of Romney 's personal wealth is sequestered in this deeply opaque financial system that not only caters to the global über-rich but also is a leading cause of global inequality . The amount of money siphoned out of the US alone via tax havens is staggering . American corporations now have an estimated $ 1.7 trillion in foreign profits stashed offshore and beyond the reach of the IRS , according to various government estimates . American multinational companies now keep at least 60 percent of their cash offshore to avoid paying US taxes , according to a recent Senate report . The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations found that some companies , such as Hewlett-Packard and the pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson , keep almost all of their money offshore and rely on dubious methods to bring it back into the US without paying taxes . ( HP , according to the committee , uses an endless series of short-term loans from its offshore accounts to its US parent , a move that has saved the company billions in taxes . )
Romney , who has decried the 47 percent of Americans who do n't pay income taxes , has nevertheless championed the use of tax havens by American big businesses . They told donors gathered at an August fundraiser that one reason big businesses were thriving today was because they know how to avoid US taxes by going offshore . “ They know how to find ways to get through the tax code , save money by putting various things in the places where there are low tax havens around the world for their businesses , ” they said .
Meanwhile , the negative impact of these practices on the United States and other countries is significant . In 2008 , the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations released a report estimating that offshore tax havens were costing the US at least $ 100 billion a year in lost tax revenue . “ Tax havens are engaged in economic warfare against the United States , and the honest , hardworking American taxpayer is losing , ” the committee 's chairperson , Sen. Carl Levin ( D-Mich. ) , declared when the report was released . “ The iron ring of secrecy around tax haven banks and their deceptive banking practices enable and encourage tax cheats to hide assets from the United States . ”
“ The system of offshore tax havens is one of the greatest threats to the global economy : undermining markets , helping shift gargantuan quantities of wealth upwards from poor to rich , then wrapping up much of it in secrecy . ”
The use of offshore entities is one reason the US tax base has been shrinking dramatically over the past half century . In 1952 , at its peak , corporate taxes were responsible for more than 30 percent of all federal tax revenue ; today it makes up 9 percent . The burden of keeping government afloat , meanwhile , has fallen heavily on individual taxpayers as a result . In 1952 , according to a report from the Congressional Research Service , the payroll tax accounted for only about 10 percent of federal revenue ; today , it 's 40 percent .
Globally , the problem is even more severe . Just consider the case of tiny , impoverished El Salvador , whose wealthy oligarchs helped Romney launch Bain Capital . Between 2001 and 2008 , the US government gave El Salvador more than $ 500 million in foreign aid . During that same time , more than a billion dollars a year disappeared from the country from illicit outflows , including those to tax havens , according to the Global Financial Integrity program at George Washington University .
The Tax Justice Network estimates that the global superrich have stashed between $ 21 to $ 32 trillion in offshore tax havens , a figure almost twice as large the GDP of the United States . The group estimates that if the income on these investments were taxed at 30 percent , it would generate as much as $ 280 billion in revenue annually . That 's more than double what the world 's developed countries collectively spend on foreign aid . The lost tax revenue would be enough to pull many developing countries out of debilitating debt and greatly improve the quality of life of their citizens .
“ The system of offshore tax havens is one of the greatest threats to the global economy : undermining markets , helping shift gargantuan quantities of wealth upwards from poor to rich , then wrapping up much of it in secrecy , ” says John Christensen , who served for 11 years as the economic adviser for the British tax haven of Jersey and now works for the Tax Justice Network in London . Before becoming a whistleblower , Christensen helped clients in South Africa evade anti-apartheid sanctions and to dodge taxes , among other things .
“ The offshore system of secrecy jurisdictions is much bigger and many times badder than almost anyone realizes . To have a US president who is a serial user and abuser of offshore secrecy , and even a defender of secrecy jurisdictions , would pose frightening threats to the US and the global economy , ” they add .
While President Obama has n't been particularly successful in passing legislation in this area , they did outline a number of proposals to close loopholes in the US tax code that allow American companies to exploit offshore tax havens and avoid US taxes . Some of the measures would take aim at precisely the sorts of tricks Romney and Bain , and many others , have used .
Henry , the former McKinsey chief economist , notes that Romney 's involvement in offshore tax havens is no different from that of countless other high net worth individuals and investment firms . “ It seems a little naive to denounce Romney for going along with a game that has become standard practice for every single firm in their industry , ” they say . “ This would be like singling out some individual plantation owner and condemning them for not converting all their slaves to hired workers in 1860. ” The difference here , though , is that Romney is n't just any mast of high finance . He 's asking Americans to put them in charge of the country . And as Henry says , if Romney is elected , “ There is almost no chance that they would try to undermine this system . ”
* Update : A spokesperson for Bain Capital said in an email that “ the Cayman funds are partnerships , just like U.S. partnerships or S Corporations , and they pay no corporate taxes . Instead , partners pay 100 percent of their allocated taxes . Virtually all U.S. partnerships also do this . In other words there is no difference for a U.S. taxpayer between investing in a Bain Capital fund domiciled in the Cayman Islands and investing in a U.S. partnership . ”
Former New Mexico Gov . Gary Johnson is among the candidates who will face off during a debate of minor-party presidential candidates being moderated by Larry King online . ( Joe Burbank/AP )
Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson has been shut out of the presidential debate Wednesday night in Denver , but they have n't been shut down from offering their views on the issues facing the country . Johnson says they will provide live , online commentary in an effort to keep their name before the public via Twitter and other `` new media . ''
Johnson filed an antitrust suit last week alleging that the commission organizing the presidential debates and the major parties had conspired to prevent their participation . The suit has n't been officially resolved , and only President Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney are being allowed to participate Wednesday night .
Johnson backers hope that they will be included in the last two presidential debates , in New York and Florida later this month , but prospects for that happening appear to be remote at best .
Johnson , the former two-term governor of New Mexico , sought the Republican presidential nomination earlier this year but dropped out and ran as a libertarian after their GOP campaign went nowhere .
They advocate very deep cuts in federal spending , a rollback of regulations , and a pullback of U.S. troops from around the world , including those stationed in Afghanistan .
They have been touring college campuses in an attempt to create a surge of support from young people . Johnson hopes to tap into the youth vote and other constituencies that backed Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , a libertarian who ran unsuccessfully for the GOP presidential nomination .
In a recent interview , Johnson told me that if they do well in the November election , they will probably run as a libertarian again in 2016 .
Ken Walsh covers the White House and politics for U.S. News . They write a daily blog , `` Ken Walsh 's Washington , '' for usnews.com , and is the author of `` The Presidency '' column for the U.S. News Weekly . They can be reached at kwalsh @ usnews.com and on Facebook and Twitter .
Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE DefSemiHidden= '' true '' DefQFormat= '' false '' DefPriority= '' 99 '' LatentStyleCount= '' 267 '' > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Normal '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' heading 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Title '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Subtitle '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Strong '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Emphasis '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Table Grid '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' No Spacing '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' List Paragraph '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Quote '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Intense Quote '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid Accent 1 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid Accent 2 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid Accent 3 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid Accent 4 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid Accent 5 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Shading Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light List Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Light Grid Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 1 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Shading 2 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 1 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium List 2 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 1 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 2 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Medium Grid 3 Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Dark List Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Shading Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful List Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' Name= '' Colorful Grid Accent 6 '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Subtle Emphasis '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Intense Emphasis '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Subtle Reference '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Intense Reference '' / > UnhideWhenUsed= '' false '' QFormat= '' true '' Name= '' Book Title '' / >
The man — or woman — in the street probably does not think much about sovereignty . Yet the true meaning of this word will be at the heart of the referendum campaign on whether we should remain in , or leave , the European Union .
It is the debate we should have had in 1972 , when Parliament passed the European Community Act . The then Conservative government led by Edward Heath skilfully evaded the issue — and that is putting it politely .
On yesterday 's Andrew Marr Show , the current Tory leader and PM , David Cameron , dismissed the presenter 's question about whether we , the British people , would regain sovereignty if we were to vote to leave the EU , arguing : ‘ That might give you a feeling of sovereignty , but it would be an illusion of sovereignty . '
Cameron went on to say that the real meaning of sovereignty was ‘ the ability to get things done ' .
Scroll down for video
On yesterday 's Andrew Marr Show ( pictured ) , David Cameron , dismissed the presenter 's question about whether we , the British people , would regain sovereignty if we were to vote to leave the EU
This was a pathetic response from a man who got a first-class degree in Politics , Philosophy and Economics from Oxford .
Sir Noel Malcolm , that great university 's most distinguished historian of such matters , set out the truth in their 1991 work , Sense On Sovereignty : ‘ What qualifies a state as sovereign is a matter of plenary and exclusive competence , of enjoying full authority internally and not being subordinated to the authority of another state . '
On that basis , the British Parliament and Government are not sovereign .
Inadequate
This was laid bare with devastating clarity by the Lord Chancellor , Michael Gove , when they gave their reasons for joining the campaign to leave the EU : ‘ As a minister , I 've seen hundreds of new EU rules cross my desk , none of which were requested by the UK Parliament , none of which I or any other British politician could alter in any way and none of which made us freer , richer or fairer .
‘ It is hard to overstate the degree to which the EU is a constraint on ministers ' ability to do the things that we were elected to do . '
They went on : ‘ Every single day , every single minister is told , “ Yes Minister , I understand , but that is against EU rules. ” I know it . My colleagues in Government know it . And the British people ought to know it , too : your government is not , ultimately , in control in hundreds of areas that matter . '
Michael Gove , pictured yesterday after joining the campaign to leave , said hundreds of new EU rules pass that ministers can do nothing about
And with that , David Cameron 's response to Andrew Marr was exposed by their close friend as not just pathetically inadequate , but as the complete opposite of the truth : for it is within the EU that Britain has ‘ the illusion of sovereignty ' .
Funnily enough , it was an earlier Lord Chancellor , Lord Dilhorne , who told the truth ( but in a private note ) to their party leader Harold Macmillan , in 1962 , when that Conservative Prime Minister was preparing the ground to apply for membership of the Common Market : ‘ These organs have supra-national powers which override those of the national constitutional bodies , and which are also incapable of challenge in the national courts of the member states . '
As the late Hugo Young , in their masterly history of the UK 's involvement with the EU , This Blessed Plot , observed : ‘ No more limpid statement of lost independence is to be found from beginning to end of this history . '
Young was a strong supporter of British EU membership , which made their book 's revelations about the process by which Edward Heath persuaded Parliament to pass the 1972 European Community Act all the more telling : ‘ Phrases were dreamed up that could mean all things to all men and women . “ There is no question of any erosion of essential national sovereignty ” , the government White Paper ( proposing entry ) said .
‘ So “ essential ” glided into the vocabulary of reassurance . It offered the government deniability . For who could ever say the promise had been broken ? '
Young 's forensic account went on : ‘ This tendency continued in the House of Commons debates of 1971-2 . Ministers did not lie , but they avoided telling the full truth . They refrained from stating categorically that the law of the European Community would have supremacy over British law .
‘ This was a conscious , much deliberated choice . Spelled out in a clause that had to be openly debated and passed , Community supremacy would have had explosive possibilities . '
Astounding
Young also spoke to one of the parliamentary draftsmen who crafted this legislation : this unnamed law officer recalled that they had been told to ‘ tread carefully ' , as full and open admission of what was being done to parliamentary sovereignty would have been ‘ so astounding ' as to have put the whole Bill in danger .
As we know , it passed ; though later , Sir Geoffrey Howe , who was the government law officer in charge of the process , wrote in a private letter to a colleague : ‘ I remain at least plausibly exposed to the charge that less of our thinking than was appropriate was explicitly exposed to the House of Commons . ' This was Howe-ese for ‘ we pulled the wool over their eyes ' .
Sir Geoffrey Howe ( pictured ) wrote in a private letter to a colleague : ‘ I remain at least plausibly exposed to the charge that less of our thinking than was appropriate was explicitly exposed to the House of Commons . '
A few years later , in 1975 , these matters were actually exposed to full public debate , when Harold Wilson ( like Cameron , for the purely political reason of appeasing their own party ) launched a referendum on whether the UK should stay in or leave what was then known as the Common Market .
But as another brilliant Oxford academic , Professor Iain McLean , points out in their book What 's Wrong With The British Constitution ? , the 1975 campaigners for exit ‘ threw away not just the ace of trumps but their entire trump suit … by concentrating on the European Parliament and ignoring the European Court of Justice and the effect of the 1972 Act ' .
It is those , declares Professor McLean , which ‘ have destroyed British parliamentary sovereignty ' .
The government at the time put out a leaflet which asked ‘ Will Parliament lose its power ? ' , and answered its own question with ‘ No ' , on the grounds that ‘ No important new policy can be decided in Brussels … without the consent of a British Minister answerable to a British Government and British Parliament ' .
The late Hugo Young ( pictured ) wrote a book about Britain 's relationship with the EU , and said politicians in 1971 and 72 did not tell the public Europe would have supremacy over British law
That would have been the case if the British Government were able to exercise a veto against any ‘ important new policy ' and if all such proposals required unanimity at the Council of Ministers in Brussels .
But since the passing of the Single European Act in 1988 , so-called qualified majority voting has been the method by which these matters are settled .
Torrent
Over the past two decades there have been 72 occasions on which the UK has opposed a measure in the Council of Ministers . On every single one of those occasions , we have been outvoted .
This is the true measure of the extent to which we are really , as Cameron claims , ‘ exercising influence in Europe ' .
And the scale of this torrent of unwanted measures from Brussels has become vast . As the Conservative minister Dominic Raab said yesterday : ‘ More than 60 per cent of UK laws are now made in , or derive from , the EU . Can we realistically expect such laws to reflect what Britons want , now they are the product of haggling with 27 governments and a European Commission of 33,000 civil servants ? '
Some of these laws actually cost lives . Britain 's most prolific cancer researcher , Professor Angus Dalgleish , told me that the EU 's Clinical Trials Directive had increased the cost of their experiments more than ten-fold .
And they pointed out last month that ‘ the unfathomable amount of EU regulation and bureaucracy has led to a third less clinical studies taking place in Britain . We were world-leading in these studies , but because of EU regulation , we now lag behind the United States . '
As with other more mundane matters , such as the EU-led requirement which affects how we are allowed to dispose of our household rubbish , it is absurd to exchange our autonomy for a marginal share of ‘ influence ' on the other 27 countries of the EU — when no British voter could care how the citizens of , say , Luxembourg , dispose of their household refuse .
It is at this common-sense level that those arguing for Brexit should couch the debate .
As Sir Noel Malcolm suggested to me yesterday , in the wake of David Cameron 's shameless manipulation of the English language : ‘ The word “ sovereignty ” is more trouble than it 's worth . Leave- campaigners should use “ self-governing democracy ” , which makes the same point .
‘ Indeed , it would be refreshing to hear the other side say explicitly why they are against democratic self-government . '
Former leader of the Minuteman border vigilante group and Fox News favorite , Chris Simcox , was sentenced Monday to 19.5 years in prison for molesting two little girls under the age of 10 years old .
Fox News devoted a lot of airtime to the now convicted child molester during a time when they were rallying ( unsuccessfully ) to unseat Senator John McCain due to their “ lenience ” when it came to immigration policy . In the segments that Simcox participated in on Fox News they claimed that people were excited about their campaign and donating generously . They also enjoyed talking about their time as an elementary school teacher , which is absolutely horrifying , in hindsight , considering that he 's now a convicted child molester .
Monday in Phoenix Chris Simcox was sentenced to nearly 20 years in prison for their crimes :
‘ Chris Simcox , the former leader of the Minuteman border vigilante group , was sentenced to 19.5 years in prison Monday , bringing an end to a sex-abuse case involving two girls under 10 . A Maricopa County Superior Court jury found Simcox , 55 , guilty last month on two counts of child molestation and one count of furnishing obscene material to a minor after a three-week trial . '
In a decidedly poor decision Simcox chose to represent themselves at trial and wanted to interrogate the girls , now ages 9 years old and 10 years old . Despite the fact that he 's been so vocal , proposing conspiracies against him , Simcox chose not to address the court at Monday 's sentencing .
According to the prosecutor in the case :
‘ He is not to be trusted within society . They are not to be trusted with children… They should be kept away from children for as long as possible . '
Even Simcox ex-wife said that they thought they were a “ dangerous predator. ” The child they were convicted of molesting was a close friend of the couple 's two young daughters .
Chris Simcox is n't the only member of the Arizona militia to reveal their true colors . They join a list of creeps who 've done everything from molestation to murder .
Good riddance .
Here 's a jailhouse interview from AZ Central in which Simcox explained their defense strategy , maintaining that they were innocent :
Featured Image via Getty Images
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Tens of thousands of people , joined by Catholic church leaders , marched in cities across France on Saturday to protest against government plans to legalize same-sex marriage .
A man holds a sign which reads `` Homophobia kills '' during a protest supporting a draft law to allow same-sex marriage in Lyon November 17 , 2012 . France 's Socialist government approved a draft law to allow same-sex marriage , saying the reform , under fire from religious leaders and conservative politicians , meant progress for the whole society . The law would grant gay couples the right to adopt children but not to use assisted procreation methods such as artificial insemination . Parliament is due to vote on it by mid-2013 . REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Demonstrators , holding banners with slogans such as “ do n't touch civil marriage ” , “ all born from the union of a man and a woman ” and “ one father + one mother for all children ” , took to the streets in Paris , Lyon , Marseille and other major towns .
The organization behind the protests , called “ Demos for All ” in imitation of the “ marriage for all ” call of gay-marriage campaigners , claims the Socialist government 's reforms , which polls indicate have popular support , would threaten “ major and dangerous upheaval ” .
The organizers said 200,000 people demonstrated in the French capital , compared with a police estimate of 70,000 .
France 's National Assembly is due to start examining the proposed law allowing same-sex marriage in January , with a vote expected in mid-2013 . It would grant gay couples the right to adopt children but not to use assisted procreation methods .
Recent polls show the majority of French people support gay marriage , though not the right for homosexual couples to adopt .
France 's top Catholic prelate , Paris Cardinal Andre Vingt-Trois , earlier this month criticised the government for forging ahead with the plans at a time when the country faced urgent economic concerns .
Pope Benedict told French bishops visiting the Vatican on Saturday not to be “ afraid ” of spreading Christian teachings .
“ In the important debates about society , the voice of the church must make itself heard relentlessly and with determination , ” they said .
The Vatican pledged this month never to stop fighting attempts to “ erase ” the privileged role of heterosexual marriage , which it called “ an achievement of civilization ” .
Jean-Francois Cope , who is hoping to become leader of the opposition centre-right UMP party in an internal contest with ex-Prime Minister Francois Fillon on Sunday , sent a letter of support to the protesters .
While they said they would not join them , other elected UMP representatives and mayors were among demonstrators in Paris .
Lyon Cardinal Philippe Barbarin , who has said marriage was defined at the very start of the Bible as created by God to join man and woman , was one of around 10,000 protesters in that city , according to figures from the organizers .
“ I 'm here like everyone else , like the Protestants , the Catholics , the Muslims , the philosophers , it 's a message to politicians so that a debate is organized on such a fundamental issue , ” they said , adding that they had come as a “ simple citizen ” .
The archbishop of Toulouse , Robert Le Gall , joined 10,000 there , according to organizers . Police said there were 5,000 .
Getty Images
Former NFL quarterback Jeff Garcia working with Jets starter-for-now Mark Sanchez seems like a legitimate opportunity for a man well-versed in the West Coast Offense to share their wisdom .
Throw in JaMarcus Russell , and it sounds like a punch line that 's looking for a joke .
But Garcia said they were impressed with the work Sanchez was doing , as they get used to the changes new offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg is bringing to the Jets .
“ He 's doing an excellent job — the progress Mark has made over the past three weeks is definitely very positive , ” Garcia told Jim Corbett of USA Today . “ It shows Mark is committed to bettering themselves and getting themselves more mentally prepared .
“ The most important thing for Mark is to take that tough season last year as a learning experience from the standpoint of how they can get better and give their team the best chance to win . That has to be done in terms of being confident in their ability to run this system and speak the language correctly . So now when they take the field in OTAs , he 'll be in that much more comfortable of a place . ”
Garcia 's a good tutor for the system , and they threw for career-best numbers under Mornhinweg 's tutelage in San Francisco in 2000 .
“ Marty and I communicated a few weeks ago [ about ] what he 'd like to introduce to Mark , ” Garcia said . “ Mark is definitely getting more comfortable speaking the West Coast terminology . They had a brief glimpse of the West Coast system at USC .
“ The toughest thing is this will be Mark 's third offensive coordinator in six seasons . The guy has had to learn a new system just about every other year . From a consistency standpoint , that just does n't translate to success in the NFL . You really need to be secure in what you 're doing mentally in order to compete at the highest level . ”
Speaking of which , Garcia said Russell 's trying to get in shape for a pro day in a month or so , hoping to get another chance .
“ Granted their back is against the wall , ” Garcia said of the former first-overall pick . “ This is a situation where if they do n't do it now , it may never happen . But if you look at where they were two months ago to where they are today , he 's come a long way in demanding more out of themselves than they ever did . ”
If they had done that the first time through , they might not be a reclamation case .
Miss me yet ? Yeah , heh heh . You miss me .
“ I wish they were n't called the Bush tax cuts , ” the former president said as they kicked off the Bush Institute Conference on Taxes and Economic Growth in New York City . “ If they 're called some other body 's tax cuts , they 're probably less likely to be raised. ” They added : “ If you raise taxes , you 're taking money out of the pockets of consumers . ”
George W. Bush talks about their legacy So there you have it . Bush finally expresses some remorse for something , but it turns out it 's not over their stupid tax cuts wrecking the budget , ballooning the deficit , and generally prepping America for its uncomfortable handbasket ride to the netherworld . No , it 's because the Bush family name sucks so bad ( for some unknown reason that they can not possibly fathom ) that things associated with it are less popular than they really ought to be .
You young 'uns might not remember it , since all of this nation 's past political history was lost in a freak accident sometime during 2008 ( all that remains is some vague recollection of Ronald Reagan saying things , that one time ) , but I remember during the 2000 campaign when Al Gore was campaigning on the notion that maybe we ought to practice a little fiscal responsibility ( he was derided for it , because years ago all of Washington punditry decided that just getting really , really effing drunk for a few decades and phoning shit in would get them just as far as giving a flying damn ) , and George W. Bush prattled on about how we should n't be paying down the deficit because that was `` yer '' money , not the `` gubbermint 's '' money , and ideas like investing in the nation 's infrastructure , or the nation 's people , or even , yes , just paying down the deficit was ridiculous drivel not to be taken seriously . They were going to be the CEO president , you see , and run America like a business .
As it turned out , that meant downsizing the crap out of us , funneling the profits to the executive class , and rewritin ' some laws to make being rich and crooked a bit more legal , which is pretty much exactly what you 'd expect of a `` CEO president '' —so you ca n't say they did n't warn us . Oh , and back then we all had onions tied to our belts , which was the style at the time .
Where was I ? Ah , right . Reminiscing about the before-times with America 's Worst President . Well , he 's got an Institute now , which seems damn appropriate , but he 's using it to talk about Taxes and Economic Growth , which strikes me as only a little more insane than expecting a taxidermied lemur teach you how to do algebra . I have a lovely conspiracy theory about this , which is that Mitt Romney is secretly pressuring George W. Bush to give more public speeches just so Mitt can look better by comparison ( hey , Republicans , at least I 'm not this guy , amiright ? Now vote for me , dammit ! ) , but the margins of this post are too small to contain it .
At the centre of our galaxy sits a black hole about a million times more massive than our Sun . Called Sagittarius A * or Sgr A * , this supermassive black hole is remarkably quiet compared to the ones we can see in other galaxies .
That passivity is almost certainly temporary . The centre of the Milky Way is crowded with stars ; so crowded , in fact , that astronomers think that one must plunge into this black hole every 100,000 years or so .
When that happens , Sgr A * belches x-rays and other frequencies in a dramatic display of galactic fireworks . Indeed , last month , we looked at evidence that the last flare up occurred only a few hundred years ago .
In the meantime , however , Sgr A * just rumbles away . About once a day it emits tiny flares of x-rays and infrared light that are many orders of magnitude smaller than those caused by the death of a star .
But although small , the flare are still up to 100 times brighter than Sgr A * 's background emissions . That raises an obvious question : what 's causing this daily grumbling ?
Today , Kastytis Zubovas , at the University of Leicester in the UK , and a couple of pals say they know . These guys think the small flares are the death throes of planets and asteroids as they fall into Sgr A * .
Astronomers have long thought that a black hole ought to be surrounded by a torus of dust and gas . This stuff is probably a mixture of primordial grime and the remnants of long-eaten stars .
In many ways , these clouds are similar to those that form around emerging stars . Astronomers know these condense into planets and asteroids . So it 's not much a stretch to imagine that the same processes can occur around black holes too .
Consequently , many astrophysicists now think black holes must have their own systems of planets , asteroids and Oort-type clouds , just like stars .
Whenever these clouds are disrupted , perhaps by a star as it plunges to its death , asteroids , comets and even entire planets can be hurled inwards , towards the black hole and the deaths of these objects should generate flares , albeit small ones .
Zubovas and co have worked out the energetics of these processes . They say the daily flares that erupt from Sgr A * are exactly the size you 'd expect from the death throes of asteroids upwards of 10 kilometres across .
Planets could also come to grief in a similar process , although Zubovas and co say these kinds of events are probably as rare as the death of stars . But they happen , we will be able to witness the death of an entire planet and everything on it .
If this kind of thinking is correct , the rumblings at the centre of our galaxy will give astronomers a new way to examine conditions there . The size and frequency of the flares will indicate the mass and distribution of asteroids around our supermassive black hole , perhaps revealing some of the true complexity and richness of the most exotic region of our galaxy .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1110.6872 : Sgr A∗ Flares : Tidal Disruption Of Asteroids And Planets ?
Posters glorifying North Korea 's ruling Korean Workers ' Party are being defaced across the country in a wave of popular resentment against burdens imposed in preparation for celebrations marking the 70th anniversary of the party 's founding , North Korean sources say .
Graffiti attacks against the posters were first noticed in South Pyongan province 's Pyongsong city during regional elections in July , a source in neighboring Jagang province told RFA 's Korean Service .
And despite a recently publicized order from national leader Kim Jong-un threatening harsh punishment for the attacks , “ These acts of vandalism have continued until the present time , ” RFA 's source said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
The number of incidents is now increasing because residents of the reclusive nuclear-armed state are angered at their exploitation by the country 's central government as it prepares for elaborate celebrations , including a massive military parade , in the capital Pyongyang on Oct. 10 , they said .
On Sept. 9 , a poster was found damaged in Pyongsong , with references on the poster to the country as “ the victor ” changed to “ the defeated , ” a source in Yanggang province told RFA .
Two other posters were found later that night to have also been defaced , the source said , speaking on condition they not be named .
'The best target '
“ When news of the Pyongsong incidents spread , more cases of the vandalism of posters promoting the 70th anniversary of the [ North ] Korean Workers ' Party began to take place nationwide , ” the source said .
By publicizing news of the graffiti attacks , and threatening to harshly punish those found responsible , the government has shown North Korea 's people “ the best target ” for their anger against the regime , they said .
Reports in recent months indicate that North Korea 's regime has badly miscalculated the country 's readiness to mark the founding of its ruling party .
Traffic from the provinces to the capital Pyongyang has been severely restricted in recent weeks , and households around the country were instructed in August to pay around 40 yuan ( U.S. $ 6.30 ) to support training for a military parade and finance new construction projects ahead of the celebrations .
Also in August , sources told RFA that authorities in North Hamgyong province were punishing those committing misdemeanors—such as riding bicycles without bells—with labor duty as they race to complete unfinished development projects before Saturday .
Reported by Sung-Hui Moon for RFA 's Korean Service . Translated by Hee Jung Yang . Written in English by Richard Finney .
Amid calls for Dinkytown to be historically designated , the city 's heritage preservation commission voted Tuesday to block demolition of two commercial buildings that were needed to make way for a hotel .
The final decision will almost inevitably fall to the City Council , which hears appeals of commission votes . At issue is a six-story boutique hotel that developer Kelly Doran has proposed building on 4th Street SE between 13th and 14th Avenues SE .
The commission voted to deny demolition of 1319 4th Street SE and 1315 4th Street SE , despite staff recommendations for approval . Those properties currently house Camdi Vietnamese restaurant , Mesa Pizza , Dinkytown Tattoo , Publika coffee shop and the University LifeCare Center
Several commission members said while the buildings themselves are fairly mundane , they may contribute to a historically significant district . Dinkytown has not been designated as a historic district , but neighbors are pushing for such protections .
“ I 'm concerned about us looking at the buildings one at a time , '' said commission member Sue Hunter Weir . `` I know we do that , but we 've run into this problem before….You start chipping away at buildings , then you destroy the context , and then that becomes the reason for more demolitions . You say , 'There is no context , because everything they contributed is gone . ' ”
Supporters of demolition said that people , rather than buildings , make Dinkytown historic .
“ What makes it historical is the things that have transpired in the area , but not the buildings , '' said Mike Mulrooney , owner of the nearby Blarney Pub .
As with many areas of the city , parking was also a concern of project opponents . The hotel proposal includes one level of underground parking .
`` We are concerned that the proposed development exacerbates a parking problem for the neighbors of the development , namely our congregation and those who work and worship with us , '' said Pastor Douglas Donley of University Baptist Church .
Here are the buildings in question :
Colin Perkel , The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- A former top CBC executive who became a casualty of the Jian Ghomeshi scandal is suing the broadcaster for wrongful dismissal , saying they were scapegoated for political reasons .
In a statement of claim rejected by the CBC , Todd Spencer says they were shocked when they were fired in April 2015 .
`` The CBC terminated Spencer 's employment for cause for political reasons , and has publicly used Spencer as a scapegoat for the Ghomeshi affair , '' their unproven claim states .
`` CBC fired them to send a message to the Canadian public that the CBC takes matters of workplace harassment seriously . ''
According to their claim , the CBC told the human resources executive director that they had failed or refused to investigate allegations , and lied or withheld information from management .
`` Spencer assumed the majority of these false allegations were about the Ghomeshi affair , but given the vague and generic nature of the allegations , ( he ) does not know what the allegations refer to , '' they say .
Things began to unravel for the successful executive in May 2014 when a freelance journalist complained about Ghomeshi 's `` sexual preferences and treatment of women . '' At the time , Ghomeshi was the star host of the radio show `` Q . ''
Spencer , 45 , of Toronto , says Chris Boyce , then head of radio who was also fired , told them about the complaint and they began to investigate informally .
They say they told a higher up that Heather Conway , executive vice-president of English services , was `` leading the decision making '' on the Ghomeshi file . They also claim top CBC management , including president Hubert Lacroix , were `` deeply involved with and aware of '' how they were handling the situation .
The CBC fired Ghomeshi in October 2014 after seeing what it called `` graphic evidence '' that they had injured a woman . The popular host had said publicly they enjoyed `` rough sex '' but that it was always consensual .
Amid mounting criticism of how it had handled the scandal , CBC retained lawyer Janice Rubin to look into the situation in November 2014 . In January 2015 , it announced it was putting Spencer on paid leave during their investigation .
Spencer says Roula Zaarour , another vice-president , told them they needed a break , while Conway said the forced leave was because of `` inconsistencies '' in what they had told them during their probe of the Ghomeshi allegations . They felt `` abandoned , '' they say in the claim .
Rubin 's report in April 2015 criticized the broadcaster for its internal failings in dealing with the scandal .
In its statement of defence filed this month , CBC faults Spencer 's investigation .
`` Spencer determined that there had not been any inappropriate conduct in the CBC workplace by Ghomeshi , '' the defence statement says . `` CBC reasonably relied on this determination . ''
During its own investigation , CBC says it uncovered `` serious issues of concern : '' Spencer 's probe was shoddy , they lied about what they had done , they claimed to have met with two employees before concluding there had been no misconduct when they had not done so , and hid information from their superiors , the broadcaster says .
The overall result , CBC says , was that it was fully justified in firing him .
`` Spencer 's conduct was fundamentally incompatible with continued employment , '' the broadcaster maintains .
Spencer 's claim , not tested in any court and first reported by the National Post , was filed in March and seeks a total of $ 640,000 in lieu of notice , breach of contract and damages , and an unspecified amount for loss of pension benefits .
They first joined the CBC in 1984 as a part-time editorial assistant . They rose through the ranks before leaving in 1997 to work in Hong Kong , joining CNN International . They returned to Canada in 2004 and became CBC 's director of radio operations , taking on increasingly higher-level duties before being named to lead human resources in June 2013 for about $ 260,000 a year .
Ghomeshi was acquitted earlier this year of sexual assault and choking charges . A separate sexual assault charge related to a former `` Q '' co-worker was withdrawn this month when they apologized to them in court and signed a peace bond .
Yahoo Mail is purportedly locking out people who use ad-blockers .
According to a post on Adblock Plus ' message boards , a Yahoo user noticed the issue on Google Chrome when trying to access email this morning , posting this screenshot :
“ Yeah , whatever Yahoo , ” the person mused , adding that two other people noticed the issue , too .
Yahoo 's tactic is n't going over well to the few people left that use its mail service , as evidenced by this Twitter search :
please disable ad blocker to view yahoo mail ? how about eat a dick . # gmailforever # fuckoffyahoo # bye — Lexi Status ( @ Lexistatus ) November 19 , 2015
LOL – Fuck you Yahoo Mail for trying to get me to turn off my ad-blocker . You can kiss my ass with that bullshit . — batman ( @ d_batman_b ) November 19 , 2015
“ please disable ad blocker to continue using yahoo mail ” how about no . do you want me to stop using yahoo mail ? ? cause this is a good start — Timmay ( @ RunLikeDeer ) November 19 , 2015
So @ YahooMail has blocked my inbox for using an ad blocker . It was a good run , I guess . Goodbye ! Hello Apple Mail , as much as I hate it . — Andrei Herasimchuk ( @ Trenti ) November 19 , 2015
Ha . Yahoo Mail is hiding my email window because I have the gall to use an Ad Blocker . Yeah fuck off you killed Geocities . Deal with it . — Foxhack / Dave Silva ( @ Foxhack ) November 19 , 2015
Yikes — some of us are still mad about Geocities , dying , huh ?
Yahoo joins other publishers and brands are slowly doing the same of locking out users from accessing their content . City AM , a London-based newspaper , started a trial this week barring ad-block users from reading it unless they disable it . The Washington Post is also experimenting with a similar tactic .
“ They 're likely testing this particular approach , banning ad blocker users , on their email service because they know their users will be forced to disable their ad blocker if they want to check their emails within their web browser , ” Tom Yeomans , CEO of Yavli , a company that makes technology to subvert ad blockers , told Digiday .
“ Their users ' email account content are unique to them , so it 's different from news content where they can visit a competing website to get a same or similar experience. ” They added that it 's a “ dangerous activity ” that could prompt users to flee to competing services .
The move comes as Yahoo 's advertising revenue is dwindling . Its third-quarter earnings painted another disappointing picture for the struggling company under Marissa Mayer 's leadership . Yahoo recently struck an agreement with Google power some of its advertising and search results .
Yahoo did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
Ricardo Bilton contributed to this report .
President-elect Donald Trump . Reuters/Mike Segar President-elect Donald Trump turned to Twitter on Thursday to call for the US to increase the capability of its nuclear arsenal .
`` The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes , '' Trump wrote on the social media platform .
Russia on Thursday also called for strengthening `` the military potential of strategic nuclear forces '' in the country .
Trump 's proclamation comes one day after they met with top Pentagon officials , including the Air Force deputy chief of staff for strategic deterrence and nuclear integration , a post that broadly oversees the Air Force 's nuclear weapons capabilities .
They tweeted after the Wednesday meeting that they were impressed with the people they met .
Earlier this year , the Obama administration proposed a $ 348 billion plan to upgrade the US nuclear arsenal over the next 10 years to improve the missiles and warheads and improve delivery systems aboard submarines and aircraft .
Trump 's tweet was n't the first time he 's promoted expanding nuclear weapons broadly .
During the presidential campaign , Trump said they could support countries like Japan and South Korea developing their own nuclear weapons , a move that many experts said could create a strategic arms race in Asia and the Middle East .
Kingston Reif , the director for disarmament and threat-reduction policy at the Arms Control Association , called Trump 's pro-proliferation stance `` irresponsible . ''
`` The US needs to be playing an even more active role than it is currently playing in reducing nuclear buildup , and Trump 's comments will not make that job any easier , '' Reif told Business Insider in March .
Trump 's position on nuclear weapons has been inconsistent .
They said during the campaign that they want to be `` unpredictable '' in their decisions regarding nuclear weapons , but has also said that they would like `` everybody to end it , just get rid of '' nuclear weapons . They said in September that `` once the nuclear alternative happens , it 's over , '' but that they still did n't want to `` take anything off the table . ''
And last month , they tweeted that they `` never said '' that more countries should acquire nuclear weapons .
Updated at 3:11 p.m . ET
( CBS/AP ) BEIJING - The U.S. and China forged the outlines of a deal Friday to end a diplomatic standoff over legal activist Chen Guangcheng that would let them travel to the U.S. with their family for a university fellowship .
After days of behind-the-scenes talks , reversals and emotional calls by Chen from a guarded hospital room , the U.S. and China made a series of announcements signaling a logjam had been broken .
The Chinese Foreign Ministry said Chen can apply for travel permits to study abroad . An American university has offered Chen a fellowship with provisions for their family , State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said , adding that the U.S. expects Beijing to quickly process their travel permits , after which U.S. visas would be granted .
`` Over the course of the day , progress has been made to help them have the future that they want , and we will be staying in touch with them as this process moves forward , '' U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said , speaking to reporters after two days of annual strategic talks in Beijing .
China dissident behind standoff known as idealist
Clinton cites progress in Chinese activist 's case
Gibbs : U.S. has `` genuine concern '' for Chen 's safety
Jerome Cohen , a New York University law professor who has been advising Chen during the negotiations , said Chen had been offered an invitation to the university 's U.S.-Asia Law Institute . Asked if Chen would accept , Cohen said : `` I think they will , '' but added : `` I do n't know whether they want to come to New York or not . They may have a lot of other alternatives . ''
In a written statement , NYU spokesperson John Beckman said , `` Chen Guangcheng has long-established relationships with faculty at the NYU School of Law and has an invitation to be a visiting scholar at NYU -- either in New York or at one of our other global sites . As a visiting scholar , they would be working with our law programs and scholars . ''
The emerging deal over Chen 's future showed renewed resolve by Washington and Beijing to end one of their most delicate diplomatic crises in years .
Dealing with Chen 's case quickly allows the governments to focus on managing the larger irritants over trade , Syria , Iran and North Korea that bedevil relations between the world 's largest economies , one a superpower , the other its up-and-coming rival .
A blind , self-taught lawyer and symbol in China 's civil rights movement , Chen triggered the standoff after they escaped abusive house arrest in their rural town and sought refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing last week .
They left six days later under a negotiated deal in which they and their family were to be reunited at a hospital and then safely relocated in China so they can formally study law . But they then upended the agreement by saying they wanted to go abroad .
Obstacles to getting Chen out of China remain . Key among then is whether they would have to return to their home county in Shandong province to apply for a passport . Though a usual procedure , it would potentially expose them to retribution from the local officials who kept them and their family under brutal house arrest for their activism that exposed forced abortions and other misdeeds .
After emerging from the embassy and arriving at Chaoyang Hospital on Wednesday for treatment of an injury , Chen said they had no further direct contact with U.S. officials for nearly two days , fueling a sense of abandonment and fears about the safety of him , their wife and two children .
`` I can only tell you one thing . My situation right now is very dangerous , '' Chen said told The Associated Press earlier Friday .
However , Clinton said that Ambassador Gary Locke spoke with Chen on Friday and that embassy staff and a doctor met him . `` He confirms that they and their family now want to go to the United States so that they can pursue their studies , '' Clinton said .
Medical checkups showed their health is good other than three broken bones in their foot suffered when they were escaping form their rural village , a senior State Department official said .
Hospital staff brought their children new clothes , cut their hair and gave their son a present for their birthday , the official said . The son is believed to be around 10 , the official and family friends said , a vagueness that is typical in rural China where tradition means birthdays are celebrated at the Lunar New Year .
Chen could not immediately be reached for their response to the latest developments .
Their earlier pleas for U.S. sanctuary , delivered via conversations with The Associated Press , other foreign media and friends , have resonated around the world and even become part of Washington politics in a presidential election year .
On Thursday , they called in to a congressional hearing in Washington , telling lawmakers they wanted to meet U.S. Secretary of State Clinton , who is in Beijing for annual security talks . `` I hope I can get more help from her , '' Chen said .
The Foreign Ministry statement that said Chen was a normal citizen who may apply to study overseas .
`` Chen Guangcheng is currently being treated in hospital . As a Chinese citizen , if they want to study abroad they can go through the normal channels to the relevant departments and complete the formalities in accordance with the law like other Chinese citizens , '' the statement said without elaborating .
Once again , everybody is talking about China . On Feb. 19 , Mandiant , an American security company issued a startling report -- the result of a six-year investigation -- that makes the claim that the United Sates is in a cyberwar with a 12-story building in Shanghai . The private security analyst concluded that the building is home of China 's stealth cyberwar division , the People 's Liberation Army Unit 61398 .
If this sounds like the movie , War Games , make no mistake - this is real . According to Mandiant , for the last seven years , Chinese hackers have stolen data from at least 141 companies across 20 major industries , including critical infrastructure sectors like energy and telecommunications . At least 115 of the companies were in the United States . Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-CA ) chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee said classified intelligence documents support Mandiant 's claim .
Last year , we proclaimed this the Era of Big Data , and , in light of the dramatic events of the last few weeks , we thought it was an appropriate time to consider what 's happened since . In order to understand this from the inside , we invited a leading big data expert , Brian Greenberg , VP of Technology Operations at Total Attorneys and Founder of General System Dynamics , to help us parse fact from fiction or fantasy .
Hacking Today
First off , it does n't take China to do this . Hacking is n't only done by governments and individuals ; there are zombie hacker armies at work everywhere ( Brian spent part of last week fighting off Russian hackers ) . What 's more , hackers will sometimes automate their efforts by writing programs that will try a laundry list of known security assaults ( or exploits ) on random computers throughout the globe -- thousands of exploits on millions of computers . Once they hack their way into a computer , they automatically plant a seed of code on that computer that will spread the hacking maneuvers to more computers . Soon , thousands of computers are hacked and hacking thousands more computers . Most of the time , the owner of the hacked computer does n't even know she 's been hacked and is now part of a large zombie hacker army .
The Data Drain
As we face threats and theft , consider this : less than one percent of the world 's data is analyzed and less than 20 percent is protected . Part of this is a traffic problem . It 's estimated that the amount of global data will reach 40 zettabytes ( ZB ) by 2020 ( that 's over 40 billion terabytes ) , an amount that exceeds previous forecasts by 5 ZBs . That represents a 50-fold growth from the beginning of 2010 and that number is probably a lowball .
Data collection and acquisition is harder today because of the explosive growth of mobile devices and multimedia . For example , your 1GB memory card will hold 715 pictures taken on a 4 MegaPixel ( MP ) camera . However , the same 1GB memory card will only hold 130 pictures taken with a newer 22MP camera . Consider how many pictures you take a month with your current camera or camera phone . Now think about how often you get a new camera or camera phone -- for most people its every two years as cheaper ones come to market . Now you 'll need to get that much more storage for your home computer to store and back things up , not to mention in the cloud where things are expected to reside in perpetuity ( consider that over 250M pictures are uploaded to Facebook every day with increasingly higher and higher resolution ) .
Now extend that to video cameras . The city of London has over two million CCTV cameras alone . These cameras are mostly security cameras put in place at stores , office complexes , ATM 's , in subways , and at traffic lights . As newer , cheaper technology becomes available , these cameras are replaced with higher resolution cameras with better quality pictures . Data storage requirements are already exploding into the petabyte ( PB ) range -- a thousand terabytes -- and increasing every year .
Data Hoarding
So , why are corporations so vulnerable to hackers ? Because they have more data than ever . Like hanging on to clothes that do n't fit , most of America 's premier companies are starting to do essentially the same thing with data . The reason ? They recognize the opportunity cost of not collecting data . Often times , the chance to get data only happens once -- when it occurs . This is true whether it 's from video surveillance , pictures from a cell phone , people browsing their on-line store , GPS tracking information coming from a car , recording tweets or information collected through scientific research . But what if you do n't have the algorithms and the requisite supernerds to analyze that data ? This is a real problem . The fields of data science exploring how to mine data for patterns , discover emergent properties , and generate useful information is still quite young and consists mostly of what the industry called Quants -- quantitative analysts usually with a Ph.D. in math or physics with extensive skills in computer programming . But , the level of data mining grows more sophisticated everyday and the quants are forced to keep shifting goal posts . So , if you do n't yet know what to do with all that data , put it in storage . Archive it with some meta-data ( data about the data collected ) , and then use it sometime in the future . This is where the sci-fi and cyberpunk elements enter the picture : projecting ahead to a time when a team of data scientists , a quantum computer , an exabyte of collected data and the right algorithms will discover new business strategies , reveal hidden genetic clues that vanquish devastating diseases , or combat terrorism before terrorists have a chance to strike by analyzing patterns in global events . It 's all possible .
Lastly , as the China controversy has shown us , privacy remains a huge concern . Even if the data collected is 'Greeked ' or 'anonymized , ' often times peoples ' identities can be extrapolated from the large sums of data collected and correlated with publicly available data from social media and other sources . Companies do n't always effectively protect and secure the private information they collect , making them prime targets for hackers , who sell or freely publish it on websites . Considering all of the advances in the way companies can collect and sell your data , we need more advocacy groups and organizations such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) to do the critical work of defending free speech , privacy , and consumer rights .
Simon Danczuk says they would stand as a ‘ stalking horse ' to open way for other candidates and give Labour ‘ some chance of winning next general election '
A Labour MP has said they will try to oust Jeremy Corbyn as leader if the party flops in May 's devolved and local elections .
Simon Danczuk , one of Corbyn 's most vocal internal critics , said they would seek to stand as a “ stalking horse ” to force a contest .
They said their aim would be to open the door to colleagues such as Chuka Umunna , Dan Jarvis and Emma Reynolds to mount a challenge and “ give us some chance of winning the next general election ” .
Second peer abandons Labour benches in Lords over Corbyn 's leadership Read more
But any challenger would face a stiff test given the dramatic margin of Corbyn 's victory in September , especially among the tens of thousands of new party recruits enthused by their anti-austerity message .
The Rochdale MP – who would have to secure the backing of 46 of the party 's 231 MPs – told the Mail on Sunday : “ If the results for Labour in May are as dire as we all fear , then yes I would be prepared to stand as a stalking horse against Jeremy Corbyn .
“ My only intention is to secure a better leader for the Labour party and to give us some chance of winning the next general election . At the moment , I and many of my fellow MPs simply can not see that happening under the current leadership .
“ I do not have any expectation of winning myself , but would hope to open up the field for serious contenders such as Chuka , Dan or Emma . ”
Under Labour rules , potential challengers to a sitting leader can seek nominations before the annual session of party conference , with any failing to meet the threshold of 20 % of MPs declared “ null and void ” .
However , the shadow chancellor , John McDonnell , played down the threat of a leadership challenge , dismissing Danczuk 's threat as “ Simon being Simon ” . Appearing on the BBC1 's Andrew Marr Show , they said that moderate Labour MPs must come to terms with the party 's new direction but that leftwing activists would not be allowed to force them out .
“ We are opposing any threat to individual MPs . We are not in favour of reselection , ” they said . “ The democratic processes in the Labour position will take place in the normal way . There is no way we will allow MPs to be deselected in that way . We will work together on this . ”
Veteran MP Frank Field said any moves to deselect sitting MPs could be met by a mass rebellion .
Danczuk 's latest broadside against the leadership came as Ed Miliband 's former policy chief announced they were forming a new group aimed at ensuring the party builds “ a broad coalition of support ” .
Labour Together is being spearheaded by Jon Cruddas , who wrote a scathing analysis of the party 's general election defeat which concluded that anti-austerity policies were a vote loser .
The MP nominated Corbyn for the leadership to broaden the debate but warned during the contest they could turn the party into a 1980s revival “ Trotskyist tribute act ” and said their diagnosis was “ at odds with where the country is ” .
Labour must return power to the people | Jon Cruddas Read more
They said the group – which also involves shadow energy secretary Lisa Nandy , MP Steve Reed and the leaders of Leeds and Newcastle councils – would “ work with members who supported any of the four leadership candidates and with organisations across the spectrum of the Labour movement ” .
The launch comes at a time of fears among some moderates that the Corbyn-aligned Momentum group will be a vehicle for a takeover of the party by the left , including deselections of MPs – a charge denied by its founders .
Corbyn said : “ I welcome Labour Together as a good initiative that explores a new kind of way to do politics . I am looking forward to working with them . ”
In the latest of a series of highly critical articles about Corbyn in the Mail on Sunday , Danczuk said they were guilty of “ a profound lack of judgment and naivety ” and was “ on such a short ideological tether he 's never going to reach out beyond activists ” .
They said the leader – who called them in for talks this week to discuss their public criticisms – was “ warm , well-meaning and sincere ” with a “ refreshing openness ” .
“ But , unfortunately , politics is about much more than that . And as someone who desperately wants a Labour government , we need a leader who can win a general election , not parliamentary beard of the year .
“ He is unsuited to leading a major political party and the sooner we get a Labour leader who is , the better . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RANDOLPH COUNTY , Ill. -- Drew Peterson is accused of trying to hire a hitman to kill Will County State 's Attorney James Glasgow , who was the lead prosecutor in Peterson 's 2012 murder trial .
Peterson had an arraignment Monday morning in Randolph County where they were charged with one count of solicitation for murder for hire and one count of solicitation for murder . Their next court day is March 3 .
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan told WGN that because this is a high profile case and James Glasgow is the intended victim , the attorney general 's office got involved with the investigation . They also said that the alleged planning took place between September 2013 through December 2014 .
On Monday afternoon , Glasgow released the following statement :
`` This morning I received a copy of the charges that Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan and Randolph County State 's Attorney Jeremy Walker filed against Drew Peterson . I have absolute faith in law enforcement and our criminal justice system to handle this case appropriately . I want to thank Attorney General Madigan and State 's Attorney Walker and their legal teams for their work on this case . It is unfortunate that prosecutors sometimes must deal with allegations of this nature . However , in no way will a threat to my personal safety deter me from the important work I perform as the State 's Attorney on behalf of the citizens of Will County . ''
In 2012 , Peterson was convicted of killing their third wife Kathleen Savio , who drowned in a bathtub . They received a 38-year prison sentence in February 2013 .
When WGN asked former Peterson defense attorney Joel Brodsky if they were surprised about these allegations , they said , “ Not really . When I was representing Drew we did a lot of things that were controversial , but apparently their new lawyers do n't have control over their client , and that 's unfortunate . “
Brodsky also said that while they ca n't specifically discuss conversations between them and their former client , they say that if they thought Peterson was intending to harm anyone , they would `` have a duty to disclose that . ”
Savio 's body was exhumed after Peterson 's fourth wife Stacy went missing in 2007 . Stacy remains missing to this day . Peterson contends Stacy ran off with another man and is still alive .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Aya Abosh weeps next to body bags containing the remains of their sister , Sajjida , and two nephews , Bakr and Mahmoud , in the Old City of Mosul , Iraq , earlier this month . ( Alice Martins for The Washington Post )
Aya Abosh found their sister in the house where they spent their final moments , trapped with their boys as shells fell from the sky and caved in the roof .
They were lying there , in the detritus of floral blankets and twisted railings . “ Hammoudi , ” Abosh said , somehow recognizing their 6-year-old nephew , Mahmoud . Recovery workers toiled around her , struggling to find a zipper on a body bag , then straining to wrap remains disfigured by trauma , time and sun .
Sajjida , the sister , was 28 and devoted to God , Abosh said . Bakr , the other boy , was 9 . In the heat and stench and swirling dust , Abosh quietly stared at the bodies before the workers spirited them away . It was early yet , and there were many more bodies to uncover in the Old City of Mosul .
This was the site of Iraq 's landmark military victory just weeks ago that ended the Islamic State extremist group 's wrenching occupation of Mosul and crippled the militants ' odious ambitions for the Middle East , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said . There were noisy , flag-waving celebrations , even as the prime minister reminded the nation that there had been “ blood and sacrifices , ” too .
Only now is the terrible cost of the victory emerging , in quarters of the Old City ground to rubble by airstrikes and shelling and suicide bombs . For under the barrage were thousands of homes packed with families . Hundreds of the houses were transformed into graves .
In Mosul , Iraq , civil defense workers are working to recover the remains of those who could n't escape violence in the old city neighborhood . ( Sarah Parnass , Kareem Fahim/The Washington Post )
With the rough estimates of the dead from the neighborhood reaching into the thousands , relatives have angrily questioned the way the battle was fought by Iraqi forces and their partners in the U.S.-led military coalition , which carried out airstrikes in support . The concerns over civilian casualties have become more urgent as U.S.-backed forces redouble their efforts to defeat the Islamic State in the militants ' final redoubts in Iraq and Syria .
Time after time in Mosul , civilians were killed in a similar , disturbing pattern : Islamic State militants kidnapped families as human shields in houses that served as the fighters ' garrisons . Snipers took up positions on rooftops , firing at Iraqi troops or coalition planes . Then the houses were bombed , sometimes by artillery or airstrikes and with little apparent regard for the people inside , relatives and survivors said .
Basements used for shelter became tombs .
No one has said yet how many died here . Even estimates are a secret , closely held by a government sensitive to the charge that it attacked the neighborhood with terrifying force and not enough care . But there are grim clues .
At the local morgue , nearly 900 names are on a record of bodies pulled mostly from the Old City since June 24 , an official there said . Civil defense workers have a list of 300 locations where bodies are waiting to be recovered , and they have reached only a little more than a third of those sites .
In some of the houses , there is one body . In others , there are dozens .
Hundreds of other victims were buried by their relatives during the fighting in gardens or makeshift cemeteries dug in empty lots . The local “ refrigerators ” at the main morgue in Mosul — two tractor-trailers parked on a lawn — are already full .
“ Based on our figures , ” said one Iraqi official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss a taboo subject , “ there are not enough refrigerators in all of Iraq . ”
Destruction in the Old City of Mosul . Most of its narrow streets are impassable , strewn with debris and destroyed vehicles . ( Alice Martins for The Washington Post )
Mohammed Ali Mahmoud visited one of the Mosul morgues earlier this month , mingling with others carrying their own tragic tales . Theirs was exceptional : Seventeen members of their extended family were killed in what they said was an airstrike in the Old City .
“ They had no mercy . A sniper would fall with a bullet or a rocket . But to kill one sniper , seven houses were destroyed , ” they said as another man entered the morgue to request death certificates for 15 members of their family , the victims of a different strike .
If the suffering of Mosul carried a lesson , it was that the government could not afford to disappoint the city 's residents ever again and stir the kind of complaints that militants had exploited . But at the morgue , the dead seemed forsaken among all the talk of victory and as luckier corners of Mosul burst back to life .
Their survivors struggled , too : to obtain documents for death benefits , to get medical care for their injuries and to shake the stain of suspicion that they said was attached to residents of the Old City , of sympathy with the Islamic State .
The Iraqi military said it made protecting civilians its priority at every stage of the difficult nine-month battle for Mosul , a city that once had nearly 2 million people , and delayed offensives out of an abundance of caution .
“ Liberation of people before liberation of the land , ” was the troops ' refrain .
A volunteer social worker holds an infant boy who was rescued from the rubble in the Old City of Mosul . The identity of the boy 's parents , along with another infant boy rescued at the same site , is unknown . Volunteers think the two boys may be brothers but “ they do n't really look like each other , ” the social worker said . ( Alice Martins for The Washington Post/For The Washington Post )
But there were warning signs that Iraqi and U.S. forces might be less restrained as they reached the narrow confines of western Mosul where Islamic State fighters were making their last stand — even as it became clear the militants were increasingly hiding behind civilians . In late March , the coalition launched an airstrike against the Islamic State in the western Mosul al-Jadida neighborhood that killed at least 100 people . Residents said they had gathered in one of the targeted houses because it was one of the few in the area that had a basement .
The growing concern about civilian deaths is not confined to Mosul . Civilian casualties have been rising across the battlefield against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria because of coalition airstrikes , according to Airwars , a group that tracks the casualties — which it said have approximately doubled since President Trump took office .
U.S. Army Col. Ryan Dillon , a spokesperson for the U.S.-led coalition fighting in Iraq and Syria , said the “ coalition 's goal is always for zero human casualties . We apply rigorous standards to our targeting process . ”
[ U.S.-led airstrikes are killing hundreds of civilians in the battle for Raqqa , groups say ]
They attributed allegations of rising civilian casualties in Iraq to the shift from eastern Mosul to the more densely populated terrain in the west of the city , rather than to any change in strategy . “ Not since World War II has there been an urban assault on a city like Mosul , ” they said . “ The only way to liberate the city was to go house by house and street by street . ”
And it fell to Iraqi soldiers to rescue civilians , whose only hope was that security forces reached them “ quickly enough before they starved to death or were killed by ISIS while trying to flee , ” they said , using another name for the Islamic State .
In late July , responding to what it said was “ false ” speculation about a high number of casualties , the Iraqi military released a partial tally , from western Mosul , saying 1,429 people had been killed . It was unclear whether that included the Old City , and the tally has not been updated since .
As recovery workers dug for bodies last week , a member of the civil defense team searches the area after hearing noises inside a house . Some Islamic State militants are still believed to be hiding in the Old City . ( Alice Martins for The Washington Post )
For surviving relatives , the outrage over the deaths has been followed by the laborious and painful process of recovering the bodies . Relatives call the fatigued , underpaid civil defense workers for help or flag them down in the street . There is no grid search underway and no legion of sniffer dogs .
Instead , when the civil defense workers have time , they travel with the relatives to their houses , trudging together over rubble , boxes of ammunition or the explosive-laden corpses of dead Islamic State fighters .
One day this month , relatives were forced to help with the digging . No one had paid the man who operated the excavator , and as a result , they had not shown up for work in four days , according to Lt. Col. Rabia Hassan , the head of the civil defense team in western Mosul .
It was not the fault of the excavator operator , who , for most of the recovery operation , had been paying for the work from their own pocket , Hassan said . “ Nobody cares , and nobody asks , ” they said .
Theirs was backbreaking and perilous work . At one point , smoke rose from an explosion about a block away . Everyone kept digging .
Smoke rises after an explosion in the Old City . Countless devices — unexploded munitions , improvised bombs and boxes of weapons — remain in the rubble weeks after the battle in the city was declared over , making the work of the civil defense incredibly risky . A member of the team was killed by an explosive device last month . ( Alice Martins for The Washington Post )
Aya Abosh sat near the rescue vehicles , with the body bags at their feet , sobbing as other relatives watched and waited for their turn . Mohamed Taha 's house was a few blocks away , and in it , they said , were the bodies of their 2-year-old son , their wife and their mother . They had last seen them months ago , when they left the Old City to check on their livestock . But then the battle lines shifted , and they never made it home .
For weeks , Yunis Sallou had been trying to extricate their uncle and three cousins , who were interred in their grandparents ' house . As they scraped at the rocks with their hands or with small shovels last week , the smell of the bodies drifted up from somewhere too far down to reach .
Hala Khamis , the survivor of an airstrike more than a month ago , escaped the wreckage with three of their daughters but not Jassim , their 10-year-old son , who had been in a separate room . They returned to the house with the rescue workers last week , carrying Jassim 's first-grade photograph and a can of aerosol deodorant to ward off the smell .
“ To be honest , I am not sure they are here . They may have escaped , ” they said , spritzing the clothes of the rescue workers with the deodorant as if that might speed up their work . A body was found , but it belonged to a militant with a suicide belt still wrapped around their waist . Khamis stumbled around the concrete , imploring the civil defense workers to keep trying .
But there was too much rock and no machine to shift it . They would have to return .
The strike that killed 17 people spared three members of the family . One of them , Ali Hussein Ali , 23 , happened to walk out of the room where the family was sitting when the roof collapsed .
They spent 22 hours in the rubble , hearing the voices of their relatives , they said . Half an hour before they were rescued , the voices stopped .
Ali Hussein Ali sits in their bed in a relative 's home in Mosul . They were injured in an airstrike in the Old City that killed 17 members of their extended family and left them trapped in the rubble for 22 hours . ( Alice Martins for The Washington Post )
Alice Martins in Mosul and Mustafa Salim in Baghdad contributed to this report .
Read more :
ISIS has been a catastrophe for Sunnis in Iraq and Syria
Thousands of Iraqis have fled Mosul , but this American family moved in
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Story highlights Analyst : The fact the jury can consider manslaughter in addition to murder is `` enormous ''
Prosecutor : Zimmerman `` always has an excuse , or they catch them in a lie ''
De la Rionda plays and challenges parts of Zimmerman 's interviews with police , media
Profane words show hatred for man Zimmerman thought was a criminal , prosecutor says
George Zimmerman was the star witness Thursday in their trial for the death of Trayvon Martin -- for the prosecution , not in their defense .
Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda tried to use the defendant 's words against him , hoping to convince a jury that now has one more option than it once had : It can convict Zimmerman of manslaughter , or the original second-degree murder charge , after a decision earlier Thursday by Judge Debra Nelson . The third option is acquittal .
No one else saw the February 26 , 2012 , altercation between Zimmerman and Martin . After that , the 17-year-old could n't give their side . But Zimmerman has . And , de La Rionda argued Thursday , Zimmerman accounts that they were attacked and fired their gun because they feared for their life does n't hold up .
`` He brought a gun to a struggle , to a fight that they started ... wanting to make sure the victim did n't get away , '' the prosecutor said . `` And now they want you to let them off because they killed the only eyewitness , the victim Trayvon Martin , who was being followed by this man . ''
The now 29-year-old Zimmerman declined to testify Wednesday , when their defense team rested its case , but their words were front-and-center Thursday .
De la Rionda played in court excerpts of interviews Zimmerman had given to police and in the media , then picked them apart . They said that they showed that the defendant ca n't be trusted , suggesting that their account from that evening in Sanford , Florida , does n't mesh with reality .
Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case New photos in Trayvon Martin case – Trayvon Martin in a picture released on Thursday , May 23 , by attorneys for George Zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer accused of killing Martin without provocation 14 months ago . The evidence , Zimmerman 's attorneys say , paints a different picture of the 17-year-old than the one portrayed by their family and supporters . Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case New photos in Trayvon Martin case – Much of the evidence disclosed in filings by Zimmerman 's attorneys on May 23 comes from Martin 's cell phone , including photos showing small marijuana plants growing in pots . Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case New photos in Trayvon Martin case – A person holds a gun in this image taken from Martin 's cell phone . Hide Caption 3 of 6 Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case New photos in Trayvon Martin case – Martin stands between two other young men . Hide Caption 4 of 6 Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case New photos in Trayvon Martin case – Smoke escapes from Martin 's mouth in this series of images taken from their cell phone . Hide Caption 5 of 6 Photos : New photos in Trayvon Martin case New photos in Trayvon Martin case – Defense attorneys say they will try to use the evidence if prosecutors attempt to attack Zimmerman 's character during their trial on second-degree murder charges , set to begin next month . The Martin family 's attorney says the information is irrelevant and meant to prejudice a jury . Hide Caption 6 of 6
JUST WATCHED Defense rests in Zimmerman trial Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Defense rests in Zimmerman trial 02:24
`` ( Zimmerman ) always has an excuse , or they catch them in a lie , '' de la Rionda said .
How , the prosecutor said , does a neighborhood watch volunteer not know the names of that neighborhood 's three streets , getting out of their car to find an address ? Why would a scared man get out of their car and walk around , after being told by a 911 dispatcher not to follow a man they thought was suspicious ? Did Zimmerman walk toward Martin , or did Martin come after them -- as they seemingly said both ? Should they have had more than a bloody nose and scratches on their head after being pummeled ?
On Friday , it will be the defense 's turn , with lead attorney Mark O'Mara spending up to three hours giving a closing argument . After that , the prosecution will have as long as one hour to give a rebuttal argument .
And then , likely sometime Friday , Zimmerman 's fate will be in the hands of the six jurors , all of them women .
In their final words Thursday , de la Rionda reminded them that , while Zimmerman still has hope , there 's no more special moments for , there can be no more photos of Martin .
`` And that 's true because of the actions of one person , '' they said . `` The man before me . The man who is guilty of second-degree murder . ''
Judge : Jury can consider manslaughter charge
What happened to Martin -- and whether Zimmerman was justified in shooting them -- has been debated intently for a year and a half .
Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , talked with police but was n't arrested immediately after they admitted to the shooting .
But in short time , community members and activists rallied against them -- claiming that Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had racially profiled the African-American teenager , tailed them over the objection of police dispatchers , then wrongly shot them down .
The defense , in frequent media appearances by its lawyers and some by Zimmerman and their immediately family members , said that it was wrong to characterize Zimmerman as a racist . They acted to protect their own life , after being repeatedly punched and having their head slammed into the ground , they said .
On June 24 , the trial kicked off with opening statements . The prosecution called 38 witnesses in nine days , while the defense took parts of four days to call its witnesses .
JUST WATCHED Why did prosecutor , defense use a dummy ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why did prosecutor , defense use a dummy ? 02:22
JUST WATCHED Author : Zimmerman wo n't be convicted Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Author : Zimmerman wo n't be convicted 01:15
JUST WATCHED Ex-police chief : I upheld my oath Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ex-police chief : I upheld my oath 06:07
JUST WATCHED Preparing for Zimmerman verdict Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Preparing for Zimmerman verdict 00:29
Some of the testimony appeared contradictory . Take , for instance , the panicked voice yelling for help as heard on the background of a 911 call from that night in Sanford , Florida .
Zimmerman 's parents , Robert and Gladys , both testified that they knew the person screaming was their son . Contrast that to Martin 's brother and mother , Sybrina Fulton , with the latter saying was `` absolutely '' certain the voice belonged to their child .
For all the back-and-forth during the trial , the early part of Thursday 's court proceedings was dominated by debate over what exactly the jury will be deciding .
Prosecutors asked that the six women be able to consider manslaughter and third-degree felony murder , in addition to the original second-degree murder charge , in their deliberations .
Defense attorney Don West reacted angrily to the third-degree felony murder charge , citing an element in it related to child abuse .
`` Oh my God , '' they told Judge Debra Nelson , calling the charge a `` trick . ''
`` Just when I thought this case could n't get any more bizarre , the state is seeking third-degree murder based on child abuse . ''
West also argued against the manslaughter charge , telling Nelson that Zimmerman believes that because the `` state has charged them with second-degree murder , they should be required to prove it , if they can . ''
In the end , the judge split the difference : The jury can consider manslaughter , but not third-degree felony murder .
Having both options is `` enormous , '' said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , especially given that Zimmerman could serve decades in prison on a manslaughter conviction .
`` The jury can think to itself , well , ... we 're compromising , '' Toobin said . `` If the jury convicts on manslaughter , that would be a win for the prosecution . ''
Prosecutor : 'Innocent 17-year-old kid was profiled as a criminal '
The debate over the charges set the stage for de la Rionda to give their closing argument .
Referencing a widely heard call to police that Zimmerman made to police that night , the prosecutor contended that the defendant was bent on going after Martin -- even if the 911 dispatcher told them otherwise , and even though they never asked the unarmed teen directly what they were doing -- after they spotted them walking through their neighborhood .
`` This innocent 17-year-old kid was profiled as a criminal . They were one of those a * * holes who get away , '' de la Rionda told jurors . `` He was one of those f * * * ing punks . ''
The profane language , de la Rionda argued , offers insight into Zimmerman 's mind that winter night -- depicting someone who bore particular malice toward a person they had decided without justification was among the criminals who had plagued their neighborhood in the months leading up to the shooting .
That 's important , because to find Zimmerman guilty of second-degree murder , jurors will have to find that they acted with `` ill will , hatred , spite , or an evil intent '' in shooting Martin , according to Florida law .
De la Rionda characterized Zimmerman as a wannabe police officer who wrongly took the law into their own hands and pressed the fatal encounter with Martin . The teenager was `` just doing a normal everyday thing '' -- going to a convenience store to get Skittles and a drink , then walking back to their father 's fiancee 's home before they ended up dead shortly after 7 p.m. , the prosecutor said .
`` A teenager is dead through no fault of their own , dead because a man made assumptions and acted on them , '' said de la Rionda . `` Unfortunately , because their assumptions are wrong , Trayvon Benjamin Martin no longer walks on the earth . ''
`` He profiled them as a criminal . They assumed certain things , that Trayvon Martin was up to no good . And that 's what led to their death , '' de la Rionda said before going on to attack many defense arguments about what happened that rainy night :
De la Rionda :
-- Argued that Zimmerman , who had taken criminal justice classes , fed police a story of escalating violence and exaggerated fear to meet the standards of Florida 's `` Stand Your Ground '' self-defense law .
-- Questioned Zimmerman 's account of Martin straddling him , pounding their head into the pavement and , at one point , covering their mouth and nose with their hands . Why is none of the blood seen on Zimmerman 's face found on Martin 's hands , they asked . And , if the attack was so violent , why was Zimmerman 's jacket in such good shape afterward ?
-- Asked how was Zimmerman able to scream for help , as they have said they are , if their mouth was filling with blood and they were being smothered by Martin .
-- Said the lack of Martin 's DNA on Zimmerman 's pistol refutes defense arguments that Martin had grabbed the gun during the struggle .
Thursday 's closing argument also marked the return of the foam , life-sized dummy that famously appeared a day earlier , when O'Mara grappled with it inside the courtroom to show rapt jurors the competing versions of what happened the rainy night Martin was killed .
This time it was de la Rionda 's turn . Characterizing Zimmerman 's account of how Martin had straddled them -- while allegedly punching him , slamming their head and covering their neck and mouth -- the prosecutor questioned how the late teenager could have seen , much less reach for , the gun that Zimmerman said he 'd had in a holster inside their waistband .
`` The truth does not lie , '' de la Rionda said . `` ... So how do they manage to get it out and get a perfect shot to the heart of a 17-year-old man ? ''
Jose Mourinho : Portuguese coach is looking for players `` made in Chelsea ''
With key Chelsea players such as John Terry , Ashley Cole and Frank Lampard coming towards the end of their careers and new UEFA regulations on Financial Fair Play due to affect transfer dealings , clubs are looking to develop their own talent .
Stamford Bridge boss Mourinho has been keen to praise the likes of Nathaniel Chalobah , currently on loan at Nottingham Forest but told they will be part of the Chelsea first-team next season , and they are looking to bring a crop of new players through their academy .
`` Ideally it 's not just about having British players either , but having players who are made in Chelsea , '' they told The Guardian .
`` In three or four years ' time , if we do n't have other Englishmen to replace this nucleus of players - when Lamps are 39 , John is 36 - I will be very sad .
`` Every club needs that . So we are working on that ( new generation ) . ''
Terry , Cole and Lampard are out of contract at the end of the season but Mourinho admitted they were happy with the rejuvenation of club captain Terry .
The defender has suffered a number of career lows since the end of Mourinho 's first spell at Stamford Bridge in 2007 , including the racism row with Anton Ferdinand , twice losing the England captaincy and missing a penalty in the 2008 UEFA Champions League final .
But Mourinho believes they are returning to their best form as Chelsea look to regain the Premier League crown they last won in 2009/10 .
`` Even I was questioning , from far away , what was happening to this guy : physical problems , psychological problems , what is going on ? '' added Mourinho .
`` I 'm happy he 's proving he 's still a top player . ''
OTTAWA -- Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is keeping mum on a reported $ 10 million settlement offer for Omar Khadr , a former child soldier who was detained in Guantanamo Bay and in Canadian prison for 10 years .
Speaking to reporters in Dublin on Tuesday , where they were meeting with Irish Taoiseach ( the equivalent of a prime minister ) Leo Varadkar , Trudeau did n't address the rumoured compensation amount or the reasoning behind it .
`` There is a judicial process underway that has been underway for a number of years now and we are anticipating , like I think a number of people are , that that judicial process is coming to its conclusion , '' Trudeau said .
Khadr is suing the federal government for $ 20 million over abuses they suffered during their detention . Khadr was subjected to sleep deprivation and interrogated without counsel . They argue Canada was complicit in their detention .
If Khadr is compensated $ 10 million , that is close to what was provided to Maher Arar , a Syrian Canadian who was brutally tortured for a year after U.S. officials deported them to their birth country . Arar was cleared of any alleged terrorism ties . A federal inquiry led by former justice Dennis O'Connor found that bad information provided by the RCMP to American officials likely led to Arar 's imprisonment .
A spokesperson for Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale confirmed an ongoing court process , but would n't say anything further .
“ Settlement processes are always strictly confidential by nature . Accordingly , the government is not in a position to provide any comment one way or another , ” Scott Bardsley said in an email to CTV News .
Federal Court of Canada records show Khadr 's lawyers had a mediation scheduled in Ottawa for June 21-22 . The records suggest the mediation was assigned to Justice Anne Mactavish last March .
'Khadr was tortured , ' government 'complicit '
There 's no record of a notice of discontinuance by Khadr , a government official pointed out to CTV News , which would signal an end to the proceedings . That means a settlement could have been proposed but not yet accepted .
Khadr was injured and captured in a 2002 firefight in Afghanistan , accused of throwing a grenade that killed American Sgt . Christopher Speer . They were 15 years old at the time , and became the youngest detainee held at Guantanamo Bay . They pleaded guilty in military court to throwing the grenade , and was convicted on a range of other offences . They were eventually transferred into Canadian custody , and released on bail in 2015 to live with their lawyer , Dennis Edney .
Arar defended the reported compensation for Khadr .
`` Let 's set the record straight : [ Omar ] Khadr was tortured [ and ] the [ Canadian government ] was complicit . This is regardless [ of ] whether they committed a crime or not , '' Arar said on Twitter .
Let 's set the record straight : O. Khadr was tortured & the Cdn govt was complicit . This is regardless whether they committed a crime or not . — Maher Arar ( @ ArarMaher ) July 4 , 2017
`` Ask any victim of torture whether they 'd trade their entire compensation for their life back and you will hear a loud YES , '' they added .
Ask any victim of torture whether they 'd trade their entire compensation for their life back and you will hear a loud YES . — Maher Arar ( @ ArarMaher ) July 4 , 2017
`` Those bigots complaining about Omar Khadr compensation would be asking for $ 1 [ billion ] if a fraction of what happened to them happened to them . ''
Those bigots complaining about Omar Khadr compensation would be asking for $ 1B if a fraction of what happened to them happened to them . — Maher Arar ( @ ArarMaher ) July 4 , 2017
Shelly Whitman , executive director of the Roméo Dallaire Child Soldiers Initiative , said in an interview with CTV News Channel that Canada did n't maintain international child protection standards in Khadr 's case .
`` It seems that it 's taken a long time to learn those lessons , but there have been lessons learned , '' they said of the reported settlement .
Child soldier ?
Conservative MP Erin O'Toole acknowledged the controversy around Guantanamo Bay , but said they do n't consider Khadr to have been a child soldier .
`` He was with their family , '' O'Toole said in an interview with CTV News Channel . `` It 's not like they were a conscript in an army in the traditional sense of a child soldier . ''
O'Toole called the reported settlement `` outrageous '' and said the federal government is flotaing it in the middle of the summer because they know it 's going to be controversial .
They 're `` hoping people will forget about it when they 're camping and on their holidays , '' they said .
Human rights experts , however , disagree .
Alex Neve , secretary general of Amnesty International Canada , calls the reported settlement hugely significant and long overdue .
`` Omar Khadr has endured years and years of human rights violations that go back to 2002 -- very serious human rights violations . And obviously there 's considerable responsibility for that on the part of the U.S. government , but Canada has complicity in their situation , Canada has something to account for , '' they said .
`` We know that child soldiers should n't simply be seen as perpetrators of acts of violence and treated like other soldiers are . We should actually view them as victims who should never have been propelled out onto the battlefield in the first place and , by virtue of having been foisted into fighting a war , have become victims of human rights violations . ''
The Supreme Court of Canada sided with Khadr in three cases , including a 2010 decision that found the conduct of government officials had violated their rights .
`` Canada actively participated in a process contrary to Canada 's international human rights obligations and contributed to Mr. Khadr 's ongoing detention so as to deprive them of their right to liberty and security of the person guaranteed by [ section seven ] of the Charter , contrary to the principles of fundamental justice , '' the court said .
Dear DC : Our Unsolicited Advice for THE NEW 52 1 of 12
In T-minus two weeks and a few odd hours , the rebooted DC Universe will be thrust upon the comic book world and , DC hopes , the much bigger world in general .
Now , most everyone expects that the so-called New 52 will do gangbusters business out of the gate , at least in the Diamond-fed direct market . But the rub in this monthly war-of-attrition industry of ours will be how DC sustains whatever momentum they build for themselves in the fall over the longer haul .
So with the future of the DCnU still be to written , Newsarama offers some utterly unsolicited advice to the movers and shakers at the publishing giant as to how to build a state-of-the-art comic book house for the new millennium , as they 've kind of made it known that 's exactly their plan .
Or , better yet , think of it as a wish list : A few things the staff and writers of Newsarama would like to see come out of the offices of 1700 Broadway ( and/or Burbank , CA ) over the next couple of years , using the New 52 as the launching pad .
So check out our countdown of our Top 10 wishes , then joins us on Twitter or Facebook to tell us some of your own .
Got a comment ? There 's lots of conversation on Newsarama 's FACEBOOK and TWITTER !
Last week I mentioned how WeatherUnderground was touting the ‘ Great Arctic Cyclone of 2016 ' as being a repeat of the ice crusher cyclone in the summer of 2012 . People that want to see Arctic sea ice reach new lows , so that they can shout things like “ See , told you ! Climate change ! ” were banking on it to bring sea ice extent to new record scarcity , accompanied by much wailing and gnashing of teeth , while secretly grinning to themselves “ take that , deniers ” . It 's a strange bunch of people , in my view , that rally around wanting to see such things happen .
So far , NSIDC has n't shown much of an impact from the GAC16 , and in the last couple of days , ice has upticked slightly as it regrouped ( magnified inset mine ) :
Source : http : //nsidc.org/arcticseaicenews/
The storm last week , if it had major impact , would have put the plot closer to the green 2012 line . We are now just about a month away from the seasonal minimum , which usually occurs somewhere between Sept 15th and 25th . There 's still the possibility that another cyclone might roar through and save the day for the doomsters , but it looks like NSIDC and NASA could well be correct .
It seems those that were touting the GAC16 have now gone quiet about it , as there does n't seem to be any new mentions of the “ Great Arctic Cyclone of 2016 ” popping up . Be assured though that we 'd never [ hear ] the end of it had it turned out to beat the Arctic cyclone of 2012 in ice breaking capability . Of course , the caveat here is that weather is not climate .
Meanwhile , Professor David Wadhams doubles down on their “ ice free ” predictions with a new book : A Farewell to Ice .
Wadhams prediction from June this year contained their usual doominess .
“ My prediction remains that the Arctic ice may well disappear , that is , have an area of less than one million square kilometres for September of this year , ” they said . “ Even if the ice does n't completely disappear , it is very likely that this will be a record low year . I 'm convinced it will be less than 3.4 million square kilometres [ the current record low ] . “ I think there 's a reasonable chance it could get down to a million this year and if it does n't do it this year , it will do it next year . “ Ice free means the central part of the Arctic and the North Pole is ice free . ”
But , both NSIDC and NASA have said since then that a record low is n't likely , much less ice free :
NSIDC : ‘ A new record low September ice extent now appears to be unlikely . ”
NASA : ‘ …highly unlikely that this year 's summertime sea ice minimum extent will set a new record '
But there 's always that hope for doom next year . So far , Wadhams track record on this point has been pretty dismal . Plus , they keep moving the goalposts .
And , it seems none of Wadhams professional and private peers who made sea ice predictions for the Sea Ice Prediction Network this year agree with their forecast , not one said below 1 million square kilometers :
Source : https : //www.arcus.org/sipn/sea-ice-outlook/2016/august
Sad when nature just wo n't kowtow to the doomsters , is n't it ? But , human history is fraught with visionaries who said impeding doom is right around the corner . It 's a lifestyle choice I suppose .
Advertisements
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Image caption The cells , which housed 300 prisoners , could be transformed into student housing
Former prison cells could be turned into student accommodation under developers ' plans
HMP Shrewsbury , also known as The Dana , was closed by the Ministry of Justice in March 2013 as part of plans to save £63m .
The Grade II-listed building was bought by the Trevor Osborne Property Group last year , which was also responsible for turning Oxford prison into a hotel .
It is believed The Dana could house up to 200 students .
Plans for the prison , which dates back to 1877 , also include offices and other accommodation on the three-acre , town centre site .
Any proposals would still require planning permission .
Its future as possible student flats follows the creation of a new campus in the town last year .
University Centre Shrewsbury , set up in partnership with the University of Chester , is expected to welcome its first undergraduates in September .
The former Guildhall in Frankwell has been named as the main teaching base , while Shropshire Council has considered a number of options for accommodation , including converting part of Mardol House into flats .
Eventually , the university campus is expected to cater for up to 2,000 students .
The action-thriller unseats Feng Xiaogang 's `` Personal Tailor '' atop the charts in the world 's second-largest movie market .
Jackie Chan 's latest action-thriller , Police Story 2013 , dominated the Chinese box office in the last week of the year , taking $ 45 million in its first six days of release and ousting Feng Xiaogang 's comedy Personal Tailor from the top spot .
The Hong Kong-China collaboration , which was released in 3D and Imax formats , is directed by Little Big Soldier director Ding Sheng and stars Chan , Liu Ye and Jing Tian .
PHOTOS : China Box Office 2013 : The Top 10 Movies
Police Story 2013 had a strong opening , taking in nearly $ 21 million on its first weekend , and in its first six days it clocked up 6.84 million admissions and was shown on 211,468 screens , according to data from Beijing-based consultancy Entgroup . The average ticket price was $ 6.60 .
Although the Lunar New Year , which this year falls on Jan. 31 , is the big holiday market in China , Christmas and New Year 's are becoming ever more important in the movie-going calendar , as people like to mark the events by going to the cinema . The Chinese box office this year has already passed the 20 billion yuan ( $ 3.3 billion ) threshold .
The sixth episode in the Police Story franchise , the movie is darker in tone than some of Chan 's previous outings , and Chan plays a mainland cop rather than a Hong Kong officer . The movie marks the latest end-of-year success for Chan in China , after last year 's Chinese Zodiac , which took in $ 138 million over its entire run .
Personal Tailor racked up another $ 35 million for Feng Xiaogang , to bring their cume after 11 days to $ 87.75 million . It 's still showing widely , too , on 232,209 screens , with 5.86 million admissions in the week ending Dec. 29 .
PHOTOS : Inside Hollywood 's Surprise Trip to China 's Huading Awards
It 's been a busy week for Feng , popular director of Big Shot 's Funeral and Cellphone , as they took to Chinese social networks over the weekend to berate their critics , calling them `` cultural Nazis '' for their negative views of their film .
Still performing strongly in third was Firestorm , a Hong Kong police action film featuring Andy Lau and Gordon Lam , which took in $ 5.37 million to bring its total to $ 49.04 million after 18 days in Chinese cinemas .
In fourth place , and the highest-placed Hollywood movie during the week , was Antoine Fuqua 's Olympus Has Fallen , which took in $ 1.25 million in its opening day on Dec. 29 .
Ning Hao 's road movie No Man 's Land racked up another $ 1.11 million to bring its cumulative total to $ 41.79 million , a strong performance for a movie that was stuck in censorship limbo for three years and a sign , perhaps , that pent-up demand for edgier fare can reap dividends at the box office .
Behind No Man 's Land in the rankings were animated feature The Frog Kingdom , Benny Chan 's action-thriller The White Storm , which has now earned a cumulative total of $ 38.5 million in China , and Enlight Pictures ' I Want You .
Wellesley Police Chief Terrence Cunningham held up pictures of rifles during a press conference on Tuesday to advocate for police chief discretion in the issuance of FID cards .
Top police officials and activists from Boston and area communities blasted the state Senate Tuesday for watering down gun control legislation by stripping a provision aimed at keeping rifles and shotguns out of the hands of dangerous people .
“ I 'm real disappointed in the Senate , ” said Boston police Commissioner William B. Evans , standing with more than a dozen police officials and gun control advocates at the State House .
“ What the Senate chose to do is placate the NRA instead of supporting law enforcement , ” said John Rosenthal , founder of Stop Handgun Violence .
Advertisement
The unusual public criticism by police chiefs comes after the Senate last week voted to remove a House provision giving chiefs discretion to deny firearms identification cards , required to buy shotguns and rifles , to people they deem unsuitable . They now have that discretion over licenses to carry handguns .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
“ Are people really going to be any less dead if they 're killed with a rifle or a shotgun than a handgun ? ” Police Chief Terry Cunningham of Wellesley said at the morning press conference .
Related : Gun bill change worries police
On Tuesday , both chambers named members to a conference committee on the legislation . The panel will have to act quickly to hammer out differences between House and Senate versions of the bill . Formal legislative sessions for the year are to conclude next Thursday .
Senators defended the vote on the controversial provision , which state gun rights advocates , including the local affiliate of the National Rifle Association , pressed hard to have removed .
“ A lot of members felt that since the focus of that was on long guns , which is basically what people use for recreation and sport , there were sufficient controls through the federal criteria and therefore it was not necessary , ” said Senator Stanley C. Rosenberg , an Amherst Democrat .
Advertisement
There was a glimmer of a potential compromise Tuesday evening : Six senators who voted to remove the provision offered new language in a letter to the conference committee .
But the dispute was clearly simmering earlier in the day .
Senate President Therese Murray initially declined to answer shouted questions from a reporter about the police chiefs ' concerns Tuesday afternoon . They later referred queries to the Senate chairperson of the Joint Committee on Public Safety and Homeland Security , James E. Timilty .
Pressed for their personal opinion on the disputed provision as they entered a State House elevator , Murray declined to say .
Under current law , police chiefs must give people who pass a background check and meet other basic criteria a firearms identification card , which allows them to buy shotguns and rifles . But for handguns , police chiefs have discretion on whether to issue a license to carry and can deny one if they deem an applicant unsuitable . The disputed part of the bill would give chiefs the same discretion they currently have on issuing handgun licenses and apply it to rifles and shotguns .
Advertisement
Police chiefs say they and their officers know their communities and are well positioned to screen out potentially dangerous people from gaining access to shotguns and rifles .
The Senate legislation , said Evans , the Boston police commissioner , “ does n't give us the ability to stop people from possessing rifles and shotguns . . . who are n't suitable persons to have them , whether they have [ been ] involved in domestic violence incidents that we 're well aware of or they have some mental issues . ”
In an e-mailed statement , Timilty expressed concern that the measure might violate the US Constitution .
They have said critics should look at the whole bill . Among other measures , it would have Massachusetts join a national database for criminal and mental health background checks , require schools to develop plans to address students ' mental health needs , and increase penalties for certain firearm crimes .
The Gun Owners ' Action League of Massachusetts , a local affiliate of the National Rifle Association , opposed the disputed provision giving police chiefs the added authority and pressed hard for its removal from the Senate bill .
Jim Wallace , GOAL 's executive director , told reporters Tuesday it would be problematic to expand police chiefs ' ability to decide who can get a gun because , they said , those powers have already been widely abused .
But Massachusetts Chiefs of Police Association president Erik Blake said at the press conference that the provision giving police added discretion on firearms identification cards is “ not about being capricious or arbitrary or taking away people 's rights . ”
Despite pressure from both gun control and gun rights advocates , there appeared to be a path to a compromise .
Tuesday evening , six senators who said they have supported gun control for years and were among the 28 senators voting to strip the disputed provision last week released a letter . They called the provision removed by the Senate “ unacceptably vague ” and offered language to give police chiefs authority to deny someone a firearms identification card using what they said was a narrower legal standard .
“ We think it is a more targeted way of getting at what is a broadly shared goal , ” said one of the senators , Benjamin B . Downing , Democrat of Pittsfield .
The early response from one gun control advocate was guardedly positive . “ That 's much better than nothing , ” said Rosenthal , the founder of Stop Handgun Violence .
A GOAL spokesperson said Wallace was reviewing the language but is glad more voices are joining the conversation .
The Senate passed the amendment taking out the disputed provision by a vote of 28 to 10 Thursday . It subsequently passed the broader bill by a voice vote , which meant that individual lawmakers did not have to record where they stood on the legislation .
The press conference with the chiefs of police and advocates was organized on short notice by Stop Handgun Violence and the Massachusetts Coalition to Prevent Gun Violence .
Cunningham , the Wellesley police chief who is also a former president of the Massachusetts Chiefs of Police Association , said it was very rare to have police chiefs protest at the State House on such short notice . But , they added in a telephone interview , the rally came about because the disputed measure “ is really important to us . It 's important to keep people safe . ”
If a new anti-gun violence bill , crafted in response to the December 2012 Newtown , Conn. , school massacre , becomes law , it will build on the state 's wide-ranging 1998 gun law , which has been called among the toughest in the nation .
Joshua Miller can be reached at joshua.miller @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ jm_bos
Oil prices slumped on Monday , with New York crude striking five-month lows , as the dollar strengthened against the euro on mounting worries over Europe 's debt crisis , traders said .
New York 's main contract West Texas Intermediate crude for delivery in June was down $ 1.99 at $ 94.14 a barrel . Earlier Monday it hit $ 93.65 an ounce — the lowest point since mid-December .
Brent North Sea crude for June was down $ 1.87 at $ 110.39 a barrel in London midday deals having reached a near four-month low of $ 110.04 earlier on Monday .
Oil futures retreated as the euro tumbled to its lowest point against the dollar since January , as Greek politicians failed again to form a government over the weekend , again throwing into doubt the future of the eurozone .
The European single currency dived to $ 1.2861 , the lowest point since January 23 and compared with $ 1.2917 late in New York on Friday .
A stronger US currency makes dollar-denominated oil more expensive for buyers using the euro , denting demand for crude .
“ Due to the lack of US economic data today , currency movements could offer some further direction to the oil market which looks fairly vulnerable at the moment , ” said Sucden brokers analyst Myrto Sokou .
Greece on Monday faced the prospect of fresh polls after political parties failed to narrow divisions over a painful EU-IMF bailout deal , with few expecting progress at talks to form a government .
Meetings hosted by President Carolos Papoulias resume at 1630 GMT as eurozone finance ministers gather in Brussels where officials insist Greece must stick to tough austerity measures in return for the debt rescue .
If Athens does not , and the debt accord lapses , it appears increasingly that eurozone leaders are prepared for Greece to leave the 17-nation bloc despite fears that that outcome could destabilise the whole euro project .
Oil market sentiment was also weighed down by a Saudi call for crude prices to fall further .
“ We need to get prices at a level around $ 100 . Now , it is still high , ” Saudi oil minister Ali al-Naimi was quoted as saying on Sunday by Dow Jones Newswires .
They were referring directly to Brent crude , the most widely traded oil contract worldwide .
Speaking to reporters in Australia , al-Naimi added that global crude stocks were likely to increase ahead of an anticipated seasonal rebound in demand starting from July .
“ It is very important to recognise that supply today is 1.3 million to 1.5 million barrels per day over demand , which is good . It is going into inventory and bringing inventory up — that should give comfort to consuming countries , ” al-Naimi said .
( RNS ) A commission of religious leaders has called for clarity in churches ' ability to endorse candidates and issues from the pulpit without fear of losing their tax-exempt status .
In a report sent Wednesday ( Aug. 14 ) to Sen. Charles Grassley , an Iowa Republican who has spent years investigating the finances of high-profile televangelists , the commission called the regulation of speech of religious organizations “ disturbing and chilling . ”
“ The IRS guidelines are very vague , so ministers and nonprofit leaders are afraid of the ( appropriate ) line , ” said Michael Batts , the independent commission 's chairperson . “ We think it can be fixed without creating a monster of unintended consequences . ”
The Commission on Accountability and Policy for Religious Organizations grew out of Grassley 's probe of ministry finances and makes recommendations for greater transparency and reform . It is overseen by the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability , which was founded in 1979 as a watchdog on ethical and financial wrongdoing .
In Wednesday 's report , the commission recommended that members of the clergy should be able to say “ whatever they believe is appropriate ” from the pulpit without fear of IRS reprisal . Since 1954 , IRS regulations allow clergy to speak out on issues but they must refrain from endorsing specific candidates .
Additionally , however , the report suggests that churches should not be able to spend additional funds for political communication . Although some have advocated that churches ' tax-deductible funds should be able to be disbursed for political purposes , the commission says that the policy should remain .
IRS enforcement has been inconsistent , the report suggests . A 2012 Pew Research Center study suggests that black Protestant churchgoers are eight times as likely to hear about political candidates at church as white mainline churchgoers .
“ The report shows that black churches have , for lack of a better word , gotten away with it for many years , ” said Erik Stanley , senior legal counsel for the Alliance Defending Freedom , who gave advice on the commission report . “ Simply put , this gets the IRS out of the pulpit . ”
When ADF 's Pulpit Freedom Sunday began in 2008 , about 30 churches participated in the attempt to challenge the IRS by sending sermon transcripts in a bid to invite an IRS audit . In 2012 , 1,600 churches participated , but none of them have heard from the IRS , Stanley said .
Clergy want the freedom to do and say many things , but it 's unclear what kinds of churches will take up the mantle , said Eric McDaniel , a government professor at the University of Texas at Austin .
“ I do n't think many clergy want to open up a can of worms because then churches become havens for certain candidates and parties , ” McDaniel said . “ It can turn churches into Democratic or Republican churches that preach the gospel . ”
In many ways , however , that 's already happening . A day before the report came out , Baltimore-based pastor Jamal-Harrison Bryant tweeted their support for Cory Booker 's campaign to become the next senator from New Jersey , while outspoken Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence , R.I. , proudly touted their new status as a registered Republican .
A 2012 Pew Research Center poll suggests about two-thirds of Americans oppose churches endorsing candidates . And some clergy prefer maintaining the status quo .
“ My concern is what that kind of change would make to the integrity and the unity of the church itself , ” said C. Welton Gaddy , president of The Interfaith Alliance . “ It 's about the sanctity of the religious voice in the context of worship and to compromise that authority would be devastating to religion in America . ”
The 80-person commission represents every major faith group in America .
It 's a not uncommon sight on sword-related forums these days . An aspiring student of the Japanese sword arts , left-handed , joins the forum and asks about studying ken ( be it kendo , iaido , or aiki-ken ) with a left-handed grip . They are quickly informed that no , Japanese swordsmanship is a right-handed affair , that all Japanese swordsman were right-handed , saya were worn on the right and saya-ate avoided at all costs , and trying to learn it left-handed would be weird at best , uncouth and disrespectful at worst . Veteran lefties give them “ Ganbare ! I 've been there , too ! ” encouragement . Righties tell them about all the things he 'll find easier because he 's lefty . Sometimes the lefty responds with resignation , and sometimes they rage against the system . The left-handed grip is natural for them ! This adherence to right-handed grip only is outmoded , discriminatory , and stupid ! This , predictably , turns just about everyone against him , lefty and righty alike .
Much of the advice given to the lefty by well-meaning righties is actually not so helpful . It 's small comfort knowing you have the best , most natural saya-biki in the dojo when the sword in your right hand is going every which way but the one you want it to . Maybe the lefty 's hidari-katate suburi will be great , but it gives them little solace when their two-handed suburi look bad and feel stranger . Righties have trouble using the left-hand for power . The lefty has trouble using the left-hand for power and problems with the fine control with their right hand . The standard grip , foot placement , and saya position are all designed for a right-hander . The default makes everything as simple and natural as possible…for a right-hander . If you 're a right-hander , think about how awkward it felt when you first started swinging a sword . Then recall that that 's with everything designed with the right-hander in mind ! Needless to say , the lefty will start out feeling even more out of place , unnatural , and awkward . At least until they get used to it , just like a switch hitter in baseball .
Well , we lefties do that all the time in our daily lives . It chafes , to be sure , but we 're used to it .
The larger issue , though , is that everyone is wrong in the first place . Japanese swordsmanship is not a strictly right-handed affair . Yagyū Shinkage-ryū Heihō includes both strikes with the left-hand only and hidari-tachi — a left-handed grip . Nitō technique includes the standard dai-right , shō-left configuration as well as the reverse : daitō in the left and shōtō in the right . To the best of my knowledge , all of the above is present in Hyōhō Niten-ichi-ryū except for hidari-tachi and it would n't surprise me to find that in there as well . Even in modern kendo , there is no rule prohibiting a left-handed grip and stance , and one can see both hidari-jōdan with its standard grip and left-hand only attacks ( actually more common than the “ orthodox ” migi-jōdan ) and even gyaku-jodan , with a left-handed grip . Both orthodox and gyaku nitō can be seen as well .
This raises the question : if traditional Japan was rigidly anti-lefty , why all the left-handed sword slinging ? One reason is tactics . With the left-hand on the bottom of the tsuka , you can get an extra bit of reach if you can successfully strike one-handed , which is probably the main reason that hidari-jōdan is more popular than migi-jōdan . Another tactic would have been that if your opponent does n't realize you 've changed hands , you can show them all sorts of new , weird angles quite unlike what they 're expecting . One example of this is the first form of Shinkage-ryū 's Kuka . Shidachi takes a hassō stance with hidari-tachi . Normally from such a position an opponent would expect a cut to come left-to-right ( from the opponent 's viewpoint ) , but instead shidachi cuts right-to-left .
Another reason is the ultimate pragmatism of the sword arts . A swordsman should be able to be effective in any situation , with any weapon , in either hand . If you should suffer injury to your right hand or arm , you do n't want to be without options . I 'm speaking here largely from a Yagyū Shinkage-ryū perspective , but from what I 've read of the Gorin-no-sho , I suspect it also applies in Hyōhō Niten-ichi-ryū as well . As one should not rely on one particular technique , or one particular weapon , so one should not rely on one particular hand .
The last reason somewhat encompasses the second one . Beyond mere tactics and technique , a primary goal of Japanese sword arts , one that keeps it relevant even today , is to impart to the practitioner universal body skills . This is one reason why the term “ heihō ( or “ hyōhō “ ) came to largely refer to kenjutsu . Through training with the sword , one learns how to move the body ( and mind ) as one , and this unity allows one to utilize whatever is at hand . In Yagyū Shinkage-ryū this is called “ heihō no hoka ” – beyond the study of weapons , and is the essence of mutō . When the chips are down , any and everything can and will be utilized to survive an engagement . Long sword , short sword , an iron fan , a jacket , handy chopsticks , anything . I imagine almost everyone in a Japanese sword art has heard about “ cutting with the hara ” or “ with the whole body ” . With a dominant hand or handgrip , one can fool oneself . But with an off-hand or off-hand grip , it 's all too obvious when you 're relying on your hands . Speaking from personal experience as a lefty learning the sword righty , I struggled for the longest time just in making a simple straight cut – my shinai would make a pathetic “ C ” or “ S ” as I tried to control it with my right hand . But when I made that first cut with my whole body , I hardly felt my hands or my arms . And the sword simply went straight .
So in a sense , lefties do have an advantage . Not because they can do a great saya-biki , or a smashing hidari-katate-uchi , but because right off the bat they get to try their hand at this gokui of Japanese swordsmanship : free and natural ambidextrous use of the sword . If nothing else , it sure helps come mochi pounding time , or when the lefty cages are all filled at the batting center !
Support kenshi 24/7 on Patreon !
Quote :
The Asmodee Group has announced today that it has entered into exclusive discussions to acquire F2Z Entertainment Inc.In line with the acquisitions of the worldwide rights to Dobble Spot-It ! , Days of Wonder , and Fantasy Flight Games publishers , and more recently the set-up of Catan Studio , these exclusive discussions with F2Z Entertainment Inc. emphasize Asmodee 's strategy to strengthen its intellectual property portfolio and international presence . Closing of this acquisition is expected to take place in the coming months.Created in Canada in 2002 by Sophie Gravel , F2Z Entertainment Inc. has become , over the years , one of the most worldwide renowned publisher & distributor of modern board games , with key owned brands such as Pandemic ( over 1 million units sold ) , Dead of Winter , and also publishing rights for evergreen games ( Carcassonne for French and English version , for French version ) .Stéphane Carville , CEO of Asmodee Group said : `` I am delighted to enter into these exclusive discussions with F2Z Entertainment , which is , for us , the natural next step of a strong and long-lasting partnership built over the years with Sophie Gravel and their teams . Through this acquisition , we will continue expanding our IP portfolio with fantastic games and incredibly innovative studios such as Z-Man Games , Plaid Hat Games and Filosofia . This will also enable us to increase our presence on the global game market . `` Sophie Gravel , CEO of F2Z Entertainment added : `` As we are close to celebrating 15 years of success with F2Z , we are proud to announce these exclusive discussions with Asmodee Group , a key partner since the beginning of our adventure . This deal is in the direct continuation of our close business partnership and will provide the best environment for our iconic games to reach their full potential and help our studios to continue publishing amazing games . ''
Following a pretty lousy winter for StarCraft , Korea 's GSL ended on a high note Sunday morning as two teammates fought a pitched-battle across six games in an instant-classic StarCraft final .
Joo “ Zest ” Sung Wook was the favorite heading into the final , especially because their opponent was a Terran . They have pretty much owned the Protoss vs. Terran matchup this year , racking up a 22-1 record in PvT . That 's only slightly more impressive than the fact Zest played the entire Code S season ( the highest level in the GSL system ) losing just a single map .
The stage was set for a massacre of their junior teammate , Jun “ TY ” Tae Yang . But TY confounded expectations with a victory on the first map , Dusk Towers , thanks to some of the most relentless pressure Zest has faced all season .
TY was n't just able to manage multiple fights at once , but they were able to keep them in the context of the bigger picture . Look at this play from the opening map ( and thanks to StarCraft super-fan @ jolly0451 for calling my attention to it ) :
TY pulls Zest 's defense apart here using a Medivac drop that slowly rolls its way north toward Zest 's natural expansion . They do n't rush , and he 's willing to absorb some losses while waiting for Zest to commit to moving their army north in pursuit of the airborne assault . It 's only once Zest has finally moved their ground army miles away from their southernmost base that TY 's ground army finally arrives . From Zest 's POV , this has been three separate events he 's had to deal with . For TY , it 's been a single , elegant play with different steps unfolding alongside each other . It 's perfectly timed and devastates Zest despite the fact that Zest 's army was never really defeated .
Advertisement
But Zest eventually regained the initiative . After tying the series at 2-2 , TY started trying to run more opportunistic , trick-play type strategies . It went badly for him , and Zest took a 3-2 lead .
At that point , TY seemed to fall-apart . A game away from defeat , TY could do nothing right . They built a redundant factory rather than the starport that Terrans need to do just about anything , losing crucial time in the process . They fumbled a series of small plays , eating needless damage . While they rallied in the closing stages of the game , coming within a whisker of mounting a complete comeback , the hold was too deep for TY to dig their way out .
Advertisement
As good as Zest might be at playing StarCraft 2 , the cerebral pro 's victory celebration needs a little work . While the traditional winner 's kiss of the GSL trophy has become a rote tradition largely for the benefit of photographers , most champions show a little more obvious joy and excitement at winning the most or second-most important trophy in StarCraft . Zest , on the other hand , kissed that trophy the way Marshawn Lynch gives an interview .
On the other hand , Zest was probably exhausted . Zest had to work harder to beat TY than he 's had to work against practically any other Terran in Legacy of the Void . After months of match-fixing scandals and uncertainty about the integrity of the game , TY and Zest provided a much-needed reminder of what StarCraft looks like when it 's at its best .
Long Beach athlete Bryshon Nellum ( center , in all white ) walks with the American flag at the closing ceremonies for the 2012 Olympic Games .
Bryshon Nellum—the sprinting superstar from Long Beach whose career was interrupted by gunfire four years ago—completed their comeback odyssey last night by walking with the American flag for the US Olympic Team at the Games ' closing ceremony in London .
The 23-year-old Nellum was chosen to be flag-bearer by their Olympic teammates .
“ I 'm humbled by this incredible privilege , ” they said in a statement . “ I 'll never forget these games .
Nellum had a spectacular track career at Poly and was developing into a world-class sprinter at USC under coach Ron Allice when they were shot three times in the legs on Halloween night 2008 . It took months for them to be able to walk again and it appeared doubtful he 'd ever get their speed back . But after four years of pain and perseverance , Nellum has found themselves in the thick of top-level international competition .
After running a personal best in the 400 meters at the Olympic trials earlier this summer , Nellum missed the final in the Olympic 400 meters by just three hundredths of a second . They then came back to run a strong opening leg in the 4 X 400 meter relay , surging at the end to give their teammates a chance to take the lead , which they took and kept until the last 80 meters .
A silver medal performance by the USA in the 4 X 400 is impressive this year , considering the many injuries that depleted this relay squad ( one of Nellum 's relay teammates , Manteo Mitchell , ran in the semi-final with a broken leg and saved the USA 's medal opportunity ) .
Coach Allice was in London for the entire Games and had a special interest in Nellum 's success . “ He is a very resilient young man , ” said Allice . “ Watching them here , I feel like a proud dad . ”
Nellum 's silver medal was one of the 24 medals earned by USC athletes at the London Games , and one of several medals brought home from the Games by Long Beach area athletes .
Dan Tingley says they want to save the Hammond River No . 2 covered bridge , keep it functioning , and do it for less than what the the province would spend replacing it with a modular bridge .
But the minister in charge of the bridge says they want to go with the advice of their departmental engineers .
Bill Fraser , the minister of transportation and infrastructure , wo n't take Tingley up on their offer .
Earlier this week , Fraser announced wood rot had been discovered during repairs to the 105-year-old covered bridge .
Because of concerns about the structural integrity , work on the bridge was halted . The department is now deciding whether to install a modular bridge next to the covered bridge , or dismantle the old bridge and put a modular one up in its place .
Tingley said the department does n't have to do either .
`` That Hammond River bridge could be preserved , '' they said .
`` Kept right the way it is , and fixed for a fraction of a cost of replacing it and putting in new . ''
Questions government expertise
Tingley , a senior design engineer at Wood Research and Development/Timber Restoration Services , said engineers working on the bridge likely do n't have the expertise their firm has when it comes to repairing timber bridges .
`` Good structural engineers do n't like to deal with things they do n't understand well , '' Tingley said .
'Good structural engineers do n't like to deal with things they do n't understand , ' says Tingley to try to explain why the government wo n't consider their ideas . ( Submitted )
`` So they 'll quickly move off to steel and concrete alternatives . ''
Tingley said their firm would use advanced techniques and materials such as Kevlar and carbon to fix the bridge .
While Tingley said the work he 's offering would not only save the heritage bridge , it would also be done at a small fraction of the cost and time the province is pitching .
Fraser said at a meeting Tuesday night that the earliest the route would reopen would be 2018 .
Has n't heard from Tingley recently
Tingley said they could do it within six weeks , for about a third of the $ 1 million in projected repairs the province had previously made .
When asked about the pitch , Fraser said that `` Dr. Tingley has not reached out to myself or our department on this bridge , nor has they inspected the bridge . ''
That 's not entirely accurate , according to Tingley .
Following their offer to lend the province a temporary bridge this spring to end a lengthy closure on Route 114 , Tingley said they met with Fraser and their staff .
During that meeting , Tingley said , they showed several photos of bridges across the province , including the Hammond River No . 2 .
`` We showed the photos of that bridge situation in our presentation in May , subsequent to the failure of the bridge with the excavator , '' they said .
But Fraser said the meeting was never about the Hammond River bridge , and they have to rely on the advice and expertise of their engineers and those in the private sector .
Overtures to media bother Fraser
Fraser says they do n't like Dan Tingley 's pattern of sharing their bridge proposals with the news media . ( Brian Chisholm , CBC )
Fraser also took issue with Tingley 's approach to the Hammond River bridge and other matters .
`` He has a rather unique approach of trying to approach this through the media and through public meetings , '' said Fraser .
`` I would think they would want to deal directly with the people in my department . ''
At their meeting in May , Fraser said , they became aware of several `` discrepancies '' with what Tingley had said publicly about fixing the bridge on Route 114 .
`` He was n't planning on offering a free bridge , '' Fraser said . Nor would be be able to do the work in 30 days , as they said to the media , the minister said .
`` He 's just wrong , '' said Tingley , who maintained they had indeed intended to offer a free loaner bridge .
`` They were talking about it taking two or three months to get back in traffic , '' said Tingley .
`` It was a hardship on the community and I knew could provide a solution . ''
Will keep talking timber
Fraser 's recollection from the meeting that Tingley `` was n't interested in doing business in the province of New Brunswick '' was also incorrect , they said .
`` In the session , the insinuation was , if I do n't stop talking about timber bridges to the outside and go directly to them , then you know , it 's going to be hard for me to sell them , '' said Tingley .
`` I said 'basically if I ca n't talk about timber bridges and the value of timber bridges to the public , then I guess I 'm not getting any business in New Brunswick , because I wo n't be silenced . ''
When contacted for clarification of Fraser 's comments , a department spokesperson responded by email : `` Minister Fraser asked me to tell you that it is not their desire to engage in a debate with Mr. Tingley through the media . ''
A singular Uptown institution is expecting a twin on December 3 , when the Camellia Grill is scheduled to open a new location in the French Quarter .
Owner Hicham Khodr , who rescued the diner from post-Katrina limbo when they purchased it in 2006 , promised the new location will be a spitting image of the original .
“ Same menu , same look , same feel , ” they said . “ Nothing has changed . ”
Half the proceeds from the new Camellia 's first three days of business will donate to charity , Khodr said , with the lion 's share going to the Louisiana SPCA .
In 2008 , Khodr opened a second location of Camellia Grill in Destin , Florida , but that restaurant has since closed . The French Quarter location , which is at 540 Chartres St. , will , unlike the original , serve alcohol .
Restaurant writer Brett Anderson can be reached at
or 504.826.3353 . Comment and read more at
.
Share . You could have expressed this before ! ! You could have expressed this before ! !
What if Christian Bale reprised their iconic role as Bruce Wayne for Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice ? According to the noughts ' Batman himself , they were jealous of Ben Affleck 's casting as the Dark Knight , and admits they may have wanted to portray the character again .
Speaking to Empire Magazine ( via ComicBookMovie.com ) , Bale gave their account of hearing the news of Ben Affleck being cast as Batman , and recounts , `` I 've got to admit initially , even though I felt that it was the right time to stop , there was always a bit of me going , 'Oh go on ... Let 's do another . ' ''
Exit Theatre Mode
Bale goes on to describe the moment of regret they felt when they realized the Gone Girl star would replace them as cinema 's Caped Crusader , saying , `` So when I heard there was someone else doing it , there was a moment where I just stopped and stared into nothing for half an hour . ''
How do you feel about the idea of Christian Bale 's Batman meeting Henry Cavill 's Superman ? Could we see this play out someday in a Crisis On Infinite Earths movie ? ( Dare to dream , Bale-believers… )
Exit Theatre Mode
Anthony Couto is a writer for IGN . They co-host a podcast about horrible movie sequels – called Here We Go Again – which you can “ like ” on Facebook . Ponder with them on Twitter at @ AnthCouto or on IGN at TonyCouto .
America wants to help David Henneberry get a new boat .
The Watertown , Mass. , resident became a hero when they discovered suspected Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hiding in their backyard boat .
Henneberry quickly called the cops and in a final standoff , their boat was riddled with bullet holes .
`` That boat 's their baby . They take care of it like you would n't believe . And they told them it 's all shot up , '' Henneberry 's friend and neighbor George Pizzuto told ABC News . `` He 's going to be heartbroken . ''
RELATED : Boston Bomb Suspect Captured Alive in Backyard Boat
Today , people around the country want to make help mend that broken heart .
Deborah Newberry , 62 , of Orlando , Fla. , has already put a $ 25 check in the mail to Henneberry 's home .
`` Something told them to go and check things , '' Newberry told ABCNews.com . `` I just want them to know that people care about them because I know he 's probably the guy that would say , 'Well , that 's okay . ' But I just would like them to know that we 're all thinking about them and appreciate their spirit . ''
They believe Henneberry had to be `` awfully , awfully cool '' to emerge from a daylong lockdown , notice something wrong with their boat , find a bloody man in it and slip away to call police .
`` Just listening to their coolness and how they handled the situation , it was like okay , that is a man who needs to have their boat restored , '' Newberry said .
When asked if they sent Henneberry any note with the check Newberry said no , they simply wrote , `` towards a new boat '' on the check .
`` He does n't know me from Joe Turkey , '' they said with a laugh . `` I want them to go back to their regular little things that they do and do n't have to worry about having a boat . ''
PHOTOS : Second Boston Bomb Suspect Manhunt Concludes
Florida lawyer John Phillips felt the same way .
`` [ The boat ] is fairly insignificant in the grand scheme of things , but that 's what 's significant to him , '' Phillips told ABCNews.com of the bullet-riddled boat . `` If that 's what the guy 's passion is , I have no problem whatsoever chipping in and helping out . ''
Phillips , 38 , is a personal injury attorney in Jacksonville , Fla . They want to send Henneberry $ 1,000 for a new boat since they predict the boat will be held as evidence for some time .
`` He just had their boat shot up and had a terrorist live in it for a day , '' Phillips said . `` If the dude wants an upgraded boat , let 's get the guy a boat without terrorist blood in it . ''
Watertown Police Chief Edward Deveau has been inundated with messages of gratitude and praise as well as requests from people who want to know how they can get a Watertown Police T-shirt .
`` I 'm getting emails and things from all over the world , '' Deveau told ABC News . `` I got an email this morning . Some person in Detroit , Michigan who wants to replace the boat for the Watertown resident that got shot up . I mean , it 's just incredible . ''
People on Twitter are echoing the calls to help Henneberry , hailing them a hero .
`` Bravo , David Henneberry ! You are a true American hero . I say we all pitch in and buy you a new boat . # welldeserved , '' one person tweeted .
Another wrote , `` Some boat company needs to hook David Henneberry up with a new boat . Theirs has a few holes in it . Holey # boats do n't float . ''
Henneberry 's boat is reportedly a 22-foot Seahawk cruiser with a fiberglass hull , which retails for around $ 50,000 .
They did not return ABC News ' request for a comment .
`` It took more than the police department to get it done and that 's the American spirit to me , '' Phillips said . `` It 's one random guy and one random boat ironically in a town named Watertown that 's supposedly landlocked . Truth is stranger than fiction . You could n't write this stuff and be believable . ''
CHICAGO—Assuaging concerns about the safety of the corrective eye treatment , a study published Monday in The Journal Of The American Medical Association found that only 1 in 3 Lasik surgeries end in the laser boring through the eyes , incinerating the brain , and shooting through the skull on the other side . “ Our research found that the fears of people considering a Lasik procedure were generally exaggerated , with only one-third experiencing a searing beam of light that drills through their eyeball , reduces their brain to cinders , and then bursts through the back of their head , ” said lead author Dr. Roger Cardenas , noting that apprehensions about the likelihood of having the contents of one 's brain instantly vaporized often overshadowed the fact that roughly 66 percent of patients who underwent Lasik enjoyed greatly improved vision . “ This is n't to say there is no risk , however , and people should weigh the benefits of never again having to wear glasses or contacts against the possibility that the laser will puncture their retina , liquify all their cerebral matter , explode through their head , and continue straight through the wall behind them. ” Cardenas also clarified that Lasik surgery was different from cataract surgery , which uses suction to remove the clouded-over lens and which vacuums up both eyes and the nose nearly half the time .
Donovan McNabb 's been in the news this week . The former Philadelphia Eagles and Washington Redskins quarterback has been working out and drumming up publicity in an effort to get a job with an NFL team and continue their career . Eagles coach Andy Reid said he 'd recommend McNabb to other teams , which is tough to believe considering they traded them two years ago and needs a veteran backup quarterback and does n't seem interested in signing McNabb himself . We still get plenty of McNabb questions on this blog because Eagles fans still care about them and for good reason . They were a great player for a long time in Philadelphia , and should be remembered fondly there .
But as Ashley Fox points out at the end of their latest column , sometimes the player is the last to know when their career is over . And for McNabb , it obviously appears that that time has come :
McNabb should walk away , head held high , knowing they impacted at least one franchise for the better . They are the Eagles ' most accomplished quarterback of all time , with more attempts , completions , passing yards , touchdowns and games played than anyone else . In 11 years , McNabb played in 148 regular-season games and went to the playoffs seven times , including five NFC title games and one Super Bowl . Their legacy is set . They were an iconic player . They are n't perfect , and there are indelible marks on their tenure -- they either did or did n't get sick in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl , they did n't know the overtime rules in a 2008 game at Cincinnati , they either are or was n't jealous of Terrell Owens , and on and on -- but McNabb is the best modern-day quarterback the franchise has had . McNabb will be up for discussion for the Pro Football Hall of Fame , but the last two seasons have n't helped him . There is no reason to add meaningless years to the journey and prolong the inevitable . McNabb should start the next phase of their life . They will make an insightful television analyst , and they might even find peace in being the one to critique and criticize , rather than being the one who is critiqued and criticized .
We 've been saying this for a while here on this blog -- that McNabb is more likely to be working for the same company I do than playing quarterback for an NFL team in 2012 . There simply is n't any evidence over the past two years to indicate that they can possibly be of use to any team in the league . He 's not , as Ashley points out , interested in serving as a mentor/backup to a young quarterback , or that 's what he 'd have done last year in Minnesota . And since no team needs or wants them as a starter , he 's got no real avenue for a return to the league . It may take them some time to realize this , but McNabb 's done as an NFL quarterback , and I agree with Ashley : Continuing to deny it is only going to cost them pieces of their dignity . There 's no need for that .
President Trump 's decision to reduce the size of the Bears Ears and Staircase-Escalante National Monuments in Utah , announced Monday on their visit to the state , is a good one and an example of their policies that will benefit every American who enjoys national parks and monuments .
We should all thank the president for their administration 's efforts to look at the facts , listen to the people , and act to roll back restrictive and unnecessary national monument designations that provide few advantages to the American people .
While such designations may sound good on the surface , in reality they have strained land management budgets and limited public access to beautiful places .
The Trump administration has been on the ground listening to those who bear the burden of these decisions – unlike the Clinton and Obama administrations , which showed little interest in talking to local people before locking up millions of acres of land around them .
The Trump administration has seen firsthand what I saw when I represented some of these areas in Congress – that the consequences of locking down the West have been severe .
Overly expansive monument designations – like the two multimillion-acre monuments in Utah – could have been spent on existing park treasures .
I applaud the president for having the courtesy to do what their predecessors never did – visiting Utah personally to deliver the news that will positively impact those who love and care for these lands . Their attention is a far cry from President Clinton making their Grand Staircase-Escalante Monument announcement from another state and President Obama issuing a press release with the wrong photo of Bears Ears .
The notion that our only option for managing public land is a restrictive monument designation is false . In truth , we can build bathrooms and fire pits , and accommodate hunting , fishing , grazing , and permit accessibility without destroying the land . In places where restrictive conservation rules are less justified , we can even authorize responsible resource extraction .
Each time the federal government levies new land designations , that new designation and management plan competes with existing parks and monuments for funding .
The National Park Service suffers from a $ 12 billion maintenance backlog – meaning crumbling buildings , roads , and bridges can not be repaired or replaced . Overly expansive monument designations – like the two multimillion-acre monuments in Utah – could have been spent on existing park treasures .
In the case of Bears Ears National Monument , all of that land was already federal land mostly managed for conservation use . With President Obama 's monument designation , the maintenance fell to the already-strapped National Park Service . Many of these lands were once managed successfully by other agencies – like the Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Forest Service – and can be again .
But freeing up more money for national parks is n't the only advantage of Monday 's decision . Access to these places will be expanded , not restricted , as required in large-scale national monuments .
By lifting restrictions on motorized access , President Trump makes these lands available to more than just the able-bodied . With expanded access , the elderly , disabled and even wounded veterans can utilize bikes or off-highway vehicles to access spectacular places .
Furthermore , those who wish to use the land for other purposes – such as hunting , fishing , camping , and outdoor recreation – will now also have access .
For Utah Native Americans , this improved access is important . For centuries , they have used the land around the Bears Ears National Monument to hunt , gather , and worship . Many would come on foot while others would utilize off-highway vehicles to collect firewood , gather medicinal herbs or meet in specific locations for religious ceremonies .
The federal government could preclude these uses under a restrictive monument designation – as it has in Arizona 's Canyon de Chelly , Wupatki and even Utah 's Natural Bridges .
Monument designations – particularly the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument – have been routinely abused in an effort to lock down resource-rich areas that do not meet objective criteria for preservation .
By unlocking these otherwise unremarkable areas , President Trump enables high-paying resource extraction jobs to return to rural communities – a process that not only helps local economic development , but reduces U.S. dependence on foreign imports .
Protecting our most beautiful places is important . But we do n't have to lock people out to do it . We do n't have to put further strain on federal land management budgets . We certainly do n't need to decimate rural economies . President Trump has done the right thing . All of us will be the beneficiaries of this decision .
The promises of 5G have been swirling for the last few years -- but , finally , the mobile broadband service is getting closer to reality .
Verizon announced Wednesday that it will begin testing its fifth-generation wireless service in 11 markets across the country , from rural areas to dense urban centers .
5G provides speeds up to 40 times faster than 4G , and it 's expected to eventually impact connected everything from self-driving cars to robots .
The pilot will be available to customers in Ann Arbor , Michigan ; Atlanta ; Bernardsville , New Jersey ; Brockton , Massachusetts ; Dallas ; Denver ; Houston ; Miami ; Sacramento ; Seattle ; and Washington , D.C .
Verizon ( VZ ) will begin tests during the first half of this year .
Related : What a world with 5G will look like
Verizon said it will select pilot customers based on their proximity to the new 5G towers and contact them about participating in the trial directly .
5G tests have been conducted for the past few years in labs and prototype environments . Now , Verizon is testing the tech that will eventually be rolled out when 5G is available everywhere -- which is n't expected until 2020 .
AT & T ( T ) also plans to test 5G outside the lab . The company will begin testing 5G with DirecTV Now customers in Austin soon .
Faster broadband means you 'll be able to download and consume more high-quality video . It also means you 'll pay more for data .
A jury has been presented with two sharply different interpretations of the events that led to the shooting death of Sammy Yatim on a Toronto streetcar more than two years ago .
Toronto police Constable James Forcillo either fired their weapon without reasonable cause nine times at the 18-year-old high school student . Or , the officer acted lawfully to protect the public from an angry knife-wielding attacker high on drugs who refused to surrender , even with eight bullets in their body .
Constable Forcillo is on trial on charges of second-degree murder and attempted murder in the death of Mr. Yatim , who was killed in the confrontation with police in the early morning hours of July 27 , 2013 .
Story continues below advertisement
The Ontario Superior Court trial began on Tuesday with the jury hearing opening arguments from the Crown and the defence .
Crown attorney Milan Rupic said the `` fundamental issue '' for the jury is to decide whether the officer had `` reasonable grounds '' to use lethal force .
`` The Crown intends to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the shooting of Sammy Yatim was not necessary and it was not reasonable , '' Mr. Rupic said .
The jury heard that the shooting and many of the actions of Mr. Yatim and police are captured on surveillance video from the streetcar , and video images taken by onlookers .
Mr. Yatim boarded a westbound streetcar on Dundas Street shortly before midnight . For about 10 minutes , they sat quietly and then suddenly unzipped their pants , exposed their penis and pulled out a 10-centimetre switchblade . Mr. Yatim swung the knife in `` an arc motion '' in front of a female passenger . `` The knife did not touch the woman and they were not cut and not scratched , '' Mr. Rupic said .
The streetcar driver immediately stopped the vehicle and opened the door for people to get off . They then engaged in a conversation with Mr. Yatim , who wanted a phone to call their father , the Crown said .
The first officers on the scene after passengers called 911 were Constable Forcillo and their partner . Within seconds , four others arrived .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Constable Forcillo , outside the door of the vehicle , drew their weapon and demanded the young man drop their knife . Mr. Yatim refused , and mocked police .
`` This standoff between the defendant Forcillo and Sammy Yatim lasted less than 50 seconds , '' the Crown said .
The officer discharged their weapon three times after Mr. Yatim took a step forward in the streetcar . One of the first three shots , which struck Mr. Yatim in the heart , was the cause of death . Another shot from the initial volley severed their spine and left them paralyzed on the floor of the vehicle . About five seconds later , the officer fired six more shots , five of which hit Mr. Yatim in the area of the groin .
Defence lawyer Peter Brauti told the jury their client did not have the option to back up . `` Officer Forcillo was duty-bound to hold the line , to put themselves in danger to protect the public , '' they said .
Mr. Yatim had been a significant danger to the public on the streetcar , suggested the defence lawyer . In front of a 12-year-old passenger `` he was rubbing their penis in one hand and they were armed with [ a ] switch blade in the other hand , '' Mr. Brauti said . They added that the girl 's aunt will testify that they believe they would have been killed if they had not `` jerked back '' when Mr. Yatim swung the knife .
Constable Forcillo will testify at the trial in their defence . And they will explain that they believed that in the instant before they fired their weapon , Mr. Yatim had a `` tough guy , bring-it-on approach , with an angry look on their face , '' Mr. Brauti said .
Story continues below advertisement
The jury will hear from the first Crown witness on Wednesday in what is expected to be a two-month trial .
Special to The Globe and Mail
Cuba 's newly-formed Libertarian Party has already experienced the brute force and tyranny of the Castro regime , simply for having liberty-minded ideas .
All of the present activists at Cuba 's Libertarian Party HQ were arrested late Wednesday evening for “ illicit association. ” Cuban law states that “ anyone belongs to an unregistered association can be fined or imprisoned for between one and three months . ”
Cuba 's personalist , communist regime has thwarted any attempt at freedom of political thought among its citizens .
The formation of a Libertarian Party in Cuba immediately caught the eye of Raul Castro 's regime and resulted in forceful actions intended at halting the party 's growth . In a correspondence between our Managing Editor Dillon Eliassen and Libertarian Party of Cuba 's spokesperson Nelson Rodriguez Chartrand , Nelson details the recent arrests , along with the government 's persistent tyrannical quashing of thought and association :
Dillon Eliassen : Please describe what happened , the arrest , and what the Cuban police told you .
Nelson Rodriguez Chartrand : At 11:00am [ on Wednesday , May 31st ] , three members of the State Security Forces arrived at the Benjamin Franklin Libertarian Library , which is also the headquarters for the Cuban Libertarian Party . They threatened and accused us of public disorder , which is untrue from a strict perspective , because we were inside the house , completely quiet , and we were within our own private property . They said we could not leave the house nor let anyone inside . We were surrounded .
45 minutes later , more or less , a group of 15 agents specialized in murder , from the special brigade , entered our headquarters violently and attacked us while they ravished the house . Caridad ( President ) , Heriberto ( Vice-President ) and Eduardo ( party member ) were transported to Vivac Detention , and Miguel and I were sent to Cotorro Detention Center . Written warnings were issued to each us for illicit association , which is a crime according to the criminal code . They know we are part of a political party , which is illegal . In Cuba , only the Communist Party is legal .
Caridad , Miguel and I were forced to leave barefoot .
After numerous threats , we were released at 2:00 am . Caridad and Heriberto arrived after 3:00 , so did Eduardo .
Miguel and I were released 30 kilometers away from the library where we were captured . We had been fasting for four days in a row . We arrived at the party headquarters barefoot and exhausted at around 5:00 .
Dillon : Has this happened before ? What other examples are there of the Cuban government clamping down on your activities ?
Nelson : Of course . Before we even had a library or a political party , security forces entered the house and emptied an entire bookshelf . That happens everyday with total impunity . I have participated in several complaints , but they always remain unsolved .
Dillon : Please provide some basic info about your organization . How many members , the mission statement , progress of the movement , etc .
Nelson : There is the Benjamin Franklin Libertarian Library , specializing in libertarian affairs and nothing more . This library aims to disseminate the ideas of freedom on the basis of the logic of individualistic thinking . We want to extend it to the full width and length of the country .
This library is the source of knowledge which nourishes the Jose Marti Cuban Libertarian Party . This party aims to carry out a program of demands and proposals so the state can adopt a social structure that guarantees freedom to all its citizens .
We provide conferences , debates , rounds of conversations , etc . every month .
We consist of 16 members , so far .
[ The government ] demands we leave the party , they will not allow it to prosper . Warnings were issued , although they were not signed by any of the libertarians , for them it has legal effect .
UPDATE : This story has taken a turn into absurdity ; what was an example of a tyrannical government suppressing free speech and other civil liberties has devolved into something resembling a chapter from Catch-22 . From one of our sources that has direct contact with the Cuban Libertarian Party :
The team received an indictment last night . Since 2 are on a hunger strike ( the ones who were sent back walking ) , our president and vicepresident are paramedics , so they are being indicted for “ abandonment ” for not nourishing the hungry… They have to go to court today at 11:00am . We hope they do n't get detained . Those on hunger strike , in solidarity with our members illegaly imprisoned , offered to stop the strike tomorrow to avoid legal actions against the party itself… You do n't even have the right to fast in Cuba . In Cuba , dissidents ca n't work legally , hence they do n't receive money . So they literally starve . The problem arises when you CHOOSE to starve , let alone choose to do it in solidarity with imprisoned dissidents…
Check back for more updates on this story .
Photo credit : Partido Libertario Cubano
As the adoption of vSphere Content Library continues to grow , I am seeing more questions from our field and customers around content distribution . In case you did not know , vSphere Content Library ( CL as I will be refering to it going forward ) has its own built-in native replication mechanism which allows customers to easily publish and subscribe to libraries from either within a single vCenter Server instance or even between two completely different vCenter Servers ( regardless of deployment topology and/or SSO Domain configurations ) .
Content distribution or replication is handled by CL which is a service within the vCenter Server . If content is being replicated from within a single vCenter Server and the ESXi hosts can communicate with each other , then direct host to host transfer is used , also referred to as Network File Copy ( NFC ) , rather than going through vCenter Server . When content is transfered between two vCenter Servers , then the data travels through vCenter Server using standard HTTPS ( 443 ) by default . In the latter scenario , if you have configured Enhanced Linked Mode for your vCenter Servers , then NFC will be used unless ESXi hosts can not communicate with each other than , it will automatically fall back to the default HTTPS which is pretty cool .
One thing that may not be very well known is that customers actually have a choice in how their CL content is replicated . In addition to native replication which currently does not support incremental/detla updates , meaning all file transfers are full copies , CL can also support external replication . In fact , many customers today already have existing methods for efficiently replicating large amounts of data across multiple datacenters whether that is replication built into their storage arrays , network appliances or some other means . For these customers , you can still benefit from CL while continue to take advantage of your existing methods of replication .
So how does it work ? When you create a published library , there is an associated set of metadata that describes the content itself and its location within the underlying storage system . This metadata is stored internally within CL and is used to communicate to other subscriber CLs on what content to synchronize and make available in their respective vCenter Server . This all happens transparently between a publisher and subscriber CL without any user involvement as one would expect . If you just copied the underlying CL files without this additional metadata , when you go and subscribe to the published CL , it will have no idea about these existing files and simply download the content again .
To prevent this `` double '' copy for externally replicated CLs , there is actually an advanced library setting called persist_json_enabled that can only be configured when using the Content Library REST API to persist and store the metadata that we had talked about earlier . With both the content and the metadata files being available during a subscriber CL creation , we are effectively performing a zero copy of the data since we already have the content and can make available for use immediately . To demonstrate this and some other useful CL APIs , I have updated my Content Library PowerCLI Module to include some new additional functions to aide in setting up an externally replicated CL .
Lets now make this more concrete by walking through an example . Below is a screenshot of VC1 ( vcenter65-1 ) and it has a published CL ( VC1-ContentLibrary ) which is stored on an datastore ( iSCSI-01 ) and I will configure it to support external replication so that I can have the exact same content residing on VC2 ( vcenter65-3 ) with a subscribed CL ( VC2-ContentLibrary ) without having the CLs transfer any data between the two . You will need to have the latest PowerCLI release installed if you wish to make use of my CL PowerCLI module ( Content Library API can be accessed through variety of vSphere Automation SDKs ) .
As mentioned earlier , the persist_json_enabled property is only available when using the CL REST API , so I have enhanced my Get-ContentLibrary function to include a bunch more useful information including this property ( JSONPersistence ) as shown in the screenshot below .
If we now login to an ESXi host which has access to the underlying storage of the CL , we can see the CL layout which includes unique IDs for each item that is uploaded to the CL and if we go inside one of the directories , we can see the actual file items as you would expect .
To enable the persistence of the JSON metadata file , you can do this when creating a new CL by using the New-LocalContentLibrary function and passing in the -JSONPersistence $ true option or you can update an existing CL that you had already created by using the Set-ContentLibrary function . To do so , first login to the CIS API endpoint by using the Connect-CiSServer cmdlet and then run one of the following commands :
Here is an example of enabling the setting :
Set-ContentLibrary -LibraryName VC1-ContentLibrary -JSONPersistenceEnabled
Here is an example of disabling the setting :
Set-ContentLibrary -LibraryName VC1-ContentLibrary -JSONPersistenceDisabled
Note : Enabling/Disabling of JSON persistence is merely storing or deleting the metadata files . It has no impact to CL usage and can be done while CL is in use . It should also be noted that a CL configured with JSON persistence can continue to work with standard subscribed CLs , there is no impact to making the CL available through the traditional method which is also really nice .
If we now take a look at our storage system again , you should see several JSON files that have now been created which reflects the current CL metadata . These files will automatically be updated based on changes made within CL itself .
At this point , you are now ready to `` replicate '' your CL to your remote location . As mentioned earlier , this can be done through a variety of tools such as native array replication or even something as a simple as rsync or SCP in my case for demonstration purposes . When duplicating the CL content directory , you can rename the top level directory name from contentlib- [ UUID ] to anything you want , but make sure to leave all other directory and files names alone . Once you have completed replicating the CL , you can disconnect from your CIS API endpoint of your source vCenter Server and connect to your destination CIS API endpoint using the Connect-CiSServer cmdlet again . You will also need to connect to the vCenter Server using Connect-VIServer cmdlet , this is needed to perform an ID lookup of the datastore you wish to create the new CL on .
In my environment , I have copied the content to another datastore ( iSCSI-02 ) which you can see from the screenshot below . This datastore is also being managed by a different vCenter Server ( vcenter65-3 ) than the publisher CL and I have also renamed the top level replicated CL to myExtReplicatedContentLibrary . If you decide to rename the top level directory , please make a note of this as you will need this for later when creating your new subscriber CL .
Next , to consume our externally replicated CL , we need to create a new subscriber CL by using the new New-ExtReplicatedContentLibrary function using the following example :
New-ExtReplicatedContentLibrary -LibraryName VC2-ContentLibrary -DatastoreName iSCSI-02 -SubscribeLibraryName myExtReplicatedContentLibrary
The function is pretty straight forward , you simply provide the name of the new CL , the datastore in which the CL has been replicated to and the directory name of the subscribed library you had replicated to earlier . If everything was successful , you should now have a new CL that is subscribing to the replicated content that you had copied over earlier . You can kind of think kind of a loop back mount and no data is actually being sent across the wire between the two vCenter Servers . Pretty cool , huh ! ?
If we now run the Get-ContentLibrary function , we should see our new subscribed CL and you will notice the subscribed URL is actually a datastore reference rather than a URL , which is what we expect for consuming an externally replicated CL .
If we login to our vSphere Web/H5 Client , we can also verify that we see the new CL and the content that was externally replicated and you can start consuming this CL and its content immediately !
As you can see the process is fairly straight forward and customers can now take advantage of their existing replication tools to easily distribute CL content across multiple datacenters .
Note1 : Currently there is not a way to distinguish between a regular subscribe CL versus an externally replicated CL other than the subscription URL with prefix URI of `` ds : // '' . This is only visible using either the CL REST API or vSphere Web ( Flex ) Client as the H5 Client does not currently display the subscription URL . Hopefully this will be updated in a future H5 update to include this useful bit of information on the source of the subscription URL .
Note2 : When deleting an externally replicated CL using either the UI or API , the CL will be removed but the actual content on the filesystem will still persist . To delete the files , you will need to go to the datastore view and then delete the top level directory of the CL .
Note3 : In case it was not apparent , when consuming an externally replicated CL , it is the customers responsibility to ensure that both the content and the JSON metadata files are synchronized on some perodic schedule to ensure that the subscribed CLs will pick up any changes made from the source published CL .
Additional Resources :
The Friend Zone .
That simple little phrase is enough to make men the world over pull their hair out in frustration .
It 's dating purgatory—oh-so-close to being on their radar , yet so very , very far away .
In this post , I want to cover the “ friend zone ” in as much detail as humanly possible . You 're going to see why the concept exists , why you end up there , and how you can get out .
What Is The Friend Zone ?
Simply put , the friend zone is where attraction goes to die .
When it comes to meeting the opposite sex we have two choices . Do we make friends with them or do we put on our game face and see if we can make sparks fly ?
Excuse the generalization , but as a guy if we like a girl , we like a girl . It 's rare that we would put a girl in the friend zone if we were interested in them .
But for women , it 's different you see . They have a friend zone switch . And it can get turned on and turned off in a second . If they do n't have feelings for the guy or the guy lacks the confidence to pursue her , they could almost instantly land in the friend zone .
And when you 're in the friend zone . There 's almost no coming back . Them sexual desire turn off for you . At this point they basically view you as a brother . And no girl wants to have sex with their brother . ( gross )
And on top of it all , it 's a manipulative place to be . No , she 's not manipulating you . You 're manipulating her ! You 're lying to them by taking the back door into a relationship , hoping that one day they will see you as a lover . At this point you 're tricking them into spending time with you . That 's not the way a healthy relationship starts out .
Why Are You In The Friend Zone ?
Turns out , there are three main reasons why nice guys like you end up in the friend zone . If I had a dollar for every time I was in the friend zone , I would go out right now and get the new iPhone .
If you want to have a chance in avoiding the BFF status , you have to nail fix all three of these at the same time , so read closely . Every guy is in the friend zone for one or more of the below reasons .
Reason # 1 : Your intentions are n't clear .
You would n't believe how many guys I 've coached in the past who wind up in this situation .
They say something like this :
“ Tripp , I 've been friends with this really hot girl for almost a year now . I 've been waiting and waiting for everything to fall into place , but it 's like they do n't even know I 'm interested ! What can I do ? ”
My response is always :
“ Well , did you ever tell them you 're interested ? ”
Usually , the answer is a resounding “ no . ”
How is a woman supposed to know you 're into them if you 're just acting like a brother ? If you treat them like a sister , why on earth would they suspect that you 're interested ?
Why do guys struggle with making their intentions clear ? Well , that brings us to the next point .
Reason # 2 : You 're terrified of rejection .
That fear will always stop you dead in your tracks from asking them out .
“ She 'll never say yes . ”
“ If they turn me down , I 'll be so embarrassed . ”
“ I just have to wait until the perfect time . ”
Well , guess what ? You know how many cute girls you 'll date if you 're afraid of rejection ?
You want the cold hard truth ? Chances are that they will reject you . But guess what ? That 's not a bad thing ! Most girls over the course of your dating experience will reject you or you will reject them . It does n't work out with every single person you meet . That 's just dating .
Rejection is feared by many but it should be embraced by all . When you get rejected it does n't mean that you 're a bad person . Instead it just means you 're not doing it right and there 's room for improvement . And that is all .
Improvement you 're asking ? Improve what ? Let 's go to reason # 3 .
Reason # 3 : You have n't sparked attraction .
It boils down to this : if they do n't see you as a potential mate , then she 'll see you as a friend . Plain and simple .
The best way to avoid and escape the friend zone is by sparking attraction . With women , attraction is n't logical . It 's not a choice , as famous dating coach David DeAngelo has once said . They do n't wake up one day and say , “ yes , I do like him ! ”
What you have to do is make them feel something . There 's no convincing . There 's no argument . There 's no pleading . You need to turn the attraction switch on . Let 's talk about how to do that .
How To Avoid The Friend Zone
Do n't be their friend . That 's the answer .
But how ?
You want to be a sexual threat to them They need to understand that when she 's around you that you are going to be pursuing them
You want to know the difference between friendship and sexual relationships ?
One word : Tension .
There 's no tension in a friendship . None . However , when you 're with a girl and you 're building attraction , tension is the name of the game .
How do we do this as a man ?
You BE a man .
Because BEING a man is what emits masculinity and when a woman feels a strong masculine presence , they get turned on . Do n't believe me ? Let 's look at the opposite .
When you 're turned on by a woman and feel an urge to talk to her , you 're being stimulated by them femininity . I curves , them breasts , their scent , them hair , their feminine walk , their higher pitched voice , them hips…etc . And you want to have sex with them when you feel and see this , right ?
The same happens when a woman gets a chance at feeling your masculinity . Because when the polarity between masculine and feminine hits , attraction is sparked .
How do we do this ?
We do this by leading the interaction , having strong masculine body language , and being challenging .
Leading the interaction means that you are in control of the situations . You start the conversation . You ask the girl out . You pick the spot . You start being physical when you want to start being physical . You MAKE THE DECISION .
Masculine body language means you stand face-to-face/shoulder-to-shoulder with her , stand with your tallest posture , look them in the eye and speak from your diaphragm . That is how you emit your physical masculinity .
Being a challenge means not being so easy to get . Do n't manipulate your schedule in order to make sure you can see them Play little games of “ push/pull ” to build the sexual tension . You can tease them for being a nerd ( push ) , but you can also tell them you want to see them again ( pull ) .
Lastly , you have to stop caring if you lose them
Wait , what ? How is that even possible ?
“ Tripp , I do n't want to screw up our friendship by asking them out ! ”
Well , that 's a risk you simply have to take . Imagine three scenarios after you ask them out :
• They think you 're weird and never wants to talk to you again
• They say no , and you remain friends
• They say yes , and becomes your girlfriend
Think the first scenario is scary ?
In my opinion , if a girl thinks you 're creepy or weird , or freaks out in this situation , they were a pretty bad friend to begin with . You 've saved yourself a ton of time and cut a toxic person out of your life .
If they say no and you can mutually agree to remain friends , great ! Now you can focus on available women .
Of course , they could also say yes . So what originally looked like a bad outcome , a good one and a neutral one really turn out to be three positive outcomes .
So what do you really have to lose by being courageous ? Nothing . You ALWAYS win .
Is there any way to claw yourself out of the friend zone once you 're already there ? Let 's discuss .
How To Escape The Friend Zone
Time for a little more honesty : getting out of the Friend Zone is difficult . It 's way harder than avoiding it in the first place .
It 's still possible , though .
Let 's examine the traits of the average “ friend-zoned nice guy ” , and look at how we can reverse the damage .
First of all , guys who are in the friend zone are always available . When they call , texts , or shows up crying at your doorstep , you 're there to fix their problems . You 're basically like one of their female friends , except you do n't have the luxury of telling them your problems . It 's one-sided .
So , at this point you have two options .
Risk the friendship by building attraction Stay friends with them for social proof
Let 's start with # 1 .
Just telling them that you like them is has a very slim chance of working . Like I said earlier , attraction is not a choice . Just because you say that does n't mean they will instantly like you back . So instead we have to play the game .
You can try to build attraction , but if it does n't work then you might lose them as a friend . If you 're okay with that then let 's go with my 3-step process .
Step 1 ) Make Yourself Scarce
Stop responding to their messages . Do n't rush to bring their carryout when she 's running late for dinner . Do n't be an emotional sponge for their problems 24/7 .
Instead , make them wonder . Make them wonder where you are , what you 're doing , why you are n't answering .
This uncertainty will turn to fear , and could gradually become a spark of desire .
Step 2 ) Work On Your Reinvention & Attraction Building Skills
It 's not just about “ being scarce ” . But , you actually need to create your own life . In fact , build a lifestyle that a woman would want to be part of . Keep busy doing interesting things , instead of pining after one woman who does n't even like you yet .
Get into the gym . Buy some nice clothes . Get passionate about your work . Make friends that do the things you like . Actually keep busy instead of feigning it . Hell , you might not even care about them at this point because you 're off doing cool shit . However , when they do come back in , they will see how much fun you 're having and will ( hopefully ) want to be part of it .
What I am really trying to do here is get you far away from the idea of them as possible , so you can build up your own life and meet more women . Ideally , I would like you to be working on building your attraction skills . You should be meeting other women and practicing approaching and talking to other girls . That way , you can see how many other women there are and you can live an abundant life , rather than zoning in on one girl .
Step 3 ) The Seduction
Remember when I said that a woman wants to be with a MAN ? And do you remember when I outlined above how to do that ? Well , this is where we use this stuff . It 's time to show them your masculinity and start building sexual tension .
The easiest way to do this is by pretending like anything in the past with you and them never happened and this is a completely new girl . Do n't think of them as your “ friend ” but a woman you want to pursue and sleep with . This will spark the desire that they need to feel attracted .
Give them a call ( or wait for theirs if she 's still regularly contacting you ) and start building attraction . When you see her , lead the interaction , emit masculine body language , use some push/pull and break the touch barrier . Yes , touch them Do n't be afraid to spin them around , give them a hug , or even give them a kiss .
Remember this , a woman 's reality is in the moment . She 's not thinking logically about what happened 3 months ago when you first hung out . If they feel your masculinity in the moment at hand , they will start to feel something for you .
Furthermore , you can introduce them to some of the new girls you 've met over the course of the 3 months you 've moved on and create a jealousy plot line . This is going to show them that you are liked by other girls and gets them thinking about you on a non-sexual level . Bring your new girlfriends ( even if they are just friends ) around when you see them again . Watch what happens when they know you 've been spending time with other women .
Let 's move on to your second option : Stay friends with them for social proof .
WARNING : Staying friends still might be difficult for you because in the back of your head you may think you still have a chance . If these feelings still stick around and you ca n't truly be friends with them then I would move on and find new , real friends .
Now , if you can handle being friends with them then this is a great opportunity to meet new hot girls with whom you can build attraction .
There 's a theory created by Mystery , one of the most famous pickup artists in the world , called pre-selection . It 's the idea that a woman will be attracted to you if they know you are “ pre-selected ” by another woman . It 's like a secret code between females . If a girl sees you with another girl ( or girls ) then they must think there 's something about you that got you with the girl they see you with .
This new friend of yours can help you demonstrate pre-selection . Go out with them to the bars . Take them around to introduce you to their friends . Take advantage of this friendship so you can get easier access to girls you can build attraction with .
Demolishing The Friend Zone
Remember , it 's way easier to avoid the Friend Zone than escape from it .
The best news is that these tips will help you create a positive feedback loop when it comes to dating . Meaning…
You will avoid the friend zone the next time you approach a girl
Instead of fantasizing about them for months , you have a meaningful relationship
You approach another woman . They turn you down . Instead of falling into their orbit and settling for friendship , you use what you 've learned to stay positive and find someone worthwhile
Really , once you 've gone through this process at least once , you 're basically getting a vaccine against Friend-Zoneitis . You 'll be immune , because you know the grass really is greener on the other side—you 've been there before .
I hope these tips have demystified the friend zone a bit . While the phenomenon is an emotional black hole for many men , I 'm confident you can escape its pull .
Be strong , be courageous , be direct , and get the girl .
BUCHAREST ( Reuters ) - A Romanian politician who escaped a potential manslaughter investigation due to their parliamentary immunity said on Friday they would resign from the senate to allow the probe to go ahead .
Thousands of Romanians took to the streets in protest at the Senate 's decision to shut down the investigation - a case they say is a symptom of wider corruption in the political system that is under scrutiny from the European Union .
In late 2015 , Gabriel Oprea , then deputy prime minister , was traveling in a motorcade to which they were not entitled when Bogdan Gigina , one of their police escorts , died after their motorbike hit a pothole in rainy conditions .
Anti-corruption prosecutors had asked senators to approve an inquiry into whether Oprea , by using the motorcade , was responsible for the accident , but they declined , sparking the street protests that were due to continue later on Friday .
“ I am not hiding behind any immunity and , like the Gigina family , I want the truth about the accident , ” Oprea said on their Facebook account . They have denied wrongdoing .
On Thursday , they said they would ask the senate to repeat the vote and approve the inquiry this time around , but it was unclear whether procedures allowed it .
“ To disperse all doubt , I am announcing that I will resign from the senate , ” Oprea said .
Once their resignation becomes official , prosecutors need approval for the inquiry from the president , a legal requirement for all former cabinet ministers .
President Klaus Iohannis had criticized the senate vote to stop the investigation and is likely to greenlight it .
“ He may still love you . They probably do . They probably do n't know what they want . They probably still thinks about you all the time . But that is n't what matters . What matters is what he 's doing about it , and what he 's doing about it is nothing . And if he 's doing nothing , you most certainly should n't do anything . You need someone who goes out of their way to make it obvious that they want you in their life. ” ~ Anonymous
.
My beautiful sweet woman—I know that you love him , but please know that any man who says goodbye to you is out of their mind .
I know that it 's tempting to sit in patient waiting , wishing on falling stars and believing that maybe the timing just was n't right—or that maybe this lost man just needs to figure out things before they can be with you—but those sweet smelling lies only make us feel better . They do n't actually help to fix the reality of the situation .
They left you . Perhaps without reason or notice , but nevertheless they are gone from the place that you had held on reserve for them in your life .
You are a glorious , wild woman who breathes meaning into even the most skeptical of hearts , and while I know that it 's tempting to be the martyr and not give up on this man—the truth is he 's never asked you to wait .
They are n't off to war fighting valiant battles , knowing in the end they will return to you , because they have n't given you any reason to hold onto their memory tighter than they ever tried to hold onto you .
If they were the man for you , darlin'—he would still be here . But he 's not .
They might be out of their mind—or maybe they just does n't know who they are , and therefore has no real idea of what they want . But regardless of the reason , they are not the man for you .
You are simply incredible—not when you are dressed to set the town on fire in elegance , but when you wake up with the constellations of dreams still blurry in your eyes . You are breathtaking as you look out at the fresh new tangerine sunrise , knowing that there is n't anything that can get between you and the ambitions that beat as fierce as your courageous heart .
You are wonderful , simply because of the woman you are , and the man who truly wants to walk beside you in this life wo n't ever let you go .
Do n't buy into the philosophy that love has to be hard , or that we owe it to the men we love to never give up on them , even when they have already forgotten the way we kissed them so sweetly .
Love is real , and it does exist , but it has to be a two way street . Both parties have to be willing to meet each other halfway on that journey as well .
I 'm not doubting their love for you , because there is n't any way that a man could grow that close to you and not love you—but feeling love and the action of love are two different things .
And you my glorious goddess , deserve a warrior who would go to the ends of the earth , bending time and space in half if it meant just one more moment of having you in their arms . Not a love that makes you second guess what will happen even tomorrow .
It 's easy to say that just because “ it 's not working out now ” does n't mean that it wo n't work out a week or month from now—but my beautiful soul , just because you were born with a deep faith in all that you hold dear , does n't mean that it will come to fruition either .
Sometimes you just have to accept that if a man can actually walk away from you—then he 's not the one who deserves to be by your side .
The worst torture you can inflict upon yourself is to think that somehow this man 's leaving is a reflection of the woman you are or your precious worth .
My beautiful fierce woman , not everyone can stand next to the sun and endure its warms rays—and not every man can handle having a woman who is the best thing that 's ever happened to him .
This man leaving you is merely a reflection of their own sense of self-worth , because the thing is , no matter how hard you ever loved him , you could never show them how much they deserved you , when they had n't yet learned to love himself .
Because no matter what you did—or even continually do—that is a lesson that they have to learn for themselves through the bittersweet trenches of solitude .
And when they do—he just may come back .
They may finally realize what a mistake they have made , because now they see that all other women just pale in comparison to you—that they lost the sun while chasing the shadows of their passing fancies .
But by then my dear , it will be too late .
Because you will have a new man—a man who never makes you question their feelings or intentions . A man who kisses your fingertips and holds your heart in the way that lets you know they see you—not just for the swing of your hair or the fullness of your breasts—but for the soul that you are .
A man who—no matter how complicated or difficult it was or how bad the timing was—has never left . Someone who stays and works through things with you .
A man who meets you halfway , because they know that no matter what uphill battles they might have to fight to be by your side , it 's worth it—because it means getting to see your charming lashes flutter as you fall asleep against their chest at the end of a long day .
Because this man knew all along , that any man who said goodbye to you is out of their mind—and he 's determined to not be like all the rest .
.
.
Relephant :
.
Author : Kate Rose
Editor : Yoli Ramazzina
Photo : Pixabay
Written Japanese uses three kinds of script . At the top of the difficulty curve , you 've got kanji , the complex characters originally imported from China that can require over a dozen brush strokes to write , with each kanji representing a word or concept .
A little less challenging are hiragana , a set of 50 curving phonetic characters , but if English is your native language , odds are you 'll have the least trouble with angular katakana . Like hiragana , katakana is a phonetic system , so each character corresponds to a syllable . Even better , while often one kanji can have three or four possible readings , each katakana has just one possible pronunciation .
Of course , you still have to memorize how to pronounce all 50 katakana ( 85 if you 're being really technical ) in the first place . One group of graphic designers are aiming to make that task a little easier , though , with a font that combines katakana with phonetics written in English .
Employees of U.K.-design house Johnson Banks often come to Japan to work with clients . Japanese is a tricky language to learn , though , and even after multiple trips to the country , the business travelers were n't going to just naturally pick up the ability to read katakana .
It 's not too surprising that professional designers are visually oriented people , and so Johnson Banks spent several months developing a new font where an English rendering of each katakana 's sound replaces a brush stroke in whole or part .
For example , here 's the name of Uniqlo , beloved outfitter of exchange students and Internet writers , as it looks in katakana .
And here it is rendered in Johnson Banks ' new Phonetikana font .
Katakana is primarily used for foreign loanwords , and we can see a few more artistic flourishes in these designs that the company drew up , possibly before lunch .
▼ tomato/tomato
▼ toppu banana/top banana
▼ biggu appuru/big apple
Aside from words of foreign origin , katakana is also often the go-to choice when writing sound effects , onomatopoeia , and comic book-style action words , such as doki doki , the sound of an excited heartbeat…
…kuru kuru , spinning or spiraling…
…or niko niko , indicating that someone is all smiles .
In a way , this linguistic mashup is a really clever idea , and with a few tweaks , it might actually be an easy way for brand-new learners to dip their toes in Japan 's deep linguistic waters . What kind of tweaks ? Well , let 's take another look at niko niko .
Notice how we 're spelling it differently than Johnson Banks does ?
It 's true that there are a couple of different systems for writing Japanese words in the Latin alphabet , but there 's one method that 's by far the most common , and it says the Japanese syllable that sounds like the English word “ knee ” should be written “ ni , ” not “ née. ” As a matter of fact , under the dominant system , “ née ” would be pronounced like “ neigh , ” the sound a horse makes .
As a further example , let 's take a look at what happens to “ sushi ” in Phonetikana .
You end up with “ sooshee , ” which aside from looking weird , makes those two syllables seem a lot longer than they really should be . That 's a problem you 're a lot less likely to run into with the standard “ sushi . ”
Still , Johnson Banks says the font is a work in progress , and is looking for feedback from linguists . We 're wishing them good luck in ironing things out , and looking forward to Phonetikana Version Two .
Sources : Tabimedia , Johnson Banks
Images : Johnson Banks
Barely heard of in the UK three decades ago , internships have become must-haves on the CV of any young jobseeker . Why ?
They are the bright-eyed , smartly-dressed young faces in your office , full of nerves and energy .
If they 're lucky , they will get a valuable insight into the world of employment . If they 're not , they can look forward to hours spent making tea and photocopying .
Internships have replaced entry-level jobs Emily Farley , Intern
The work experience placement has become almost a guaranteed rite of passage in an increasingly competitive job market .
To many employers this is a welcome development , allowing them to screen potential new recruits and ensure that new workers have a basic grasp of workplace dynamics before they clock on for the first time .
But to critics , interns are nothing more than a vast army of unpaid labour - and the expectation in many industries that they will be prepared to work for free means it is largely those from privileged backgrounds who benefit .
Whatever your take , there is little doubt that work experience has an increasingly large impact on what will be the job prospects for many young people .
Some 21.7 % of summer 2009 graduates who were in employment six months later had been taken on by an employer with whom they had previously had some kind of work experience , according to the Higher Education Statistics Agency ( HESA ) . For the first time they represented the largest group of university leavers .
As a result , this summer will see many young people taking time out from their studies by making their first excursions into office life - if they calculate the traditional bar , shop or fruit-picking job will not now look impressive enough as they forge their future careers .
'Hidden economy '
But it 's not only undergraduates who feel compelled to volunteer their services . Emily Farley , 24 , has undertaken six internships at magazines since leaving university with a first-class degree in their bid to break into journalism - and has lined up two more .
All have been unpaid and only a handful have made a contribution towards their £400-a-month travel expenses into London from High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire . Although Emily has supported themselves by working between each placement , they have grown increasingly frustrated that work experience is the only route to proper work .
`` It seems as though internships have replaced entry-level jobs , '' they say . `` It 's all about being in the right place at the right time .
`` My family have been very supportive , but sometimes they say , 'do you feel you 're getting any closer ? ' This just seems to be how it works nowadays . ''
How did work experience come to assume this role , almost analogous to the mediaeval apprentices who would have to shadow a craftsman before being allowed to join a guild ?
American author Ross Perlin , who is writing a book on the rise of internships , says the word `` intern '' was first used in the US to describe junior doctors in the 19th Century . Its name - if not its salary - was adopted in the 1930s by a scheme to provide volunteer work experience with politicians in Washington DC .
`` In the 1960s and 70s , when you mentioned an intern people would have thought you meant a medical intern , '' they say .
'Elitist '
`` By the 1980s and 1990s many companies saw it as a way of saving on labour costs . Likewise , the not-for-profit sector has been substantially powered in the last couple of decades by the fact that it 's able to use intern labour . ''
Across the Atlantic , the explosion in access to higher education meant that British bosses began looking at similar schemes to distinguish the growing phalanx of undergraduates seeking entry-level positions each year , according to Heather Collier of the National Council for Work Experience ( NCWE ) .
Image caption Some interns do just menial tasks
They date the boom in British internships from 1997 , when Lord Dearing 's report into higher education called for some form of work experience to be undertaken by each undergraduate .
`` A lot of employers were complaining that the graduates they were taking on were n't work-ready , '' they say . `` It was very much seen as a business tool that could help both companies and their future recruits .
`` Some people say it 's elitist , but it 's in the interests of companies to pay their interns They want to take on the best and do n't care where they come from . And there are a lot of fantastic internship vacancies every year that go begging . ''
However , many remain cynical about the motives underlying employers ' preference for work experience .
Warwick University 's Professor Kate Purcell , an expert in the graduate labour market , says there has been a decline in the number of sandwich courses , in which students , traditionally on vocational courses , get to spend a year in a relevant workplace .
They say with more competition among graduates than ever , employers in all sectors have looked for inspiration to traditionally over-subscribed industries like publishing , politics and the media , which have long expected new entrants to toil for little reward before they break into paid work .
Luck
`` Employers are remarkably good at complaining about highly educated kids who do n't know anything about the real world , but less good at actually getting students in to do structured work experience that actually teaches them something , '' they say .
It would be tragic to confine these opportunities to those who can afford to do them Becky Heath , Internocracy
`` In reality , they 're treating internships as a first stage of recruitment , but they are n't doing anything to widen access opportunities . As a result , occupations like journalism are becoming increasingly middle-class professions . ''
Nonetheless , few would dispute that well-run , properly-structured internships are of immense value to those lucky enough to make the most of them .
Becky Heath of the social enterprise Internocracy believes those doing unpaid work experience are being exploited and should get the national minimum wage , but says it would be wrong to do away with them altogether .
`` There are so many advantages to internships , so what we want is to make access as wide as possible .
`` It would be tragic to confine these opportunities to those who can afford to do them . At the moment , the whole landscape is so new that it 's an entire hidden economy . ''
With age of the intern still in its early days , pressure may be building from groups like Internocracy to refine and , they hope , improve the system .
In the meantime , spare a thought for the student plonked next to the photocopier . Maybe it 's time you offered to get the teas in ?
LANSING , Mich. – Democrats in the Michigan state House on Monday announced the upcoming introduction of a legislative package aimed at legalizing same-sex marriage in Michigan .
The bills — spearheaded by State Reps. Sam Singh ( D-East Lansing ) , Rudy Hobbs ( D-Southfield ) , Jeff Irwin ( D-Ann Arbor ) , and Kate Segal ( D-Battle Creek ) — are similar to those introduced in the state Senate late last month .
The first piece in the legislative package is a house joint resolution that would amend Michigan 's constitution to allow marriage equality , overturning the the existing ban on same-sex marriage approved by voters in 2004 .
The second bill would amend the foreign marriage act by removing the prohibition against same-sex marriage allowing marriages solemnized in other states to be recognized in Michigan , while the third bill amends Michigan 's marriage laws authorizing who may marry .
The final piece is a resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal DOMA and respect equality for all U.S. citizens .
“ It 's time for Michigan to stop discriminating against the thousands of couples who want to marry and enjoy the same recognition and benefits for themselves and their children that come with marriage , and that my wife , Kathryn , and our kids enjoy , ” said Irwin , “ the legislation that we propose today represents the next step in the fight to ensure all citizens are equal in Michigan . ”
Article continues below
“ My colleagues and I believe that Michigan can not wait any longer to recognize marriage equality and allow all people the equal rights and benefits that married couples currently enjoy , ” added Singh .
Emily Dievendorf , managing director of Equality Michigan , and who participated in today 's announcement , said , “ The Democratic leaders who will introduce these marriage equality bills recognize the importance of Michigan standing on the right side of history in regards to the rights of our LGBT citizens . Michigan 's voters will no longer tolerate second-class treatment of LGBT families . Enough is enough , and Representatives Singh , Hobbs , Irwin , and Segal deserve credit for helping lead the charge . ”
Recent polling finds that a majority of Michigan voters support marriage equality and favor repealing the state 's ban on same-sex marriage .
The Legislature is currently on its summer recess .
This Story Filed Under
It 's a strange evolution . The loudest voices for education “ reform ” have now become the protectors and enhancers of the status quo . The new “ Education Reform Establishment ” is represented by groups such as the Heritage Foundation , Fordham Institute , Education Sector and other conservative or neo-liberal think-tanks . For instance , even though there are forty states with charter school laws and we have twenty years of solid research that shows charter schools perform about the same as ( and are not any more innovative than ) traditional public schools , they keep pushing the same charter school remedies . It would seem that after the NCES study , the CREDO study and the new Mathmatica/ CRPE study , there might be some respite from such ill-grounded obsessions . But this is more about expanding and protecting turf than it is about improving learning .
The mother claim , high stakes test-based accountability will cure-all , likewise continues to be parroted by our fixated foundations even though the National Research Council found this approach offers only small gains at the elementary level and may actually increase drop-outs . This perseverance is apparently based on the theory that if it did n't work the first twenty years we tried it , we did n't do enough of it .
As for the great social inequalities that represent our true problem , the education reform establishment chants the mantra that minority , poverty and special education student test score deficiencies can be cured by the “ shining of the light ” on low scores . Of course , few resources or programs are directed toward these needy populations -- particularly since the 2008 recession . Pretending the gap can be closed by a healthy dose of light ( and maybe vitamin D ) these proponents of failed strategies continue to call for top-down , test-based punishments of the very educators with the toughest jobs .
Despite critical external review , the nadir of this shop-worn aggregation of nostrums is found in Jeb Bush 's traveling road-show , the “ Florida Formula , ” which repeats the same six points ( grading schools , high-stakes testing , promotion requirements , bonus pay , alternative teacher path , and school choice ) from one state to the next . Unfortunately , there is no scientific basis that says any of these programs caused test score increases ( after all , the early gains might have been due to the new statewide reading programs ) . They seem to be the only people in the nation ( other than Jay Greene ) who have found retaining children in grade level to be a wise policy . The miraculous gains in Florida test scores attributed to Bush 's six points are considerably dampened by the Sunshine State 's failure to show gains on national assessment tests . Yet , the show rolls on .
The process is just as weary as the content . It always begins with a “ crisis ” which is used to declare , “ public schools are failures . ” In fact , if the results are not dismal enough , the reform establishment changes the way the score is kept . The classic example is the retrofitting of the norm-referenced NAEP tests with new “ proficiency ” levels back in 1988 . These new levels were set so high that no student body in the world could achieve them . This move was condemned as an invalid use of the tests , arbitrary and unrealistic by several prestigious panels across the nation . Yet , these erroneous NAEP markers established a platform , still in use today , to proclaim crisis and failure .
In recent years , the definition of “ drop-outs ” has likewise been changed to show a more dismal patterns . In 2009 , the federal government reported status drop-outs at a national figure of 8.1 % based on the percent of the population ages 16 to 24 not graduated , not in school or not in the workforce . ( NCES also reported that drop-outs have been declining for thirty years ) . But this good news is not dramatic enough to declare a crisis or proclaim the need for “ reforms. ” The new definition now requires all students to graduate from high school , on-time , in four years . This change allows scary headlines claiming one-third of students are not graduating . This is misleading sleight of hand ( and really bad educational policy ) but it provides fodder for the education reform establishment .
For status quo-ers , data is also rearranged to support pre-existing beliefs . For instance , showing some facility at damage control , Paul Peterson proclaims that recent NAEP gains are due to NCLB and top-down test based reforms . Alas , a closer look at Peterson 's charts show the greatest gains occurred in the years before NCLB was enacted or took effect .
In another age , these ideas would have long-since been relegated to the trash heap of failed reforms – simply based on the evidence . But this was in an age when the re-segregation of our educational system and society by extreme gulfs in wealth and opportunities was not politically or socially acceptable . It was also an age when education was not seen as a public cash-cow for private entrepreneurs .
DJ Talent hopes to raise £30,000 from selling their teeth A DJ and recording artist hit by the economic downturn is planning to sell their gold teeth in order to raise cash . Anthony Ghosh , aka DJ Talent , hopes to raise about £30,000 by selling all 28 of their gold crowns . The 30-year-old from Beckenham , south London , says they have seen a significant drop in vinyl sales . `` Records are n't really shifting these days , '' said the electro house DJ . `` It 's been like this for a couple of months now and it 's not getting any better . '' They added : `` It 's more downloads everyone 's interested in , so the music industry is taking a drop . '' It 's a big decision getting rid of my teeth and could actually cost me my career as I do n't know if I 'll be noticed with white teeth
DJ Talent They had their teeth crowned three years ago , at a cost of £10,000 , to help to boost their career . `` I had all my teeth filed down to small spikes to be more recognisable to my fans and have a trademark as a recording artist , '' they said . `` But due to the credit crunch and things not going too great at the moment , I 'm forced to think about what I 'm going to do in the future . '' `` It 's a big decision getting rid of my teeth and could actually cost me my career , as I do n't know if I 'll be noticed with white teeth . '' However , they are considering getting treatment for their teeth once the economic outlook improves by turning to platinum crowns because `` they 're better value , basically '' .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I do n't think union structures are the 'correct ' way to go about this , or any some such . I am thinking of how it might be the most effective . Indeed , mass resistance will come from outside unionism , but will it be born out of an image macro spread on Twitter or reddit ? Can you really imagine that happening ?
A strike or direct action for economic disruption is not just a thing you can wake up and decide to do , people ( 'regular ' people , as opposed to radicals , the former of which will be the vast majority of any such movement , especially without a union radicalizing them ) will do mental calculus to determine whether they should participate . Imagine you are a 30 year old liberal who works in tech or some other such industry with no union . You see on Twitter those crazy leftists want a general strike and general disruption of the economy . The calculation for whether this person will participate will involve the following factors and more :
How likely are we to win ?
If we win , what do I stand to gain ?
If we lose , what do I stand to lose ? ( This is big - am I going to risk my job , the only thing keeping me alive as the welfare state is gutted , to participate in a 'general strike ' propagated on Twitter ? )
Are my coworkers joining in ? ( Without a union ? probably not )
Am I putting myself at risk for arrest or attack ? What are the implications of this for my family ?
This is all assuming a liberal understand the purpose of a general strike , how it works , what its aims are . Do your liberal friends and family know those things ? Do they have any structure , like a union , that might teach them ? In my case , it is no , and indeed , even people I know who lean radical would do this mental calculus and just go to work like normal .
AP Climate change has been 'disproved ' and polar ice is 'increasing '
John Coleman , who co-founded the Weather Channel , shocked academics by insisting the theory of human-made climate change was no longer scientifically credible . Instead , what 'little evidence ' there is for rising global temperatures points to a 'natural phenomenon ' within a developing eco-system . * * CLICK HERE TO SEE STUNNING ICEBERG IMAGES * * In an open letter attacking the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , they wrote : `` The ocean is not rising significantly . `` The polar ice is increasing , not melting away . Polar Bears are increasing in number . `` Heat waves have actually diminished , not increased . There is not an uptick in the number or strength of storms ( in fact storms are diminishing ) . `` I have studied this topic seriously for years . It has become a political and environment agenda item , but the science is not valid . ''
AP Man made climate change is a myth according to Coleman , inset
I have studied climate change seriously for years . It has become a political and environment agenda item , but the science is not valid John Coleman , co-founder of the Weather Channel
Mr Coleman said they based many of their views on the findings of the NIPCC , a non-governmental international body of scientists aimed at offering an 'independent second opinion of the evidence reviewed by the IPCC . ' They added : `` There is no significant human-made global warming at this time , there has been none in the past and there is no reason to fear any in the future . `` Efforts to prove the theory that carbon dioxide is a significant greenhouse gas and pollutant causing significant warming or weather effects have failed . `` There has been no warming over 18 years . ''
The IPCC argue their research shows that human-made global warming will lead to extreme weather events becoming more frequent and unpredictable . US News and World Report noted that many of the world 's largest businesses , including Coke , Pepsi , Walmart , Nestle , Mars , Monsanto , Kellogg , General Mills , Microsoft , and IBM , `` are now engaged and actively responding to climate science and data . '' Mr Coleman 's comments come as President Barack Obama came under fire from climatologists as federal data revealed The United State 's energy-related carbon pollution rose 2.5 per cent despite the President 's pledges to decrease it . President Obama told 120 world leaders at the United Nations climate summit last month that America had done more under their watch in cutting greenhouse gases than any other country . Despite this , the Energy Information Administration 's Monthly Energy Review showed an increase in the use of energy from coal .
World leaders have pledged to keep the global average temperature from rising two degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels to prevent the worst consequences of climate change . The US , along with the UK and other developed countries , is expected to pledge further actions on climate change early next year .
GETTY There has been no recorded global warming for 18 years
Decals , stripes , special paint , lettering , low production figures . These things are important and relevant in a modern world sort of kitschy , but very enjoyable . Last week 's Nissan Hardbody Rare Ride had all those in spades , and this week 's truck turns it up to 11 ( kind of ) . It 's definitely rare , but the appeal and pedigree are questionable .
Prepare your skepticism and critical thinking keyboards .
What you 're seeing here is a 1990 GMC Spectre . Now , this truck was listed on Craigslist ( post removed ) , eBay ( listing ended ) , and presently sits on Classic Cars for Sale . Each of these listings has/had somewhat different detail , and a varying number of photos . I 've pulled the photos here from the completed eBay listing , as they were the best quality and most numerous .
“ It 's as if a pair of Zubaz pants somehow sprouted a V8. ” – Chris Tonn
According to the various materials provided , the GMC Spectre was created so GMC would have a special , sporty truck to offer under its brand when the Chevy 454 SS went to market in 1990 .
To this end , GMC decided to make a limited run of the Sierra with an L98 Corvette engine under the hood . According to one of the articles , this L98 would ” … single-handedly demote the 454 SS to ‘ The Pickup from Heck . ' ” Wish I could come up with turns of phrase like that .
The special paint , bodywork , and engine are complemented by a stunning interior straight from the Geo Tracker House of Style , and the package was carefully crafted by Chattanooga Custom Center , which must be somewhere in Tennessee . But it 's unclear from the information provided whether the limited run ever took place , or if it stayed at just a couple of show examples .
This Spectre has seen better days , which is sort of where the questions begin . According to the AutoCheck on the eBay listing , the car was first titled in 2004 . In 2006 , it had about 8,000 miles , shooting up to over 123,000 in 2011 . Then in 2016 , it went back down to 24,000 . There 's a big fat odometer discrepancy here .
Notice the ( awesome ) purple wheels shown in magazines are also missing . The radio is busted , the back window does n't roll down , and there is faded and damaged paint .
CarFax indicates it has been serviced at a Kia dealer , though the seller insists it 's a concept and a museum piece . The truck reached $ 5,600 at the conclusion of the eBay sale , obviously not meeting the reserve — so there may still be time to scoop a Spectre !
How rare do you think this Spectre is ? Is it a concept , or just a limited-production item ? Is it awesome , or a fanny pack piece of easily forgotten chintz ?
We need the answers only you can provide .
[ Photos via eBay ]
FORMER Celtic striker Henrik Larsson has told John Guidetti that they risk upsetting supporters by publicly talking up a return to Feyenoord .
The ex-Sweden international , who also played for Feyenoord , said Guidetti should knuckle down for the remainder of their loan stay at Celtic .
Larsson said : “ I do n't believe Celtic will appreciate John 's comments about Feyenoord . They are in the position now where they have to choose their next move .
“ I did it , of course , in my last year at Celtic when I announced I was not going to renew my contract because I said I wanted to play somewhere [ where it was ] warm .
“ But my situation was very different because I had delivered consistently when I was there . ”
Guidetti is on loan at Parkhead from Manchester City until the summer , and spent a year at Feyenoord during the 2011/2012 season .
FOLLOW US
Twitter | Facebook | Google+
Subscribe to our DAILY NEWSLETTER ( requires registration )
SCOTSMAN TABLET AND MOBILE APPS
iPhone | iPad | Android | Kindle
Want an idea of where the Left would take the American economy ? Look to Puerto Rico . Reports by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Working Group for the Fiscal and Economic Recovery of Puerto Rico conclude that the island 's labor force has atrophied because of a federally set minimum wage that is wholly inappropriate to local conditions and a safety net of government programs that makes employment a losing proposition .
At $ 7.25 per hour , the federal minimum wage nearly equals Puerto Rico 's median wage of $ 9.61 ( versus the mainland median of $ 17.40 ) . As the Working Group emphasizes , a Puerto Rican working for the minimum—or even the median—wage takes home less monthly pay than a Puerto Rican household of three might receive in welfare benefits . Only 40 percent of adults in Puerto Rico are officially employed or looking for work , though many hold off-the-books jobs . The result is a stalled economy and inadequate tax revenue for an insolvent government , whose woes only make economic conditions worse .
Florida Republican senator Marco Rubio , a member of the bipartisan congressional task force on Puerto Rico , has proposed a unique approach to these challenges . They are introducing the Economic Mobility for Productive Livelihoods and Expanding Opportunity ( “ EMPLEO ” ) Act , which would effectively reduce the island 's minimum hourly wage to $ 5 and use a federal wage subsidy to close half the gap between the wage paid by an employer and a target wage of $ 10 per hour . Thus , a minimum-wage earner at the new $ 5 minimum would receive an additional $ 2.50 from the government—inserted into every paycheck like a reverse payroll tax—for a total hourly wage of $ 7.50 . Someone paid $ 8 by their employer would receive a $ 1 subsidy and take home $ 9 .
The proposal is a creative , compassionate , and market-based tool for addressing Puerto Rico 's challenges . Reducing the minimum wage should create many more entry-level job openings and make hiring more attractive to employers . Pairing the reduction with a subsidy ensures that existing workers are “ held harmless ” and see no net pay cuts , while drawing prospective workers toward the labor market with a more attractive wage . The subsidy also creates powerful momentum for on-the-books employment , because the subsidy will apply only to documented , tax-paying employment relationships . And it acts as an efficient and targeted fiscal stimulus , injecting money into the economy wherever employers believe low-wage hiring makes most sense .
The proposal could mark a starting point for meaningful reform in mainland economic policy . Many good ideas for boosting economic growth exist , particularly in the areas of tax and regulatory reform . But on their own , they will do little to counteract the structural economic shifts that are leaving less-skilled workers behind . A wage subsidy alone wo n't solve that problem , but this type of idea—rethinking the shape of the low-wage labor market and government 's role in it—is a step in the right direction .
Ideally , the “ poverty , opportunity , and upward mobility ” program put forward by House speaker Paul Ryan as part of their “ Better Way ” agenda would be full of such proposals . Instead , it leans heavily on experiments-to-be-named-later , emphasizing “ evidence , ” “ metrics , ” “ evaluation , ” “ data , ” and “ research. ” With the EMPLEO Act , Rubio and their staff have done the important work of bringing forward a concrete proposal . It provides not just a powerful idea but also the right opportunity for deployment and the legislative details . Here 's hoping that it receives the attention and support it deserves .
Earlier this week , `` Dancing With The Stars '' judge Julianne Hough was discussing `` Mean Girls '' star and DWTS contestant Jonathan Bennett on `` Extra '' with host Mario Lopez .
`` [ Bennett ] tweeted me last year and said , like , I had a nice butt , but they also tagged my trainer , '' they said . `` And so I was like , 'Oh , he 's hitting on me . I should try to go on a date with him . ' ''
`` What happened ? '' Lopez asked .
`` He 's gay , '' Hough responded . `` So , I was like , that 's not gon na work . ''
The only problem ? Bennett has never said that he 's gay . Any insider knowledge Hough may have aside , it is n't hard to understand why they might be under the assumption that they are and that he 's out . Numerous publications have said as much and until this morning , even their Wikipedia page claimed he 's gay . But if someone never says it themselves -- and even their publicist declines to comment on whether or not they are or if he 's out of the closet -- is they really ?
After we ran a story about Hough 's gaffe , I was inundated with responses ( both from Gay Voices readers and my own friends and acquaintances ) that mostly fell into two categories : 1. people telling me that they were gay and out ( `` I did shots with them at a gay bar in WeHo last year ! '' `` My friend had sex with him ! '' etc ) and 2. people questioning why it mattered if they publicly came out and asking why we could n't just let them live their life .
There are many different levels of being out . You can be out to yourself , you can be out to your family , you can be out to your friends , you can be out at work , you can be out publicly and you can be out in some combination of all of the above . But when you 're a public figure like Bennett , if you 've never said the words `` I 'm gay '' or , as many stars have done in recent years , have never publicly discussed or referenced a partner or date of the same sex , you 're not out .
And yes , that distinction matters and yes , being out publicly matters . Here 's why :
Coming out is a radical act capable of upending deep-seated assumptions about who someone is and challenging our fundamental beliefs about what that ultimately means for how we understand and treat them . In a world where you can still go to prison for being queer and hate crimes are still happening , it 's a powerful weapon that disarms people and changes minds . It makes it harder and harder for people to say `` I do n't know anyone who is gay '' or `` All gay people are like this . '' And when minds change , so does our culture . Case in point : Republican Senator Rob Portman , who embraced marriage equality after their own son came out as gay .
What 's more , not coming out continues to feed the lie that there is something shameful about being gay . And there is n't . By not coming out -- or remaining in that gray area where people know you 're gay but you wo n't say the words -- you are , as Ellen Page put it earlier this year in their stunning coming out speech , lying by omission . By not saying you 're gay , you 're letting others believe you are straight , because straight is still the default -- and preferred and privileged -- orientation in our society .
And this has nothing to do with privacy . I 'm so tired of people blabbering on about how we need to respect people 's privacy . Sexuality should n't be a private matter . My being gay is a part of who I am -- just like I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and left handed and allergic to morphine . And sexuality certainly is n't a private matter for straight people , is it ? How many straight people do you know who refuse to say that they 're straight ? If Bennett is n't gay , I 'd love for them to say that , too . Contrary to what some people believe , being straight is n't something to be ashamed of either .
That 's part of the reason I 'm grateful for James Franco , a man who has made no secret of their heterosexuality . And still -- he 's one of the queerest men I know . He 's helped to challenge stereotypes about what it means to be straight or gay and by doing so , he 's providing another kind of example -- another possibility -- for who and how we can be .
Bottom line : our sexuality is n't something we should be afraid of or afraid of sharing .
Yes , some people have very good reasons for not coming out -- they could be thrown out on the street , they could be fired from their job , their physical or mental safety could be compromised . But if that 's not the case , I believe we have a responsibility to come out -- especially if you are in the public eye and your being out will have a positive impact . And today , thanks to people like Ellen DeGeneres and Ellen Page and Neil Patrick Harris and Zachary Quinto , coming out in Hollywood does not equal career suicide .
Coming out is scary . And it 's not something you do once and then are done with . We have to come out every day . And even I hesitate sometimes . Just a few weeks ago when I was on a flight to Chicago , someone asked me what I did for a living and I paused for a second and thought , Do I really want to get into this ? And then I took a breath and told him . Because it matters . Because that 's how things change . We start speaking up and telling our truths and each time it gets a little less terrifying until one day we wake up and the world has changed . And on that day , our sexualities will still matter -- just in a different way . Gay , straight , bi , and everything in between -- we will no longer be afraid to say we love who we want to love or say we fuck who we want to fuck . But we 've got some work to do before we get there and we are all on the clock , and that includes Jonathan Bennett and James Franco and you and me .
Here . Let me go first : My name is Noah Michelson and I 'm a homosexual .
Now , who 's next ?
Note : An earlier version of this story stated that Bennett 's Wikipedia page noted that they are gay . After the publication of this piece , the reference was deleted from their page .
Also on The Huffington Post :
Five weeks after the release of the report of the fact-finding mission on Gaza , there has been no attempt by any of its critics to come to grips with its substance . It has been fulsomely approved by those whose interests it is thought to serve and rejected by those of the opposite view . Those who attack it do so too often by making personal attacks on its authors ' motives and those who approve it rely on its authors ' reputations .
Israeli government spokespersons and those who support them have attacked it in the harshest terms and , in particular my participation , in a most personal and hurtful way . The time has now come for more sober reflection on what the report means and appropriate Israeli reactions to it .
I begin with my own motivation , as a Jew who has supported Israel and its people all my life , for having agreed to head the Gaza mission . Over the past 20 years , I have investigated serious violations of international law in my own country , South Africa , in the former Yugoslavia , in Rwanda and the alleged fraud and theft by governments and political leaders in a number of countries in connection with the United Nations Iraq oil-for-food programme .
In all of these , allegations reached the highest political echelons . In every instance , I spoke out strongly in favour of full investigations and , where appropriate , criminal prosecutions . I have spoken out over the years on behalf of the International Bar Association against human rights violations in many countries , including Sri Lanka , China , Russia , Iran , Zimbabwe and Pakistan .
I would have been acting against those principles and my own convictions and conscience if I had refused a request from the United Nations to investigate serious allegations of war crimes against both Israel and Hamas in the context of Operation Cast Lead .
As a Jew , I felt a greater and not a lesser obligation to do so . It is well documented that as a condition of my participation I insisted upon and received an even-handed mandate to investigate all sides , and that is what we sought to do .
I sincerely believed that because of my own record and the terms of the mission 's mandate we would receive the co-operation of the Israeli government . Its refusal to co-operate was a grave error . My plea for co-operation was repeated before and during the investigation , and it sits , plain as day , in the appendices of the Gaza report for those who actually bother to read it .
Our mission obviously could only consider and report on what it saw , heard and read . If the government of Israel failed to bring facts and analyses to our attention , we can not fairly be blamed for the consequences . Those who feel that our report failed to give adequate attention to specific incidents or issues should be asking the Israeli government why it failed to argue its cause .
Israel missed a golden opportunity to actually have a fair hearing from a UN-sponsored inquiry . Of course , I was aware of and have frequently spoken out against the unfair and exceptional treatment of Israel by the UN and especially by the human rights council .
I did so again last week . Israel could have seized the opportunity provided by the even-handed mandate of our mission and used it as a precedent for a new direction by the United Nations in the Middle East . Instead , we were shut out .
As I stated in response to a recent letter from the mayor of Sderot , I believed strongly that our mission should have been allowed to visit Sderot and other parts of southern Israel that have been at the receiving end of unlawful attacks by many thousands of rockets and mortars fired at civilian targets by Hamas and other armed groups in Gaza . We were prevented from doing so by , what I believe , was a misguided decision by the Israeli government .
In Gaza , I was surprised and shocked by the destruction and misery there . I had not expected it . I did not anticipate that the IDF would have targeted civilians and civilian objects . I did not anticipate seeing the vast destruction of the economic infrastructure of Gaza including its agricultural lands , industrial factories , water supply and sanitation works . These are not military targets . I have not heard or read any government justification for this destruction .
Of course the children of Sderot and the children of Gaza have the same rights to protection under international law , and that is why , notwithstanding the decision of the government of Israel , we took whatever steps were open to us to obtain information from victims and experts in southern Israel about the effects on their lives of sustained rocket and mortar attacks over a period of years . It was on the strength of those investigations that we held those attacks to constitute serious war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity .
The refusal of co-operation by the government of Israel did not prevent us from reacting positively to a request from Gilad Shalit 's father to speak personally to our mission at its public session in Geneva . No one who heard their evidence could fail to have been moved by the unspeakable pain of a parent whose young son was being held for over three years in unlawful circumstances without any contact with the outside world and not even allowed visits from the International Committee of the Red Cross . The mission called for their release .
Israel and its courts have always recognised that they are bound by norms of international law that it has formally ratified or that have become binding as customary international law upon all nations . The fact that the United Nations and too many members of the international community have unfairly singled out Israel for condemnation and failed to investigate horrible human rights violations in other countries can not make Israel immune from the very standards it has accepted as binding upon it .
Israel has a strong history of investigating allegations made against its own officials reaching to the highest levels of government : the inquiries into the Yom Kippur war , Sabra and Shatila , Bus 300 and the second Lebanon war .
Israel has an internationally renowned and respected judiciary that should be envy of many other countries in the region . It has the means and ability to investigate itself . Has it the will ?
This article originally appeared in the Jerusalem Post .
Written by Menswear Style in Reviews on the 21st February 2014 / Ariel Rider Ebike
What happens when an industrial engineer and an electronics engineer come together ? Welcome to Bann Industries , a company born 4 years ago in Hong Kong , set up by two Turkish brothers . Under the care of Bann Industries , Ariel Rider is giving old school design a new lease of life . While cruiser bikes have been viewed with a nostalgic gloss , consumers are opening their eyes to what have become game changer technologies , unique craftsmanship processes and fashionable styles .
What defines Ariel Rider is the perfection of details including perfectly hand stitched handlebar grips , advanced trip computer technologies and a powerful-low energy consuming motor .
It 's hard to think how such beautiful design features have taken so long to appear in the bicycle world . Enjoy the confidence of a durable and lightweight structure while you move with audacity through the busy city .
The safety centre of Ariel Rider has hit the top spot of ebike safety measures , not just because of its daring control system , its advanced disc brakes and LED lights , but also because of its ability to define itself by auto turning on its lights when darkness falls .
`` What defines Ariel Rider is the perfection of details ''
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Dec. 18 , 2013 , 10:45 PM GMT By Anuradha Raghu and Erik dela Cruz
KUALA LUMPUR/MANILA — The destruction of an estimated 3 million coconut palms in last month 's deadly typhoon in the Philippines is set to squeeze global supply for years of the tropical fruit used to make products from fuel to health drinks .
Even before Typhoon Haiyan tore through the Philippines , the United Nations had warned that global demand for coconuts was outstripping production in Asia , home to 85 percent of output .
The crop losses in the Philippines , the world 's top exporter of coconut oil , have already helped drive prices up as much as 40 percent since the early November storm and led to a scramble for supplies from top producer Indonesia , and for alternatives to the edible oil .
But with little chance of Indonesia or India , another top producer , plugging the gap prices are expected to climb even further next year and beyond , analysts and traders say .
There is also continuing demand pressure , helped by heavy marketing of coconut water as an electrolyte-rich health drink that has led investments in suppliers by soft drink giants Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc .
Coconut water and milk account alone for 30 percent of coconut consumption , according to data from the United Nations .
Coconut oil is extracted by crushing dried coconut , and is widely used in items such as soap and cosmetics , due to being rich in fatty lauric acid .
The leftover , copra meal , is often used as animal feed .
`` One thing about lauric oils is they are the one oil when things are bad on supply , they can really go up crazily because people do n't have much choice , '' James Fry , chairperson of commodities consultancy LMC International , told Reuters .
Philippine supply worries after Typhoon Haiyan struck Nov. 8 drove Rotterdam coconut oil prices as high as $ 1,480 per tonne on Nov. 13 , up 40 percent from before the storm and 80 percent on the year .
And analyst Fry and some traders say prices , currently at around $ 1,260 , could hit $ 2,000 next year due to lower Asian supply .
While substitutes such as palm kernel oil could soak up some demand , plans to raise the Philippines ' mandatory biodiesel blend could divert more coconut oil for fuel and add to demand pressures .
For the Philippines , the destruction will hurt not just exports but also millions of families making a living from producing and trading coconut oil and other products .
It could take years for supplies to be replenished after the storm that killed more than 6,000 people . Replanting will start only after relief operations are in place and trees will only bear fruit after three years .
The typhoon has knocked out up to 300,000 tonnes of coconut oil supply in the Southeast Asian country , according to the Philippine Coconut Authority ( PCA ) , a government-linked agency .
`` The full impact will be felt next year , '' said PCA administrator Euclides Forbes , adding they hoped the decline in exports worth around $ 1 billion in 2012 would not exceed 10 percent .
Forbes said among the hardest-hit areas were Leyte and Samar , provinces accounting for 15 percent of the 852,000 tonnes of coconut oil exported in 2012 .
`` The livelihoods of one in every five Filipinos are directly or indirectly dependent on the coconut sector , '' said Romulo Arancon , executive director of the Asian and Pacific Coconut Community , a group representing 18 coconut-producing countries .
Indonesia could go some way in helping fill the gap in global demand , but relief will be limited as Southeast Asia 's most populous nation typically consumes a lot of supply locally .
Indonesia produced about 850,000 tonnes of coconut oil in 2012 , half of which was exported . However , the sector faces its own struggles from land scarcity to aging trees .
Donatus Gede Sabon , secretary general of the Indonesian Coconut Forum , estimated the country 's output could drop by 0.5-1 percent this year and fall further in 2014 .
India , which exports only about 6,500 tonnes of the world 's 1.9 million annual coconut oil exports , will also offer little help as its domestic consumption grows alongside a swelling population .
The UN 's Food and Agriculture Organization said last month that growth in output of coconut products in Asia was running at 2 percent annually , well behind the 10 percent global demand growth . The comments were made before the typhoon struck .
Ever since last Tuesday , Nancy Brinker has been at the center of a firestorm . That was when word finally surfaced that Susan G. Komen for the Cure , of which they are the founder , had decided to defund Planned Parenthood . The repercussions were swift and came from every level : social media , mainstream press , Congress ( 26 Democratic senators wrote a letter ) , members of its own board , scientists , donors , and the general public . New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg was so dismayed that they donated $ 250,000 to Planned Parenthood to ease the shortfall .
The decision quickly became a public-relations fiasco that caught the organization totally off guard and rocked it to its core . `` We really were surprised by the backlash , things got totally out of hand , ” says former board chair Alexine Jackson . `` I guess it will never be completely over , but I hope the reaction will eventually die down . ”
That reaction was so overwhelming that Brinker went on YouTube in a Sarah Palinesque up-do , to state their position insisting it was not political , and that their group “ would never bow to pressure. ” But after a hurried board conference call on Thursday night , Brinker abruptly switched course , apologizing to the American public `` for recent decisions ” and rapidly reestablished the bond with Planned Parenthood .
Controversy is not new to the commanding , 66-year-old business person , diplomat , and Medal of Freedom recipient , who established the world 's largest breast cancer nonprofit , with its signature pink ribbon , in memory of their older sister , Susan in 1982 . ( Laura Bush , a close friend , was one of their original supporters and volunteers . After their mastectomies , Betty Ford and Nancy Reagan joined the group . ) Brinker is currently CEO of the organization . An IRS filing shows that they received a salary of $ 417,171 from April 2010 to March 2011 ; since Komen 's inception , Brinker has raised billions to prevent and battle the disease . During the '80s they overcame breast cancer herself , and fought to protect their now world-famous brand .
The competition for big bucks is fierce , and they have inevitably left a number of disgruntled charities in their wake , among them small-town philanthropies who use “ for the cure ” as part of their message . These include “ Kites for the Cure , ” `` Cupcakes for a Cure , ” and `` Mush for the Cure , ” which involves sled-dog racing .
Some of these have complained that they have faced legal threats from Komen , have little money to fight back , and feel squelched by the powerful group .
“ Komen plays hardball and is determined to stay on top , ” says a member of another cancer organization , who declined to be identified . `` Let 's be honest about all this : people think of breast cancer as a charity , but it 's really a major business . ”
Brinker held their first benefit when they were 5 and Suzy , their sister , was 8 , in the backyard of their home in Peoria , Ill . They sang Rosemary Clooney songs , danced , and raised $ 64 for polio , a terrifying disease at the time .
They went to the University of Illinois and later learned the intricacies of PR and high fashion at an executive training program at Neiman Marcus in Dallas . They quickly glommed on to and adopted Stanley Marcus 's mantra , “ Never stop selling . ”
There , in the early '80s , they met and married multimillionaire restaurateur Norman Brinker , a major Republican donor . They had previously been married to Grand Slam tennis star Maureen “ Little Mo ” Connnelly , who had died from ovarian cancer .
When they tied the knot , the union provided Nancy with a network of A-list political connections and friends , plus the funds to lead a luxurious lifestyle and create the Komen Foundation , now the Susan G. Komen for the Cure with affiliates in 170 communities in 50 nations . ( Interesting note : the largest Race for the Cure , a three-day run , is held in Rome , Italy . )
In 1993 Norman Brinker suffered severe head injuries during a polo match and remained on crutches for the rest of their life . Several years later the couple divorced and with a hefty settlement , formidable drive , and their chum George W. Bush in the White House , Nancy was ready to step onto the world stage . First the [ resident appointed their ambassador to Hungary and then U.S. chief of protocol .
According to close friends , their Hungarian experience was not a happy one . They were lonely , says a friend , and spent most of their time away from their post .
Nevertheless , they managed to amass a collection of modern Hungarian art , which is divided between their apartment in Washington , D.C. , and their Palm Beach house . They also led a breast cancer awareness march across Budapest 's historic Chain Bridge , which was bathed in a special pink light for the occasion . ( She has enveloped the White House , the Cowboys Stadium , and other public spaces and monuments in a rosy glow to call attention to breast cancer . The New York Times has referred to this as “ the Pinking of America . ” )
Them role as chief of protocol was more to them liking . It is a ceremonial job . There is no heavy lifting . They were home , close to friends , and the Bushes did a minimum of formal entertaining . They were more mac and cheese than black tie and champagne . “ She was a terrific chief of protocol , ” says Anita McBride , Laura Bush 's former chief of staff . “ She used their platform to accomplish big things. ” Among them was a major outreach to Middle Eastern countries where McBride says Nancy and Laura Bush ” lifted the veil ” on the taboo subject of breast cancer .
They also endorsed “ Experience America , '' in which the diplomatic corps was encouraged to get out of the Washington environment to meet with American business and civic leaders on their own turf in different parts of the country . That program continues today .
Now the super-sophisticate who never stopped selling has a repair job to do—restoring the confidence and support of their own constituency and the larger concern for women 's health . It will necessitate all the political and promotional skills they can muster .
Correction : A previous version of this article inaccurately reported Nancy Brinker 's salary . As CEO of Susan G. Komen for the Cure , Brinker makes about $ 417,000 per year .
Harrison Ford has replaced Bruce Willis in the third edition of the start-packed action adventure franchise Expendables , which is to be shot in Bulgaria .
Sylvester Stallone tweeted the news on Tuesday : `` WILLIS OUT ... HARRISON FORD IN ! ! ! ! GREAT NEWS ! ! ! ! ! Been waiting years for this ! ! ! ! ''
A few minutes later , Stallone added : `` GREEDY AND LAZY ...... A SURE FORMULA FOR CAREER FAILURE ''
Lionsgate Studios , which puts out the money-generating franchise , would not comment on Stallone 's casting news , according to USA Today . Harrison Ford 's press representative confirmed Ford 's inclusion in the film .
The shooting of The Expendables 3 , an action movie packed with old-school stars , is to start in Bulgaria on August 19 .
The movie 's cast cast is expected to include Jason Statham , Sylvester Stallone , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Milla Jovovich , Mel Gibson , Jackie Chan , Mickey Rourke , Dolph Lundgren and Wesley Snipes , among others . Media reports say Mel Gibson is likely to play the main villain .
The Expendables 2 , starring Stallone , Jason Statham , Jet Li , Dolph Lundgren , Chuck Norris , Terry Crews and Willis , opened in the US on August 16 , 2012 , easily topping the box office that weekend with USD 28.6 M. The Lionsgate and Millennium Films project , which was also shot mainly in Bulgaria , has earned USD 300.4 M worldwide
Most days , as I travel along Milton Road in my hometown of Brisbane , I pass a mural that catches my eye . It 's only in heavy traffic that you really get to see the detail and the intricate story being told .
There 's a ballerina and a business guy , and colour , and light , and movement , and joy , and sadness . It 's one of my favourite pieces around Brisbane , and until recently I had no idea who had done it .
For many years now , Anthony Lister has been plying their trade in Brisbane , as well as other cities around Australia and the world , painting murals and other works of art like the Milton Road piece ( which is now a collaborative piece with artist Sofles ) .
Some residents of Brisbane might recognise the surname ; Lister is a tag that is all over this city . And I bet that , upon inspection of their body of work , most Brisbanites will find some piece that they recognise and admire .
In late January Lister was charged , and found guilty , of wilful damage to property because of several counts of graffiti around Brisbane . In the media coverage of this , Lister has been referred to as “ Brisbane 's Banksy ” .
It is a title that I can only assume makes Lister , Banksy , and every other street artist cringe , but the sentiment is well-meaning . At least he 's being painted as an artist , and not just some street thug .
Former deputy mayor Mr David Hinchliffe is one of several figures to come out in support of Lister . In an article for The Courier Mail last month , Hinchliffe was quoted as saying :
We should be celebrating the fact Brisbane has produced such an internationally-acclaimed artist [ … ] I have nothing but praise and admiration for them [ … ] If Anthony does not get off this charge , Brisbane , as a city , will be humiliated .
The letter of the law was followed , we now know , and Lister was charged with wilful damage to property . But there was no conviction recorded , and the only penalty was a A $ 440 fine and some five hours community service . According to the Queensland government website under graffiti offences , the maximum penalty for wilful damage is up to five years in prison .
One might comment that it is perfectly reasonable that Lister was found guilty . They broke the law , and many would say they did it intentionally . And to a certain extent , they 're right . Graffiti is often subversive , an engagement with the public against the wishes of whatever establishment is currently in place .
But the thing about street art is , while it 's illegal and frowned upon by officials ( at least in Brisbane ) , it is also a sign of a healthy and vibrant city . It is a sign that the community values art and expression . It is a sign that the community understands and engages with its public spaces .
New York , Paris , London , Moscow , Amsterdam , Barcelona , Melbourne , and so many other cities around the world are seen as cultural hubs , in no small part because of their street-art scene . They also present themselves as strong communities , ones with a sense of their own identity .
Mr Hinchliffe 's sentiments are shared by a great deal of people . Magistrate Barry Cosgrove , who ruled that the graffiti constituted wilful damage , also acknowledged Lister 's talent .
This should be an opportunity for the democratic process to work . When the law of the land comes in conflict with a possible good for the community , there should be a vigorous and passionate exchange of ideas . At the end we should all emerge different , but united under our communal strength .
In a previous Conversation article , I argued that graffiti is about public space and the kinds of engagements our community can have in this space .
The Queensland government has the power to remove graffiti from private property where it is visible to the public , and where no direct consent has been given by the owner . External parts of private property are included in what is considered public space .
In Lister 's case , the definition of public space has been narrowly defined in accord with a narrow law . That law has very little to do with how Brisbanites – and city dwellers in general – enjoy and use communal spaces .
The very possibility of having communal discourse is being threatened . Both sides of this debate are actually not arguing about whether or not we consider Lister an artist ; it is a given that they are . What is being argued is about where artists like Lister can engage with their communities , and under whose authority .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wales will be sold to the world in a “ year of legends ” during which the role the nation played in inspiring authors including JRR Tolkien , Roald Dahl and Dylan Thomas will be celebrated .
The focus on “ legends ” follows on from 2016 's “ year of adventure ” and comes at a time of high hopes for the contribution tourism can make to the Welsh economy .
The amount spent by day visitors to Wales has climbed by more than 40 % , according to the Welsh Government , with the number of international tourism visits going up by 15 % in the first six months of 2016 .
Six out of 10 ( 61 % ) overseas visitors named historic sites as a key reason to come here and £1.28m has been approved for 35 projects connected to the Year of Legends themes .
( Image : Richard Swingler )
Economy Secretary Ken Skates said : “ The Year of Legends provides a platform for us to tell our story and promote our heritage and culture to the world and is the perfect opportunity for us to work across the tourism and arts sectors to find new and innovative ways of telling that story . ”
Denying that the year is about “ looking backwards ” , they said : “ [ The ] Year of Legends is about bringing the past to life like never before , with cutting-edge innovation . It 's about creating and celebrating new Welsh legends modern-day personalities , products and events that are made in Wales , or enriched by coming here .
” This is an opportunity for communities across Wales to pull together and help us tell the story of Wales . The long-term vision is to take pride ; and to strengthen and enhance the very fabric of the culture and communities we serve to promote in the first place ; providing a firm basis for future legends to emerge . ”
( Image : Andy Marshall )
As well as promoting historic sites , a focus will involve welcoming the UEFA Champions League Final to Cardiff in what the Welsh Government describes as the “ single biggest sporting event in the world this year ” .
Arthurian lore will be celebrated in a “ Merlin festival ” in Carmarthen in March which will feature street entertainment , magic , a local produce market and a sculpture trail .
In June the town of Conwy will stage epic Midsummer 's eve festivities involving a jousting competition , history camps , a medieval market , dragons , jesters and other street entertainers as well as a medieval banquet .
It is understood 450,000 foreign trips were made to Wales in the first half of last year . Wales ' 15 % increase in visitors compared with rises in England and Scotland of only around 2.5 % .
However , during this time less than 2 % of UK tourist spend took place in Wales , suggesting the nation is still punching below its weight .
The Welsh Conservatives argued last year that Welsh Government “ backslapping ” was premature because the fall in the value of the pound can be expected to boost the number of people coming to the country .
The best bits of Fantastic Mr Fox :
In their book Storms of my Grandchildren , noted climate scientist James Hansen issued the following warning : `` [ I ] f we burn all reserves of oil , gas , and coal , there is a substantial chance we will initiate the runaway greenhouse . If we also burn the tar sands and tar shale , I believe the Venus syndrome is a dead certainty . ''
Venus has a thick atmosphere that is 96.5 percent carbon dioxide , which keeps its surface at nearly 900°F ( 482°C ) . The planet 's water boiled off to space long ago . Could that really happen on Earth , which is farther from the sun , and where the CO2 level is just now rising past 400 parts per million ?
The key to the argument is a well-documented positive feedback loop . As carbon dioxide warms the planet through the greenhouse effect , more water evaporates from the ocean—which amplifies the warming , because water vapor is a greenhouse gas too . That positive feedback is happening now . Hansen argues that fossil-fuel burning could cause the process to run out of control , vaporizing the entire ocean and sterilizing the planet .
Respected as Hansen is , the argument has n't convinced climate scientists who specialize in the evolution of planetary atmospheres . During the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum ( PETM ) , 56 million years ago , a huge natural spike in CO2 sent temperatures on Earth soaring—but life went on and the ocean remained intact .
`` I think you can say we 're still safe against the Venus syndrome , '' says Raymond Pierrehumbert of the University of Chicago . `` If we were going to run away , we 'd probably have done it during the PETM . ''
In the past few years , however , physicists have been training supercomputers on the lowly water molecule , calculating its properties from first principles—and finding that it absorbs more radiation at more wavelengths than they 'd realized before . In a paper published this week in Nature Geosciences , those calculations have rippled into a simple climate model . The paper 's conclusion contains this slightly unsettling sentence : `` The runaway greenhouse may be much easier to initiate than previously thought . ''
National Geographic asked the lead author , Colin Goldblatt of the University of Victoria in British Columbia , to explain .
In an earlier paper , published just last year , you wrote that `` it is unlikely to be possible , even in principle , to trigger a runaway greenhouse . ''
Yeah—and I was wrong ! I was plain wrong then .
What do you say now ?
It used to be thought that a runaway greenhouse was not theoretically possible for Earth with its present amount of sunlight . We 've shown that , to the contrary , it is theoretically possible . That does n't mean it 's going to happen—but it 's theoretically possible .
What changed ?
The models we had were underestimating the amount of radiation that would be absorbed in a water-vapor-rich atmosphere .
How does that connect to the runaway greenhouse ?
Going back to absolute basics—the surface of the Earth emits radiation , and some of that radiation gets absorbed in the atmosphere by gases like CO2 and water vapor . This means less radiation can get out to space than if there were no greenhouse atmosphere . Or conversely , to get the same amount of radiation out to space to balance the energy you 're getting from the sun , the surface needs to be hotter . That 's what 's happening now : Because we 're making the greenhouse effect stronger , the Earth is heating up so it will come back into balance .
Now , if you put enough water vapor in the atmosphere , any radiation from the surface will get absorbed before it gets out to space—all of it , everything . Only the upper part of the atmosphere can emit radiation to space . So it turns out there 's a fixed amount of radiation you can emit to space once you have enough water vapor .
It 's like if you take a layer of tinted glass—one layer , you 'll be able to see through . But if you stack up 10 , 20 , or 100 layers , you ca n't see through it .
So the runaway greenhouse effect happens when the amount of incoming solar radiation exceeds this fixed limit ?
Exactly . It happens when you absorb more sunlight than you can emit thermal radiation . And what I 've shown here , which is new , is that the limit on how much radiation Earth can get out to space is smaller than we previously thought . And the amount of sunlight that will be absorbed in a water-vapor-rich atmosphere is bigger than we previously thought . So the implication for the Earth now is that it is possible to absorb more sunlight than you could emit to space from a water-vapor-rich atmosphere .
But your model does not consider the moderating effect of clouds .
That 's correct . You start off with the simplest model you can , and then you build in complexity . We 've calculated the maximum amount of sunlight Earth will absorb and the maximum amount of thermal radiation it will emit . So the next step will be to do some modeling with clouds in , which will probably modify the answers .
Clouds reflect sunlight , but if you put them high enough in the atmosphere , they 'll also have a greenhouse effect . On Earth today , the reflection effect dominates—clouds overall have a cooling effect .
What does your work say about Hansen 's warning ?
What my results show is that if you put about ten times as much carbon dioxide in the atmosphere as you would get from burning all the coal , oil , and gas—about 30,000 parts per million—then you could cause a runaway greenhouse today . So burning all the fossil fuels wo n't give us a runaway greenhouse . However , the consequences will still be dire . It wo n't sterilize the planet , but it might topple Western civilization . There are no theoretical obstacles to that .
What does Venus teach us ?
Because Venus is nearer the sun , it gets more energy from the sun than we do—it 's like standing nearer the campfire . We think Venus experienced this runaway greenhouse early in its history . Venus 's past is Earth 's future .
The sun increases its luminosity slowly with time . At the beginning of the solar system , the sun was only 70 percent as bright as it is now . It 's going to keep getting brighter . Given that the runaway greenhouse happens when there 's more solar radiation absorbed than we can emit thermal radiation , it 's just going to happen .
When ?
In somewhere between half a billion and a billion years .
At the end of your 2012 paper , you suggested we might forestall that by moving Earth 's orbit farther from the sun .
I put that in as a little joke—as a little nod to Don Korycansky , an astronomer . When Don first proposed that you could just move the Earth out with gravity assists from asteroids , they ended up on the Daily Show talking about it .
As a species we are technologically adolescent at the moment . If we get through adolescence , if we get through the next couple of hundred years alive , as a mature species who is not screwing up the planet that we live on , and then if you 're talking about on timescales of hundreds of millions of years—how are we going to keep our planet alive ? Then I think that 's the kind of thing you might start to think about .
As part of the update , the deal applies retroactive parity to 2015 , meaning transit commuters could be eligible for up to $ 250 a month ( the same as the parking benefit ) . But in reality it 's hard to go back and get credit for that lost money , says Jason Pavluchuk , director of government affairs for the Association for Commuter Transportation , an advocacy group in Alexandria , Virginia .
Parity among commuters is only fair—and ideally would stretch beyond cars and transit to bike riders , too . Given how difficult it 's been for transit riders to get the same benefits as drivers in the past , the new rule is certainly a win for major metro area residents . But the provision ( which , it 's worth noting , still must survive official votes ) falls short of a total victory for a couple reasons .
The new tax deal reached by Congress includes a provision that creates parity between commuters who drive to work and those who take the train , subway , or bus . Under the existing rules , employees who ride public transit can get a maximum of $ 130 a month in IRS commuter benefits , while those who park at the office get up to $ 250 . Beginning in 2016 the playing field levels out to $ 255 for both commute modes .
Pavluchuk explains that IRS rules only permit retroactive benefits for employees who withheld above the allowable cap . So if you told your employer you want $ 200 put on your transit fare card each month in 2015 , even though the official benefits cap was $ 130 , you might be able to recoup some of the losses via an amended W2 . But if you stuck to the official cap of $ 130 and topped off your fare card via cash or personal credit cards , you 're probably out of luck .
“ If you go in and show your month 's worth of , ‘ Hey , I bought it with my own credit card , and here 's the receipt'—that 's not good enough , ” they say .
Nor does parity necessarily help traffic congestion
On a personal level , tax breaks for transit-riding Americans is a great thing . But at the city level , it 's not clear whether commuter benefits parity is enough to reduce congestion and car-reliance in major metros .
The best available evidence suggests that benefits parity wo n't do much to change commuter mode choice . Research by Andrea Hamre and Ralph Buehler has found that when companies offer workers both parking and transit benefits , more people drive alone than when companies offer no commuter benefits at all . The lure of free or very cheap parking is so great , especially when paired with the convenience of driving in most U.S. cities , that few employees make the switch to bus or rail .
The only certain way to get commuters to stop driving alone and start taking public transport is to offer transit benefits but charge a market rate for parking—something Panasonic recently did follow its move to Newark , with great success . In other words , you have to reestablish commuter benefit disparity , but this time tip the balance toward transit . And that 's not the sort of city-friendly policy you should expect from federal officials anytime soon .
gallup_playground_design_021414.jpg
A conceptual image showing what a new `` universal access '' playground could look like at Ann Arbor 's Gallup Park along the Huron River .
( Courtesy of City of Ann Arbor )
The Rotary Club of Ann Arbor will celebrate its 100-year anniversary in 2016 and has chosen to help fund a community project to commemorate the milestone . That will take shape in the form of a new `` universal access '' playground at Gallup Park , city officials said this week . A universal access playground is described as one that is designed to be usable by all people to the greatest extent possible . That 's in contrast a standard handicap-accessible playground that complies with the minimum accessibility standards under the Americans with Disabilities Act . Karen Kerry , the Rotary Club 's president-elect , said it will be a state-of-the-art facility that will serve all — young and old , with and without physical challenges — and offer a unique opportunity for families to enjoy the beauty of the Huron River . The Rotary Club has committed to raising at least $ 250,000 to put toward the construction . The preliminary budget is $ 500,000 . The city plans to contribute $ 100,000 and also seek state grant funding from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources . Construction is expected to take place in 2016 . `` This is an exciting and important project , and we 're incredibly fortunate to have the Rotary Club of Ann Arbor as partners , '' said Colin Smith , the city 's parks and recreation manager . `` Ann Arbor Parks and Recreation has some 80 playgrounds , but none are universal access playgrounds , so this project addresses a real community need . '' The playground will be located in the east section of Gallup Park , near picnic shelters and a youth fishing pond . It will replace an existing , antiquated play structure . Smith said it 's expected to measure roughly 5,000 square feet , which is about twice the size and footprint of the play area there now . Asked how it would be different , Smith said there would be a heavier use of ramps throughout the playground structures , and it would be one one solid surface . `` Universal access playgrounds kind of have one surface instead of it being made up of wood chips or composite materials , '' they said . `` It 's usually recycled rubber or something along those lines , so it 's much more accessible for somebody on wheels . A public discussion about the project will take place from 7-8:30 p.m. Thursday , Feb. 20 , at the Ann Arbor Senior Center , 1320 Baldwin Ave . The public is invited to attend the meeting to learn more about the project and provide feedback about its exact location and features . For more information about the project and the upcoming meeting , contact Smith at 734-794-6230 ext . 42500 or csmith @ a2gov.org . Accommodations for persons with disabilities , including sign language interpreters , can be arranged by contacting the city clerk 's office at 734-794-6140 or by email at cityclerk @ a2gov.org at least 48 hours in advance of the meeting .
Ryan Stanton covers Ann Arbor city hall for The Ann Arbor News . Reach them at ryanstanton @ mlive.com or 734-623-2529 or follow them on Twitter .
View Caption Hide Caption Trajan bandy sports a jersey of late Miami Hurricanes standout Sean Taylor . ( Twitter )
The Hurricanes landed a big commitment for the 2017 class . Four-star cornerback Trajan Bandy announced their commitment Thursday , giving Miami the No . 29 cornerback in the nation according to 247Sports .
Bandy confirmed their commitment via Twitter .
Bandy ( 5-10 , 175 ) plays at Miami-Columbus , in the same defensive backfield as fellow UM commits Chris Henderson and Josh Jobe ( 2018 ) .
They decommitted from Oklahoma last month and picked UM over South Carolina and Clemson .
Bandy is Miami 's third commitment in the last 24 hours , joining former FSU commit Bradley Jennings Jr. , a linebacker , and Lake Worth High defensive end Jonathan Garvin .
Steve Wiltfong , a recruiting analyst for 247Sports , wrote that Bandy is “ is a technically sound cornerback [ and ] a twitch athlete with great instincts and a nose for the football . There are cornerbacks with more height , but it will be hard to find them with better ball skills and leaping ability . Bandy also has 4.5 speed in the 40-yard dash . ”
Bandy 's coach , Columbus ' Chris Merritt , told 247Sports that Bandy is “ the best cover corner in South Florida , period . … They have a street fighter , street boxer look in their eye . ”
Simeon Jackson left camp to go and sign for a new club as they landed a deal with newly promoted Bundesliga club Eintracht Braunschweig , Randy Edwini-Bonsu has returned home injured , Nana Attakora never made it to the Gold Cup with a head injury , Will Johnson went home sick , and Russell Teibert is also dealing with illness .
That is all of the problems that Canada are facing heading in to their match against Mexico . They did bring in Kyle Porter to fill in for REB but the options on the roster are severely limited if Johnson and Teibert are unable to contribute . Things have gotten so bad that on a conference call Head Coach Colin Miller joked that Paul Dolan and themselves are getting warmed up and ready to go .
Now things are not quite so bad as the team needing to dress Miller and Dolan but considering that Canada had a lot of their top players turn down the call to play in this summer 's Gold Cup , losing any players is a hit to the squad 's already slim chances .
Coming off the loss to Martinique the Canadians know that they are going to need to pull off the unexpected on Thursday night against a Mexico team that will be desperate for a win . Canada 's loss to Martinique was a stunner to many but so was Mexico losing to Panama . The first match day turned the group on its head but on Thursday Mexico will certainly be looking to get things back on track .
Mexico have been misfiring this year which gives Canada a slim hope but unless Canada plays a lot better than they did against Martinique things could end up getting ugly . It is a tough match to call though because of the fact that Mexico have not looked like themselves in 2013 . If they keep playing poorly it could be the end of their coaches job and could be the opening that Canada needs to steal a result .
If Mexico does continue to stutter and opens the door for Canada it will still be a big ask for the Canadians to find a way to capitalize . The squad started off with limited quality in the attack and now it has been reduced to next to nothing . Simeon Jackson was the top scorer with only 6 to their name and now they are gone , Teibert and Johnson were both on good attacking form in MLS but Canada could be without both of them on Thursday night , and they are without the pace of Edwini-Bonsu . That does not leave a whole lot of options as Tosaint Ricketts , Marcus Haber , and Kyle Porter do n't give MIller a whole lot to work with .
With so few attacking options Canada will need to look to be very solid at the back and keep the game as close as possible . If they can defend well and keep Mexico off the board then they might have the chance to snatch the game off a set piece if they can actually get some good service to the defenders when they get the chance to push forward into the area .
At the senior international level Canada and Mexico have met on 28 previous occasions and history has not been kind to Canada . The Canadians have a record of 4 wins , 8 draws , and 16 defeats over that stretch and have been out scored 19 to 61 .
It all adds to to little reason to hope that Canada will get a surprise result in this game . Their only hope is that José Manuel de la Torre continues to struggle to get results out of their team and Mexico finds a way to lose this game . If Canada does suffer a second straight defeat it could bring their chances of advancing past the group stage to an end .
If things do turn ugly hopefully Miller will at least hand some players their first caps and look to give experience to some of the younger players on the roster . Based on the way the team performed in the first match it ca n't hurt to give some other players a chance to impress .
Ben & Jerry 's , a longstanding corporate champion of gay rights , is celebrating the Supreme Court 's ruling legalizing gay marriage throughout the U.S. by renaming one of its ice cream flavors . During the summer the chain will rename its Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream to “ I Dough , I Dough ” at participating stores . Proceeds from the ice cream sales will go to the Human Rights Campaign , a nonprofit that advocates for LGBT rights .
We 've honorarily renamed Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough to “ I Dough , I Dough ” in our Scoop Shops . http : //t.co/J8Kd68ZQaB pic.twitter.com/xCgss0vXdM — Ben & Jerry 's ( @ benandjerrys ) June 26 , 2015
This is not the first time Ben & Jerry 's has been a vocal supporter of gay rights . In 1989 the company was the first major employer in Vermont to offer health insurance to same-sex partners of employees . More recently Ben & Jerry 's joined a petition of major businesses asking the Supreme Court to strike down same-sex marriage bans across the U.S .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Julie Eva Borowski has done it again with a solid video on the issue of libertarian in-flighting . The caricature has me saying something wonderful about the decision to pour milk in my cereal . “ Beautiful anarchy ! ”
Well , it 's not entirely absurd . The decision to pour milk or not to pour milk is an illustration of human volition that is embodied in all our decisions . There is no police present at the moment of choice . There is no plan in place that makes us pour or not to pour . Even if there were a plan , it is likely to be ignored . It would be destined to fail .
Actually , as I think about it , there is something of a plan . According to the government , cereal is only part of a “ nutritious breakfast. ” You know , the pictures on the ads . There is a big glass of orange juice , a piece of toast with butter , probably another glass of milk , and probably a half slice of grapefruit . It 's absurd . I 've never seen anyone eat all that on a regular basis with cereal . On the contrary , we shake the box in the bowl and eat . We are defying the plan , even that urged on us by manufacturers .
So yes , there is a core of anarchism in the decision to pour and eat .
And it does n't just stop with the pouring and eating . The anarchist dimension of production is illustrated in the very existence of milk and cereal .
Humankind lived 6,000 without a reliable source for milk . Milk spoils . It must be transported before that happens . Before trains and refrigeration , you were pretty much out of luck , unless you owned a goat or cow , or someone close by did . We underestimate what a seminal moment it was in the history of civilization for milk to be delivered to your doorstep back in the 1930s and 1940s . It was wonderful practice and culturally significant commercial institution , displaced only with the mass spread of electric refrigeration in the 1950s . If you think about it , we are only a few generations into a period in which people could reliably keep things cold in all months of the year . Milk was and is a luxury good .
There was no plan . There was no government push . It happened because of private enterprise operating in the spirit of freedom : “ people need stuff so let 's get it to them . ”
Now to the source of milk itself . It comes from cows . Modern socialists hate cows because they seem implausibly inefficient . They eat vast amounts of grain and grass , take up huge swaths of land that could be used for farming , and otherwise consume an enormous amount of resources . To keep one alive just to milk is a big expense , one requiring the accumulation of capital and long-term planning .
Think of this : no central planner , a person who assumes that they or they know better than the market , would ever approve of a cow . On the face of it , there would be no way to know for sure , in absence of market prices and a profit-and-loss system , that a cow should be allowed to live .
Now to the cereal question . The variety and brands have delighted generations . No one person can make a box of cereal . It takes thousands , with ingredients that can come from all over the world . But there is an additional point here worth considering . Many brands have been around for decades and generations . They persist and persist . It is point of unity between us : we 've all had Cheerios , Shredded Wheat , Sugar/Honey Smacks , Cap'n Crunch .
I was in the car the other day with some people I had not met and we were all fishing around for topics . Finally I brought up cereal , and the whole scene came to life . We talked and talked about the changes in Crunchberries , the shifts over the years in Lucky Charms , the yuckiness of puffed wheat , and much more . It was pure delight .
So within the cereal industry , we have authentic tradition at work . That 's an interesting observation about a market institution . Markets are said to be in constant upheaval and thereby always in a war against tradition . This is not actually the case . Cereal is a persistent tradition , even down to the original brand names . It has been done without any plans from government , any preservation boards and bureaus , or even hectoring traditionalists warning us against abandoning the permanent things .
We can therefore see how anarchism is n't really about unrelenting unpredictability . Within cereal markets , we can see that anarchist-like production can preserve valuable traditions insofar as consumers — the real power behind the market — want it to be this way .
What the milk and cereal market needs is more anarchism , not less . Raw milk should be completely legal here as most everywhere else in the world . People should be allowed more choice . It is the same with the regulations and taxes that make entry into the cereal market more expensive than it ought to be . Let there be more brands , more producers , ever more choice .
And yet , let 's return to Julie 's original example of the decision to pour milk . In the end , it is ours and ours alone . There is no force of the state that can successfully enforce a single choice in this area . States are n't that powerful and they never will be .
So , yes , let us eat cereal , pour milk , and consider the great lessons of this event . It really does illustrate a beautiful anarchy .
By LACEY LOUWAGIE as published on Court House News Service
“ …came across a dead horse carcass in one pasture , and a burial pit containing at least 25 carcasses in various states of decay ”
LANTRY , S.D . ( CN ) — A judge has stepped in to aid hundreds of horses on a wild horse sanctuary , ordering their care handed temporarily over to two South Dakota counties , after a veterinarian confirmed shocking documentation of neglect .
The Oct. 11 order came two weeks after former employee Colleen Burns drew public attention to the International Society for the Protection of Mustangs and Burros by releasing 16 pages of photos , video stills and journal entries detailing the deaths of at least 30 horses on the ranch , many of whom died of starvation this summer .
The society 's president , Karen Sussman , said in an email to “ Believe nothing of what you hear and only half of what you see , ” regarding Burns ' depiction of the ranch .
But veterinarian Dr. Marc Hammrich , who investigated the ranch after receiving a complaint from Burns , categorized the horses as “ neglected ” in their Sept. 15 Animal Welfare Investigation Report , which was included in court documents released Tuesday .
“ Immediately apparent was the lack of feed in the pen and the majority of the horses nosing through the dried manure looking for remaining hay to eat from the last feeding which was scant to nonexistent , ” they wrote .
They found similar conditions in all four of the ranch 's herds , in one case noting that horses were “ searching the ground for feed and in some cases eating manure . ”
They came across a dead horse carcass in one pasture , and a burial pit containing at least 25 carcasses in various states of decay . Hammrich estimated that 10 percent of the ranch 's horses would not survive the winter without intervention .
Ziebach County Judge Jerome Eckrich 's 2-page impoundment order on Tuesday adopts the conditions set forth in an agreement between the county attorneys for Ziebach and Dewey counties , where the ranch is , and Sussman .
Although the 650 horses will stay on the ranch , the Ziebach and Dewey county sheriffs will oversee their care temporarily , according to the Joint Motion for Voluntary Impoundment .
However , the sheriffs require that alternative arrangements be made before winter .
“ I have dedicated my life , my fortune , and my reputation to the protection of wild horses throughout the United States , ” Sussman said in a statement . “ More than once in my 30 years with the organization , I have personally financed our activities to feed , study , care for and protect these beautiful animals . I have dedicated the majority of my time freely , only rarely collecting a salary , and selling my personal property to provide much needed funds to the organization for hay . To accuse me of cruelty or disinterest of these wild horses , that I have dedicated my life to protecting , is both outrageous and preposterous . ”
Sussman can get the horses back if they can produce a viable plan for providing adequate food , shelter and veterinary care for the next 18 months . In addition , they must provide a specific “ end of life plan ” for horses suffering from age , injuries or sickness .
“ We have been developing an ongoing management plan which includes downsizing our herds , potential purchase of a larger property to reduce our costs of ever rising hay prices , and a long-range vision for our organization , ” Sussman said .
Sussman 's plan , which must include provisions for reimbursing the county for the horses ' care , is due Oct. 27 .
In the meantime , a veterinarian will inspect the horses and divide them into three groups : those that are healthy enough to survive the winter with adequate food and care , those that will require special attention to survive the winter , and those that are unlikely to survive the winter and should be euthanized .
The motion encourages Sussman to make arrangements for some of the horses to be adopted .
Any horses not adopted or returned to Sussman by Dec. 1 will be sold at a public auction .
http : //www.courthousenews.com/2016/10/13/Horses % 20Doc.pdf
To help feed the horses , go to :
http : //wildhorsesanctuaryalliance.org/
SD Dewey County Auditor Creates Way to Donate to Starving former Wild Horses
https : //www.gofundme.com/2s6e7j8
There 's one last noteworthy excerpt from Bloomberg 's interview with Pokémon CEO Tsunekazu Ishihara . As part of the discussion , Ishihara spoke about they initially doubted Switch 's success , and even told Nintendo as such .
Ishihara added that they “ came to realize the key to a successful game is quite simple : software with absolute quality leads sales of hardware. ” They did acknowledge Switch 's early success , but Ishihara feels that it needs to take another step to reach a wider audience . While the potential is there , “ one should n't overestimate its potential . ”
Ishihara 's full words :
“ I told Nintendo that Switch would n't be a success before it went on sale , because I thought that in the age of the smartphone , no one would carry out a game console . It 's obvious I was wrong . I came to realize the key to a successful game is quite simple : software with absolute quality leads sales of hardware . Playing style can be flexible if the software is attractive enough . Currently , it 's popular among the early adopters , but there needs to be one more step to attract a wider audience . I see more potential in Switch , but one should n't overestimate its potential . ”
Source
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Sons limit care for aging parents because they know sisters will do it , study suggests . ( Tyler Olson/SimpleFoto )
Women step up to provide care for their aging parents more than twice as often as men , a new study has found .
The new research found that in families with children of both sexes , the gender of the child is the single biggest factor in determining who will provide care for the aging parent : Daughters will increase the time they spend with an elderly parent to compensate for sons who reduce theirs , effectively ceding the responsibility to their sisters .
By foisting most of their care-giving duties onto women , men also shift the physical and mental stress of providing care , as well as the financial burden , the study 's author said .
The findings – which are to be presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Sociological Association in San Francisco – suggest that traditional gender roles are the most telling factor in providing care for the elderly . How much care women provide for an aging parent is often shaped by competing concerns such as their jobs or children . Men , in contrast , base their care for an aging parent on whether a sister or the parent 's spouse can handle those responsibilities .
Angelina Grigoryeva , a doctoral candidate in sociology at Princeton University , found that daughters provide an average of 12.3 hours of elderly parent care per month as compared to sons ' 5.6 hours .
“ In other words , daughters spend twice as much time , or almost seven more hours each month , providing care to elderly parents than sons , ” Grigoryeva said in a written statement . They said the data suggest that despite a shift toward more gender equality in the United States in the past few decades , the imbalance is “ acute ” when it comes to caring for aging parents .
The paper , “ When Gender Trumps Everything : The Division of Parent Care Among Siblings , ” used data from the University of Michigan Health and Retirement Study , which surveyed more than 26,000 people over the age of 50 every two years . The association said papers presented at ASA annual meetings are “ typically working papers ” that have not yet been published in peer-reviewed journals .
A sea monster ... and he 's still a nipper ! Monster Tasmanian King Crab saved from the pot and shipped to Britain for aquarium display
Claude weighs a mighty 15lbs and measures 15 inches wide and would have produced 20lbs worth of meat
Advertisement
They were destined for the pot – if they had found one big enough to fit .
But Claude the Tasmanian giant crab was saved from death when the fisherman who caught them sold them to a British aquarium for £3,000 .
Now , after a 29-hour plane journey from Australia – where giant crab meat is a delicacy – and two weeks in quarantine , Claude is ready to meet their public .
Catch of the day : Held up by Sealife aquarist Jemma Battric , Claude weighs a mighty 15lbs and measures 15 inches wide - when they are fully grown they will weigh a whopping 30lbs and gain an extra three inches
Lucky escape : The Tasmanian King Crab is a delicacy in its native Australia and was destined for the dinner table until it was snapped up by a British aquarium worker . They paid £3,000 for three and had them flown to the UK
They are the biggest crab on display in the UK and weighs a mighty 15lb with a 15-inch shell – enough to make 160 crab cakes .
Claude is 100 times bigger than a standard UK shore crab . Yet they are still a juvenile and will grow to double their weight .
Claude was caught off the coast of Tasmania last month , but was sold to the Sea Life group along with two other Tasmanian giant crabs .
They will go on display at the Sea Life centre in Weymouth , Dorset , on Thursday , and their two companions will be moved to other centres in Birmingham and Berlin if Claude responds well to their new home .
Currently they are being kept on their own in a specially made cylindrical tank , ten feet tall and six feet wide , but the aquarium will introduce some coldwater fish once they are settled .
Mini me : Claude dwarfs a British Shore crab who is put on their back for size and to show just how gigantic they are
Big crab , small appetite : 'The crabs do n't eat very much despite being one of the largest species and they will feed on shrimp , prawns , and squid when they are here , ' said Jemma Battrick , aquarist at Weymouth Sea Life
In the wild , crabs eat any dead or dying matter they find on the seabed but Claude is currently dining on diced mackerel and squid and is reportedly very happy with their gourmet diet .
Rob Hicks , head marine biologist for Sea Life , said : ‘ They are such impressive creatures we thought that it was worth the cost and effort of flying them halfway round the world so they can flourish in an aquarium display .
‘ They had a stopover in Hong Kong and arrived with us two weeks ago . It took them a few days to get over the jet-lag but now they 're feeding happily and do n't seem any the worse for their trip . '
Jemma Battrick , aquarist at Weymouth Sea Life said : 'When I found out we were getting the crabs in I was really excited .
Massive claws : Rob Hicks , head marine biologist for Sea Life , said : 'They are such impressive creatures we thought that it was worth the cost and effort of flying them half-way round the world to so they can flourish in an aquarium display '
'We already have a tank here for them so it will be easy to move them in , and they will go on display straight away .
'The crabs do n't eat very much despite being one of the largest species and they will feed on shrimp , prawns , and squid when they are here .
The GenoCoaster broke again .
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported Monday that based on an initial MRI , Geno Smith tore their ACL , per sources with direct knowledge of the situation . Smith will have a second opinion on Tuesday .
It 's another brutal blow for the New York Jets quarterback .
Smith started their first game since 2014 on Sunday but left in the second quarter with a knee injury . They completed 4 of 8 passes for 95 yards and a touchdown before exiting .
Smith said after the game they did n't think the injury was `` too significant . '' Monday 's news confirms otherwise .
The embattled Jets passer has suffered some tough luck the past two years .
After starting 29 of their first 30 career games , Smith was in line to keep the gig last season . Then the notorious punch from teammate IK Enemkpali happened , wiping out the start of the season . By the time Smith was healthy enough to play , Ryan Fitzpatrick was entrenched and on their way to breaking the franchise touchdown pass record .
Then Smith listened to team brass hype them this summer as the contract fiasco with Fitzpatrick played out , only to watch the Harvard grad be granted their job back immediately upon signing .
Smith got a front row view for Fitzpatrick 's early season implosion -- including nine interceptions in a two-game span .
Finally , the former second-round pick got their chance to start and show he 'd made progress as a quarterback .
Eight passes later Geno 's chance is gone . Thus ends their Jets tenure .
Smith will head into free agency looking for a fresh start . Despite a dearth of NFL quarterbacks , Smith , coming off an ACL tear with little game film from the past two years , is unlikely to have a hot market .
The Jets will now turn back to Fitzpatrick . At some point , we expect to see Bryce Petty under center this season .
PTI By
WASHINGTON : Eyeing to become the first woman president of the US , Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has said that if elected to the White House half of their Cabinet would be comprised of women . `` I am going to have a cabinet that looks like America , and 50 per cent of America is women , right ? '' Clinton said during a MSNBC town hall last night on the eve of the crucial East Coast primaries in five states - Maryland , Delaware , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Rhode Island .
Them remarks comes a day after their campaign manager John Podesta said that they would like to see Indian-American Neera Tanden in Clinton 's Cabinet . Tanden had worked for Clinton for more than 14 years and currently is head of the Center for American Progress ( CAP ) , a think-tank which has made its own mark at the national and international level under their leadership .
In July , Clinton is likely to be the first woman to be nominated as a presidential candidate by a major political party .
The former secretary of state , who as the First Lady had said that women 's rights are human rights , has made women policies a central part of their campaign . `` I 've devoted a lot of my public life to advocating for women 's rights being human rights , and making the case that we have to do everything we can , through laws , regulations , culture , to change the still-existing stereotypes that hold women back , '' Clinton said during the MSNBC town hall .
`` I think it 's also really important to recognize that we have made progress but we are still a long way from where we need to be . I know that if you look at pay , for example , equal pay is still a problem , and it 's a problem that gets worse as you get older , '' they said .
`` So young women coming right into the workforce often are paid pretty close to equal , if not actually equally . But within a few years there begins to be a disparity . And it 's hard to explain all of the difference because people claim , well , women make different choices and therefore they have a different kind of work life because of those choices but that does not explain all of it , '' they added .
Clinton said they want to really make a big , big push on equal pay for women . `` This has to finally be accomplished . I believe that if we start early and we are absolutely determined we can make a big change there . I want to make a big push for early childhood education because we can talk all we want about our schools , '' they said .
President Trump on Monday hailed oil giant Exxon Mobil Corp. 's announcement of a major jobs and manufacturing plan for Texas and Louisiana .
Exxon said it has embarked on a $ 20 billion plan to build or update manufacturing and refining facilities on the Gulf Coast , something the company predicts will create 45,000 news jobs .
In a statement , Trump said that is “ is exactly the kind of investment , economic development and job creation that will help put Americans back to work . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Many of the products that will be manufactured here in the United States by American workers will be exported to other countries , improving our balance of trade , ” Trump added .
“ This is a true American success story . ”
Trump 's secretary of State , Rex Tillerson , was CEO of Exxon until December , when they left the company to join Trump 's cabinet .
Exxon 's expansion work — which kicked off in 2013 and could last through 2022 — will focus on 11 new or existing chemical , refining , lubricant and liquefied natural gas projects in Louisiana and Texas .
Exxon said its plan will increase its refining and manufacturing capacity in the region .
CEO Darren Woods told an oil and gas industry conference on Monday that the shale boom in the United States was driving the company 's investment plans .
“ The United States is a leading producer of oil and natural gas , which is incentivizing U.S. manufacturing to invest and grow , ” Woods said .
“ We are using new , abundant domestic energy supplies to provide products to the world at a competitive advantage resulting from lower costs and abundant raw materials . ''
If you 're planning to spend your summer hiking through Ontario 's beautiful forests , camping or relaxing outside at the cottage — it may be time to think again .
Mosquito levels are at their highest in years and it 's only June .
Toronto and Ontario saw an increase in rainfall this Spring , leading to a large number of stagnant water sites throughout the province , said Jessica Fang , a biologist with the Toronto and Region Conservation Association .
“ The mosquitoes got a head start in the season , ” they said . “ We 're predicting a higher than normal count of mosquitoes this summer . ”
Avid hiker Doug O'Neill , 57 , is a freelance writer who has already experienced the onslaught of mosquitoes this season .
They are a member of the Toronto chapter of the Bruce Trail club and has enjoyed trekking up new terrain for the last 25 years — but this year , the mosquitoes are especially bad .
“ Mosquitoes were out in full force , ” O'Neill said . “ They were nasty . ”
The bugs are so bad that some of their fellow hikers have decided to skip the hikes this summer .
“ I do have friends who say , ‘ See you in September , ' ” O'Neill said .
Mosquitoes were out in full force
Mosquitoes thrive on high temperatures and precipitation . According to Peter Kimbell , a meteorologist with Environment Canada , Toronto saw 56 per cent more rain in the last 90 days than the normal annual average . Toronto had 334 mm of rain in April , May and June , while the spring average is only 214 mm .
Algonquin Park experienced the most rainfall . The provincial park located between Georgian Bay and the Ottawa River had 465 mm in April , May and June .
April 's high levels of rainfall led to continued flooding across the Greater Toronto Area ‘ s many beaches , creating a “ breeding ground ” for mosquitoes and West Nile Virus .
Fang 's job is to look for mosquitoes possibly infected with the virus . They work for the conservation group in charge of monitoring 47 sites in the Peel , York and Durham regions as well as across the GTA .
West Nile Virus is transmitted by infected female mosquitoes also known as vector mosquitoes . Male mosquitoes are completely harmless and do n't need to feed on people for survival .
“ West Nile virus is primary an avian flu , ” Fang said . “ People are dead-end hosts and most people that have contracted WNV will show no or very mild symptoms . ”
Higher than normal temperatures in June led to two recorded hotspots . Hotspots occur when there are 30 or more vector mosquitoes per site .
“ I have never seen hotspots in the first sample event , which is the first few weeks of June , ” Fang said .
Mosquitoes grow in artificial containers like garbage lids , bins and anything that contains water in backyards . Fang advises that any containers at risk of having water build-up should be emptied weekly .
“ Mosquitoes are a regular part of summer like sandals and shorts , ” they said . “ I know they 've forecast warmer than normal temperatures but we wo n't know how much it 's increased until the end of the summer when we 've had all our data . ”
Five ways to protect yourself from mosquitoes
1 . Wear light-coloured clothing
2 . Wear long-sleeved clothing
3 . Use repellent with 25 per cent deet
4 . Avoid wooded areas at dusk and dawn
5 . Empty containers that collect water in your yard weekly
Skateboarder Decio Lourenco 's popularity is soaring thanks to their starring role in a YouTube video that shows them hurtling down a steep mountain road at 68 mph to set off a speed camera . Now the cops in South Africa are after Lourenco for what presumably amounts to reckless driving . `` We 've handed over the matter to traffic officials and want them arrested , '' JP Smith , the Cape Town official in charge of safety and security , told Reuters on Thursday . `` The speed limit is irrelevant . They are seen careening down the road in a reckless and dangerous manner . `` The video , titled , `` Spoofing the Traffic Camera -- Longboarding without Limits , '' has garnered more than 212,000 views since it was uploaded on Jan. 26.It shows the skateboarder , clad in short pants but wearing gloves and a helmet , beginning their run atop an uncrowded road , in sparse sunlight . They quickly gain speed and becomes streamlined by crouching and placing their arms behind their back , as cars on the opposite lane whiz by with headlights on.Toward the bottom of their run , in a more crowded city setting , Lourenco raises their arms triumphantly , after a GPS unit strapped to their foot revealed that they had clocked 110 kilometers , or 68 mph , in a 60-kilometer zone.The road in question is Kloof Nek , one of the steepest in Cape Town , and long popular among skateboarders.As for the local skate community , it did not seem pleased to learn that the police were trying to track down one of the country 's most well-known riders.States a post on South Africa 's National Skate Collective Facebook page : `` The city is trying to shut us down . They want to arrest one of our own , Decio ! What do you think we should do ? Mass Action ? More meetings ? Keep hiding from the cops ? `` Of course , if Lourenco is arrested and garners headlines , he 's likely to become even more famous and beloved .
This week we go over news leading to Update 18 's release .
Blooper video here .
Game News
Update 18 Delayed 24 Hours
Store Sales
Free Sample Of The Week April 8th – 14th
+100 % Crafting XP Use Coupon Code TPNf5q7LsZeKa 1/Account
25 % Off
Legendary Slot Unlock
Legacy Tier Upgrades
Legacies
Scroll of Combination
Relic Removal Scroll
LOTRO Players News is brought to us by a Lady of Rohan on the go…
LOTRO Players News
Community Events : April 8th-14th
Landroval Blue Theatre Song Contest
Poll : Do You Like Imbued Weapons ?
Middle-earth Lore Episode 3 : The Blue Mountains
LOTRO Academy : 122 – The Road to Erebor
Tales of the Free Folk Episode 14 : Where 's Karvett ?
Small LOTRO Adventures Episode 47
Small LOTRO Adventures Episode 48
Critters Casual – Minimal VIP for Max Result
Critters Casual – How to get premium account cheaply
The Family Line Part 86
Critters Journey Part 18
Poems of the Pine : The Shadow of the Abyss
Week In LOTRO
Andang
Released Episode 3 of Middle-earth Lore
Finished the ‘ new ' Minas Tirith quests
( Bingo Boffin Spoiler Alert ) Hunted for like a half hour for the silly Bingo trinket until someone helped me Literally walked right past the silly log at least 2 times
Karvett
Started a new trend for crafting on Free 2 Play stream : PVP for ore nodes . Herald fight club anyone ?
ProTip : Haudh Valandil is a great place to work on Evendim 's Limrafn slayer deed , and spirits aiding Angmar as well .
Took the Beardkissers into the Lone Lands — Wild Flower can tell us more about that expedition .
WildFlower
Yelled at Karv a lot . uhm… yeah .
Spiders… * shudder *
Used LOTRO as a stress relief tool , as killing mobs is more societally acceptable than killing people .
Teriadwyn
Discovered the dwarven drinking song in a rare perusal of the forums .
Challenge mini finished Wildermore quests and that bit of the epic , has made it to western Rohan and level 89 .
Took the Tuesday remnants ( after Karv and WildFlower abandoned us ) on a level 100 5-man romps through Sammath Gul .
Arathaert
Last week was Spring Break so warg time – finally hit rank 10 !
Final Bingo Boffin LOTROstream – Aratiny hit lvl 83 and is working through the Wildermore epic quests
Getting Twitch.tv/SignumU set up & my characters into the Mythgard Kinship on Landroval
Pineleaf
T3 Skirmish raids : Way of Smiths and Pony ( in the latter , Heathstraw misbehaved )
Ran many a skirmish
Ran a few quests in Minas Tirith to get ready for the update .
News Beyond LOTRO
Middle-earth Video Highlights : Diggy Diggy Hole
Moot of the Week
Topic : What are the pros and cons of Hobbits ?
Donations
We currently have 24 supporters on Patreon . If you would like to join this illustrious raid of players and help support LOTRO Players , simply go to the donation page where you can support The Players Alliance on Patreon . There you will find rewards including a mention on the podcast of your choice , or even guest for an episode on LOTRO Players News .
Feedback
Reviews
This week we did not receive any reviews on iTunes .
Emails
MKJP_2014 writes : — Karvett can read and answer as I had to do this in the past few months .
“ Greetings LOTRO Players ! ! ! !
Thank you for the LOTRO players news ! ! ! I love the show and just now thought of asking you a question , as I am exhausted of looking online . I am not really a new player to LOTRO as this will be my second year this December . I already have two character at cap ( well , at least the current cap = ) ) so I have experienced most of the game by now . However , there is one thing that I really do n't understand . That is Hytbold . In particular , how do you unlock the other classes ' armour so that you can pass it on to other alts ? If you could explain how these quests in Hytbold work I would be most appreciative . Thank you so much for taking the time to read this note ! ! ! Have an awesome day ! !
MKJP_2014 Gladden Champ ”
Contact Us
Email us !
podcast @ lotroplayers.com
Follow us on Twitter !
The Players Alliance @ PlayersAlly
LOTRO Players @ LOTROPlayers
Andang @ PvMP_Andang
Arathaert @ Arathaert
Karvett @ KarvettLP
Maven @ tolkienmaven
Pineleaf @ PineleafNeedles
Teriadwyn @ Teriadwyn
Follow our guest !
WildFlower @ WeedsOrFlowers
Final Thoughts
The Players Alliance LIVE Shows
Mondays at 8:30 p.m. Eastern – DDO Players News
Every other Thursday at 9 p.m. Eastern – XP Quest
Last Friday of every month at 8:30 p.m. Eastern – LOTRO Academy : After School
Saturdays at 8:30 p.m. Eastern – LOTRO Players News
Every other Saturday after LPN – Tales of the Free Folk
Join us for our live shows at lotroplayers.com/live
Thanks for listening !
STOCK PHOTO ( Photo : JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images )
Simi Valley police confirmed Tuesday that a man who was critically injured in a motorcycle stunt on Sunday is the same person who became well-known after jumping over a Riverside County freeway with a motorcycle in March .
Kyle Katsandris , 24 , of San Clemente , was taken to Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center in Thousand Oaks in critical condition on Sunday , said Sgt . Travis Coffey , a spokesperson for the Simi Valley Police Department .
The key board warriors were out in full force . Where are you now # katsandrisleap # nolimits A post shared by @ kyle_katsandris on Mar 3 , 2017 at 10:29am PST
Coffey said police received no advance notice that Katsandris planned to jump across some railroad tracks in Simi Valley on Sunday . Police were told that the stunt — along the 500 block of West Los Angeles Avenue — went wrong at 3:06 p.m .
Coffey said the accident happened on private property . They also said police were not planning to do any follow-up work on the incident , noting that `` the incident did not constitute a reportable traffic accident . ''
`` No charges will be brought '' against anyone , Coffey said .
On Wednesday , Coffey said that while there are currently no charges against Katsandris at this time `` he could be charged later . ''
Katsandris traveled to Simi with friends to record the stunt after learning of the location through social media , authorities said . The stunt involved jumping across railroad tracks .
Coffey said police learned of the stunt after paramedics were called to the site .
A video of Katsandris jumping across four lanes of Highway 60 in Moreno Valley in March was placed on their Instagram account . Another video was posted on YouTube . The videos have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times .
Darren Meyer , a California Highway Patrol officer in Beaumont , said CHP learned of the Highway 60 jump after seeing a post of it on Instagram , a photo- and video-sharing site .
`` Our first concern was that no one would copycat the stunt , '' Meyer said . Caltrans placed heavy equipment on a road in the area to stop other daredevils from jumping there , they said .
`` We also let the public know that this is a misdemeanor , '' Meyer said .
They also said that investigators are still looking at filing misdemeanor charges in connection with the Highway 60 jump .
`` We have a year in which to file them with the district attorney , '' Meyer said , noting that investigators plan to interview Katsandris once they recover from the injuries they suffered Sunday .
`` If we can put together a solid case , we will certainly do it , '' Meyer said .
Meanwhile , Mike Vasquez , a deputy with the Riverside County Sheriff 's Office , said their agency is not investigating the jump in Moreno Valley .
`` This is something the CHP is doing , '' they said .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.vcstar.com/story/news/2017/04/04/jumper-sundays-mishap-simi-valley-man-behind-60-freeway-stunt/100025018/
The legality of unlocking one 's cell phone to run on any network has flipped back and forth in the past several years . It was deemed illegal under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act—then it was made legal by the Library of Congress in an exception to the DMCA passed in 2006 . The Library chose not to renew the exemption in 2012 , however , and it expired in January of this year . That inspired a petition to the White House , which a few weeks ago passed the 100,000 signature mark . The White House then promised to respond .
Today the White House posted its response to the petition . The administration opposes the Library of Congress ' position , and it called for legislation to make consumers ' freedom to unlock their phones crystal clear .
`` If you have paid for your mobile device , and are n't bound by a service agreement or other obligation , you should be able to use it on another network , '' writes R. David Edelman , a White House advisor . `` It 's common sense , crucial for protecting consumer choice , and important for ensuring we continue to have the vibrant , competitive wireless market that delivers innovative products and solid service to meet consumers ' needs . ''
The response tries to be diplomatic toward the Library of Congress . `` The law gives the Librarian the authority to establish or eliminate exceptions—and we respect that process , '' writes Edelman . But their response also notes that `` the DMCA exception process is a rigid and imperfect fit for this telecommunications issue , '' and the problem warrants a broader response .
The Library of Congress has its own statement out . The statement uses awkward language to acknowledge it 's out of step with the White House , without really admitting it was wrong in the first place .
`` The rulemaking is a technical , legal proceeding and involves a lengthy public process , '' reads the Library 's statement . `` It does not permit the US Copyright Office to create permanent exemptions to the law . As designed by Congress , the rulemaking serves a very important function , but it was not intended to be a substitute for deliberations of broader public policy . ''
Edelman 's statement ends by calling for `` narrow legislative fixes '' that would make it clear : unlocking your cell phone is n't a crime . In addition to legislation , the White House also calls for the FCC to play a role . FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski released a statement ( PDF ) this morning saying that their agency is `` looking into whether the agency , wireless providers , or others should take action to preserve consumers ' ability to unlock their mobile phones . ''
This White House action may be able to solve this particular problem . But it does n't change the fact that the DMCA exemption process is an unwieldy and problematic system attempting to deal with the big economic questions brought up by copyright enforcement in the digital age .
Long road for college phone unlocker
Overall , the petition response is a big victory for Sina Khanifar , the San Francisco entrepreneur who founded OpenSignal and started the petition . Khanifar recently told their story to Derek Khanna , and it was published on The Atlantic 's website . Khanifar unlocked their own cell phone back in 2004 and then tried to sell software to allow others to do the same on a website they created called Cell-Unlock.com . However , they were soon on the receiving end of a `` cease and desist '' letter from Motorola saying they were breaking the DMCA .
Without cell phone unlocking , many consumers will be forced into the position of needing to buy a new phone if they want to switch carriers . It can also lead to exorbitant charges for international roaming . Those charges are what Khanifar was trying to avoid when they first unlocked their own phone back in 2005 .
In an e-mail , Khanifar reflected to Ars on what has been accomplished and what still remains to be done :
As the White House said in the response , keeping unlocking legal is really `` common sense , '' and I 'm excited to see them recognizing this . This is a big victory for consumers , and I 'm glad to have played a part in it . A lot of people reacted skeptically when I originally started the petition , with lots of comments to the effect of `` petitions do n't do anything . '' The optimist in me is really glad to have proved them wrong . The White House just showed that they really do listen , and that they 're willing to take action . While I think this is wonderful , I think the real culprit here is Section 1201 of the DMCA , the controversial `` anti-circumvention provision . '' I discussed with the White House the potential of pushing to have that provision amended or removed , and they want to continue the discussion .
Public Knowledge , a group that has long been calling for legalizing cell phone unlocking , also heralded the White House statement . However , the group noted that additional reforms to copyright are needed . `` These problems will continue so long as the law is written in such a way that laws intended to protect artists can be abused to stifle competition , '' said Sherwin Siy of Public Knowledge .
A short introduction to the MVVM-C design pattern .
When thinking about design patterns and architectures in iOS development , MVC might be the first thing that comes to mind for most of you . But throughout the last years , MVC got a really bad reputation . Probably a lot of you heard about MVC as the massive view controller . Due to Cocoa Touch 's UIViewController it becomes really hard to separate concerns and implement a clean MVC-Architecture . Normally you want your controller separated from your view but as soon as you use a UIViewController these two get mixed up . Since this leads us to treating the UIViewController as just another view , it becomes crucial to define another layer to handle our business logic . This is where MVVM kicks in . If you are not familiar with this design pattern I recommend you to read the post by obic.io .
Now we separated our business logic from our presentation layer by moving it into the view model . However when we are aiming for reusable , flexible code , there is still the navigation problem left . As soon as you put navigation throughout your entire view or view models , you create a lot of coupling and therefore make it harder to reuse your code .
To tackle this problem we introduce coordinators to the MVVM-Architecture , leading us to MVVM-C .
The responsibility of the coordinator is to handle the navigation and the flow of the app .
For better understanding of the resulting design pattern we will take a look at the code of a little demo app .
Let 's assume we have a simple app , containing a LoginScreen , ListScreen with a UITableView and a DetailScreen . The flow for the coordinators could be formulated as :
Upon app start the AuthCoordinator is created as a child of the AppCordinator to show the LoginScreen to the user . After completing the login process the AuthCoordinator calls the AppCordinator , which then creates the ListCoordinator and navigates the user to our ListScreen . From there the ListCoordinator can navigate to the DetailScreen . Pretty simple , isn ` t it ?
The resulting benefits for using MVVM-C patterns are as followed :
Obvious functionality : The separation of responsibilities is clearer , i.e . the coordinator is the only component to touch when you want to change anything related to the flow of your application .
: The separation of responsibilities is clearer , i.e . the coordinator is the only component to touch when you want to change anything related to the flow of your application . Independently testable : Isolating view models for testing becomes easier , since all navigation calls go towards a single , replaceable coordinator .
: Isolating view models for testing becomes easier , since all navigation calls go towards a single , replaceable coordinator . Changeable navigation : Each coordinator is only responsible for one component and makes no assumptions about its parent . It can therefore be placed wherever we want to .
: Each coordinator is only responsible for one component and makes no assumptions about its parent . It can therefore be placed wherever we want to . Reusable code : We can not only change the navigation , but also reuse components . For example , the same detail coordinator could be invoked from multiple points in your application .
Let 's have a closer look for a better understanding of the actual implementation of the code .
protocol Coordinator : class { func start ( ) }
First we define a protocol for our coordinators . This basically just requires the start ( ) method . So what should be included in that method ?
func start ( ) { [ ... ] let viewModel = MVVMCListViewModel ( ) viewModel . model = MVVMCListModel ( ) viewModel . coorinatorDelegate = self listViewController . viewModel = viewModel window . rootViewController = listViewController }
As you can see , its main concerns are creating the model , the view model and the correspondening controller and showing it to the user . But additionally we also need to react to user interaction e.g . navigation from our list view controller to a detail view . This requires a delegation call back to our coordinator .
extension ListCoordinator : ListViewModelCoordinatorDelegate { func listViewModelDidSelectData ( viewModel : ListViewModel data : DataItem ) { detailCoordinator = DetailCoordinator ( window : window dataItem : data ) detailCoordinator ? . delegate = self detailCoordinator ? . start ( ) } }
By selecting an item in our list the view will automatically inform our view model about the action . The view model then calls the ListViewModelCoordinatorDelegate to create and display the details . The navigation backwards follows the same principles .
extension ListCoordinator : DetailCoordinatorDelegate { func detailCoordinatorDidFinish ( detailCoordinator : DetailCoordinator ) { self . detailCoordinator = nil window . rootViewController = listViewController } }
We call the corresponding delegate , which sets the DetailCoordinator to nil and displays our ListViewController again . That 's all you have to know to get started with the MVVM-C architecture .
As this blog post is inspired by the UIKonf talk `` MVVM-C In Practice '' by Steve Scott , I recommend checking out the video and the sample code as well . We also had a short talk about this topic at our latest CocoaHeads meetup .
The NFL wo n't survive its war against President Trump because football fans lean Republican , according to demographics .
Even before the president weighed in on the “ taking a knee ” controversy , the NFL was already hemorrhaging viewership after former quarterback Colin Kaepernick started protesting the national anthem in 2016 , months before Trump took office .
“ By and large , most NFL fans pull the lever for Republicans more often than they say they do —including most fans of ‘ Democratic ' teams [ in leftist cities ] , ” reported Bloomberg in 2014 . “ In fact , the fan bases of 23 teams show a propensity to vote more Republican than they claim , versus only six teams ' fans who vote more Democratic . ”
Furthermore , 77 % of NFL fans are white , and 58 % of white voters backed Trump in the election .
But here are some statistics that really doom the NFL : First , its largest age demographic is over 55 , and senior voters overwhelmingly supported Trump . Second , Americans making over $ 50K a year went to Trump , and that 's a money base the NFL is majorly dependent upon .
Additionally , the rise of the NFL in the 70s and 80s coincided with the rise of Schlafly-style conservatism .
“ Why does the NFL have such a tenacious hold on the national consciousness — particularly that of white males , the primary fans of professional sports ? It might be that the NFL , in both its high points and its low ones , encapsulates the prevailing white male conservative ethos of modern America better than any other league , ” reported Reuters in 2014 . “ The triumph of the NFL is a tribute to the triumph of American conservatism . ”
Is it any surprise then why the NFL is losing popularity ? It 's actually plausible for the NFL to devolve into a regional sport like baseball , which was once a national draw but is now only mainly watched by devoted , urban fans of storied teams like the New York Yankees .
A Baidu user has posted an image of an unreleased Modulus Nerf blaster known as the Mediator . After analysing this image , here is all the information we know about this Modulus blaster .
Uses a six-dart magazine – that is inserted on the side of the blaster
Includes six modulus darts
Includes slam fire blasting
Primed by a pump-action grip
Appears to be one of three Modulus Mediator blasters ( as you can see from the cropped image below )
I also found this other interesting close up shot of the Mediator XL , – I 'm assuming this is an image from the the back of the Mediator box – showing the Mediator in its complete form . As we can see , the front attachment , appears to be a three-dart shotgun . I 'm guessing those darts would be launched like the Demolisher 's front rocket launcher . The back part of the Mediator XL appears to be just a regular stock , but I 'm going to assume it will include some other feature , such as dart storage or act as a secret mini blaster .
This is all the information I can gather from these two photos . Let me know if you have any other ideas on this Modulus Meidator blaster .
So , what do you guys think ? To be honest , I 'd prefer buying the blaster in its complete form , rather than buying another two attachment kits . But I do like seeing another pump-action , slam fire blaster .
We 'll keep you updated on any more information of the Modulus Mediator !
The New Development Bank ( NDB ) , set up by five BRICS nations including India , will lend in local currency by April 2016 and member countries will be the focus of credit facility , its chief KV Kamath said on Friday .
Kamath said a decision to open membership for other countries will be taken in the next few months by the bank 's board of governors .
`` I think we will start lending process sometimes early first quarter next year ( April ) ... The idea is that by April next year , we will create a state of projects from all the member countries ( for lending ) , '' Kamath said .
They said the NDB , with a capital of $ 100 billion , will look at various instruments of credit to the member countries -- Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa - which require huge resources for development .
`` Basically , credit is what we are looking at . Various instruments of credit that we are looking at , '' said Kamath , who in Ufa to attend the BRICS summit in which Prime Minister Narendra Modi and leaders from other member countries participated .
`` Idea is that we will lend for developmental assistance in member countries , '' said the former independent director of Infosys and former chairperson of ICICI Bank , who has been made the NDB president for five years .
BRICS countries had decided last year to establish the bank , with India getting the right to nominate the first President .
Asked whether the NDB would consider lending to non-member countries , Kamath said : `` We will primarily lend to member countries . In due course , we will look at opening membership , in the next few months . ''
Specifically asked whether NDB could consider helping Greece which is in financial crisis , Kamath said : `` I have no mandate to help any non-member ... Beyond BRICS , I have no mandate . ''
At the same time , they said , `` We will talk to the board of governors to expand in due course . '' The Board meeting is likely to take place later this month in Shanghai , the headquarters of NDB .
Kamath was asked to comment on a view that the BRICS bank has been set up to undermine the Dollar as it will lend in local currencies .
`` I will put it like this . In developing countries , particularly BRICS , there are pools of capital which can be tapped and lent . Local currency financing is what we will look at in addition to hard currency finance . We will look at all pools of capital in addition to hard currency , '' they said .
They went on to add that local currency credit will protect the BRICS countries from currency fluctuations and volatility and `` it is critical that we do it '' .
First Published : Jul 10 , 2015 13:32 IST
Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) sent a letter to FBI Director Christopher Wray on Wednesday asking if the bureau ever warned the Trump campaign about ties between Russian officials and aides to the campaign .
In the letter , which Grassley released on Thursday , they noted that the Russia probe began in July 2016 and that recent reports show that former Trump campaign aide Paul Manafort was under investigation by federal investigators before the election .
“ This raises the question of whether the FBI ever alerted Mr. Trump to the FBI 's counter-intelligence concerns regarding their campaign manager and others associated with the campaign — so that they could take defensive action to prevent the campaign from being infiltrated , ” Grassley wrote in the letter .
The senator cited a June piece from Circa reporting that federal authorities warned Sen. John McCain 's ( R-AZ ) 2008 presidential campaign about ties between Paul Manafort and Russia . McCain 's campaign manager , Rick Davis , was Manafort 's business partner , and McCain met with Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska during the campaign . Manafort reportedly offered Deripaska private briefings on Trump 's campaign in 2016 .
However , McCain 's office said that they do not recall any such warnings from federal officials .
“ Neither Senator McCain nor anyone on their staff recalls receiving such warnings from the intelligence community . Senator McCain had two interactions with Mr. Deripaska in 2006 , and both were social occasions and entirely incidental , ” McCain spokesperson Julie Tarallo told CNN .
Tarallo said that any attempts to link McCain to Russian officials serve as a distraction from special counsel Robert Mueller 's probe .
“ Facts are stubborn things , and the fact is no member of Congress has done more to push back on Russian aggression , human rights abuses , and corruption than Senator John McCain , ” they said in the statement . “ Any suggestion to the contrary is clearly intended to distract from the serious ongoing investigations into Russia 's interference in our election system . ”
Grassley told the FBI that , given reports that the McCain campaign received a briefing on Manafort , they would like to know whether the Trump campaign received a similar warning about Manafort or other aides .
“ If the FBI did provide a defensive briefing or similar warning to the campaign , then that would raise important questions about how the Trump campaign responded , ” the senator wrote . “ On the other hand , if the FBI did not alert the campaign , then that would raise serious questions about what factors contributed to its decision and why it appears to have been handled differently in a very similar circumstance involving a previous campaign . ”
Grassley asked Wray to respond by Oct. 4 .
Trump triumph Businessman finishes amazing climb to become GOP nominee
Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Ala. speaks during the second day session of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Tuesday , July 19 , 2016 . ( AP Photo/John Locher )
( Associated Press )
Senator Jeff Sessions ' old remarks about disabled students are raising concerns from disability advocates who fear they will not enforce federal special education law if they become the next U.S. Attorney General .
Sessions said the federal special education law was too lenient and allowed `` special treatment for certain children , '' which was resulting in the acceleration of `` the decline in civility and discipline in classrooms all over America . ''
Sessions , citing complaints from education officials , urged lawmakers in 2000 to change the law `` to say that a child is not allowed to commit crimes , to disrupt classroom , to curse teachers , principals and students , and abuse them and do so with impunity . ''
Those remarks were made on the Senate floor while Congress was considering reauthorizing the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act 16 years ago .
Disability advocates interpret Sessions ' remarks as a desire to re-segregate children with disabilities into separate classrooms , a throwback to a time before disabled students were educated in a regular classroom alongside non-disabled peers .
James Gallini , an attorney specializing in special education law , said Sessions ' remarks , which were compiled from complaints from teachers and administrators about students exhibiting emotional and behavioral disorders were `` one-sided , '' and did n't consider a school 's responsibility for providing services required under federal law .
`` Much has changed since Senator Sessions made those remarks , '' attorney Nancy Anderson of the Alabama Disabilities and Advocacy Program said . `` Given what we know now about brain science and best practices there are resources out there to support teachers and help students learn better behaviors . And providing appropriate services is required under federal law , '' they added .
The real question , Anderson said , is `` do we have the will to provide the expertise and the resources to provide what these children need ? ''
Gallini said schools still show a preference for removing children with emotional and behavioral disabilities from the classroom rather than provide services such as Positive Behavioral Intervention and Supports to help students succeed in school .
In a statement , the Alabama State Department of Education said there are circumstances where schools can remove students who are a danger to others from the classroom , but schools must continue providing special education services to those students .
In severe cases , after all options are exhausted , students can be placed in residential treatment centers away from their neighborhood schools , according to the statement .
The state department does provide some resources for schools , including annual training and access to certified behavior analysts .
It 's still up to school officials to put those supports in place every day for students , Gallini said .
If schools do n't provide appropriate special education services to students with behavioral disorders , those students will likely fall through the cracks , Anderson asked . `` How is it good for society for schools to do nothing to help them ? ''
Senator Sessions refused a request for comment on their remarks .
This sig generator was originally designed for Long Forgotten Soldiers outfit on Miller . But due to requests ; I am now making it available to everyone who has a character in Planetside 2 . The mentality behind the stats displayed is to promote teamwork , rather than stats more appropiate of a `` one man show '' as usual signatures have .
The Signature will update on first load after 60 minutes has past since last successful update . You may force an update by using this page to re-generate it .
1 . Enter your character name .
2 . Select Your platform/region .
3 . Select the desired theme .
4 . Press the `` Create my signature ! '' at the bottom of the page .
Not case sensitive , but must match ingame character name excactly otherwise .
The style demonstration signatures are static images .
Daum Games has announced that the first Beta test for its highly anticipated MMORPG Black Desert Online will begin Wednesday , December 16 at 7:00 a.m. UTC and end Tuesday , December 22 at the same time .
As was the case in the alpha , players entering the first Beta test will be able to pick from the Warrior , Sorceress , Berserker , Ranger , and Wizard classes . Today , Daum is very excited to announce that the very popular Tamer class will not only be added to the list of selectable characters at launch , but will also be available in the upcoming Beta !
With the support of Heilang , the divine beast , the Tamer can perform ruthless combination attacks or take enemies down on their own , by borrowing divine forces . Though innocent at heart , the Tamer is able to channel their passion into a powerful fury that will sweep past any obstacle .
To keep up with its peers , the Tamer has also received a class showcase video .
In addition to introducing the Tamer , Daum Games is happy to share that the Calpheon region , including its major city with the same name , will also make its debut in the Beta . This largely rural area is one of Black Desert Online 's most expansive , promising magnificent landscapes .
For Black Desert Online 's first Beta , several improvements have been made based on community feedback from the alpha stage . Players accessing the game in a few weeks will be able to observe the following changes and features :
Improved character customization , including 30 new skin tones , 40 new hair colors , new beards , and a bald option for male characters
Improved balance of character classes
Improved weather cycles , including darker and occasionally stormy nights and lanterns that can be purchased from NPCs to help players in the dark
Newly enabled features such as the much requested walking mode and more
Adjustment of HP Potions to improve the PvP challenges
Fully localized English text
Level cap set to 50.99 % with PVP unlocked at level 30
Pre-orders for Black Desert Online are now open and can be placed on the official website .
BRUSSELS — Worries about Greece 's electoral turmoil and Spain 's spiraling borrowing costs are piling the pressure on European Union leaders meeting in Brussels on Wednesday amid renewed market pressure to keep the region 's debt problems from getting worse .
Spain 's prime minister warned that their country ca n't continue much longer with its current high borrowing rates and urged a joint European response to help .
Mariano Rajoy and newly elected French President Francois Hollande , heading later in the evening to meet other European Union leaders in Brussels , also stressed their commitment to keeping Greece in the euro despite its political uncertainty .
“ Europe has to come up with an answer . It is a must , because we can not go on like this for a long time , with large differences when it comes to financing ourselves . And it is because of these differences that the policies that we Europeans believe in , such as controlling government spending and reforms to encourage growth , ultimately have no effect , ” Rajoy said in Paris alongside Hollande .
“ So I am going to talk about liquidity , financing and debt sustainability . For me it is the most important thing today . There are a lot of important things but this is the most urgent one , ” they said .
Expectations were low , however , that the leaders gathering in Brussels will agree to any concrete measures to boost growth and stability in the 17-country eurozone . Europe 's main stock indexes plunged more than 2 percent Wednesday , with Spain 's Ibex down 3.3 percent . The euro fell 0.5 percent to $ 1.2588 , its lowest since August 2010 .
Spain 's borrowing rates are high — and rising — because of fears that its government finances might be overwhelmed by the costs of rescuing its ailing banking sector . High borrowing rates are at the heart of Europe 's crisis and have already caused Greece , Ireland and Portugal to need bailouts .
Rajoy suggested the European Central Bank resume some of its emergency measures , such as buying the bonds of weak countries , which has the impact of lowering countries ' borrowing rates .
The ECB has suspended the purchases because , as an independent body , it does not want to be seen supporting governments directly . Instead , it has given European banks massive amounts of cheap loans to bolster confidence in the financial system .
Hollande said the ECB 's role would be discussed by European leaders , and said they will formally propose so-called eurobonds — debt issued jointly by eurozone countries — at Wednesday 's summit .
Such bonds would aim to bring down borrowing rates for financially weak states by distributing the risk of their debt across the whole region . Germany is opposed to such a move because it would raise its own borrowing rates and reduce the pressure on heavily indebted governments to heal their finances . Rajoy said they do n't think the 27 EU leaders will resolve the eurobond dispute Wednesday .
Pressure is rising on European leaders to agree to new growth measures to complement the budget cuts . Both the International Monetary Fund and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development have said the pace of austerity measures should be slowed in some countries to lower the risk of a severe recession .
The OECD , which monitors economic trends in developed economies , openly called for the use of eurobonds and more emergency measures from the European Central Bank to keep the slowdown from dragging down the global economy .
German government lawmakers lined up to denounce eurobonds in a parliamentary debate in Berlin shortly before the summit started .
“ If something is wrong , it 's wrong , and then you have to say it — and not say that when a lot of people want the wrong thing that suddenly makes it right , ” said Michael Meister , a senior lawmaker with Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservative Christian Democrats .
Another Christian Democrat , Frank Steffel , pointed to the prospect of higher borrowing costs for Germany . “ Where does the conceivable benefit of these eurobonds lie ? One thing is clear — the benefit definitely does not lie with the German taxpayer , ” they said .
Hollande insisted they would stick by their push for a Europe-wide growth pact by the end of June . They won election earlier this month in part on their attacks on austerity measures championed by their conservative predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy and Germany 's Merkel . Their political plans remain uncertain , however , depending on whether their fellow Socialists take control of parliament in legislative elections next month .
Alongside economic growth , Greece 's electoral turmoil and dismal finances will be high on leaders ' minds in Brussels . Hollande said they would “ do everything to convince the Greeks to stay in the euro . ”
Rajoy agreed there was no doubt the country should remain in the currency union : “ What I want is that Greece stays in the eurozone , that 's what 's best for Greece and best for Europe . ”
Greece 's Evangelos Venizelos , leader of the center-left PASOK party , acknowledged in Brussels that “ the situation is very fragile. ” They said they hoped cooperation of fellow European leftists such as Hollande “ will give the possibility to organize , to send a concession framework in the common interests of Greece and of the eurozone , a concession framework for stability , for growth and for social cohesion . ”
Borrowing costs are up for the most indebted governments . There is an increasing number of reports of worried savers and investors pulling funds out of banks that are seen as weak . Meanwhile , unemployment is soaring as recession grips nearly half the eurozone countries .
• Thomas Adamson and Sylvie Corbet in Paris , Geir Moulson in Berlin and Daniel Woolls in Madrid contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC .
Sacramento Music Festival kicks off Friday Thousands of people are expected to pack Old Sacramento for the Sacramento Music Festival . Share Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT THE SESAME STREET TOUR STOPS FOR A 6:30 P.M. SHOW . THE SOUND OF MUSIC IS ABOUT TO FILL SACRAMENTO . THEY ARE ABOUT TO PAY -- PLAY A DIFFERENT TUNE . WE HAVE MORE ON THIS EVOLVING SACRAMENTO MUSIC FESTIVAL . I THINK PEOPLE WILL LIKE THIS . TICKET PRICES ARE LOWER AND THEY 'LL HAVE MORE BANDS THAN EVER BEFORE . THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE ARE EXPECTED TO COME OUT FOR THE SACRAMENTO MUSIC FESTIVAL . IT IS A HUGE PARTY WITH A WHOLE LOT OF DANCING . THE EVENT RUNS FRIDAY THROUGH MONDAY . IT WAS KNOWN AS THE JAZZ JUBILEE . TICKETS ARE $ 39 . THERE WILL BE MORE THAN 100 LIVE BANDS PLAYING MORE BLUES , ROCK , COUNTRY , AND EVEN SOME LATIN MUSIC . THIS YEAR 'S EVENT HEADLINER IS COLLECTIVE SOUL . IT BROUGHT A DIFFERENT DYNAMIC TO OLD SACRAMENTO . THE MUSIC WAS DIVERSIFIED , THE CROWD WAS DIVERSIFIED . WE SEE MORE BUSINESS . WE ARE EXCITED TO HAVE IT IN OLD SACRAMENTO . IT IS A LANDMARK . THE MUSIC FESTIVAL CELEBRATES MORE THAN 40 YEARS OF BRINGING BANDS TOGETHER . ORGANIZERS ARE EXPECTING TO HAVE 100,000 PEOPLE ATTEND . BUSINESSES SAY IT IS THEIR BIGGEST MONEYMAKER OF THE YEAR . THEY 'RE HOPING TO GENERATE ABOUT A MILLION BUCKS .
Experience
Seated , harnessed with a health monitoring system , and strapped to the seat of a single-seat coaster vehicle , you are slowly towed to the top of the drop-tower . It takes a while , as the ride is about half a kilometre long ! Hence , you have a few minutes to contemplate your decision and your life in retrospect . You even find enough time to adapt to the height and get through a series of imaginary fatal falls , while realising that the objects on the ground are getting smaller . Slow lift is an important illusion that intensifies the perception of height . The slightest movement of the car triggers drumming heartbeats and tests your decision… The top ! If this test has not changed your mind yet , then at this point you have no choice but to submit yourself to the very last fall . Yet you still have a few minutes for the last words and goodbyes , or just enjoying the exhilarating bird's-eye view of the surroundings . You relax and press the FALL button . Whirrr… swish – the ultimate surrender to gravity ! No , you realize , in fact it is even greater than just giving up , as in the blink of an eye you enter the heart-line , the whirling element of the coaster track , where your heart stays roughly in line with the centre of the fall trajectory . In other words , your body spins around the heart while you fall . Gravitational choreography ! The scooting gust of wind , goose bumps , suspension of breath , and vertigo — a set of experiences comprising a sort of fairground anaesthesia — prepare you for the fatal part of the ride .
Now you are already falling at a speed close to the terminal velocity , when the force of air drag becomes equal to the force of gravity , thus cancelling the acceleration . You feel your body as if supported by an air pillow . Just after this point , the track smoothly straightens forward , entering the first loop of the coaster , a continuously upward-sloping section of the track that eventually results in a complete 360-degree circle , completely inverting the riders at the topmost part . The centrifugal force drives the car upward , and you are literally pinned to the seat , your buttocks ' flesh is pressed against the ergonomic planes of the seat so hard that your whole body is almost immobilised . The tissues of your face start drooping down — it looks like ageing remarkably . Breathing requires more effort , as the ribs and the rest of the internal organs are pulled down , which empties air from the lungs . But most probably you are already unconscious , as this force rushes the blood to the lower extremities of the body , thereby causing oxygen deficiency in the brain . It is exactly this cerebral suffocation , also known as cerebral hypoxia , that is going to kill you . If you are still conscious , you are more resistant to the high g-forces than the majority of people , but do n't worry : the loop is engineered in such a way that the force will remain constant despite the changes in speed , thus ensuring that the painful level of acceleration is not reached . And be assured , the second loop will definitely do its job . In the meantime , if you are lucky , or , rather , g-force-resistant enough to be awake , your vision may blur , lose colour ( greyout ) and peripheral sight ( tunnel vision ) , or even disappear completely ( blackout ) , together with hearing . Eventually , this experience — accompanied with disorientation , anxiety , confusion , and , most importantly , euphoria — is crowned with G-LOC ( g-force induced loss of consciousness ) , during which the body is completely limp , and vivid bizarre dreams occur , such as being in a maze and unable to get out , or floating in a white space , not knowing who you are , why you are here , etc . Of course , you can tell the story only if you survive , which is virtually impossible . But you might ignore this and suppose you have survived . You would soon recover from G-LOC , remaining unconscious , and your body would flail around in a chaotic fit that is called ‘ funky chicken ' in aeromedical slang , as the neurons in the brain – replenished with extra oxygenated blood pumped harder from the heart – begin firing once again . This causes arms and legs to twitch uncontrollably . Finally , coming around , although still confused and disoriented , unable to remember anything , you would regain your memories in a few hours , and they would be one of the most memorable , with a peculiar souvenir on your legs : little red pinpoints all over the skin as a result of blood leaks through the blood vessels , a sort of gravitational measles .
The rest of the ride , six or five loops , proceeds with your body being numb , ensuring that the trip ends your life . You die , or , more accurately put , your brain dies of complete oxygen deprivation , a legal indicator of death in many jurisdictions . The biomonitoring suit double-checks if there is a need for the second round , which is extremely unlikely , as the result is guaranteed by seven-fold repetition .
Two Italian nationals and three police personnel reportedly died after gunmen opened fire in a popular cafe in Gulshan neighbourhood of Dhaka , the capital city of Bangladesh , on Friday .
The gunmen have been identified as ISIS assailants , after the militant group took responsibility .
20 foreign nationals present at the Holey Artisan Bakery have been taken hostage by suspected militants . Meanwhile , Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) in a statement said that all diplomats are safe .
Locals said that they heard gunfire from the restaurant at around 8.45 pm . A gunfight between police forces and suspected militants is on . Police forces have ordered a shoot on sight following the incident .
Sources said nearly 10 armed unidentified persons barged into the restaurant . Eyewitness claimed that the militants opened fire indiscriminately .
POLICE , ASSAILANTS INJURED IN GUNBATTLE
Locals said that the police rushed to the spot hearing the blaring noise of the gun fires . Police have so far taken out about four injured assailants from the restaurant . Several police personnel have been reported to be injured in the incident .
10 police officers wounded.1 officer commanding named Salahuddin died . Eyewitness said , terrorists wearing western dresses . Live telecast stopped taslima nasreen ( @ taslimanasreen ) July 1 , 2016
The injured have been rushed to the nearest hospital . Mostly police officers among 26 people have been admitted in Dhaka 's United hospital . Sources said that a large number of foreign nationals were present at the restaurant .
Police forces have cordoned off the area . The cafe is noted for being a popular spot among expatriates , diplomats and middle-class families in the neighbourhood .
The incident drew sharp reactions from controversial Bangladesh author Taslima Nasreen who took to Twitter to express their views .
Islamic terrorists started shooting inside the Dhaka restaurant by saying Nara-e-Takbir Allahu Akbar .
taslima nasreen ( @ taslimanasreen ) July 1 , 2012
They added , `` Attackers were wearing western attire . ''
According to reports , ISIS claims to have killed 20 people of different nationalities in the shootout .
DHAKA ON ALERT
All residents have been asked to stay indoors . Moreover , Rapid Action Battalion along with the Army and Navy have cordoned off the restaurant
Live broadcast of the gunfight has been stopped by all channels on orders by the police .
Story highlights `` It really diminishes democracy if you 're gon na show up to a meeting to just scream and yell , '' Rep. Peter King said .
`` In my case , I am not having these town hall meetings because to me all they do is just turn into a screaming session , '' they added .
( CNN ) Rep. Peter King said Thursday that they wo n't do town hall meetings because they believe they would just devolve into a `` screaming session , '' adding that angry town halls `` trivialize '' and `` diminish '' democracy .
The New York Republican noted their many appearances on national television and meetings with supporters and opponents of Obamacare in their office .
`` As best I can tell , there are people who are angry , we saw that on election night -- the Hillary people basically went into depression when Donald Trump won , '' King said on AM970 The Answer . `` The anguish on the campuses . There are people who are just angry , they 're angry that Trump won , that Hillary lost . There are others who are being , I guess , egged on , if you will . So I 'm assuming that they 're all legitimate , but to me it just does not serve a purpose . It really diminishes democracy if you 're gon na show up to a meeting to just scream and yell .
`` In my case , I am not having these town hall meetings because to me all they do is just turn into a screaming session , '' they said . `` What I am doing , I have done every national TV show . ''
King said while they were `` meeting with people in the office '' who support and want to repeal Obamacare along with advocacy groups , doctors and hospitals , it would n't make sense to try to explain that to a room of people .
Read More
The event was spruiked as an opportunity to make new friends , but it left the 20-year-old with permanent scars . Now Emma has joined a growing chorus of female students calling for improved safety , support and initiatives on campus to prevent `` rape culture '' . They reported the attack to the university 's Safer Community Unit , which employed four former Victorian Police officers . They encouraged them to go to the police , but they were reluctant . They do n't want to go through the ordeal of a trial . `` The university say they ca n't help me until police are involved and they are not really willing to provide me with an alternative to feel safe on campus '' , they said . A student who found Emma in a bed with a male student said they felt uncomfortable about the situation . They were worried that Emma , who had been drinking , was unable to give consent .
A group of students hauled the man off Emma . Universities have been accused of worrying more about their reputation than confronting sexual abuse and harassment allegations . Earlier this week , it was revealed that students ' sexual encounters were broadcast over a PA system at one University of Sydney college while residents at a neighbouring college published a journal that `` slut-shamed '' female students . Emma is still dealing with the trauma of their assault , and receives regular counselling . They have bumped into their alleged perpetrator at the university 's Clayton campus , and is scared it will happen again .
Emma welcomes initiatives such as the university 's screening of The Hunting Ground – a documentary about sexual assaults at US colleges – but said students need to be taught about consent . `` Students are just above the legal age when they start ... they are left to do whatever they want , '' they said . `` There needs to be more focus on preventing rape culture . '' It is not known how prevalent sexual harassment and assaults are at Australian universities . But a recent National Union of Students report found that 53 per cent of abuse victims were targeted on campus , at a university event or college . Only 6 per cent of victims reported the incidents to the university and 5 per cent to police . It is not an issue confined to Monash University - the NUS report includes details of a University of Melbourne student who said they were assaulted on a sports camp and a 22-year-old Deakin student said they were assaulted in their lecturer 's car .
Late last year , the Centre Against Sexual Assault received three anonymous reports of an inner-city university student spiking the drinks of their classmates and then raping them at their house . One student , who did not want to be named , told Fairfax Media they were raped in 2011 by a popular , politically active student at their university . After hours of trying to fend off the rapist 's sexual passes , they left the club and got into a taxi to go home . The rapist jumped in the front , and instructed the driver to go to their parents ' address , where they raped them `` I said I wanted to go to my place , but was too scared and drunk , I did n't know what to do . The rest is history , '' they said . It 's said that this man has assaulted other women on campus , but the victim does n't believe they have been reported to police or the university .
`` I did n't want to speak out in fear I would be attacked , I feared their friends would attack me online . I did n't want to open myself up to that . '' NUS women 's officer Heidi Le Paglia said universities should encourage students to disclose abuse and clearly spell out the repercussions for sexual predators . Many vice-chancellors still deny there is a problem , they said . They said that after reporting abuse , students had to wait for up to six months to see university counsellors because services were stretched . `` When other things occur which are against student codes of conduct such as plagiarising … the university does have responsive reporting processes , which include punishment … there should n't be any reason why they ca n't do this for sexual assault , '' they said .
Earlier this year , Universities Australia launched a sector-wide campaign to prevent sexual harassment and assaults . It is spending almost $ 1 million on a national survey , which will be conducted by the Australian Human Rights Commission and provide data on the prevalence of sexual assaults and harassments . A Monash University spokesperson said that since 2014 the university had received four reports of on-campus sexual assault and 20 off-campus assaults . When victims do n't want to report to police , they said the university could take steps to quarantine the victim from the alleged perpetrator and monitor the perpetrator 's movements `` Victims of sexual assault or harassment are encouraged and supported to report to the police , but if they choose not to do so that choice is respected . Meanwhile , Monash continues to seek ways to provide them with personal support , and to limit potential for contact with the alleged perpetrator . '' If you need to talk to someone about sexual assault or sexual harassment , call 1800RESPECT .
This article was written on an older version of FileFront / GameFront
Formatting may be lacking as a result . If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on June 21 , 2014 , GameFront Staff 1001 Spikes : Unlockable Modes , Stages & Characters Guide
There 's a lot hidden away in 1001 Spikes , so we 've compiled a simple list of unlocks for this brand new multi-platform indie gem .
It wo n't be easy earning everything either , just finishing the game is brutally difficult . But do n't worry , even if you unlock the store , there 's no need to buy lives — the game will reward you with more , even if you use up all 1001 ! With that in mind , keep scrolling and inch closer to 100 % completion .
Dig up even more guides on GameFront with our 1001 Spikes cheats page .
Unlockable Modes , Stages & Characters
Work-In-Progress : There are more unlockables out there . Watch here as we bring you the latest updates .
Antarctica Temple : Complete all stages of the Akumpa Ruins .
True Ending : Use the Key of Serpentis on Stage 10-7 and defeat the boss . Find the key with our 1001 Spikes : Serpentis Key Guide .
Antarctica Temple [ All Characters ] : Unlock the True Ending to unlock . Check out that entry for more details .
Tina Hawkins Character : Complete the Ukampa Ruins .
Jim Hawkins Character : Unlock the True Ending to unlock . Check out that entry for more details .
Change Character Color : Unlocked for collecting 4 skulls .
Tower off Nanar ( Cooperative Mode ) : Unlocked for collecting 6 skulls .
Commander Video Character : Unlocked for collecting 8 skulls .
Lost Levels Mode : Unlocked for collecting 10 skulls .
Counseil 's Duty Free Shop : Unlocked for collecting 12 skulls .
Sugimoto Character : Unlocked for collecting 16 skulls .
Juni Character : Unlocked for collecting 18 skulls .
President Thompson Character : Unlocked for collecting 20 skulls .
Zombie Character : Unlocked for collecting 23 skulls .
El Testigo Character : Unlocked for collecting 26 skulls .
Curly Brace Character : Unlocked for collecting 30 skulls .
More indie 2D platformer achievement guides , Easter eggs , and unlockables .
1001 Spikes : All Skulls – Collectibles Locations Guide
Spelunky : How to Unlock Every Secret Character
Super Time Force : Super Hardcore Mode Unlockable Guide
Super Time Force : Looker Challenges Guide
Super Time Force : Shards Collectible Locations Guide
Super Time Force : How to Unlock Every Character [ Guide ]
Source : [ 1 ] , [ 2 ]
By now , it 's safe to say that some of you might be harboring certain , shall we say , thoughts about the holiday season , and especially Christmas . Irritated thoughts . Cynical thoughts . Angry thoughts . Even—dare I say it—horrified thoughts .
If so , you might be in the mood for Chris Priestley 's Christmas Tales of Terror , where all kinds of terrible , nasty , awful things happen to adorable and not so adorable children on Christmas .
Also , ghosts .
Set in some vague Victorian/Edwardian period ( one aunt fondly reminisces about life in the Crimean War , but that 's about it for specific dates ) , complete with servants and governesses and kindly vicars and the occasional chamber pot , these tales provide a nice cozy feeling of Christmas terror . Yes , I said cozy . Sure , people get frozen to death , or mutilated by evil snowmen , or turned insane overnight by things that sound like they could be Father Christmas but really , really are n't , or get surrounded by walking dead things , but still , somehow a nice cozy warm feeling pervades almost every tale , except the one about the carol singers , until the nasty twist ending .
Part of this , I think , stems from the protagonists : all children , all , for the most part , very relatable . They have Ideas about Christmas and other things , you see , ideas not often shared by the adults they are sharing Christmas with . Georgia , for instance , is perfectly convinced that yes , they are old enough to go to the Christmas Eve party that their parents are attending without her , and not at all pleased to be heading to Midnight Mass with their governess instead . I 'm on their side . Aubrey can think of much better ways to spend Christmas than visiting poor parishioners , which is just awful , and they really thinks it 's a bit much for their father , a kindly Vicar , to be spending ten shillings on the poor and not on him . I 'm a little less on their side , but still , I can see their point . Naturally they both suffer terrible and horrific fates , because Christmas .
Though if you 're worried that these stories are going to be a bit too noble and moralistic , based on that—no worries ; some of the perfectly good and mostly innocent people suffer horrible fates too . Including that kindly Vicar . These are , after all , ghost stories . ( Though , now that I think of it , the Vicar did tell a little white lie , and did n't listen to warnings , so… maybe not as innocent as I was first thinking . ) That said , although I was creeped out by the ending of Aubrey 's chilly tale ( I live in the warmth of Florida for reasons ) , I have to say that the stories of certain people getting their just desserts might be just a touch more satisfying , if less horrific , particularly the story of a certain bully and a certain very very evil snowman .
The best story , however , is probably the story of some rather slightly choir boys who just happen to stand on top of a plague victim gravesite and sing . The lesson from the story : never do this . The other lesson : “ In the Bleak Midwinter ” is an even more horrifying Christmas carol than you thought it was when sung in the wrong context , which this definitely is .
A few of the stories also have a touch of social criticism . I 've already mentioned the Vicar , but a significant part of what is going wrong in the first story is an argument regarding land use , and a dispute between the villagers and some of the new residents—and between supposedly educated and less educated and genuinely educated people . There 's an acknowledgement , too , of Victorian England 's labor issues in what certainly starts off as a nice cheery Father Christmas story , but explaining that would ruin the twist .
Granted , none of the stories will particularly surprise horror devotees , since with a couple of arguable exceptions , most are retellings of standard campfire ghost stories . And some readers might regret that only two of the stories feature girls , while the other four feature boys . But the cozy Victorian settings , the realistic child protagonists , and the creepy endings make this short collection something horror fans and Grinches alike can enjoy , though small children might get very upset . Older kids will be fine . Just do n't have “ In the Bleak Midwinter ” playing while you read it .
Mari Ness hopes everyone reading this has a wonderful holiday season with plenty of cookies and no rampaging evil snowmen .
This is a sampling from Bay Area News Group 's Political Blotter blog . Read more and post comments at www.ibabuzz.com/politics .
Feb. 12
An effort to recall several California Democratic lawmakers from office because of their votes on gun-control bills last year seems to be on the back burner now .
“ They 're not off the table , they 're still being considered , but there 's just a lot going on , ” said Jennifer Kerns , who founded the nonprofit Free California last October . “ No decisions have been made as to whether to move forward . … We 're still in sort of wait-and-see mode . ”
Kerns , a political consultant now managing Republican Assemblyman Tim Donnelly 's gubernatorial campaign , was involved in last year 's successful recall of two Colorado lawmakers over that state 's gun-control legislation .
But California and Colorado are very different , noted Sam Paredes , executive director of Gun Owners of California , whose group was supporting the Free California effort .
The Legislature 's Democratic supermajority could too easily consolidate any recall elections with this year 's regular elections , thus negating recall supporters ' advantage of lesser total voter turnout , Paredes said . Also , California requires that recall petition signature gatherers be registered to vote within that specific district , making use of paid circulators much harder .
“ We 're looking at the realities of politics in California , the realities of the electoral process , ” Paredes said . “ So we 're in a contemplative status . ”
Free California in October had named as potential targets state Sens . Norma Torres , D-Chino , and Ben Hueso , D-Chula Vista ; Assemblywomen Lorena Gonzalez , D-San Diego , and Sharon Quirk-Silva , D-Fullerton ; and Assembly Speaker John Perez , D-Los Angeles .
Kerns noted Wednesday that two of those districts — Hueso 's and Gonzalez — would 've competed for attention with the San Diego mayoral election that just concluded this week ; now that the mayoral contest is done , Free California might take a fresh look at unseating the lawmakers .
Free California 's Facebook page has n't been updated since October . As a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) social welfare organization , it 's not required to disclose its contributors .
Though both Kerns and Paredes said the recall idea is n't completely off the table , it 's hard to see how they can maintain momentum as more time passes since last year 's gun-control votes ; petitions began circulating for the Colorado recalls less than a week after that state 's new bills were signed into law . And as this year 's gubernatorial and legislative races demand more attention , time and money , there 'll be less and less left for an effort like this .
Feb. 14
Alameda Councilman Tony Daysog says he 's considering a run for the 11th Congressional District seat from which Rep. George Miller will retire at this year 's end .
And here I thought state Sen. Mark DeSaulnier — already endorsed by Miller and about a half-dozen other Democrats who might 've sought the seat — was being over-cautious by rolling out another endorsement almost every day . ( Well , maybe that 's still true . )
Daysog , 48 , of Alameda , said in an email Friday afternoon that they had just taken out papers to file for candidacy , and is exploring the possibility of a run .
“ In the days leading up to the March 7th filing deadline , I will talk with Contra Costa County residents of the 11th Congressional ( District ) to gauge responses to an out-of-district person such as myself running for this important office , ” they wrote .
Daysog , an urban planner , was an Alameda councilman from 1996 through 2006 ; placed last in a field of four in the June 2006 Democratic primary for what was then the 16th Assembly District seat ; ran unsuccessfully for the Alameda mayor 's office in 2010 ; and was re-elected to the city council in 2012 .
Daysog 's website says their priorities are securing individual freedoms by safeguarding individual rights from high-tech snooping ; protecting small investors , including owners of 401 ( k ) retirement accounts ; protecting abortion choice ; making college affordable without massive debt ; and supporting small business owners to create jobs while supporting workers to pursue life-long learning .
I 've mentioned before around here that there are various ways in which you can subsidise the poor . Those methods ranging from the sort of crazed lunacy that makes everyone worse off to entirely reasonable and sensible policies that raise the incomes of the poor and their living standards . It is , of course , necessary that you actually wish to increase those incomes and living standards of the poor : but once you 've made that decision there are good and bad ways of going about it . What 's interesting here is that India is , step by step , moving from one of the not very good ways of doing this to one of the better ways of achieving the same goal :
Buoyed by the success of its direct benefit transfer scheme for cooking gas , the government is poised to launch a similar scheme for kerosene with a view to checking diversion of poor man 's fuel for adulteration and leakage in subsidy , oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told TOI on Wednesday .
Yes , that 's a step in the right direction .
Enthused by the success of the direct transfer of LPG subsidy to beneficiary bank accounts that helped weed out around 4 crore bogus household gas connections , the government is now going to extend the model to disburse the subsidy on kerosene . “ We are in talks with state governments to launch the targeted subsidy mechanism for kerosene , ” petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan told FE in an interview .
Entirely a good idea .
Think about this conceptually for a moment . So , we think that the living standards of the poor are too low . We wish to raise said living standards . Obviously , in the long term economic development is the secret . But that does take rather a long time so perhaps some intermediate poverty alleviation should be considered ?
The way not to do it is as they have done in Venezuela . Decide that the correct price of toilet paper is lower than what is currently being charged for it , fix the price and marvel in wonder as toilet paper becomes unavailable for all . The lesson there being do n't mess with markets and their prices .
But we still want to improve those living standards . Our next option could be to give poor people the things that they need . After all , our definition of poverty is going to include things like not having enough food , not having enough fuel to cook it , perhaps not having access to education and so on . So , let 's provide those things directly . That 's roughly what India has been doing and boy oh boy is it a mosh pit of fraud , theft , inefficiency and generally high cost for low impact . This book lays out the effects .
The real problem , even in a perfectly honest and open society , is that to distribute goods to a select portion of the population you 've got to build a new distribution scheme . But we 've already got one : that market . So why build another ? Why go to all that expense ? Which leads us to our third option , which is simply to give the poor people some money so that they can purchase those goods on that already extant market . This is significantly more efficient and thus more poverty is alleviated for the same amount of money . And that 's the direction that India is moving in and it 's a welcome change . There are , of course , problems , such as the one that not every poor Indian ( or even most of them ) has a bank account so that too needs to be addressed as it is being so .
There 's a fourth level to this as well , something that the US should take note of . As that book again notes , poor people like to have agency just as much as richer people do . It 's therefore better to send simple cash to people rather than vouchers for this or that . In the US experience this would mean replacing Section 8 vouchers with cash grants , replacing SNAP ( food stamps ) with a cash handout and so on . As even the US Census has been known to note , the poor value $ 100 in cash more highly than they do $ 100 in food stamps . That 's why when stamps are traded for dollars the price is always less than 1:1 . Because the cash , with its fungibility , is more highly valued than the stamps with their restricted usage .
All of which leads to the general policy prescription around here . If you think people are too poor then give them some money . Poverty is a lack of money and the most efficient method of alleviating it is to make sure that poor people have more of it . Do n't fix prices as in Venezuela , as soon as you can get that poor population banked then do n't distribute goods in kind but as cash and for the US , do n't issue vouchers and stamps for certain classes of goods , just send money .
Speaking FRANK-ly About Jesus : Critique of alleged evidence of the historicity of Jesus of Nazareth .
( Ed . Note : This is the 23d post in Frank Zindler 's Speaking Frankly About Jesus blog which is dedicated to the thesis that Jesus of Nazareth never existed . This is part O of a mini series debunking “ The Myth of the Mythical Jesus “ . )
Lies : So short in stating , so long in negating !
After demonstrating that Philip Jenkins has built an aery argument out of their inadequacy in Greek and unfamiliarity with the Greek New Testament , in the previous posting I ended with a promise to address their claim that Josephus knew about a certain “ James , the brother of Jesus , ” and thus provided evidence apart from the Testimonium Flavianum supporting the historicity of some Jesus or other . The passage in Josephus that is in question is the by-now familiar paragraph from Book 20 of Jewish Antiquities :
“ As therefore Ananus was of such a disposition , they thought they had now a good opportunity , as Festus was now dead , and Albinus was still on the road ; so they assembled a council of judges , and brought before it the brother of Jesus the so-called Christ [ emphasis original ] , whose name was James , together with some others , and having accused them as lawbreakers , they delivered them over to be stoned . ”
Because many legitimate scholars as well as apologists consider this passage to be authentic , and because it is of immense importance that that view be shown beyond cavil to be wrong , I shall have to devote two installments of this blog to demonstrating the correctness of my claim . Even so , readers are advised to get a fuller and more detailed proof by reading my chapter “ James the Just , John the Baptist , and Other Perversions of Josephus ” in my 2003 book The Jesus the Jews Never Knew—the source of what I shall write in this and the following posting .
Before considering the details of the passage quoted above , it is useful to consider the fraudulent background of passages in manuscripts of Josephus mentioning a certain “ James the Just ” ( =James , the Brother of the Lord =James , the brother of Jesus ) . There is evidence that manuscripts of both of Josephus ' major works were tampered with not by Catholics alone , but also by Baptists ( members of a cult honoring a real or imaginary John the Baptist ) and by a religious faction I have dubbed “ Jacobites ” ( members of a cult honoring a certain James—Jacob in Hebrew— “ the Just ” ) .
We have certain proof that James was the motivation for very early tampering with the text of Josephus ( probably in certain manuscript lines of their Jewish War , but Antiquities may also have been altered ) . Both Origen [ c185–254 CE ] and Eusebius [ c260–c340 CE ] refer to a Josephan passage in which the destruction of Jerusalem is attributed to the judicial murder of James the Just , a.k.a . “ James , the brother of the Lord , ” a.k.a . “ James , the brother of Jesus. ” This reference is not to be found in any surviving Greek manuscripts of Josephus ' works , and it is obvious that although it had been interpolated into manuscripts ancestral to those owned by those fathers of the Church , it never found its way into the lines of transmission of any manuscripts that have come down to us .
The fact that James the Just is known to have been cause for interpolations into the text of Josephus forces us to be even more skeptical of a passage where they are linked to Jesus . We shall examine such a passage in more detail after seeing how Origen and Eusebius provide evidence of manuscripts containing such interpolations .
In Origen 's apology Contra Celsum ( “ Against Celsus ” ) , the forty-seventh chapter of Book 1 begins with an argument supporting the historicity of John the Baptist and Jesus ( their historical reality appears to have been more burning a question in ancient times than now ! ) and then proceeds to cite an unknown passage from Josephus :
“ I would like to say to Celsus , who represents the Jew as accepting somehow John as a Baptist who baptized Jesus , that the existence of John the Baptist , baptizing for the remission of sins , is related by one who lived no great length of time after John and Jesus . For in the 18th book of their Antiquities of the Jews , Josephus bears witness to John as having been a Baptist , and as promising purification to those who underwent the rite . Now this writer , although not believing in Jesus as the Christ , [ this phrase alone is sufficient to prove the Testimonium Flavianum is a fraud ! ] in seeking after the cause of the fall of Jerusalem and the destruction of the temple , whereas they ought to have said that the conspiracy against Jesus was the cause of these calamities befalling the people , since they put to death Christ , who was a prophet , says nevertheless—being , although against their will , not far from the truth—that these disasters happened to the Jews as a punishment for the death of James the Just , who was a brother of Jesus ( called Christ ) , —the Jews having put them to death , although they were a man most distinguished for their justice . Paul , a genuine disciple of Jesus , says that they regarded this James as a brother of the Lord , not so much on account of their relationship by blood , or of their being brought up together , as because of their virtue and doctrine . If , then , they say that it was on account of James that the desolation of Jerusalem was made to overtake the Jews , how should it not be more in accordance with reason to say that it happened on account [ of the death ] of Jesus Christ… ? ”
Even though it does not appear that Origen is quoting “ Josephus ” directly ( although the emphasized passage may approximate the actual wording of the source ) , no extant manuscripts of Josephus has any passage expressing the sentiment of this citation by Origen . It is instructive to compare this passage with another reference Origen makes to this lost interpolation in the seventeenth chapter of their Commentary on Matthew .
“ And James is they whom Paul says in the Epistle to the Galatians that they saw , “ But other of the Apostles saw I none , save James the brother of the Lord. ” [ Gal . 1:19 ] And to so great a reputation among the people for righteousness did this James rise , that Flavius Josephus , who wrote the Antiquities of the Jews in twenty books , when wishing to exhibit the cause why the people suffered so great misfortunes that even the temple was razed to the ground , said , that these things happened to them in consequence of the things which they had dared to do against James the brother of Jesus who is called Christ . And the wonderful thing is , that though they did not accept Jesus as Christ , they yet gave testimony that the righteousness of James was so great ; and they say that the people thought that they had suffered these things because of James… ”
It is interesting to note that in this citation , James has lost the epithet “ the Just. ” We may accordingly equate “ James the Just ” with all mentions of a “ brother of the Lord ” or a “ brother of Jesus. ” This is further justified by a quotation from a generation later , from Chapter 23 of Book 2 of Eusebius ' Church History , which quotes Josephus as saying “ These things happened to the Jews to avenge
Much later on , Photius [ c810–c893 CE ] , in their Codex 238 review of Josephus ' Antiquities , mentions “ James , the brother of the Lord ” instead of the awkward and convoluted “ the brother of Jesus the so-called Messiah , James by name ” of the received text . It is significant , I think , that Photius is not just using a shortened form of the received text but is referring to James in a completely different way —without the use of the name Jesus ! If the name Jesus had been present in Photius ' copy of Josephus , it is hard to believe they would not have repeated it but rather have reverted to the archaic and obscure title Brother of the Lord .
It seems extremely likely that the manuscript Photius reviewed made no mention of Jesus or the Messiah , but had instead a passage reading “ And so they convened the judges of the Sanhedrin and brought before them James , the so-called Brother of the Lord , and certain others… ” The book report of Photius makes it all but certain that the second alleged Josephan notice of Jesus—like the first—is inauthentic . ( The fact that the 19th-century translator of Photius translates ho legomenos as “ so-called ” should not be taken as sarcasm ; it simply meant “ who was called , ” and often was used with nicknames . ) This failure to equate “ Brother of the Lord ” with Jesus leads one to suppose that someone ( better yet , some-thing ) else is meant—something that later , whether by accident or intention , came to become a blood brother of Jesus .
Before I can reconstruct the stages of this sacred metamorphosis , I need to explain what originally was meant by “ the Lord ” and reveal the true meaning of the Fundagelical bumper-stickers that proclaim “ JESUS IS LORD . ”
The god who eventually became the chief god of the Israelites , as was the case with all men and gods alike , had a secret name . Knowledge of someone 's secret name could confer magical powers over the person when used in curses or blessings . In the case of gods , knowledge of their secret name was “ revealed ” only to the high priests of their cults . Typically , gods and their priests were bound by covenants ; priests could use the secret name to exact benefices from their pet gods , but must never reveal the powerful name to anyone , under pain of death . In exchange for bestowing knowledge of the secret name upon their priests , the gods received sacrifices , praise , veneration , and tithes from their superstitious tribes and nations . The covenant haggled out by Moses with a particular god in Sinai as described in the book of Exodus yielded a name so secret it must never be written with its vowels , lest it be pronounced “ in vain ” and Sorcerer 's Apprentice types of problems develop . Usually written in Paleo-Hebrew script , the name of the tribal god of the Jews was spelled Y-H-W-H . It probably was pronounced “ Yahweh , ” but the death sentence was incurred by anyone saying it aloud : “ Whoever utters the name Yahweh shall be put to death ” [ Lev 24:16 ] . That served to keep “ the NAME ” [ ha SHEM in Hebrew ] the private property of priests and allowed them to assure the populations they parasitized :
“ Because of our contract with God , we know their secret name and can use the power of their name on your behalf . However , also because of our contract , you have to bring us your tithes and obey the following 613 commandments . ”
Okay , this is where the story starts ; we have a long way to go before turning into the kid brother of Jesus of Nazareth , so let 's get on with it .
When the Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek for the Hellenized Jews living in Alexandria , a peculiar problem arose relating to the secret name of the Jewish god . First of all , two of the four letters in the Hebrew name are “ H , ” and there is no such letter in the Greek alphabet . Secondly , there has been no “ W ” in Greek since about the fifth century BCE when the letter digamma went extinct . Of course , there is no “ Y ” either , but the letter iota usually can serve as a “ Y ” as well as an “ I. ” So , the translators could n't just transliterate the secret Tetragrammaton into an unpronounceable Greek non-word . They could of course render the name phonetically—IAOUEI , or something similar—but then everyone would know how to pronounce the name and the translators would have been put to death ! What to do ?
The translators did what the Hebrew-speaking Jews did whenever having to read aloud a text in which YHWH appeared : they substituted an epithet for the secret name . In Hebrew or Aramaic , the substitute word was adonai [ “ my Lord ” ] , and it frequently was used in translating YHWH Elohim [ Elohim is a plural originally meaning “ gods ” ] . In Greek , the word Kyrios [ “ Lord ” ] was substituted for YHWH . In the English Bible , whenever you encounter “ the LORD God , ” you may know the original being translated is YHWH Elohim .
Okay , so now you know : “ Jesus is Lord ” means “ Jesus is Yahweh. ” Scribe that on your bumper stickers ye true believers ! “ Brother of the Lord ” originally meant “ Brother of Yahweh , ” and it obviously had nothing to do with consanguinity ! And do n't forget Origen 's comment that Josephus “ regarded this James as a brother of the Lord , not so much on account of their relationship by blood , or of their being brought up together , as because of their virtue and doctrine . ”
Next time : What exactly was a “ Brother of the Lord ” in primitive Christianity ?
Frank Zindler is the past interim President of American Atheists , a member of the American Atheists board of directors , the chief editor of American Atheists Press , and an esteemed academic and activist .
( Photo credit : Eric Lin via Flikr ; https : //www.flickr.com/photos/phonescoop/214501602/ )
Stay in touch ! Like NoGodBlog on Facebook :
Once in a lifetime you meet an indomitable spirit who just by its touch changes your perspective about everything . One such person I met during our Livin ' Life The Yoga Way – Interview series was a 90 year old Yogini , Phyllis Sues . Initially , it was this huge number that intrigued me to know them further . But , as I did , I realized , age is seriously just another number . It might seem like an exaggeration , but I could really feel their power , and the fire they had within .
Them inspiration is probably their sister , who is 96 and practices chair yoga , swims every day , has had 2 hip replacements and walks free of cane or walker . And after learning about them , our team too was as inspired as it was in awe of these two strong women . Quite obviously , we bombarded them with questions , but a yogini that they are , they replied to each with both patience and excitement .
The following are the excerpts from their interview . Read on and you 'll know why we love them so much .
1 . Describe me your first tryst with yoga . Was it repelling , rejuvenating , taxing or motivating ?
Phyllis : In my first yoga class at the YMCA , I was OK until I heard the word handstands . I do n't think so ! ! But then the yogi next to me said , “ Shall I spot you ? ” I soon found out it meant ‘ kick up ' and with that , I was in a handstand with a little help . I asked the yogi how long before you balanced in that handstand “ 6 years ! ”
Well it 's 6 years and I will not give up . Maybe next year ! In my world anything and everything is possible .
2 . With only 5 years into yoga and decades of life 's experience , how has yoga changed your perspective ?
Phyllis : Yoga has given me the assurance that I can do anything that requires strength , power , elasticity and balance within reason and for all the years ahead . April 4th is my 91st Birthday . It 's just a number . Yoga has become the building block of my life .
3 . I am curious as to why you did n't take up yoga any earlier ?
Phyllis : I was practicing Argentine Tango and needed additional balance and strength . I 'm basically a ballet dancer since age 14 and always poo-pooed yoga as ‘ unnecessary ' . How wrong I was and how lucky I am , that I found this amazing physical and spiritual practice . My energy is endless . I was born with this enormous energy and it only grows and continues to amaze me .
Let me tell you , after beginning their first ballet lesson at a tender age of 14 , they have been performing for USO tour ( Air Corps ) . During the 1940s , they performed in five long-run Broadway shows and also danced with the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo . After moving to LA , with former late husband , Alan Sues , Phyllis started designing their own line of women 's high fashion sportswear . Them company ran for 22 years , under their own label . Is n't that incredible ? !
4 . I see a very optimistic and happy , fiery streak in this brave attempt . And would love to know about your future adventures .
Phyllis : I guess you 'd say these are the twilight years of my life , but I say they are the best and unexpected years of my life . My plans are to find out how much further I can take this body . Within this plan is definitely constant yoga practice , constant tango , 3 minutes of jump rope and anything else I can come up with .
5 . I 'm sure you advise everyone to go for yoga . But at what age should one take up this practice ?
Phyllis : If I can give yoga a try at 85 , why not everyone at any age ? I will never have a hip replacement . I have Arthritis in my knees , but because of yoga I can do squats and jump rope . I have a ruptured bicep , but I can do 10 push ups every day because of yoga . Jump rope challenges my stamina , yoga challenges my balance and power .
Personally yoga is like a magnet with so many gifts—elasticity , balance , power , and silence .
6 . Tell us something about your yoga practice .
Phyllis : My yoga practice , when I wake up , takes place in my bedroom . My yoga class is in a wonderful sunlit studio . I worship my yoga teacher , Anthony Benenati . After a light breakfast an hour and a half yoga class , now I 'm ready for a tango lesson , after which a light lunch and a little nap . Then a rapid hike with my best friend Nicko ( a standard poodle ) . Skydiving and trapeze challenges my fear of heights , and my hike with Nicko challenges my speed .
Not only did Phyllis learn to Tango at 83 , they also composed and produced their own music . Phyllis brought together an extraordinary group of musicians including , Pablo Motta , Coco Trivisonno , Ronnie Manaog , Marcello Caceras and Chris Trujillo , and at 87 , produced six beautiful Tangos and debuted their CD “ Tango Insomnia. ” Phyllis also produced a Jazz CD entitled , “ Scenes of Passion ” which they also perform on piano and sings vocals with Scarlet Rouge .
7 . What is your advice to our readers ?
Phyllis : If you want to have a rich , productive , glorious life , physically and mentally , practice yoga . I practice yoga at home and in class 6 times a week and Sunday , I practice by myself . It is the most rewarding exercise and I dislike using that word , because it is not an exercise , it 's a way of life . Once you take a yoga class , if you did n't continue , it would be your loss . If you have n't taken a class yet . Go for it ! You will thank both me and yoga .
Living is not an easy exercise , but if you want a good journey , the best way to enjoy it is to listen , move and learn . It 's a full time job . If you practice yoga , you will never have a hip replacement . I 'm not a doctor , just a healthy yogi at 91 years . I do splits , headstands , peacock and someday a handstand solo . Try 3 minutes of jump rope before you do yoga . The combination is dynamite Do n't believe me ? Try it and live !
Amazing ! You are one of my favorite people , Phyllis .
Now , at 90 , Phyllis dances with their teacher and dance partner ; performing in shows and competing . They are inspiring audiences and dancers nationwide . They are currently working on their new CD . Them music is available on iTunes , CD Baby and Amazon . In their spare time , they blog for Huffington Post 50 .
“ I do inspire my friends , but beyond that inspiration , it 's rare that they are brave enough to take up yoga . I say “ Their loss ! ” They do n't realize that their aches and pains would disappear with yoga practice and joy would be their gain . This is my sixth year with yoga . For me it 's a way of life . I 'll be 91 in 2 weeks . It 's a meaningless number . I simply know how I feel . And in one word , it 's GREAT . If there is a future , my next challenge might be running and enter a marathon , why not ? It 's just numbering. ” ~ Phyllis Sues
Also Read :
1 . Hatha Yoga – The Yoga of Breathing
2 . Initiate The A-ha Chain Of Moments – Interview With Alanna Zabel
3 . Yoga Lingo for Dummies ( A Beginner 's Guide to Jargon Free Yoga )
Photo Credit : Cat Doran
ADVERTISEMENT
Hurricane Harvey pummeled southern Texas all weekend , causing apocalyptic flooding . Worse , several more days of torrential rainfall are in the cards , as Harvey is predicted to slowly wander slightly back out to sea and then make landfall again in a day or two . Several deaths have already been confirmed , and forecasters estimate there will be up to 50 inches of rain in the worst-hit areas .
This destruction is a window into the future of climate change . This is what happens when humanity fails to either meaningfully restrict greenhouse gas emissions or prepare for the damage that is certainly coming .
Now , before the inevitable pedant brigade pounces in , that does n't mean Harvey was definitely caused by climate change . Global temperatures have only markedly increased for a few decades , and extreme weather events are rare and random by definition . It will take many more years for enough data to be collected to be able to establish causality .
But what we can say is that climate science predicts with high confidence that increased temperatures will increase the likelihood of extreme weather .
It will make hurricanes that do form stronger . It may also increase the number of hurricanes , though that 's harder to predict with certainty . It 's also besides the point . A storm does n't need to qualify as a hurricane to pose many of the same dangers . Simple big storms can still have high winds , tornadoes , and especially flooding , which is the major danger along the Gulf Coast .
And when it comes to attributing an increased flooding trend directly to climate change , we are on firmer ground ( so to speak ) . As the 2014 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report notes , models predict that increasing temperature ought to cause greater precipitation extremes in both directions — both drought and flooding , though there are likely more areas of heavy precipitation . As climate scientist Michael Mann writes , `` Harvey was almost certainly more intense than it would have been in the absence of human-caused warming . ''
All that is seriously worsened by abysmal American preparedness — particularly in the South , where drainage and other flood protection infrastructure is often designed poorly and maintained worse . Southern Texas is notorious in this respect — not as bad as New Orleans , which still has not been completely rebuilt from Hurricane Katrina — but still bad . As this ProPublica/Texas Tribune report details , Houston has been increasing its vulnerability to flooding , mainly through ever-sprawling development . Prairie absorbs water to some extent , while concrete and pavement sheds it quickly . Paving over soil therefore increases the speed and volume of runoff , and hence flooding . ( Naturally , the Republican head of the local flood control district denies this is happening and has no plans to study how climate change might affect the local region . )
Furthermore , the Houston area also has some critical infrastructure that is seriously vulnerable to a direct hit from a major hurricane — like the Johnson Space Center and the Houston Ship Channel , which has the largest oil refinery complex in the entire country . At the time of writing , the Johnson center is closed but operational , while refineries with about one million barrels of daily capacity have been shut down — with more to come , most likely .
Houston has been hit with a 100-year flood — a rainstorm that , going by previous records , has a 1 percent chance of happening in one year — in 2015 and in 2016 . Now in 2017 it 's enduring what will probably be the worst flood in the city 's history . ( That , plus the suggestive science on climate change precipitation , would suggest the probabilities need to be updated . )
And that brings me to President Trump . It 's not clear how the disaster response is going , though I would certainly not expect top-notch performance . But just days before Harvey hit , Trump announced that they were going to rescind an Obama executive order that would require buildings receiving federal funding to consider climate change and build above extreme flood levels . Since there is a big federal program to provide flood insurance to many such buildings ( that is incidentally nearly bankrupt due to massive claims of late ) , this amounts to a government subsidy to build in flood-prone areas .
That 's Trump alright : stupendous , almost unimaginable idiocy in every situation . But here it drives home the fact that failing to act on climate change is putting the United States under direct threat of physical devastation . If ISIS had some plot to blow up the nation 's biggest oil refinery , it would be instant justification for limitless spending and endless war . But because the threat comes through abstract and slow-moving scientific processes — and because one of our two political parties has become intellectually unhinged — we sit here , twiddling our thumbs , until the disaster is on us .
Well , it 's here now — and the longer we wait , the more expensive and deadly prevention and defense will be . It 's time to get moving .
It is hard to believe the HP TouchPad has only been around for a few weeks given the checkered past it has already lived . It went from also-ran to the top seller on Amazon in days , and according to some estimates has sold hundreds of thousands of units in the last week . Based on the correspondence I am receiving from new TouchPad owners I believe those figures may be accurate .
Many of these new TouchPad owners are craving for information about their new tablet , and many questions I am spending hours each day answering are in fact answered in articles I wrote before the bizarre scenario played out . It seems like a good idea to gather all of my articles about the HP TouchPad together in one place for easy reference .
One reason that early reviews of the TouchPad routinely panned the device for poor performance out of the box was due to the way webOS handles the initial Synergy syncing . Synergy brings together all of the user 's social networks , email and contacts from all over the web so the TouchPad can do useful things with them . Unfortunately , this initial syncing in the background can take a day or two if enough accounts are configured , and there is nothing that can be done about the performance hits while the syncing is taking place . Once the syncing completes the performance becomes pretty good , so let it happen and expect possible lagginess in execution for the first day or so . Things get much better after that .
Tips and tricks and general coverage for the HP TouchPad
How to improve the performance of your new HP TouchPad New HP TouchPad owners go get your free 50GB of lifetime cloud storage HP TouchPad owners : get 6 free apps from HP for a limited time HP TouchPad : HP and Best Buy to refund price differences for early buyers HP TouchPad as portable blogging machine Overclocking the HP TouchPad cranks up the speed HP TouchPad : Still better than Honeycomb 5 Tablets for back to school The HP TouchPad homebrew community is already alive and well HP TouchPad : Hands-on impressions
Good apps for the HP TouchPad
Accessories for the HP TouchPad
Related Stories :
Buy Photo Heather Lose , a former WRVU DJ and co-founder of WXNA , is part of a campaign to raise $ 50,000 for the station through a Kickstarter campaign . ( Photo : John Partipilo / The Tennessean ) Buy Photo
A group of community DJs have launched a fundraising campaign to help get their new nonprofit Nashville radio station off the ground .
WXNA-FM received approval from the Federal Communications Commission in January for a new low-watt station to be located downtown .
WXNA was formed by a nonprofit group called Friends of WRVU , the Vanderbilt University-owned station that decided in 2012 to be streaming only and sold its broadcast rights to WPLN . That decision left community disc jockeys who produced an eclectic mix of programming on the outside .
The new station is seeking to raise $ 50,000 through a Kickstarter campaign . Already , they 've received $ 8,501 in contributions as of 2 p.m. Tuesday . The deadline to reach their goal is Sept. 9 .
`` This project is a labor of love for me and the rest of the board — and for many others who also cherished WRVU-FM , '' said Heather Lose , a former WRVU DJ and co-founder of WXNA . `` We 've been chipping away at this giant elephant for years .
`` And now that we are seeing the community rise up to help us build this station that is ultimately for them ? Our hearts are full ! And once we meet our fundraising goal and can start broadcasting , the fun will truly begin . ''
WXNA will broadcast on 101.5 FM with a 100-watt signal that will reach Germantown , downtown , East Nashville and the surrounding areas . Content is also expected to stream online .
On its Kickstarter page , WXNA promised the eclectic mix of programming one would expect from a community radio station . At WRVU community DJs hosted niche music programs ranging from jazz to local rock to classic country . They also had programs that looked at current events and local politics .
`` Imagine you 're in your car , driving to work in the morning , listening to the radio , '' the station said on its Kickstarter page . `` A Patsy Cline classic of country heartache wafts from the speakers , followed by a punch of powerful punk rock , and then a butt-shakin ' groove of deep Southern soul . It 's a mixmaster of styles and yet each song flows into the next in a way that makes sense — guided by a deejay with a plan and personality , rather than the cold order of 'random play . ' ”
Reach Nate Rau at 615-259-8094 and on 'Twitter @ tnnaterau .
Read or Share this story : http : //tnne.ws/1No92he
RAMALLAH , West Bank — Secretary of State John Kerry is preparing a “ framework ” for peace and Palestinians are worried . They know it will define the American position and set the new parameters for resolving the conflict . When published , this document — whether Palestinians accept its contents or not — will become the reference point for all future negotiations .
Each American document that has been published in the past has represented a step back from the one that preceded it . Following this logic , the starting points of the Kerry document will be better than anything any future American proposal could offer . Such is the Palestinian predicament .
Palestinians need a mediator who is simultaneously capable and equitable . The problem is that the only capable mediator , the United States , is not a fair one . Appeasing Israeli concerns , securing its safety and meeting its demands are central tenets of the American approach to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . From a Palestinian perspective , Israel often takes advantage of the passage of time in order to impose new facts , not only on the ground , but also upon the mediator .
Palestinians believe that the United States does not treat them fairly , despite the fact that they have lost their homeland and are forced to live under a bitter , oppressive occupation . They see themselves as the party that is forced to capitulate over and over again , offering concessions and backing down in order to meet Israeli demands . Palestinians also have concerns , fears and demands .
It 's definitely noticeable that Second Life signups have taken a significant jump from a more usual 10-11 thousand new signups per day to quite a bit more – topping out near 17 thousand per day .
That sudden surge seems to be fading . What is n't clear is quite why it happened or whether it represents anything positive .
The first thing do n't know about this is why it happened . I suppose that the recent changes to the Second Life signup process must be a contributing factor , as the numbers represent signups completed , not users who get as far as signing in to Second Life .
Why the sudden jump , then ? Is it that – even with 10,000 or so new signups per day – that there are almost that many again who would start , but not complete the registration process ?
After all , there 's nothing new that might be attracting people or encouraging them to try Second Life out . In that case , I imagine that it must be correct , absent any other more plausible explanation . About half of would-be new-users normally do n't complete the registration process , and the new ( somewhat glitzy ) changes to that are really helping users get through the already minimalist registration system .
Probably .
Are those users actually being retained ?
I do n't think so , no . In fact , my gut instinct is that retention of new users has declined through approximately the same period .
Now , let me be clear about this . I 've got two data-sources to work with : signups and concurrency . A quick correlation between the two suggests that the retention of new users declined in percentage terms during this surge of signups , however , the result is not statistically significant . That means that user-retention may actually have remained the same , or even increased – however the data available is not sufficient to make that declaration .
So , all I 've got here is a feeling , with no data to justify that . Guesswork with numbers .
I 've asked the Lab for some more data in the hope that I can get a better picture for what is happening – and if I get something , I 'll be sure and write it up . The picture itself might become clearer without additional data from the Lab , but I do n't expect statistically significant results until sometime in May .
So , signups way up . User-retention , maybe down , but too soon to tell .
Share this : Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Print
Tags : Linden Lab / Linden Research Inc , Opinion , Second Life , Statistics , Virtual Environments and Virtual Worlds
The IOTA price ( IOT/USD ) has reached its highest level in more than two months after experiencing a massive surge in Wednesday trading .
The ‘ Internet of Things coin ' started yesterday 's session at $ 0.610 , which remained its lowest level for the day . It finished the day at $ 0.785 , its highest price September 2 .
So far in today 's session IOTA has managed to defend the gains , with is price currently hovering around $ 0.80 , according to data from cryptocurrency tracker Coinmarketcap . The rally had seemingly run out of steam in the morning session , but the coin managed to extend its gains a bit further in the afternoon .
IOTA 's rapid advance on Wednesday is consistent with a strong uptrend that has developed over the past week or so . The cryptocurrency has gained more than 100 % since November 8 , when it first hinted that there was potential for a more meaningful and sustained rally .
The price rally suggests that IOTA is enjoying strong interest from investors and this is further supported by strong market activity . Yesterday IOTA reached a record daily volume of just over $ 87 million and earlier today its 24-hour volume surpassed $ 100 million for the first time .
Hong Kong 's Bitfinex exchange accounts for 89 % of all trades that have taken place in the past 24 hours . Meanwhile , Shanghai-based exchange Binance , which only added IOTA to its platform at the end of September , has increased its share to nearly 11 % .
In today 's trading , the IOTA price stood at $ 0.806 , as of 13:15 GMT . The coin has gained 18.3 % in the past 24 hours , according to Coinmarketcap .
I had a feeling I was going to enjoy an interview with a woman who grew up wanting to be a New York Yankees catcher , who defaulted to wanting to be a coach , who then actually defaulted to being an undergraduate math major before eventually becoming president of that same university . In fact , they became president of one of the few big-time schools with consistently successful programs in the top revenue sports of football and basketball . The interview was with Lou Anna K. Simon , Michigan State University 's 20th President . In the interest of full disclosure , I am an undergraduate alumnus of the institution from decades ago . I was just impressed with the way they were presidential yet personable as they mixed and mingled with MSU faithful before an NCAA tournament game this spring .
Sports negativity sells we are told , but success stories should be told too , and without backhanded compliments or innuendos . One of those stories involves the reason some schools have consistently strong athletic programs .
Simon has been president since January 2005 . I was curious about why MSU experienced consistent success ( albeit not always as part of the super elite ) during their tenure . Every time I wanted to shape the direction of the answer in terms of wins and losses , revenue streams , donor contributions , premium seats , marketing , and other business issues , Simon consistently made the point “ It only works when you 're a team , built on shared values and high integrity ” .
Many presidents have a similar salvo . I used to think such statements by school officials and many corporate mission statements were just professional and hollow propaganda and that only money mattered . Call me Polly Anna and naïve but among successful entities regardless of industry the people focus is real . As Simon emphatically added without a pause , “ You do n't get to those shared values and integrity unless you first put in the time to sit down and actually get to know those around you . ”
It 's no coincidence that their Team MSU policy echoes a similar formula by MSU 's great president John Hannah , who ushered the agricultural college into university and Big Ten championship status . They are best known for codifying their perspective about running a major college in a single sentence , “ In the end , it 's all about people. ” Simon 's people concept includes making sure they get to know their people and establish a good relationship first , before a crisis . Then if a crisis comes , there is a qualitative foundation for problem-solving . A case in point was their relationship with basketball coach Tom Izzo . They were both internal appointments after grasping the culture of MSU . They developed that relationship , along with football coach Mark Dantonio , Director of Athletics Mark Hollis . The all assert that success starts with “ making it family ” . Winning is a byproduct . Much like Nick Saban has long said about football success , Simon said this is all part of an off-field process where there is a “ common drive to be better ” .
But Simon methodically and still enthusiastically said building huggable moments at pep rallies is not enough . There must be parts 3 and 4 to generate ongoing success . As they put it , the process needs to produce “ something to be proud of , not necessarily 10 wins ” , which then leads to part 4 : an ever-increasingly powerful network – a “ front porch ” that feeds off that point of pride . “ When you are in Beijing wearing that block S cap , alum halfway across the world will start a conversation with a “ Go Green Go White ” salutation . I suspect the presidents of Alabama and Michigan would say the same about “ Roll Tide “ and “ Go Blue ” . That positivity brings consistency in a positive way , and the winning ways become part of the culture . According to Simon , all of these elements are part of the “ causation ” of success .
And when I asked about the role of sports in overall fundraising I was a bit surprised that while sports success is a “ wonderful window ” to positive publicity in good times , it does not usually create a “ windfall ” of donor revenue . Most large donors are already multidisciplinary with cross funding of buildings and programs . Conversely , if the program has a Penn State/Rutgers episode , the university fundraising can be quickly and drastically damaged if there is a perceived lack of trust in the sports administration . So the sports programs have more potential for a crash than a meteoric rise in revenue .
You notice none of Simon 's self-described formula because they are a woman or in spite of being a woman . The formula is instead the same as stated over 70 years ago by then-President Hannah – in the end it 's all about people . Lou Anna Simon embraces that value and MSU is the beneficiary .
As for the Yankee catcher dream , Simon was recently given a Yogi Berra baseball card with the scribbled spoof autograph from Berra stating : “ I always wanted to be a Michigan State President ” . Simon keeps it in their office as a reminder that sometimes it 's better not to get what you dream .
By By JohnThomas Didymus Oct 12 , 2011 in World Calgary - In effort to counter what they consider the `` satanic '' festival of Halloween , Christian groups have declared a festival of their own on the same day as Halloween , October 31 . The festival is the initiative of Pastor Paul Ade , who , according to `` We are focused on helping people live a better life ... Throughout the year and especially from October 31st till November 15th we hold several seminars . '' Paste Ade speaks further on their motivation for JesusWeen Festival : `` Halloween is not consistent with the Christian faith . Many people say they feel uncomfortable on that day . We think people should choose an alternative activity . '' Pastor Ade , along with their supporters , is bringing Christian folks together to hand out bibles and other Christian religious materials and tracts , in place of candy , to unsuspecting children celebrating Halloween . Christian critics of Halloween say Christians should never celebrate Halloween because it is a pagan festival associated with the old prechristian Celtic festival of Samhain or Samuin . Some authorities say , however , that Halloween originated in the Roman feast of Ponoma , the goddess of fruits and seeds , and in the festival of the dead called Parentalia . The Celtic origin theory of the feast is , however , more widely accepted , and in Critics of JesusWeen are complaining that Christian groups would only ruin Halloween for kids . Jeanne Sager , writing in `` Come on guys , ca n't you pick on someone your own size ? Like the kids ' parents maybe ? I do n't hand out copies of And Tango Makes Three to the kids of homophobes ... because it 's not the time or the place for a political/spiritual debate . It 's a community celebration ! '' Sager justifies Halloween on the grounds that unlike other Christian festivals , `` ... it [ Halloween ] is one time of year when people truly act like a community . Neighbors do n't begrudge spending a little money on treats to put a smile on the face of the kid down the block . Parents get to say 'hello ' to neighbors they do n't get to see as much as they 'd like now that their kids ' social schedules keep them busy . '' `` What they forgot to take into account , though , is the fact that those heavy Bibles are going to be hard to carry around all night . Many a child 's candy sack will break . Wo n't someone think of the children ? '' The festival , named JesusWeen , is being sponsored by the Evangelical Christian community , and their intention is to turn the Halloween festival into a Jesus Festival . The plan is that many young Christians will turn out on the streets on Halloween night for an evangelical outreach , distributing bibles and Christian tracts to children out for Halloween fun.The festival is the initiative of Pastor Paul Ade , who , according to Huffington Post , leads a Christian congregation in Calgary , Canada . According to a statement by Pastor Ade , quoted on Huffington Post Paste Ade speaks further on their motivation for JesusWeen Festival : Pastor Ade , along with their supporters , is bringing Christian folks together to hand out bibles and other Christian religious materials and tracts , in place of candy , to unsuspecting children celebrating Halloween.Christian critics of Halloween say Christians should never celebrate Halloween because it is a pagan festival associated with the old prechristian Celtic festival of Samhain or Samuin . Some authorities say , however , that Halloween originated in the Roman feast of Ponoma , the goddess of fruits and seeds , and in the festival of the dead called Parentalia.The Celtic origin theory of the feast is , however , more widely accepted , and in Medieval Ireland , it was celebrated at the beginning of winter as marking the end of season of trade and warfare and beginning of season for tribal assemblies . The feast had the typical elements of a Festival of the Dead and soon became associated , in Christian times , with All saints Day or All Soul 's Day , from about the 8th Century.Critics of JesusWeen are complaining that Christian groups would only ruin Halloween for kids . Jeanne Sager , writing in Cafemon.com , complains , Sager justifies Halloween on the grounds that unlike other Christian festivals , The Onion takes a position similar to Sager 's . It criticizes the Christian perspective and argues that Halloween is just fun for young children . The Onion concludes : More about Halloween , Pagan , Satanic , October 31 , Samhain More news from Halloween Pagan Satanic October 31 Samhain
LEAKED emails inviting timber industry representatives to raise $ 11,000 to gain access to LNP ministers highlights the need to protect the state 's anti-corruption bodies , the Queensland Opposition says .
Opposition Leader Annastacia Palaszczuk said leaked emails about $ 500-a-head Regional Round Table fundraising dinners show the events `` will allow those who attend to shape government policy '' .
An email from Timber Queensland chief Rod McInnes reveals the organisation would normally ignore such events but felt the access to prominent ministers might make the $ 11,000 price tag for 22 members to attend worthwhile .
`` With an industry plan under Cabinet consideration , a government which is largely sympathetic to our industry , but with Green groups marshalling to oppose our natural forest activity , keeping close to the ministers would be a good strategy , '' they said .
A reply email from LNP corporate relations manager Jude Bailey noted the $ 11,000 fee would not be considered a donation because it was `` a fee for service activity with due consideration '' .
Ms Palaszczuk described the dinners as a series of `` fee for service '' fundraisers , the first held on Monday night at an undisclosed Brisbane venue with Agriculture Minister John McVeigh .
They said LNP ministers would be the `` star attraction '' at the LNP party hosted dinners and showed the LNP was `` only interested in listening to those that can afford to buy their ear '' .
`` This sort of activity is why we need to protect anti-corruption institutions such as the Crime and Misconduct Commission and the bi-partisan Parliamentary Crime and Misconduct Committee , '' they said .
`` If they are designated as LNP activity , then under the Newman Government 's own guidelines the Premier and their ministers will not be required to declare them in their published diaries .
`` Following on the scandalous use of taxpayers ' funds to stage the launch of their health blueprint last month , the new series of dinners show the LNP views government policy as just another source of fundraising .
`` If the LNP wants to discuss or develop policies it should do so openly , not behind closed doors by charging people to attend .
`` The Premier has already abandoned the question-and-answer sessions at Community Cabinet meetings and has also scrapped the original plans for a series of 'town hall ' meetings across the state . ''
Ms Palaszczuk 's comments come after the State Government has consistently levelled fire at the CMC , most recently over an administrative bungle that led to the accidental release of documents relating to the Fitzgerald corruption inquiry .
Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie has just extended an inquiry the Newman Government ordered into the CMC by two weeks .
A spokesperson for Premier Campbell Newman said the LNP fundraisers were a matter for the LNP .
`` Just last month , the Newman Government met with more than 160 people at Community Cabinet in Maryborough , '' the spokesperson said .
`` As part of the Government 's commitment to openness and accountability , all portfolio-related meetings are detailed in publicly-released ministerial diaries , something Labor still refuses to do . ''
Solar Energy 's Potential
Solar energy is an abundant source of essentially free power that has amazing potential to solve our planet 's energy needs with minimal impact on the environment . According to the US Department of Energy , just 18 days of sunshine on Earth contains the same amount of energy as is stored in all of the planet 's reserves of coal , oil , and natural gas . And , once a system is in place to harness the solar resource and convert it into useful energy , the fuel is free . These factors make solar energy attractive from both an economic and an environmental point of view .
The Growth of Solar Power as an Energy Source
This renewable energy source , first used commercially more than 100 years ago , is growing rapidly as people and nations look for sources of energy that are sustainable and environmentally sound . More and more solar panels are evident as you drive by homes , parking structures , schools and businesses – solar panels are now visible everywhere as an ever increasing number of individuals and companies begin to tap into this resource . Growth in the solar power industry is so rapid that solar power is expected to become the world 's biggest source of electricity by 2050 , according to the International Energy Agency
How Does Solar Energy Work ?
The first and most basic concept to understand relative to solar energy is the simplicity of how it works . Basically , solar energy is produced by capturing radiant light and heat from the sun and then converting it into energy that can be used to power homes , businesses , tools and machinery . Electricity is generated during peak periods — hot afternoons — when the demand is highest and air conditioners are going full blast . But solar energy can be stored for later use such as on highways where the sun 's energy is captured during the day to enable highway signs to shine at night .
There are different kinds of systems that can be designed to collect and store solar energy but the most common installation is known as an active solar power system . An active system uses a mechanism , such as the solar panels one sees on a roof , to capture sunlight and generate power . Solar panels are made up of photovoltaic ( PV ) cells that capture sunlight particles called photons . Using a semiconducting material such as silicon , the PV cells then convert the photons into useable direct current ( DC ) electricity . NAn inverter connected by wires to the panels turns those direct currents ( DC ) into alternating current ( AC ) electricity and sends it to the breaker box panel in your home or business to power your lights , computers and other appliances .
Depending on how much power your system generates – which is impacted by both its size and your location – you may still elect to be tied into your local utility company 's power grid . That way , you can access any additional power you still might need or you can sell any excess energy you generate into the grid for others to use . The utility company meter at your home or business will measure how much energy is used , and how much is generated by your solar panels . That way , you can monitor your solar energy system and know whether it is generating enough energy to fully meet your needs or whether you are still taking some power from the electric grid .
In January 2012 , President Barack Obama finalized their regulation banning employers from offering their staff health insurance unless it paid the entire cost of birth control .
The penalty for providing coverage without birth control was set at $ 100 a day per worker — more than 15 times as much as the penalty for offering no coverage at all .
This mandate was not part of the Obamacare law passed by Congress . It probably would n't have passed if the controversial proviso had been included . In the time since , the mandate has been battered by litigation . A unanimous Supreme Court recently rebuffed the Obama administration 's efforts to impose it on religious nonprofit organizations . The parties and government have tried to negotiate a compromise that respects religious freedom but have not yet found one .
That task now falls to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price . As the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday , they are about to create a broad exemption allowing most employers easily to sidestep the mandate .
That 's a good start . But Price 's next step should be to abolish the mandate altogether . It was never necessary to accomplish Obamacare 's stated mission . In fact , because its penalties favor birth control over insurance coverage , the mandate somewhat undercuts that mission .
The left side of the culture war , which this mandate was designed to please , will not take the Trump administration 's action lightly . It is already trying to frame this move to let employers decide which health benefits to offer as a blow to employees ' freedom — imposing bosses ' beliefs on workers .
By that logic , you 'd be entitled to complain if your boss imposed their belief on you that you do n't deserve a million-dollar bonus this month . In truth , employer health plans are simply part of the terms of a worker 's job — opulent or stingy , however the case may be , but nothing to do with the imposition of beliefs .
There is no freedom to compel others to offer you better compensation for your job . That 's the opposite of freedom . Even where government compulsion is necessary and justified , which in this case it demonstrably is n't , it is ludicrous to the point of being insulting to call an imposition `` freedom . ''
By the same token , it was clear from the outset that the mandate would restrict the freedom of employers , big and small , who had religious objections to it , and who rightly resented government demands that they disobey the tenets of their faith .
Once the mandate is gone , as we hope will be soon , everyone will be free to make their own decisions . Employees will remain free to buy and use birth control as they choose . Most employers will continue to provide it even though not obliged to . After all , 65 percent of all employers and 85 percent of all large employers did so before Obamacare . They chose what they believed best for attracting employees .
We referred above to Obamacare 's `` stated '' mission . But the mission of some parts of it , including the birth control mandate , was of course not as stated by the Obama administration . It was not to ensure than everyone had access to an essential element of health coverage . No one who wanted birth control was incapable of obtaining it even before Obama 's meddlesome and overweening statute was foisted on the nation .
No , the real rather than stated purpose of the mandate was to force employers who lived according to their faith into a humiliating and unprincipled capitulation to the arrogant forces of secular left-liberalism . It was a little act of tyranny , a disgrace to those who perpetrated it , that can not be expunged too soon .
Consumer Safety Agency Plans Crowdsourcing Database
Over the objections of manufacturers , the Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ) will launch a searchable , online database in March that collects consumer complaints about harmful or dangerous products .
The new crowdsourcing tool at www.SaferProducts.gov will require consumers to describe the harm caused by a product , to identify the manufacturer , and to attest that their complaint is accurate . Currently , most consumer complaints about a safety issue remain confidential unless the CPSC decides that a recall is merited .
“ This will really beef up research and data we have on public safety , ” says Nancy Cowles of Kids In Danger , a child protection group . The database , which Congress mandated in a 2008 law , will let consumers search for information by product name , type of harm , or manufacturer . It will also make it harder for companies to hide complaints about faulty products , Cowles said .
Within 5 days of receiving a consumer complaint , the CPSC must share the report with the manufacturer of the product , according to the law mandating the new database . The company has 10 days to try to block publication of the complaint in the database by persuading the agency that the information is wrong or requires protection as a trade secret , or it can submit a comment to attach to the complaint in the database .
What kind of consumer complaints are the agency expecting ? Scott Wolfson , CPSC director of public affairs , cites an example of a baby crib in which its drop side fails in the middle of the night , trapping the infant . Whether a close call or an actual tragedy , the baby 's family will be able to immediately alert the CPSC — and other parents — of the problem . “ The sooner it 's on the database , the faster we can take action and other consumers who have the same product will be made aware of the situation , ” they said .
Industry groups have lodged their own complaints with the CPSC about the new database , saying they fear false accusations about harmful products will hurt company reputations .
“ In the age of the Internet and 24-hour news , information can spread in a moment 's time around the world . There is a danger that inaccurate information regarding a consumer product can irreversibly damage the reputation of a company and the sales of its product , ” Cary Silverman , a lawyer for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's Institute for Legal Reform , told the agency 's public hearing last November .
For example , a consumer entering an online complaint could inadvertently misspell the name of the manufacturer , Silverman said , or submit false information to pressure a company into settling a product liability lawsuit . And there is also the risk that a competing manufacturer could deliberately make up a false complaint to tarnish a rival 's reputation , they said .
Werner Co. , a Pennsylvania-based ladder maker , urged the CPSC to give manufacturers a longer , 60-day deadline to respond to a consumer complaint and to automatically delete from the database all consumer complaints after five years if they do not result in a recall . Michigan engineering consultants , Exponent Failure Analysis Associates , expressed concern that individual complaints could be circulated via popular social networking sites , prompting many others to file false complaints .
Consumer advocacy groups say the database will save lives by encouraging the speedy removal or redesign of unsafe products . The new trove of information will also help the agency spot trends and emerging problems , they say .
The CPSC is now reviewing public comments about its proposal to set up the database , and is expected to issue a final regulation this fall . The final regulations will also determine if the database will include consumer complaints prior to March 2011 .
“ We want this database to succeed . When we turn this on , we want it to work well for consumers , ” Wolfson said .
ABOUT THE DATA :
What : Database of consumer complaints about harmful or dangerous products submitted to the Consumer Product Safety Commission .
Where : www.SaferProducts.gov
Availability : Beginning March 11 , 2011
Usability : Searchable , but not yet clear if database will include consumer complaints submitted prior to its March 11 , 2011 launch
Send your tips on government data sets that you think should be made more accessible or user-friendly to datamine @ publicintegrity.org . You can also message us on Twitter or discuss the project on our Facebook page . We 're eager to hear what you turn up — full credit and links will be provided to individuals whose suggestions we use in our series .
The Data Mine is a joint project of the Center for Public Integrity and the Sunlight Foundation .
With macOS Mojave , Apple introduced four apps that were previously only available on iOS : Stocks , News , Home and Voice Memos . During the presentation , speculation began on how these could be the iOS apps themselves , ported to the Mac with the rumored Marzipan project . At the end of the Keynote , Craig Federighi presented a sneak peek at a multi-phase project they 've been working on . Without giving it any name , Craig explained that this project allows iOS apps to be ported to the Mac with minimal effort , that Apple used this for their News , Stocks and Voice Memos apps and that it would become available to third-party developers next year . I decided to explore this project and see just how minimal an effort it would be to port an existing , real-world iOS app to the Mac .
expand full story
University of North dakota associate English Professor Heidi Czerwiec has caused quite a stir with their letter to the editor of the Grand Forks Herald threatening to call 911 every time they see an ROTC exercise on campus .
The letter was apparently born of an incident where Czerwiec saw ROTC personnel on campus carrying their practice guns ( they 're fakes used for exercises ) and called 911 . They were told that it was the ROTC , and that they have permission to do exercises on campus , but in their letter they said they would call 911 every time they saw them .
“ It 's not my job to decide whether people carrying guns at school are an actual threat , ” they wrote . “ It 's my job to teach and to get home to my family . ”
Now , per the WDAZ report above , it seems Czerwiec also left a profanity-laced tirade on the voicemail of the campus ROTC .
“ There is no ( expletive ) reason why I should have to be terrorized like this , to look up and see gunman on the quad and dive under my desk thinking that perhaps we 're under attack or something , ” they said .
Wow .
They also gave this statement to WDAZ about the controversy :
Much of the information being dispersed on this incident is misleading . I saw two young men with guns outside my office . They were not obviously part of any training , and we had not been notified there would be any training that day . I called 911 to report it in order to protect myself , my students , and my coworkers . I have nothing against ROTC or its cadets – they are some of my finest students . But in this current climate of school shootings , I 'm sure many would agree that having students run across campus with guns while classes are in session is unwise and irresponsible . When I said I would call 911 again , I was saying that any time I see something suspicious that is not obviously part of a drill , I will call it in . At the university , we are told , “ if you see something , say something. ” I am doing my job .
As I said in my initial post on this matter , I ca n't blame Czerwiec for calling 911 initially . It 's understandable how someone could maybe confuse , at a glance , ROTC personnel with perhaps someone on campus armed and intent on violence .
But their angry voicemail left for the ROTC seems downright unhinged , as was their threat in the letter to the Grand Forks Herald to call 911 every time they see the ROTC . They say in the statement above that they only meant that they would call when they see something “ suspicious that is not obviously part of a drill , ” but that was n't at all clear from their letter .
Words mean things . You 'd think someone working in a university English department would understand this .
And Czerwiec 's jab ROTC exercises being “ highly inappropriate ” speaks to a hostility towards the program they do n't seem willing to admit to now .
Meanwhile , per a comment from UND spokesperson Peter Johnson earlier this week , the school will now be sending out a campus wide alert for every ROTC drill as well as alerting Czerwiec personally .
I 'm glad there is going to be more communication about ROTC drills on campus , but that level of notification seems absurd .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
If you drink alcohol or take prescription pills , well do n't worry , you are in the clear . However , if you are one of millions of people who use the devil 's lettuce and hold a medical marijuana card… Well , it looks like Uncle Sam just decided you do n't deserve the right to purchase a firearm .
According to the latest from the federal government , the sale of guns to medical marijuana cardholders does not violate the Second Amendment , a federal appeals court said Wednesday . The latest ruling by the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals applies to all nine Western states that fall under the court 's jurisdiction . This includes Oregon , Washington , and California .
This all stems from a lawsuit filed by S. Rowan Wilson , a woman in Nevada who attempted purchasing a firearm in 2011 after obtaining their medical marijuana card . The gun store refused to sell them a firearm , citing the federal rule on the sale of firearms to illegal drug users .
While cannabis still remains illegal under federal law and classified the same as heroin , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives has told gun sellers they can assume a person with a medical marijuana card uses the drug . Because you know , that evil old plant somehow makes you a dangerous threat to society , and god forbid you should dream of exercising your second amendment rights and want to protect your home and family .
According to Business Insider , the 9th Circuit in its 3 ' 0 decision agreed that it 's a reasonable assumption by federal regulators , those who hold medical marijuana cards are more likely to use cannabis . Gee , you do n't say ?
In addition to all of this , banning those who use marijuana and other drug users is reasonable because the use of such drugs “ raises the risk of irrational or unpredictable behavior with which gun use should not be associated , ” Senior District Judge Jed Rakoff said .
The 9th Circuit also rejected other constitutional challenges to the ban that were raised by Wilson . So now that the United States government deems those who use cannabis unpredictable and irrational , who 's next on the list ?
H/T Business Insider
Chelsea faces the biggest threat of World Cup burnout ahead of the new Premier League season , according to figures released charting how much English-based stars have played in Brazil .
Ahead of the semi-final between Argentina and Holland , 16 Chelsea players at the World Cup had completed a total of 3,796 minutes of football – more than any of their title rivals .
It is not just the physical effects Chelsea will have to cope with either , as Brazilian trio Oscar , Willian and Ramires will need to overcome the psychological damage of the semi-final humiliation against Germany .
German forward André Schürrle will have no such mental difficulties , but could add to their 156 minutes in Sunday 's final to push Chelsea 's total figure even higher . Saturday 's third-place play-off game is also likely to extend the efforts of Oscar , Willian and Ramires , as Brazil seek to regain some pride .
Arsenal 's current set of World Cup players have completed 2,532 minutes of football in Brazil . The club is set to clinch the signings of Chile star Alexis Sánchez and France international Mathieu Debuchy , which boosts the overall figure to 3,252 .
The final total of Arsenal will increase with the prospect of Mesut Özil , Per Mertesacker and Lukas Podolski playing some part for Germany in the final .
Both Chelsea and Arsenal planned for the fact that a large number of their players would be away at the World Cup by shelving long-haul pre-season tours for a year .
Jose Mourinho is taking their Chelsea squad away to a training camp in Austria , with friendlies arranged against Austrian , Slovenian , Dutch , German and Hungarian opposition .
Although pre-season training officially started this week , players involved in the group stages of the World Cup will return to work during the week beginning July 21 . That includes new signings Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa , who were part of the Spain squad , and England 's Gary Cahill .
Those players who made it through to the knockout stages , including Oscar , Willian and Ramires , will be given longer off .
Arsenal 's non-World Cup players have also returned to pre-season training and the club have one long-haul fixture arranged against New York Red Bulls on July 26 .
None of the players involved in the knockout stages of the World Cup will travel to the United States , which means the anticipated debuts of Sánchez and Debuchy could come in the Emirates Cup .
Arsenal face Benfica and Monaco at their home competition , before the Community Shield clash with Manchester City at Wembley .
Arsenal 's group stage World Cup players are due to return on Monday July 21 , those who made it through to the round of 16 go back on July 24 , quarter-finalists start work on July 28 and the German contingent who will contest the final do not have to return until Aug 8 .
That means Özil , Mertesacker and Podolski will not play any pre-season fixtures for Arsenal ahead of the Premier League opener against Crystal Palace on Aug 16 .
Manchester City 's World Cup stars have currently completed 2,469 minutes of football in Brazil and that figure will be even higher after Argentina 's semi-final against Holland , with Sergio Agüero , Pablo Zabaleta and Martín Demichelis all part of Alejandro Sabella 's squad .
Those City players not involved in the World Cup go on a pre-season training camp in Scotland , where they will play against Dundee and Hearts .
The players who did not make it past the group stages of the World Cup will then link up with the rest of the squad for City 's US Tour . Doubts have been raised , however , over whether or not Yaya Touré will turn up after their rants against the club .
City 's Argentine trio , Brazilian Fernandinho , Belgian Vincent Kompany and new signing Bacary Sagna , who represented France , will travel to the United States after playing in the knockout stages in Brazil .
Manchester United have already confirmed that Wayne Rooney and new signing Luke Shaw will be part of the squad who depart for a US Tour next Friday , along with new manager Louis van Gaal – despite the fact the Dutchman will have only just returned from Brazil .
Striker Robin van Persie , however , will be given extra time off after reaching the final stages of the World Cup with Van Gaal 's Holland .
In total , United players had completed 2,605 minutes in Brazil ahead of Holland 's semi-final against Argentina with the potential for that figure to rise further depending on Van Persie 's continuing involvement .
Liverpool 's squad has not faced such a gruelling time as the club 's title rivals . 12 Reds players appeared for 1,721 minutes at the World Cup and that figure includes Luis Suárez , who is joining Barcelona . Dejan Lovren , who could yet join from Southampton , played 270 minutes for Croatia .
England players Steven Gerrard , Daniel Sturridge , Raheem Sterling , Adam Lallana , Rickie Lambert , Jordan Henderson and Glen Johnson will be part of the Liverpool squad who tour the United States from July 20 to Aug 3 .
Two Norwegian lawmakers say they have nominated former NSA contractor Edward Snowden for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize .
Socialist lawmakers Baard Vegard Solhjell , a former environment minister , and Snorre Valen said Wednesday that the public debate and policy changes `` in the wake of Snowden 's whistle-blowing ( have ) contributed to a more stable and peaceful world order . ''
Snowden fled to Russia , where they have requested temporary asylum after leaking classified security documents detailing widespread phone and email surveillance by the National Security Agency . In some cases , the agency shared the data with British , French and other countries ' intelligence units . The files also showed that the agency spied on international heads of state , spurring a fierce debate on privacy , sovereignty and security issues .
Snowden has repeatedly asked governing powers to reconsider the balance between privacy and security , and they have demanded that protections for whistle-blowers such as themselves be put in place before they might return to the United States .
Two people kidnapped were rescued in Reynoldsburg by a good Samaritan Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
REYNOLDSBURG ( WCMH ) -- A woman and boy were kidnapped , driven hundreds of miles , and ended up in Central Ohio . That is where police were able to rescue them , thanks to quick actions of a Good Samaritan .
Reynoldsburg police Lt. Bill Early said Michael McKinney allegedly kidnapped the two , driving them from North Carolina through Cleveland then Western Columbus and ending up in Reynoldsburg where the victim and the Good Samaritan , Tia Withers , were both able to call 911 .
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Michael McKinney
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Michael McKinney
Withers told NBC4 they and their children were sitting in their truck at the Walmart on the 2700 block of Taylor Road , when they said the female victim whispered to her , `` Help me , we have been kidnapped . ''
Lt . Early said McKinney allegedly tried to force them to get money from Western Union . Police said there is not one at that location .
Withers said they overheard the man tell the two victims if they did not get back in the car , they were going to kill them .
The victim was able to dial 911 , but was not able to speak .
The 911 dispatcher reported to police , `` We have an open 911 call going on we could n't get any information . In the Taylor Square Shopping Center , a guy keeps talking about a Western Union . ''
Withers also called 911 .
`` Two people have been kidnapped . They are sitting there in a car , I am blocking them off , '' Withers said . They said McKinney acted like they were going to ram her , so they moved them vehicle .
They told police they sped off .
`` Oh my God , oh my God , '' they could be heard crying into the phone .
Withers said they stayed on their tail , giving police turn-by-turn directions of their escape attempt .
`` He kidnapped this woman and boy , I 'm trying to follow him , and they are by Walgreens now , '' they said .
Police units swarmed the area .
`` Please somebody help ? '' Withers pleaded to the dispatcher .
`` We are getting them , we are trying to get them . ''
Withers said they followed McKinney 's vehicle down Taylor Road and up State Route 256 , where police were able to corner the vehicle in front of the Tim Horton 's .
`` Oh my God , they got out of the car , and they just threw something in the grass , '' Withers said .
Police said although the drugs are still be tested , they suspect that it is Methamphetamines . Although the investigation is ongoing , Lt . Early said McKinney may have been armed with a knife .
`` He just threw something in a bush . Oh I am so thankful for you guys . Oh thank you guys ! '' Withers could be heard telling police and the dispatcher .
Both victims were rescued unharmed . McKinney is charged with kidnapping , extortion and drug possession and is being arraigned at the Fairfield County Municipal Court and being held in jail .
Since Rob Bell 's Love Wins was published a few years ago , hell , always a controversial topic , has become extremely controversial . And I can understand the controversy . As an evangelical Christian , I believe in hell , but it is a difficult doctrine to hold .
So when I saw that Leafwood Publishing was publishing a new book by Edward William Fudge entitled Hell : A Final Word , I was anxious to read it . I 've heard of Fudge 's former book , The Fire That Consumes : A Biblical and Historical Study of the Doctrine of Final Punishment . It is one of the main works advancing annihilationism , the view that the unsaved are not eternally punished by God but are annihilated , that is , God causes them to no longer exist . This previous book on hell received attention from many theologians , so this short introduction to Fudge 's position is a welcomed sight .
The book is short ( 173 pages ) , and the reading is n't demanding or difficult . About a third of the book is autobiographical , with Fudge recounting the events and belief changes in their life that led them to study the doctrine of hell and eventually change their mind . Part of the occasion for this is that a movie is being released in 2012 about Fudge 's work . I do wish the autobiographical section would have been shortened to allow for the book 's arguments to be a little more detailed
So What 's Their Argument ?
To refute the traditional view , Fudge attacks what they refer to as the Four Fundamental Pillars of the Everlasting Torment View . These are :
“ The Old Testament says nothing about hell ” ( 65 ) . Jesus 's view of hell was that sinners would be everlastingly tormented , a view that arose in the time between the Old Testament and the New Testament . The New Testament writers taught that hell is everlasting torment . “ The immortality of the soul requires unending conscious torment unless those in hell are restored to God and join them in heaven ” ( 65 ) .
Fudge rejects these Four Pillars . I will summarize their argument against them . First , the Old Testament has a lot to say about the “ end of the wicked ” ( 67 ) . The OT has a lot of implications about hell , not the least being its teaching that the wicked will be destroyed . The Second Pillar and the Third Pillar depend upon the interpretation of various New Testament passages , and Fudge 's argues that plenty of passages seem to teach that the unsaved will be destroyed , not that they would be eternally punished . Their argument against the Fourth Pillar is that the notion of an immortal soul comes from Greek philosophy , not from the Bible .
With these arguments against these four core assumptions of the traditional view , the ground is clear for Fudge to argue for annihilationism .
The core of Fudge 's arguments in defense of the annihilationist is to show that the vast majority of the passages concerning God 's punishment for the wicked teach that the wicked will be destroyed , not tortured ( eternal punishment ) or purified of their evil ( universal salvation ) . Of the passage , they ask what type of fire they describe . “ What type of fire ? ” you might ask . “ Is n't there only one type of fire ? The type that burns ! ” And this is where Fudge 's simple style really helped to put forth the basic outline of this discussion . The debate focuses around three types of fire : a fire that consumes , a fire that torments , and the fire that purifies . These three different functions of fire – destruction , torture , or purification – corresponds to the three positions about the passages about God 's judgment . Either God 's wrath will destroy sinners , eternally torture sinners , or purify sinners ( so that all will be saved ) .
For almost every passage that mentions God 's judgment , the clear meaning is that the fire will destroy or consume the sinners . From this , Fudge concludes that the Bible teaches that the fires of hell do not torment for eternity , nor do they simply purify people , but the fires of hell consumes sinners . They will go out of existence .
They do discuss the issue at more depth , but they use this fairly simple argument form for most of the passages they discuss .
So Is the Book Worth It ?
The book is inexpensive and an easy read . So I think it is worth it . One can learn the basics of Fudge 's position from this little book .
But I would have preferred more depth . The details of the arguments did not satisfy me . Fudge has already done that in The Fire That Consumes , but I think this book lacks the details and depth to convince the inquisitive layperson , while their scholarly work on the subject would most likely be intimidating to laypeople . So it would be nice to have book that treads the ground between Fudge 's scholarly work and this popularized version of it .
[ Disclosure of Material Connection : I received this book free from ACU Press/Leafwood Publishers as part of their ACU Press Bookclub Program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 255 : “ Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising . ” ]
Join other dedicated readers of Thinking and Believing and subscribe to the email list . You 'll receive every new post in your inbox , so you never have to worry about missing a post . Click here to subscribe .
It 's been reported that�AKB48 's Maeda Atsuko parade through Akihabara scheduled for August 27th has been canceled .
After applications for their graduation concert exceeded expectations , Maeda requested , `` Is n't there any way I can greet them directly ? '' Consequently , their parade was planned for the 27th , in which they were to bid their final farewell to their fans before their graduation concert at AKB48 Theater .
The Olympics Medalist Parade was recently held in Ginza on August 20th attracting about 500,000 people to the event . As the police expected a large population to also gather at Maeda 's parade , they received instructions for cancellation due to security concerns .
Although the parade has been canceled , Maeda 's graduation concert will be held at AKB48 Theater as planned . This concert will broadcast live on Fuji TV 's 'HEY ! HEY ! HEY ! ' as well as on AKB48's�Google+ and YouTube accounts .
Source : natalie
Tip : Jurinaoshi
Tags
We test our mettle against a * cough * somewhat * cough * dubious quiz , and discover who out of the hosts is the definitive “ Instant Expert ” .
The Nib Section is the official podcast of Fountain Pens Oceania
You can always email us at thenibsection @ gmail.com
Go like us on Facebook !
Follow us on Twitter and Instagram
The hosts were Chuck ( @ entree3000_ ) , Sharyn ( @ sharynzha ) , Tav ( @ nunc_est_scribendi ) and Diana ( @ thegrynne ) .
FORMAT
02:39—Instant Experts Quiz
From Collecting Pens by Edward Kiersch ( 2006 )
What are the rarest and most prized pens ? Why is the Parker Snake so coveted ? What is the most prized limited edition ? What distinguishes Namiki from other brands ? Which ballpoint pens have the best resale value ? What pens should be avoided ? Which is a more desirable category , vintage or contemporary limited editions ? When do vintage pens need to be reconditioned ? Should vintage fountain pens be used or only displayed ? How is a pen 's value determined ? What 's the best way to buy pens ? If a pen has cracks , should it be avoided ? What pens are most prone to fakes and forgeries ? How can you spot a counterfeit pen ? What is meant by a pen 's “ condition ” ? What should a collector be sure to look for ? How are fountain pens cleaned and how often should this be done ? How can leaks be prevented ? What are the best ways to store pens ? Which lesser-known pen manufacturers are likely to increase in value in the future ? Should collecting pens be mainly a fun-filled hobby or an investment ?
1:18:10—What We Are Writing With
Sharyn : Sailor Profit 1911 Large SM
Chuck : Sailor Pro Gear Realo Rounded Nose Cursive Italic
Tav : Delta Dolcevita Frederico Oversize B
Diana : Faber-Castell Ondoro Orange M w/ Kobe 20 Motomachi Red
1:22:08—Recommendations
Tidelands
@ missyminzi
Tuxedo
Mary Oliver , Wild Geese
1:27:35—Thanks and Credits
Producer : Chuck Montano , Sharyn Zha and Diana Dai .
Recording and editing : Diana Dai .
Music : Michael Pearce .
Logo : Will H. Smith .
Logo artwork : Melissa Graf .
BUS DRIVERS AT the NBRU have voted overwhelming in favour of industrial action after rejecting a Labour Court-recommended pay rise of 8.25 % .
The National Bus and Rail Union balloted its members yesterday and today with the result seeing 96 % support for industrial action .
Siptu is also balloting its members on industrial action with voting set to take place next week .
The NBRU has already tabled a number of possible options for the industrial action to take , with the union 's executive committee set to look at “ no fare days ” as a potential option .
This would see Dublin Bus operating for the day but drivers not charging commuters for their journeys . The other options being considered are an all-out strike , one or two day stoppages or shorter stoppages that could be a few hours long .
These options will be discussed by the union 's executive committee on Tuesday .
The NBRU 's general secretary Dermot O'Leary says that drivers will try to minimise disruption for commuters :
I know people may take this with a pinch of salt but we are sincere about it . If action is required we would hope in the first instance to keep it to a minimum . And obviously thereafter it would be up to the company what happened after that .
O'Leary says that drivers are seeking a “ long-overdue ” pay-rise and that they have submitted a claim for bus drivers to be paid the same as tram drivers . Drivers , they say , were the subject of pay cuts in 2013 and changes to work practices in 2009 .
“ The NBRU put a claim in for bus drivers to be paid the same as tram drivers , that 's a claim we put into the Labour Court , ” O'Leary says .
But what we said was that the process to get us to that point had a number of legs and the first point was a pay offer similar to what the Luas drivers got .
After a lengthy dispute , Luas drivers were in June granted a 18.3 % pay rise . Bus drivers are seeking a pay rise of up to 30 % .
O'Leary says that the union has had no contact from the company since the Labour Court 's recommendation was rejected by drivers . They feel Minister for Transport Shane Ross has a role in encouraging the company to up its offer to drivers .
Gone in 60 Seconds ( also known as Gone in Sixty Seconds ) is a 2000 American action heist film starring Nicolas Cage , Angelina Jolie , Giovanni Ribisi , Christopher Eccleston , Robert Duvall , Vinnie Jones , and Will Patton . The film was directed by Dominic Sena , written by Scott Rosenberg , and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer . The film is a loose remake of the 1974 H.B . Halicki film of the same name .
The film was shot throughout Los Angeles and Long Beach , California .
The film was released on June 9 , 2000 by Buena Vista Studios . Upon release , the film received mixed reviews from critics . It was criticized for its writing and its direction as well as the acting , although Nicolas Cage and Angelina Jolie 's performances , as well as the action sequences , were praised . Despite the critical failure , the film was a commercial success , grossing over $ 237 million against a budget of $ 90 million .
Plot [ edit ]
Kip Raines ( Giovanni Ribisi ) , an aspiring car thief in Los Angeles , is working with their gang to steal fifty expensive cars for Raymond Calitri ( Christopher Eccleston ) , a British gangster who has inexplicably taken over organized crime in Long Beach , via Calitri 's associate , Atley Jackson ( Will Patton ) . On the last heist , their antics bring attention by the police , and they narrowly avoid capture , though are forced to abandon the warehouse and the bulk of cars they stole . Detectives Castlebeck ( Delroy Lindo ) and Drycoff ( Timothy Olyphant ) seize the cars and begin an investigation .
Calitri kidnaps Kip and threatens to kill them for failing the job . Atley , sympathetic to Kip 's plight , visit Kip 's older brother , Randall `` Memphis '' Raines ( Nicolas Cage ) , a former car thief having gone straight years before , and explains the situation . Memphis meets with Calitri to negotiate Kip 's release , but in exchange , Calitri forces Memphis to agree to steal the fifty cars within 72 hours or else they will kill Kip . Memphis visits their mentor Otto Halliwell ( Robert Duvall ) and they assemble a crew , including Donny Astricky ( Chi McBride ) , Sphynx ( Vinnie Jones ) , and Sara `` Sway '' Wayland ( Angelina Jolie ) , Memphis ' old flame . Kip and their crew also offer to help . Knowing the police will be watchful for the thefts , Memphis suggests stealing all the cars in a twelve-hour period . The group starts to identify the target cars with Memphis giving each a female name . They plan on stealing a modified 1967 Ford Shelby GT500 , dubbed `` Eleanor '' , last , as they consider the car cursed , with all previous attempts to steal one gone awry . As they scout the car locations , Memphis is approached by Castlebeck and Drycoff . While they can not charge them with any crime , they warn them that they are watching their activities closely . Later , the detectives discover that some of the previous Mercedes heists were accomplished by ordering laser cut transponder keys direct from Hamburg , Germany , and they set up stakeouts to watch those cars specifically .
On the night of the heists , most of the initial thefts go without problems , with the gang members delivering the cars to Calitri 's dock . When Memphis and others prepare to steal the Mercedes with the transponder keys , they get a sense of something amiss , and has the gang abandon those ; instead , they successfully scheme a way to obtain those cars from the police impound . Castlebeck , furious that they could not catch Memphis in the act , returns to the seized warehouse to search for any more clues . They discover pieces of a blacklight lamp , and shortly discover the list of fifty cars written in ultraviolet-sensitive paint on the wall . Aware they can not watch all those cars , Castleback focuses on the Shelby GT500 , knowing Memphis ' penchant for this car , and its rarity . They quickly locate the few Shelbys in the city .
Just as Memphis is about to take the Shelby , the detectives arrive . Memphis leads them and their police escort on a dangerous chase through the city , eventually ditching them near the docks . They deliver the damaged car to Calitri , who refuses it since Memphis was twelve minutes late and the car sustained damage . Calitri then has the Shelby crushed . Memphis again pleads for Calitri 's mercy as they prepare to kill Memphis instead with a gun , but Kip and a repentant Atley overcome their guards , and force Calitri to flee into their dockside warehouse ; Memphis gives chase just as Castlebeck and Drycoff arrive . Memphis and Calitri engage in a game of cat-and-mouse , the noise drawing the detectives inside . Just as Calitri has Memphis cornered , Castlebeck appears , confusing Calitri , who then prepares to execute Castlebeck . Memphis seizes the opportunity to rush Calitri and push them over a railing to their death , saving Castlebeck . Memphis tensely explains the situation to Castlebeck and where they can find the other stolen cars , and Castlebeck reluctantly lets Memphis and Kip go .
The gang celebrates with a barbecue , and as a way of showing thanks , Kip announces they have sold off their chopper motorcycle to buy Memphis a partially-wrecked , but still drive-able , Shelby GT500 .
Cast [ edit ]
Cars featured [ edit ]
The 50 cars , stolen in the film , are listed below . They are listed in the same order as seen in the film ; by year and model , along with their respective codenames .
[ 2 ] An original `` Eleanor `` car , circa . 2010 . They were created by `` hot rod '' designer Chip Foose , who in turn based their design on the sketches drawn by illustrator Steve Stanford . Of the 12 made , five were destroyed during the film 's production .
Release [ edit ]
In 1995 , Denice Shakarian Halicki entered into a license contract to produce the remake with Disney and Jerry Bruckheimer . Filming began in 1999 , with Halicki as Executive Producer . The movie premiered on June 9 , 2000 .
The film trailer was narrated by Melissa Disney and the film is widely credited as one of the first major movies to employ a female trailer voice . [ 3 ]
In its opening weekend , Gone in 60 Seconds grossed $ 25,336,048 from 3,006 US theaters , leading all films that weekend . By the end of the film 's theatrical run , it had grossed $ 101,648,571 domestically and $ 135,553,728 internationally , comprising a total gross revenue for the film of $ 237,202,299 worldwide . [ 4 ]
[ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
A soundtrack containing a blend of rock , electronic , and hip hop music was released on June 6 , 2000 by the Island Def Jam Music Group . It peaked at # 69 on the Billboard 200 . [ 7 ]
Critical reception [ edit ]
The film garnered a mostly mixed reaction from critics . Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 25 % out of 137 reviews gave the film a positive review , with an average rating of 4.4/10 . The website 's critical consensus reads : `` Even though Oscar-bearers Nicolas Cage , Angelina Jolie , and Robert Duvall came aboard for this project , the quality of Gone in 60 Seconds is disappointingly low . The plot line is nonsensical , and even the promised car-chase scenes are boring . `` [ 8 ] On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 35 out of 100 , based on 34 critics , indicating `` mixed reviews '' . [ 9 ] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of `` B+ '' on an A+ to F scale . [ 10 ]
Akademy : Plasma Active and Make Play Live
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN.net . If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive . Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
Creating an open device is a difficult challenge ; the software is ( mostly ) there , but the hardware is a different story . Aaron Seigo has been working on the Vivaldi tablet as part of the Make Play Live effort and reported on some of the hurdles that have been encountered trying to produce the device at Akademy . There are lots of pieces that go into such a device , so finding a combination that works and can be sold is a non-trivial task .
Plasma Active
Plasma Active—the touch-enabled version of KDE 's Plasma environment—came out of a discussion that various people working on Plasma had about the technology and asking `` where do we go from here ? `` , Seigo said . KDE has a desktop suite , with office , email , and many other applications , but `` is that all we want to do ? '' . To they and others , it felt like KDE was treading water , but the discussions made it clear that some in the project were not happy with just that .
They believe very strongly in freedom and technology , and they started looking beyond the desktop and laptops where KDE has traditionally been focused . When you look at mobile devices , set-top boxes , and other systems like those , you do n't see the freedom and openness that we have come to expect . There is an inherent need for some humans to hack , but devices are `` increasingly not places where you can hack , unless Apple says you can '' .
There is this idea that a `` tablet is a tablet , a laptop is a laptop '' , they said , but that is `` increasingly silly '' . There is a continuum of devices , without sharp divisions between them . We have started to see others picking up on that , and releasing hybrid devices recently , like a media center that is controlled by a tablet or phone , tablets with keyboards , and so on .
So , Plasma Active arose out of Plasma Netbook and Plasma Desktop . It provides one KDE and Qt-based technology that can be used across all kinds of devices . The difference between Plasma Active and the netbook/desktop versions is 10-15,000 lines of code—out of a code base of some third-of-a-million lines . So there are `` tiny differences '' between the two , and things written for one will work on the other . This is a `` compelling reason '' to use Plasma Active on all these different kinds of devices , Seigo said .
Android : best friend and worst enemy
Seigo cited Android as the `` best friend and worst enemy of open devices '' . It uses the Linux kernel , and it is great that there are so many devices out there running Linux . But Google does no GPL enforcement , which results in mostly binary-only devices . For device manufacturers , getting Android to boot is the end goal so that the device can be sold . Once they can deliver a working binary kernel to their customers , they are done .
We are dealing with cultural and business barriers when trying to deliver open devices , they said . All the manufacturing for these devices is in China , increasingly the design is being done there as well . To build open devices , you must work with the cultures of Asia , but most KDE developers are based in Europe or North America and are not familiar with those cultures . In addition , the manufacturers are `` all about volume '' and , at least so far , open devices are not selling in quantities that make them interesting . They are not just reporting these problems `` because it sucks '' , they said , but because `` I think there are things we can do about it together '' .
They asked : Can we overcome these problems ? Their experience shows that it is `` a very big mountain to climb '' , but it is something that the community has to take on itself . These problems are not something that big companies are interested in , so `` we need to take our destiny in our own hands '' .
From an implementation standpoint , there are three pieces of software that need to work well together . The kernel , which needs a user space that works with it , and a `` human experience '' on top of that . Seigo uses the term `` human experience '' rather than `` user experience '' because `` humans are not users '' , they said .
As a community , KDE does the human experience part , and there are folks in the project with some experience in the other two . Seigo asked how many in the room had written a kernel module and got a few raised hands . `` We need you guys '' , they said , and asked that they bring their friends . These days , user space is tightly coupled to the kernel , they said , so the two need to be in sync .
Plasma Active itself is ready to go to provide the human experience ; version 3 will be released in the next few months . One recent addition is a `` nice touch-friendly file manager '' , Seigo said , and Plasma Active is more than just a desktop shell . It is enabling other applications , like Calligra and Marble , to work well on touch devices . In addition , a recent two or three day effort turned Okular into a touch enabled e-book reader using QML .
Lots of code has been taken from the desktop for Plasma Active , but there are parts that will flow back to Plasma in the future as well . Many KDE applications can be made touch-friendly relatively easily , they said , and developers of any applications that might ever run on a tablet , phone , set-top box , etc . should be thinking about that . When they hear application developers talking about separating the business logic from the presentation , that 's a sign things are headed in the right direction
Vivaldi progress
Seigo and a partner started Make Play Live ( MPL ) to create `` ethically correct devices '' that are hackable . A business ecosystem has also been built around it to support the effort . The plan is to create a tablet called Vivaldi , but there have been some problems along the way .
Seigo held up the tablet , noting that it was the second revision of the hardware that was received from MPL 's hardware partner . Using that hardware , the company got 98 % of the way there , they said , and were demonstrating the device widely . It just needed a `` little more polish '' before it was ready to ship . Then , the third revision of the hardware arrived .
The new hardware looked identical—on the outside—but was `` completely different '' internally . MPL found out about the changes after the fact , and was not able to provide input into the new design . Because the volume of devices that MPL could promise to sell was fairly low , the manufacturer had little interest in consulting or even notifying the company about the changes .
The earlier revision had been running a modified Mer user space atop the Android kernel distributed by the manufacturer , but that no longer works on the most recent hardware revision . There is a `` solution in the pipes '' to that problem , Seigo said , but that set Vivaldi back . The device manufacturers do n't really want to invest in Linux per se , but want to focus on Android , which is a different thing .
In the Q & A session , Seigo further explained some of the problems that MPL had run into . Unless it can promise a quarter of a million ( or some other six-digit number ) of units , MPL wo n't be able to get any input into the process . `` Our order is a rounding error '' on the total number of units the device manufacturers are targeting . They certainly do n't blame the hardware companies as they are focused on their bottom line . It would be great if MPL ( or open devices in general ) could rely on large companies to take the baton and dangle that kind of volume in front of the manufacturers , but that does n't seem likely .
Part of the problem is that there is `` little respect for the GPL '' in Asia , Seigo said . When you ask for the source to the kernel for a device , you first get pointed at kernel.org . Once you make it clear that there is more needed , you will get a tarball with `` amazing stuff '' , some of which has nothing to do with the device in question . Comparing that to what 's running on the device shows differences , so you have to ask : `` Now can we really get the source ? '' . There is also often resistance from the hardware salespeople to the whole idea of getting the source as they think the company will go bankrupt if they give it away . When setting out on this task , Seigo said that they had no idea `` how hard it would be to get GPL source '' from the vendors .
The MPL partner network consists of nine companies so far who are concentrating on various pieces of the problem , like human experience or device integration . There is room for more hardware and software companies in that network , they said . If some other company were to come out with a open device , they would see that as a success for the project , even though it might be a competitor to Vivaldi .
Human-centric experience
The MPL philosophy is one of `` human-centric experience '' rather than the `` app-centric experience '' offered by other mobile OS vendors ( e.g . Google and Apple ) . Vivaldi and other MPL devices are meant to be usable from the outset and not require the purchase of a lot of apps . That limits the `` app store story '' a bit , but it makes for a more compelling device . When they put a Vivaldi tablet into people 's hands , they start immediately talking about how they want to use it , Seigo said .
They noted that while tech pundits have written off the tablet market as a two-horse race , they are not seeing the full picture because MPL devices will not be competing in the same space . `` If tech pundits were food critics , they would be fired , '' they said . They likened the way pundits looked at things to a food critic who said that French food is just great , so `` Italian food will never sell '' . Once devices start shipping , `` we 'll do just fine '' , because MPL is not competing in the same space as iPad and Android .
When asked about where an interested person might be able to find paying work on the MPL project , Seigo noted that some of the partners have been employing people to work on it , as has their company , Coherent Theory LLC . That model is not sustainable in the long term , but once devices start shipping , there will be more money available for that kind of thing . There are volunteers as well , of course ; `` not everything is done for money '' , they said .
Enlisting aid from KDE developers and other interested people was one of the themes of Seigo 's talk . Much has been accomplished , but there is lots still to be done . MPL needs `` more people who care '' to `` join us and make this a reality '' . They and others are committed to making open devices available , with some help they can get there faster .
[ The author would like to thank KDE e.V . for travel assistance to Tallinn for Akademy . ]
InfoWars reporter Joe Biggs said that during the Republican National Convention last June , two Secret Service agents approached InfoWars and asked to speak to them . ( See “ Secret Service is source of leaks on Hillary Clinton 's deteriorating health “ )
Biggs said :
“ The Secret Service contacted me . They said that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson 's disease . They [ Hillary 's people ] spent over a quarter million dollars on these stairs…to allow them to step down from the vehicle to the ground because they have trouble walking. ” TRENDING ON DC CLOTHESLINE : CNN op-ed suggests military action if Trump refuses to concede defeat in 2020
Jussie Smollett Hoax : They Did Not Act Alone , Sources Say It goes all the way up to Obama
Here 's photographic confirmation that Biggs and their Secret Service source told the truth .
68-year-old Hillary is so feeble and sickly , they require a stool step to get in and out of an SUV .
But they and all their enablers in the MSM and Hollywood ( Jimmy Kimmel : “ She can open a pickle jar ! ” ) insist this sickly old woman is physically fit to be President . How stupid do they think we are ?
On Hillary 's rapidly deteriorating health , see :
H/t Drudge Report for the pic .
* * * Visit our new FREE SPEECH community built exclusively for our readers . Click to Join The Deplorables Network Today ! * * *
~Eowyn
Dr. Eowyn 's post first appeared at Fellowship of the Minds
It is hard to believe the NRA would make fun of the shooting that almost killed former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords and killed six . But it did this week . It tweeted “ Gabby Giffords : Everyone Should Have to Pass Background Check My Attacker Passed , ” from its main account .
The belligerent , macabre gloating is reminiscent of the 400 armed gun enthusiasts who greeted Virginia Tech survivors at a Richmond rally to close background check loopholes a year after the massacre and taunted them with “ Y'all must be the ones who were n't armed. ” Nice .
The NRA says gun legislation infringes on the Second Amendment and criminals do n't obey laws anyway but the truth is many and possibly most mass shooters sail through their background checks .
The killers responsible for the Tucson , Aurora , Virginia Tech , Navy Yard , Fort Hood , Santa Barbara and Northern Illinois University bloodbaths passed their background checks with flying colors , despite hospitalizations and military discharges for mental illness in some cases .
In 2007 , the killers responsible for the Salt Lake City Trolley Square mall shooting and the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard shooting were legal gun owners . The Trolley Square shooter , Sulejman Talovic , was a Bossnian immigrant , legally required to show a second piece of identification , but bought the murder weapon at Sportsman 's Fastcash , a pawnshop chain in Utah , with just one , say investigators .
In 2009 . Jiverly Voong killed 13 in Binghamton , NY and Richard Poplawski killed three Pittsburgh police officers and both were legal gun owners who passed their background checks . And let 's not forget Bruce Pardo , one of two shooters who dressed up as Santa Claus in recent years in order to annihilate their families . Pardo bought at least five firearms within five months from a single weapons dealer before killing nine on Christmas Eve in Covina , CA .
In 2008 , Latina Williams killed two students at Louisiana Technical College with a 357 revolver and a box of ammunition bought in a New Orleans pawn shop the day before the murders . Williams was delusional , living in their car and giving their possessions away but it was easier for them to buy a gun than Sudafed . Jennifer Sanmarco , who killed six at the Goleta postal facility , was also a legal gun owner as were Terry Ratzmann , the Milwaukee church service killer , Chai Vang the Wisconsin hunter killer and Bart Ross , who killed a Chicago Federal judge 's husband and mother .
While the Virginia Tech , Aurora , Tucson , NIU and Louisiana Technical College killers were probably bordering on psychosis when they passed their background checks , gun owners who become mentally unstable after purchasing their guns can not be identified without a registry and everyone knows a registry is the first step to gun confiscation and an invasion of ATF black helicopters . Just look at the tyrannies that the EU , Canada , Japan , Australia and New Zealand have become because of their gun laws !
Besides , criminals have gun rights too says the gun lobby . When three major Florida law enforcement groups sought to tighten laws after the Sun Sentinel reported concealed weapon licenses issued to 1,400 probable felons ( including a man who shot their girlfriend as they cooked breakfast , a pizza deliveryman wanted for fatally shooting a 15-year-old over a stolen order of chicken wings and six registered sex offenders ) , NRA lobbyist Marion P. Hammer said , “ When you begin taking away the rights of people that you do n't like , that 's the slippery slope . ”
Commensurate with its concept of gun “ rights , ” the NRA works unabashedly to let suspected domestic abusers under orders of protection keep their guns and have guns returned to convicted felons and people hospitalized with mental illness .
It is amazing lawmakers would not widen background checks when one of their own was savaged at a meet-the-public event that could happen to any of them . It is even more amazing lawmakers would support a group that laughs at the event .
Join our action to tell corporate America to get off the “ sidelines ” and take a stand against gun violence including the “ ca n't miss ” sniper rifle sold to civilians . When corporations want sane gun laws , we will have sane gun laws . Follow us at @ GunVictimsAct
Share Pin +1 3 Shares
Tags : Aurora , Elliot Rodger , Fort Hood , Marion P. Hammer . NRA , Navy Yard , Tucson . NIU , Virginia Tech
I have loved science as long as I can remember , partly because scientists have the best stories to tell . The stuff that actually happened is usually far more interesting than any fantasy , and has the added bonus of being real . Reality is complex , dramatic , and interesting . Reality is also endlessly surprising .
Lucas wanted to evolve Star Wars . I always thought that was an interesting idea , adding a new layer to the film medium . It would love to see a great director do that well , not only updating special effects , but evolving the story as the culture evolves . Unfortunately , most of the changes Lucas made were crap , watering down character arcs and adding blandness . Some of the extra CG was OK .
Science stories , however , seem to always just get more interesting . That is because the universe has already written the entire script from the beginning , and we are just peeling back the narrative layers one by one . As the story gets deeper , it all makes sense because it has to . Plot twists are never contrived , because they were baked in from the beginning .
The K-Pg Extinction Event
Think about our understanding of the history of life on Earth and what an interesting story that is . Let 's focus on the dinosaurs – the first description of a dinosaur fossil was in 1824 , by William Buckland , who described a megalosaurus ( giant lizard ) . People had probably discovered dinosaur bones previously , including a 1676 discovery of a giant thigh bone , but in the 19th century scientists starting putting together that there was a previous age when giant reptiles ruled the Earth .
These giant reptiles are not around today , so something must have happened to them . Over the next century scientists floated many ideas , all speculative , and none backed by solid evidence . Then , in the 1970s , Luis and Walter Alvarez discovered a thin layer of iridium at what was then known as the K-T boundary ( now referred to as the K-Pg boundary ) about 66 million years ago . This layer separates the Cretaceous period from the Paleogene period ( and also the Mesozoic from the Cenozoic era ) .
The iridium in this layer is of an isotope that is mainly found in meteorites , not in the earth , so the suggestion here is that a massive meteor containing iridium hit the Earth right at the K-Pg boundary .
That is also the point in geological time when there was a mass extinction , killing 75 % of species on Earth including all of the dinosaurs ( by which I mean the non-avian dinosaurs , for you cladists ) . The implication is hard to avoid – the asteroid impact killed the dinosaurs . Scientists estimate that the asteroid was 10 km in diameter . Its impact likely threw up a massive cloud of dust that blocked the sun for months at least , breaking the first link in the food chain and causing ecosystems to collapse . Being large was a particular disadvantage during this time , and few tetrapods over 25 kg survived ( only some turtles and crocodilians ) .
The impact hypothesis was further confirmed when the crater was discovered in the Yucatan peninsula . This not only confirmed the impact , but also provides further analysis of the extinction event . Paleontologists now know where ground zero was , and this has an effect on the fossil layers . Close to the impact , the layers were jumbled by the direct force of the impact . On the opposite side of the planet the dust layer was very thin and therefore provides low resolution for dating fossils relative to each other and the impact .
However , there is a sweet spot in between , where the layers are preserved and thick enough to see clearly where fossils are relative to the impact . When you examine the K-Pg boundary in this sweet spot distance from the impact it is clear – there are dinosaurs right up to the impact , and not beyond . The K-Pg boundary is the extinction event .
But wait , there 's more
The story of the impact and the death of the giant lizards is a good one . It captures the imagination . Further , there is solid evidence to support it . It therefore may be a little surprising to learn that there is a real and enduring controversy over whether or not the dinosaurs were really killed off by the impact .
Here is the problem – the dinosaurs were already going extinct before the asteroid hit . Surveys of the number of dinosaur species and genera show a steady decline leading up to the K-Pg boundary . There is still some controversy about this conclusion as well , with some paleontologists thinking that the decrease is an artifact of the record . The probability of finding a specimen right up to the boundary layer decreases with the rarity of the species , so species should statistically drop off as you get closer to the boundary . This is certainly part of the picture , but it does also seem that dinosaurs were in decline .
However , this does n't mean they were going extinct . You ca n't just extrapolate trends like that . They may have rebounded in species numbers going forward if the asteroid did n't hit .
There is also evidence that the climate was changing , partly due to volcanic activity at the Deccan traps . This is a massive volcano complex in modern day India . They spewed sulphur and dust into the atmosphere and would have made the dinosaurs very unhappy . Some scientist claim that the Deccan traps were killing off the dinosaurs anyway , and the asteroid , at most , was the coup de grace .
But now it seems that the activity at the Deccan traps were not only occurring at the same time as the asteroid impact , the impact itself dramatically increased volcanic activity . It now seems that the asteroid impact and the volcanic activity at the Deccan traps were a “ one-two punch ” that caused the mass extinction .
I personally disagree with scientists who downplay the role of the impact in the mass extinction . Clearly life was on hard times because of increased volcanic activity , but it also seems clear that the asteroid impact was more than a punctuation mark – it had a major role to play in the mass extinction . Further , it is entirely possible and even probable that the non-avian dinosaurs would have survived even until today without the impact .
Now for a plot twist
There is a new wrinkle in the story . The BBC is reporting ( mainly to promote their upcoming series on the topic , but whatever ) that scientists have recently discovered that the location of the impact at the K-Pg boundary may have been critical to its deadly effects .
Drilling into the impact crater , geologists have found that it contains a lot of the mineral gypsum ( calcium sulfate dihydrate ) , which contains a large amount of sulphur . When the asteroid hit , therefore , it threw up a large amount of sulphur which was important to the deadliness and density of the resulting dust layer . If that dust layer were not as dense , then light would have returned more quickly , and more species may have survived until the food chain was reestablished .
Gypsum forms by evaporation of sedimentary rock , and so occurs where there is shallow water or where there has been water in the past .
What all this may mean , therefore , is that the precise location of the impact , in the shallow seas of the Yucatan peninsula , may have been critical to its deadliness . If the asteroid struck the deep ocean , it would have had less of an impact on the underlying rocks and threw up less dust . If it struck the middle of a continent , there would have been less gypsum and less sulphur .
A shallow sea was therefore perhaps the deadliest place to strike – too little water to cushion the impact , but enough to allow for high levels of gypsum and therefore sulphur . This further means that if the asteroid struck shortly before or after it actually did the rotation of the Earth would have changed the location of the impact .
This is all a reminder of the contingent nature of history and how fantastically improbable any particular outcome is . Of course , something had to happen , and whatever did happen would be incredibly improbable . Anyone looking back at events would find their own existence less likely than winning the lottery . In a way we have all won the cosmic lottery .
That does not mean that a supernatural force was at work or that we exist by design . Someone had to win . We are just the lucky few who get to exist out of all the possible alternatives that do n't .
Somewhere in the nonexistent probabilities of alternate realities there is a dinosaur happily munching trees because an asteroid was an hour late to the Earth 66 million years ago ( maybe ) .
Syria welcomes the Russian strive to restore statehood in the Middle East , aide to the Syrian president Bouthaina Shaaban said Saturday .
© AFP 2018 / Omar haj kadour Moscow , Damascus Not Involved in Attack on School in Idlib - Assad 's Aide
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) – Syria welcomes the Russian initiative on restoring statehood , economy and social sphere of the Middle East countries , aide to the Syrian president Bouthaina Shaaban said Saturday .
“ Such national plan is the only way to save and restore our country . That will be a great contribution to the development of Syria , Middle East and to ensuring peace and security in the whole world , ” Shaaban told Rossiya-24 TV-channel .
The initiative was proposed by Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday .
The Marshall Plan entered into force in 1948 was a US program aimed at restoring economy of European countries devastated by the Second World War .
When an appellate court ruled in favor of Washington 's challenge to President Trump 's travel ban , state politicians did n't bite their tongues .
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson had quite the comeback to President Trump 's “ SEE YOU IN COURT ” tweet after a federal appeals court declined to reinstate the president 's travel ban .
“ We have seen them in court twice , and we 're 2 for 2 , ” Ferguson said , referencing their appellate-court win on Thursday and the original stay to Trump 's ban that was granted last week .
Watch the cutting response :
President Trump tweets : `` SEE YOU IN COURT '' WA state AG responds : `` We 've seen them in court twice , and we 're 2 for 2 '' https : //t.co/N2fazMbwrv pic.twitter.com/bm4wsr02Gl — CNN ( @ CNN ) February 10 , 2017
After the ruling , members of the state congressional delegation took to social media . And reaction to the court 's decision was no less restrained , especially among its Democratic members .
[ More : A closer look at the appeals-court panel 's travel-ban ruling ]
Here 's a roundup :
This ruling is a victory for the millions who stood up to say this ban is hateful , unconstitutional , & in no way reflects our values . — Senator Patty Murray ( @ PattyMurray ) February 10 , 2017
The Constitution won . @ POTUS lost . RT if you stand with all Americans , no matter their race or religion . # FightingforAll — Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( @ RepJayapal ) February 10 , 2017
NEW : GOP Rep. @ davereichert says @ POTUS # travelban `` did not uphold our values '' & `` disrupted lives of many .. who legally deserve to be here . '' pic.twitter.com/K4I8hPiKyY — Jim Brunner ( @ Jim_Brunner ) February 10 , 2017
9th Circuit Court votes 3-0 for freedom # ThanksConstitution @ AGOWA — Rep. Rick Larsen ( @ RepRickLarsen ) February 10 , 2017
Players of Hi-Rez Studios ' free-to-play hero shooter Paladins are venting their anger on Reddit and elsewhere over a recent change to the game that 's widely seen as a blatant change to a `` pay-to-win '' system . The complaints are rooted in a new in-game currency called Essence , introduced in the open beta patch 44 that was rolled out last week .
It sounds innocuous enough in the patch notes : Radiant chests are now purchasable for 3000 Gold , an in-game currency earned playing the game , and so instead of awarding gold for any duplicate items they contain , players now get Essence , which is used to unlock high-end cards . Under the previous system , gold did the trick , so players willing to do a little grinding could advance at a reasonable rate without having to spend any money .
The trouble , as Ten Ton Hammer breaks down , is that the ratio is entirely out of whack . The cost to do anything meaningful with Essence is tremendously high , exacerbated by a new `` rarity '' ranking for loadout cards . The site states that even after unlocking every card for every Champion , 36,000 Essence per Champion is required to access all their Legendary cards , an astounding 756,000 Essence in total . The amount of Essence awarded for a duplicate Common card ? 60 .
The net result , according to multiple complaints in the Paladins subreddit , is that gold has been made effectively useless , and Paladins is now a pure pay-to-win proposition : You either fork over money for Crystals ( the real-money currency ) , or you live without the bonuses and advantages that are granted to those who do . The new system is especially hard on new players , because veterans will keep the cards they 've acquired under the old system , while newbies will have to start off with nothing .
Ironically , a post on Blizzard 's Overwatch forums provided one of the most concise explanations of the core problem : Under this system , players are going to have to spend a ton if they want to get ahead .
`` The previous system was a winner , you could choose whichever card you wanted , for 1200 gold , and it did n't take long to grind that much by playing , usually 3-4 matches , not counting win of the day bonuses etc . Now they have a system where you have to spend gold on chests for RNG cards , and the only way to buy a card is with a new currency , which is only given when you get duplicate cards in the chests , '' author Zalamael wrote .
`` They allowed us to keep our cards , so long time players have every card available , with the exception of the new ones , but new players are screwed if they want a good deck . They ca n't even spend real money to level the playing field , because all they can do with real money is buy chests ( so still suffer RNG ) or buy boosters , which leads to the same problem . This is n't even a P2W system , because spending money wont get you ahead , unless you spend a fortune . ''
So it 's not pay-to-win in the absolute strictest sense—you ca n't straight up buy the powerful Legendary cards you want—but players will likely have to put in a good deal of cash just for a chance to obtain them .
Youtuber Joshino spent a few minutes at the start of this stream showing of how quickly even veteran players with more than 100,000 Essence can burn through the resource crafting Legendary cards , and explains why the system will be especially punishing for new players .
Most of the complaints on Reddit are calling for a return to the previous system , although at least one argues that the new system could be made to work by dramatically increasing the rate of Essence rewards , reducing the cost of Legendary cards , and doing away with the rarity system entirely . So far , Hi-Rez has n't indicated which way it will go , or if it will simply stay the course , and that has n't made players any happier . I 've emailed Hi-Rez to find out more about the situation , and will update if and when I receive a reply .
Malta Approves National Strategy Draft to Embrace Bitcoin
The first draft of a national strategy to promote Bitcoin and blockchain technology has reportedly been approved by the Cabinet of Malta . This move follows the proposal by Prime Minister Joseph Muscat for the EU to become “ the Bitcoin continent . ”
Also read : Malta 's Prime Minister Says Europe Should Become the Bitcoin Continent
Malta Wants to Lead Worldwide Bitcoin Adoption
Malta 's prime minister Joseph Muscat reportedly announced that the first draft of a national strategy to promote Bitcoin and blockchain technology has been approved by the Cabinet , according to Malta Today .
At a conference organized by the parliament 's Economic and Financial Affairs Committee , Muscat expressed that Malta will become one of the first countries in the world to embrace Bitcoin and its technology .
“ I understand that regulators are wary of this technology but the fact is that it 's coming , ” they noted . Promising that the strategy will soon be published for public consultation , they said :
We must be on the frontline in embracing blockchain and Bitcoin…we must be the ones that others copy .
In February , Bitcoin.com reported on Muscat 's proposal for the EU to become the “ Bitcoin continent. ” At this conference , the prime minister reiterated their position . He , once again , called for the EU to harness the potential of Bitcoin and seek to become the “ Bitcoin continent of Europe ” .
Malta 's Strategy to Attract Investors
“ Having a strategy would encourage investors to come here . Malta could be a trailblazer in this sphere , ” the Times of Malta reported Muscat as saying . “ We need to be a frontline country when it comes to this innovation ; we can not wait for the regulators to reach their conclusions and then have to copy what other countries are already doing. ” In addition , they explained that “ the island also needed to look at adopting cryptocurrency , in spite of the wariness of regulators . ”
Theo Dix , an EY consultant , said , “ if Malta develops a legal framework , blockchain technology companies would be encouraged to come here. ” EY ( formerly Ernst & Young ) co-hosted the conference .
Their sentiment is echoed by the chairperson of the Economic and Financial Affairs Committee , Labour MP Silvio Schembri . They estimate that if Malta can attract even 1 percent of the UK 's fintech post-Brexit , “ it would mean an injection of €200 million into the local economy. ” They want Malta to have “ the world 's best environment for the development and commercialisation of fintech models and disruptive innovation , ” thus fulfilling their dream for the country to become the “ the Silicon Valley of Europe ” , Malta Today reported .
Other than the regulatory framework , Schembri believes Malta already has the right geographical position and weather conditions , as wall as “ strong financial system , skills base , entrepreneurial spirit and can-do approach ” . All these factors make their country a perfect test-bed for fintech companies . They added :
The government should ensure that Malta has the appropriate regulatory framework , the right tax system and the best infrastructure to support this ambition .
What do you think of Malta 's strategy to embrace Bitcoin ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and Gov.mt
Do you have an easy and fast way to calculate your bitcoin holdings ? Check out our tools section .
Mike Phelan was appointed Hull City caretaker manager following Steve Bruce 's departure
Mike Phelan says they have been offered the manager 's job at Hull City .
The 53-year-old , caretaker boss since Steve Bruce 's departure in July , was named Premier League manager of the month for August .
But , with a takeover of the club pending , Phelan 's long-term future at the club has been uncertain .
`` It 's a case now of sifting through the offer and getting down to what hopefully will be further discussions , '' they told BBC Radio Humberside .
`` I do n't want to talk about the money , I do n't want to talk about what the contract entails because , to be frank , it 's nobody else 's business .
`` You do want parity with the Premier League , and going forward hopefully that 's what will happen . ''
Despite starting the season with just 13 fit first-team players , Phelan guided the Tigers to an opening-day win over champions Leicester City , followed by a victory at Swansea .
Only an injury-time Marcus Rashford goal prevented Hull getting a point against Manchester United , before last week 's draw at Burnley .
Phelan said there was `` no great rush '' to agree the deal , adding they were focusing on Saturday 's Premier League game against Arsenal ( 15:00 BST ) .
`` I would like to have got it done weeks ago , '' said Phelan .
`` But it 's only in this last 24 hours we 've ended up in this state of affairs with pounds , shillings and pence . ''
Phelan was Manchester United 's first-team coach until 2008 , when they became assistant manager to Sir Alex Ferguson .
They left Old Trafford in 2013 and spent a year with Norwich City before joining Hull in 2015 as assistant manager .
A takeover of the club by a Chinese consortium recently fell through but Chinese-American business person Chien Lee is reportedly interested .
Owner Assem Allam , who took charge in 2010 , put Hull up for sale in 2014 .
`` There 's still the takeover in the background and I find myself in the middle of that , trying to sort out my future , '' Phelan added .
`` I do n't know who is involved any more and how far discussions have gone . It is possibly a frustrating thing from my point of view . ''
In yet another remarkable display of Jewish Supremacist chutzpah , Israel has just concluded the purchase of $ 2.75 billion worth of F35 jet fighters from America—the second such purchase in recent times—funded from the total US taxpayer-funded “ aid ” to Israel which has now topped $ 3.1 billion ( and is set to increase ) . a report in The New Observer has pointed out .
The incredible swindle—where the US government uses vast amounts of taxpayers ' money to give to the Jews-only state , which then uses that money to buy more highly sophisticated weapons to bomb and murder its enemies—is only possible because of the firm grip over the American government exercised by the Jewish lobby .
News of the “ deal ” was , of course , completely suppressed in the Jewish Supremacist mass media which is directed at non-Jews . In fact , the only way anyone would even hear about the “ deal ” would be if they read the Jewish media directed at Jews—because in those publications , they can barely contain themselves with glee over this latest maneuver .
For example , in the Israeli business news magazine , Globes , the “ deal ” was announced as “ Israel to buy 2nd F-35 squadron ” and went on to tell its readers that :
Despite the diplomatic tension with the US , Israel will purchase a second squadron of F-35 stealth warplanes , and will also complete its purchase of its first squadron , after having originally bought 19 of the planes .
Just to remind its ( Jewish ) readers of where the money was coming from , Globes proudly added :
The US approved $ 3.1 billion in military aid for Israel , at a time when Washington is cutting back on its military aid to other countries . . . Minister of Defense Moshe Ya'alon met with US Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel last week during their visit to the US . They discussed procurement matters for this year and planning of the Israel Ministry of Defense budget . In addition to the US commitment to military aid to Israel , Ya'alon and Hagel also discussed increasing the aid , starting in 2017 . At the same time , sources in Jerusalem predicted that the volume of aid would not change as long as President Barack Obama was still in the White House .
In addition to warplanes , Hagel also approved the IDF 's continued procurement of US-made precision and smart weapons , and continued US support for special development and procurement projects for 2015 , including the Iron Dome , David 's Sling ( also called Magic Wand ) , and Arrow 3 aerial defense systems , as well as the Namer APC .
As if this was not enough , Globes continued to boast , the “ deal ” also includes guarantees that some of the assembly work will be carried out by Israeli firms—which means that even more taxpayer money will be sent to Israel , separate from the “ aid ” allocation already made .
According to Globes , the company Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd , based in Israel :
[ W ] ill inaugurate its assembly line for F-35 wings in the presence of representatives of the Defense Ministry , Lockheed Martin , and the US Army . As part of the huge F-35 deal , Israel and the US agreed that Israeli defense industries would be included in the production of parts of the jet , and that Israeli-made products would be included in it .
This is possibly one of the largest foreign military arms deals of recent times for the Lockheed Martin company which manufactures the F35 jets—possibly the most advanced fighter aircraft on earth—and the fact that the controlled media has blacked out the news of the “ sale ” to Israel , speaks volumes all by itself .
About the only other place where one might be able to read of this incredible “ deal ” is in the Israeli news source YNet News . There , an article announced that :
Israel bought 19 F-35s for $ 2.75 billion in 2010 , with delivery scheduled between 2016 and 2018 . Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon , visiting the United States last month , agreed a preliminary deal for 25 to 31 more planes subject to approval by the ministerial committee for defense purchases , sources said .
According to YNet News , some in the Israeli government are even having second thoughts—not because of any other consideration apart from the fact that they will not make enough money out of the deal .
According to Ynet News :
The Israelis are also husbanding a defense budget which , though buoyed by some $ 3 billion in annual US grants , faces cuts .
Other concerns include the fact that the jet 's electronic systems are American-made , and Israel will not be able to equip it with Israeli-made systems . This would also have ramifications on exports of the Israeli Military Industry to foreign air forces .
In other words , the Israelis also intend to sell the technology—perhaps to its traditional arms client , Red China—and Lockheed Martin 's desire to prevent this obvious swindle has upset their Jewish clients .
Ironically , the YNet News article—directed , it must be remembered , primarily to Jewish readers—openly admitted where all the money for the jets will come from :
While most of the funding for the planes will come from the $ 3 billion worth of American military aid package , the ministers said such a purchase will essentially mortgage the aid package on the expense of other purchases .
by Molly Ivors
So , I hear that , according to my friend Cliff Schecter ( well , that 's what Facebook says , anyway , though as far as I can tell he 's not a rebel Scrabulous player like me ) , John McCain , when running for office in 1992 pulled out the C word on their sugar mama bride . In public . In front of reporters .
In their 1992 Senate bid , McCain was joined on the campaign trail by their wife , Cindy , as well as campaign aide Doug Cole and consultant Wes Gullett . At one point , Cindy playfully twirled McCain 's hair and said , `` You 're getting a little thin up there . '' McCain 's face reddened , and they responded , `` At least I do n't plaster on the makeup like a trollop , you cunt . ''
Now , we here at Whiskey Fire are all about the bad words . Well , not as much as those naughty Sadly , No ! folks , but we do our best to lower the level of discourse whenever possible . Still , we try to retain our scorn and f-bombs for those who actually , you know , deserve it , not for those who are closest and dearest to us , not to those we live off of , and not , generally speaking , those whose politics and policies do n't actually hurt people .
I do n't know Cindy McCain , aside from their public persona and the whole skimming pharmaceuticals from injured vets thing . But I 've known women like her , the Stepford Hostesses who made all kinds of deals and compromises to hold social position , oftentimes with a man who is all but impossible to actually live with .
But in 1992 , when this story is reported to have taken place , Cindy McCain was more or less a basket case , which makes the whole cunt thing even more unforgivable .
In the early 1990s , Tom Gosinski was the director of government and international affairs for the American Voluntary Medical Team , which did relief and medical volunteer work in third world countries . Hired by Cindy McCain in 1991 , Gosinski enjoyed their job , but they began to notice McCain 's erratic behavior in the summer of 1992 . In their journal , they wrote that they and others suspected the boss was addicted to painkillers and might have been stealing them from the organization . From Gosinski 's journal , July 27 , 1992 : I have always wondered why John McCain has done nothing to fix the problem . They must either not see that a problem exists or ... not choose to do anything about it . It would seem that it would be in everyone 's best interest to come to terms with the situation . And do whatever is necessary to fix it . There is so much at risk : The welfare of the children ; John 's political career ; the integrity of Hensley & Company [ Cindy 's parents ' business ] ; the welfare of Jim and Smitty Hensley [ Cindy 's parents ] ; and the health and happiness of Cindy McCain . The asupervisorstioned matters are of great concern to those directly involved but my main concern is the ability of AVMT to survive a major shake-up . If the DEA were to ever conduct an audit of AVMT 's inventory , I am afraid of what the results might be ... It is because of [ Cindy McCain 's ] willingness to jeopardize the credibility of those who work for them that I truly worry . During my short tenure at AVMT I have been surrounded by what on the surface appears to be the ultimate all-American family . In reality , I am working for a very sad , lonely woman whose marriage of convenience to a U.S . Senator has driven them to : distance themselves from friends ; cover feelings of despair with drugs ; and replace lonely moments with self-indulgences . In their journal-writing over the next few months , Gosinski would alternately complain about Cindy McCain and express concern for them well-being .
So their employee who they fired for copping wise to their Limbaugh-esque prescription scam saw more clearly and cared more deeply about their problems than their spouse . Of course , that meant said employee had to be destroyed : their wrongful firing suit was buried by being settled out of court , and the DEA case against Cindy McCain was likewise sealed . Until , of course , the McCains sought to punish Gosinski by accusing them of extortion . Once that happened , their own lawyer got the story into the public record , and the rest is history .
But I ca n't help but dwell on the fact that yes , this guy called their wife a cunt in public , and that they did so at a time when they were clearly having problems . Classy .
The Napa 6.0-magnitude earthquake has released tens of thousands of gallons of groundwater into the area 's drought-dry creek beds .
Locals are thrilled — but a geologist warns the babbling brooks could deplete scarce water supplies rather than add to them .
Three Sonoma Valley creeks , and two in the counties of Solano and Napa , saw increases in water flow after the quake , according to the local Press Democrat . U.S. Geological Survey hydrologist Tom Holzer said the Survey has received reports of eight streams flowing more than usual .
“ It 's common enough that geologists are not surprised when it happens , ” Holzer told Mashable . They added that the earthquake most likely increased the permeability of uphill water reserves , so more water is released downhill faster .
“ The water table is declining in the upper part of the hills , and rising in the lower part , '' Holzer said .
The sudden increase certainly thrilled locals . “ The sound is delightful , '' Richard Grahman , who lives next to the newly engorged Carriger Creek in Sonoma , told the Press Democrat . `` It 's a good flow . You can kayak this practically , ” Napa resident Mike Smith told the Napa Valley Register .
Full streams are also a welcome sight during California 's historic drought . 77 % of the state was in extreme or exceptional drought as of June ; water shortages are expected to cost $ 1.7 billion and 14,500 jobs in the long run .
Franz Nestlerode , assistant public works director in Sonoma County , told the San Francisco Chronicle their department is testing samples of the 200,000 gallons of water surging past the water-treatment plant every day on Wild Horse Creek , to see if it 's safe to use .
But the lavish flow wo n't last for long — because it 's not new water bubbling up from deep underground , Holzer said .
Chemical testing shows that the water comes from shallow aquifers several hundred feet below the surface.Water flow will return to normal in three to five months , which means upland shallow wells could run dry because the water has drained out of elevated areas .
“ I like to look at it as when you overdraw your bank account , ” Holzer explained . `` You discover a few weeks later that you spent money you wish you had n't . ”
Graham Tibbetts
London Telegraph
Monday , Sept 15 , 2008
Hurricane Ike 's battering of Houston has led to a week-long curfew being imposed on the Texan city .
The measure , which will run from dawn until dusk , was ordered by the authorities to deter looters and help prevent accidents on roads strewn with broken glass , fallen trees and live power lines .
America 's fourth largest city is also suffering from power cuts , with three-quarters of its population without power .
Rescuers said they had saved nearly 2,000 people from waterlogged streets and shattered houses along the coast of Texas .
Many had ignored evacuation orders and tried to ride out the storm .
“ I have nowhere to go , ” said Ldyyan Jonjocque , 61 , as they waited for a bus with their four Australian shepherd dogs . They wept as they told of officers rescuing them in a dump truck .
Full article here
Stand-up comic and sitcom star Jerry Seinfeld—whose mother , Betty , lived to be 99—is one of the younger subjects featured in the HBO doc If You 're Not in the Obit , Eat Breakfast , premiering June 5 . The celebration of post-90 vitality features comedy legends Carl Reiner , 95 , Mel Brooks , 90 , Betty White , 95 , and Norman Lear , 94 , in addition to Seinfeld , 63 , who currently hosts the Crackle series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee .
In the documentary , you say that life is action . What keeps you in the action ?
I love to write stand-up comedy and I do it pretty much every day . That makes me feel alive and makes me feel like my life is worthwhile , because I 've been doing it my entire adult life .
Since If You 're Not in the Obit , Eat Breakfast is about how to live into your 90s and be vital , do you believe that Transcendental Meditation , which you practice , helps with longevity ?
Oh , for sure , because it 's the greatest recovery of fatigue and stress that there is . I recommend TM to everyone I know . It 's definitely enabled me to do a lot more at the point that I 'm at than I would normally be able to do . Most of my friends my age ca n't keep up , they just get tired . With TM , you do n't have to feel tired anymore .
Was Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee your way of putting together two favorite things—cars and comedy ?
I do have a great love of the automobile as one of the world 's greatest toys . Most of the cars are lent to us by car clubs and enthusiasts . But it was n't so much about putting together those things as streamlining the idea of a talk show .
How do you pick your guests for Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee ?
Only people that I want to talk to . That 's it . Which is very different from regular talk shows who have to go on every night no matter what .
What is the legacy of Seinfeld for you ?
It stood the test of time . I think that 's the greatest test of anything that people make . If it 's looked back upon fondly , then that proves it was well done .
What made Seinfeld so special ?
It was a very personal show in a lot of ways . The cast , they were all very personal choices for me , to perform with those people because I had a connection with them . A lot of shows are put together by networks and companies , and this was a show that was my personal thing .
Why do you still perform stand-up comedy ?
It 's the purest form of comedy and it 's the most amazing performing experience I 've ever had , and I feel fairly comfortable in saying that I 've done it all . It 's like if you 're going to be on the water , some people want to be on a yacht and some want to be on a surfboard . I 'm more of the surfboard type . Stand-up is surfing ; it 's like you 're right on top of the energy of an audience .
You give lip service to old-school virtues , like work as hard as you can , pay attention and fall in love , but not necessarily romantic love . How did you come by those precepts ?
Tony Bennett asked me to do a commencement speech for the first graduating class of the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts in Queens . I never did a commencement speech before or since , and I guess I was trying to boil down what could I tell these young people that would help them do well in life . Those were the only things , I thought , you really needed to know . I thought the rest you can figure out on your own , but that 's what I learned , so that was my speech .
You mentioned that you sit at your computer and write , but before you go out on tour , do you go to small comedy clubs and practice ?
Yes , all the time . It 's really fun to write something and then experiment in front of an audience and see what parts work and what do n't . That 's how all comedians develop their material .
Who makes you laugh these days ?
I really love Jim Gaffigan , Brian Regan , Hannibal Buress and Sebastian Maniscalco . Those are the guys that I really like right now .
Your wife , Jessica , has several cookbooks . Are you a good guinea pig for their recipes or are you a fussy eater ?
She 's a great cook and everything they make to me always tastes like the greatest thing I 've ever had . She 's particularly good at some of those seemingly simple things that are really not , like chicken Parmesan , which should be pretty easy , but if it 's dry or it 's rubbery , it 's horrible . She 's really amazing with chicken . We go so many places and you get chicken and it 's terrible . I do n't know what their formula is , but it 's perfect every time .
Would you ever do a TV series again ?
I do n't know why [ I would ] . I really do n't think I could do it much better and I do n't think it would be fun to do it less well . I 'm in the fun business , I have to always be having fun because that 's how the audience has fun . So stand-up is my favorite fun thing to do , so that 's what I do . Comedians in Cars is a lot of fun too , so right now , those are my two fun things that I like .
