The Secretary General of the Organization of American States released a report that considers possible alternatives to current drug policies internationally and represents the most high-level discussion about drug law reform ever undertaken .
The report envisions possibilities for ending the war on drugs as well as the introduction of policies rooted in public health and human rights .
The review process was commissioned at the Cartagena Summit of the Americas—a meeting of heads of state that included President Barack Obama—and reflects the growing dissatisfaction with the status quo . Several Latin American heads of state , frustrated with the failure and counterproductive nature of existing drug control structures , pushed for this review .
Secretary General of the OAS José Miguel Insulza said , “ Leaders and heads of state and government reached significant consensus on some basic concepts : that the drug problem is one of the most important challenges facing the hemisphere , with its impact on public health and the cost incurred by states , and with the tremendous amount of violence that it brings . ”
Insulza added “ the current approach , beyond some important results , has not been successful and is not working well enough , ” and that “ we must find and mix new and better alternatives , without ceasing all that we are doing . ”
It is notably the first time any major multilateral agency has given serious and detailed visualization to alternatives to prohibition including legal market regulation , or reform of the UN drug conventions .
The report puts forth various possibilities for the future of drug policy between now and 2025 , including many that would have been unthinkable a few short years ago .
The OAS review process was divided into two components . The first was a series of five analytical reports that were compiled on key topics . These were then used to inform the scenario planning reports , which envision different possible scenarios for the future of drug policy between now and 2025 .
Insulza wrote that the document 's purpose `` is to assist the hemisphere 's leaders to find a better way to address these challenges . It is neither our duty nor our job to marry ourselves to a single policy option or to choose a single scenario . That is up to the heads of state and government . ”
The United Nations General Assembly will convene a special session on drugs in 2016 , and it is hoped the current scenarios will influence some of the discussion .
Meeting Karin Dreijer , AKA Fever Ray , AKA one half of the now-defunct the Knife , is a discombobulating experience . For one , I have no idea what they really looks like ; they and their brother Olof sported various masks during their time recalibrating electronic pop as the Knife , while the looks for Fever Ray 's 2009 self-titled debut – a disconcerting , insular song cycle about the loneliness of new motherhood – involved lashings of face paint , a load of dry ice and giant hats that looked like dead animals . In 2010 , meanwhile , Dreijer made a rare public appearance , accepting an award for best dance artist at a Swedish awards show while sporting gloopy prosthetics that made it look as if their skin was melting off .
Electronic review : Fever Ray , Fever Ray Read more
Them face may be on the cover of Fever Ray 's surprise new album Plunge – a pulsating treatise on queer living teased at the end of last month via two clips apparently filmed in a wipe-clean BDSM basement nightclub – but their features are hidden somewhat by the words “ Fever ” and “ Ray ” carved into their skin like fleshy cake decoration . So , when we meet outside a subway station in a trendy part of Södermalm , one of Stockholm 's 14 islands , it 's akin to Dorothy pulling back the curtain to reveal the Wizard of Oz is just a human being after all .
Dreijer , a youthful-looking 42 , is dressed for Sweden in November ( ie they are wearing two coats and their thick black trousers are tucked into robust woollen socks ) . As I pull out a limp pair of fingerless gloves and button up a coat made for spring in the UK , they mention they had asked their manager to tell their PR to tell me to bring gloves ( “ You need wool or leather , ” they add ) . We chat more about the weather ( “ This is actually quite warm for this time of year , ” they say brightly as the tips of my fingers turn blue ) , before discussion moves on to Stockholm 's housing crisis ; their dislike of London ( “ I feel like I ca n't escape ” ) ; the time they went to the Reading festival in 1994 to watch Hole ; and how they overcome Sweden 's winter darkness ( lots of Bikram yoga ) .
What is most surprising , however , is how open they are – on intimate topics such as sexuality and their family life . The Knife rarely gave interviews and when they did they were typically conducted tersely via Skype . Any talk of Dreijer 's personal life was strictly out of bounds during early Fever Ray chats . Today , however , we spend three hours together , the first half of the interview involving a scenic walk around the western edge of the island , up past their old recording studio and near where they live , the second half sitting in a tiny nook in a ( thankfully ) warm cafe in nearby Liljeholmen .
Fever Ray : Plunge – a mood of menace Read more
The musician 's life has shifted significantly since 2009 's Fever Ray debut , made in the bubble of a nuclear family – Dreijer , their two children and their computer-programmer husband . Throughout Plunge , however , there are mentions of relationships ending , and of new ones starting . Fans have also picked up on the fact they have dropped the Andersson from their surname . “ Yes , I got divorced . I was living in a marriage with a man for a long time and for the last five years I have n't , ” they say . On Plunge 's centrepiece , This Country , a throbbing electro stomper with a chorus of “ This country makes it hard to fuck ” , Dreijer chants “ destroy nuclear ” , a reference to society 's adherence to the normal 2.4 kids . “ This [ album ] is about freedom , and curiosity . Now I think it 's absolutely possible to create a family that is n't a nuclear one , but I did n't know that then . I had lived a very feminist way of life before I had kids and I was shocked at how society treats you when you become a mother . You 're basically supposed to cut your arms and legs off and stay in the house . ”
While the last Knife album , 2013 's deeply experimental 80-minute long Shaking the Habitual , was inspired by the duo 's readings in feminist and queer theory , Dreijer says Plunge is less theoretical when it comes to the latter . “ I think it 's been more learning by doing this time around , ” they laugh . “ I 've been on Tinder . I have had many relations in the last year or so via apps. ” How do they define their sexuality now , I ask . “ I 'm definitely a queer person , but I 'm very gender-fluid , I think. ” When she 's on Tinder , who are they swiping right for ? “ I go for the ones that define themselves as women , ” they say with a smile .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest How to get a head ... a scene from the video for To the Moon and Back . Photograph : YouTube
They say their queerness is something that has developed over time . Born in Gothenburg , they say nobody was gay when they were growing up and that the city , although left-leaning , was “ very sexist and homophobic ” . In 1994 , they started a guitar band called Honey Is Cool , with four male friends , but their presence in the band meant they were regarded as a girl band . “ There was one festival that was kind of big in Sweden and we wanted to play but they said their girl band slot was full . It was an extreme situation. ” In 1998 , they decided to move to Stockholm and started the Knife with their brother Olof , the pair purposefully leaving guitar music behind . “ [ In Gothenburg ] they thought everybody who worked with instruments other than guitars was gay . [ My sexuality ] developed after I left . Seeing what else was possible . ”
Louis Pattison enters the freaky electro-pop world of Fever Ray Read more
One song on the new album in particular – A Part of Us – is about the safe cocoon of queer spaces , specifically nightclubs . “ But it 's also about the difference between being inside and then outside , ” they say , referring to the line “ what we are brings the wrong kind of attention out here ” . “ You 're always looking back over your shoulder . I have friends who are more masculine-looking women who have been beaten up in Stockholm for not being feminine enough . And yet people still feel very safe here . It 's not like in Tunisia or Iran , which is where many of my friends come from . It 's the death penalty there . ”
Patriarchal oppression also filters into the lyrics in relation to society 's attempts at controlling what queer people get up to in the bedroom . “ I get very tired of people saying : ‘ Oh you 're safe now , you 're equal , you 're allowed to marry ' , but I do n't want to marry , I want to fuck ! ” they say , rattling the table as they lean in . “ There 's a lot of fucking on the album – fuck , fuck , fuck the whole time ! – but it 's important because the ways of fucking that do n't make up heterosexual sex are super-stigmatised . My kids do n't learn about non-heterosexual sex in school . My youngest came home and was like : ‘ Mum , how do girls have sex ? Is it like pussy against pussy ? ' And I said : ‘ Yeah , you can do that ' , and that was it . All good . It 's a key thing for human nature to know how to experience pleasure . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Electric dreams ... Dreijer performs in Rotterdam in 2009 . Photograph : Rob Verhorst/Redferns
She 's on a roll now , the most animated she 's been . “ Up until recently there was n't a Swedish word for the female sex organ for kids to use . There was one for the vagina , but that 's too medical . So when I was younger , I did n't know how to talk about this [ she points between their legs ] . ” Is there one now ? “ Yes , snippa ! But before that there was nothing . There 's a lot on the album about shame , but some of it is about the shame that comes from just being a woman . ”
Pop review : Fever Ray | Brighton Corn Exchange Read more
Dreijer also talks about people 's perceptions of her ; how they think that when people meet her , they expect she 'll be caked in fake blood or , like in one of the Plunge teaser videos , absent-mindedly toying with a metal speculum . “ I can feel that when I meet up with people , ” they say carefully . “ It 's like : ‘ Are they going to keep up the illusion or not ? Are they going to play along with your fantasy ? ' ”
For Dreijer , Fever Ray is a solo project but hidden behind a character , or multiple characters , that appear in the videos and on stage , almost as a defence mechanism . Asked why they do n't release solo material under their own name , they say they ca n't : “ I want to keep a distance between my private life and my work. ” ( Later , they ca n't contain their glee at the fact none of the other parents recognise them at the school gates . ) While Fever Ray , the album , was influenced by very real experiences – particularly the boredom of new motherhood ( she has two daughters , aged 10 and 14 ) – the sense of feeling disconnected from the outside world was communicated more by the album 's eerily claustrophobic sonic landscape and lashings of pitch-shifted vocal effects .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cutting edge ... Dreijer as one half of the Knife . Photograph : Elin Berge
On Plunge , however , the music is more manic , the lyrics more outward-looking and direct ( lead single To the Moon and Back closes with the line “ I want to run my fingers up your pussy ” ) , while the vocals sit higher in the mix . Even the title suggests new beginnings and freedom . “ Yes , throwing yourself into something , ” they say , forking a mouthful of chocolate cake into their mouth . “ Being brave and being open to do that . It 's about taking back what 's me . ”
Having cleared out the cafe , we talk about To the Moon and Back . It 's about “ the excitement of going out ” . In its video , we witness the old Fever Ray character from the first album being shorn of their blond hair in favour of a bald head ( actually a skull cap ) . “ Yeah , it 's like when Britney Spears shaved off their hair that time , ” they say , referring to Spear 's infamous haircut from 2007 . “ I love that idea of shaving your head and starting a new beginning. ” For Dreijer 's character in the video , however , that new beginning involves being tied up and urinated on during a wonderfully perverted tea party . “ I was like : ‘ What is the nicest role play ? ' ” they say , ignoring my arched eyebrow . “ There 's so much BDSM role play in videos and it 's super violent , so I wanted to have a role play that was fun . I said : ‘ Let 's have a tea party and I want to be the table . ' ”
I raise the point that one of the characters then urinates on them “ It 's a nice tea party , ” they maintain . “ I think sex , role play and games do n't have to be violent , they can be cute. ” It 's interesting that the character who does all the weeing in the video , the same one present throughout their campaign , is wearing a muscular bodysuit . What does it represent ? “ I think it 's somebody who wants to be loved and to fit in , ” they say . “ They want people to look at them , and have a nice body with it . But it 's a costume , which is important ; it 's soft . ”
Fever Ray : 'My music is a lot of everything ' Read more
As our time comes to an end , we chat about their youngest daughter 's obsession with the lip sync app Musical.ly ( “ I 'm just trying to work out who she 's friends with on it so that it 's not scary people ” ) ; their retirement plans ( “ Maybe I 'll become a florist , or captain a boat ” ) ; and my regret at missing that weekend 's Plunge launch party . “ It 's in a gay sauna , ” they chime . “ There 's a magician ! ” Inevitably , given all the chat about power structures and female bodies , talk turns to Weinstein and Trump . It feels as if , as a society in general , we 're talking more openly about this huge power imbalance , I say . “ Yes , it 's talked about but I wonder what will come out of it , ” they counter . “ [ Weinstein ] will keep their money and money is power . You have to take their money ; that 's how we change power . Revolution . ”
When is that happening ? “ Maybe 10 years. ” They sense my surprise at the time scale . “ It 's happening . We just have to take it all back and start again . ”
Plunge is out now on Rabid
The U.S. government on Wednesday banned the use of a Russian brand of security software by federal agencies and gave them three months to remove the software amid concerns the company has ties to state-sponsored cyberespionage activities , according to U.S. officials .
Acting Homeland Security secretary Elaine Duke ordered that Kaspersky Lab software be barred from federal civilian government networks , giving agencies a timeline to get rid of it , according to several officials familiar with the plan who were not authorized to speak publicly about it . Duke ordered the scrub on the grounds that the company has connections to the Russian government and its software poses a security risk .
“ The Department is concerned about the ties between certain Kaspersky officials and Russian intelligence and other government agencies , and requirements under Russian law that allow Russian intelligence agencies to request or compel assistance from Kaspersky and to intercept communications transiting Russian networks , ” the department said in a statement . “ The risk that the Russian government , whether acting on its own or in collaboration with Kaspersky , could capitalize on access provided by Kaspersky products to compromise federal information and information systems directly implicates U.S. national security . ”
The directive comes months after the federal General Services Administration , the agency in charge of government purchasing , removed Kaspersky from its list of approved vendors . In doing so , the GSA suggested a vulnerability exists in Kaspersky that could give the Kremlin backdoor access to the systems the company protects .
Here 's what you need to know about what cyberweapons are and when they have been used in the past . ( Dani Player , Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post )
In a statement to The Washington Post on Wednesday , the company said : “ Kaspersky Lab does n't have inappropriate ties with any government , which is why no credible evidence has been presented publicly by anyone or any organization to back up the false allegations made against the company . The only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab , a private company , is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight , and it 's being treated unfairly even though the company has never helped , nor will help , any government in the world with its cyberespionage or offensive cyber efforts . ”
“ Kaspersky Lab has always acknowledged that it provides appropriate products and services to governments around the world to protect those organizations from cyberthreats , but it does not have unethical ties or affiliations with any government , including Russia , ” the firm said .
The directive comes in the wake of an unprecedented Russian operation to interfere in the U.S. presidential election that saw Russian spy services hack the networks of the Democratic National Committee and other political organizations and release damaging information .
At least a half-dozen federal agencies run Kaspersky on their networks , the U.S. officials said , although there may be other networks where an agency 's chief information security officer — the official ultimately responsible for systems security — might not be aware it is being used .
The order applies only to civilian government networks , not the military 's . But the Defense Department , which includes the National Security Agency , does not generally use Kaspersky software , officials said .
The U.S. intelligence community has long assessed that Kaspersky has ties to the Russian government , according to officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations . The company 's founder , Eugene Kaspersky , graduated from a KGB-supported cryptography school and had worked in Russian military intelligence .
In recent months concern has mounted inside the government about the potential for Kaspersky software to be used to gather information for the Russian secret services , officials said .
world national-security Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11 . post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Checkpoint newsletter Military , defense and security at home and abroad . Please provide a valid email address . Sign up You 're all set ! See all newsletters false The story must be told . Your subscription supports journalism that matters . Try 1 month for $ 1
Richard Ledgett , former NSA deputy director , hailed the move . Speaking Wednesday on the sidelines of the Billington CyberSecurity Summit in Washington , they noted that Kaspersky , like other Russian companies , is “ bound to comply with the directive of Russian state security services , by law , to share with them information from their servers . ”
Concerns about Kaspersky software had been brewing for years , according to one former official who told The Post that some congressional staffers were warned by federal law enforcement officials as early as November 2015 not to meet with employees from Kaspersky , over concerns about electronic surveillance .
When the GSA announced its July decision , it underscored that its mission was to “ ensure the integrity and security of U.S. government systems and networks ” and that Kaspersky was delisted “ after review and careful consideration. ” The action removed the company from the list of products approved for purchase on federal systems and at discounted prices for state governments .
The directive will also put pressure on state and local governments that use Kaspersky 's products . Many had been left to speculate about the risks of sticking with the company or abandoning taxpayer-funded contracts , sometimes at great cost . In July , The Post found several state or local agencies that used Kaspersky 's anti-virus or security software had purchased or supported the software within the past two years .
As a farm kid , I grew up with a smokehouse right outside the house in the front yard . It was a small brick structure without any door . My parents called it a smokehouse , but it was never used to smoke anything . The sole purpose of the “ smokehouse ” was to burn things…garbage , boxes , etc . Eventually they removed the smokehouse from the front yard to construct a fence .
Jesse started talking about building a smokehouse soon after we bought the farm . They finally turned their vision into a reality last summer . After a lot of research and sketches , they came up with a design .
Smokehouse Design Sketch
Jesse already had a barrel smoker for hot-smoking or cook-smoking , but what they really wanted was a cold-smoker to be able to smoke pork sausage in the tradition that their grandfather used to do on the farm . There are also several other cold smoke products that are absolutely delicious : salmon , hams , cheese , nuts , and various sausages .
Cold-Smoking
The art of cold-smoking is to keep the meat or fish below 70 degrees F to inhibit bacteria growth and to not cook the meat product . For instance , if you would like smoked venison sausage , but do n't want to eat the complete deer all at once ( who would…. ? ) , then cold-smoking will impart the desired smoke flavor and will also retain the fat inside the sausage so that it does n't become dry and hard . Toss cold-smoked venison sausage into the freezer until you are ready to cook it for another tasty meal .
Another example that we have become very fond of is cold-smoking 5 to 10 racks of baby back pork ribs , wrapping them in freezer paper and tossing them into the freezer . Take them out of the freezer later and bake them in the oven for a couple of hours and you have some of the best ribs ever !
Construction
The concrete slab was poured in the spring . Our boys learned about mixing , pouring , and finishing cement . The 5 gallon bucket in the middle of the slab is where the smoke will enter the smokehouse . The slab is what is called a “ floating ” slab . There is no frost footings below the slab , it is simply framed to have a 10 x 10 inch “ curb ” around the outside of the slab and the rest of the slab is 4 inches thick . There is also reinforcing rebar in the curb and criss-crossed across the slab . I do n't think it is going anywhere , and after one winter of freezing and thawing , there are no signs of cracking or shifting .
Jesse 's uncle , a mason by profession , came over to help in building the smokehouse . Their skills amazed us as they tossed just the right amount of the mud in just the right place .
Jesse did a great job supervising… .
Jesse designed the smokehouse to have glass block windows to allow in natural light . Laying the glass block was the most time-consuming part of the block laying process and the expertise of Jesse 's uncle was definitely necessary to get the glass blocks set just right . Our son worked on smoothing the joints between the blocks .
After the blocks were cured , Jesse and our son went to work building roof trusses , sheeting the roof , and laying shingles . Jesse decided to build the trusses so that the rafters could be used for hanging meat , so they are about 6 ft. high .
There are vents covered with window screen in the peak at each end of the smokehouse for draft . Jesse had built elaborate hinged doors for adjusting the draft level if needed . However , the correct draft position turned out to be full open .
Firebox
The firebox for a cold smokehouse is located away from the smokehouse to allow the smoke to cool before entering the smokehouse . The smoke from our firebox increases the temperature in the smokehouse a mere 5 to 10 deg F. This allows Jesse to safely cold smoke on days as warm as 60 degrees , but they prefer to have the outside temperature around 30 – 40 degrees .
The tricky part for the firebox is that in order to have adequate draft for the smoke to enter the smokehouse , the firebox should be located about 10 – 12 inches below the smokehouse floor and 8 – 10 feet from the center hole in the smokehouse . So the only logical way to build this operation is to locate the smokehouse on a hill or slope with enough fall to allow access to the firebox .
The firebox can be made from concrete and firebrick with a sliding steel door , but Jesse chose to use an actual home fireplace insert that someone had discarded into a road ditch . With the air intake vent controls on the fireplace they figured that they could control the fire for smoking to just the right levels ( and it works perfect ) . They dug a hole into the side of the hill for the fireplace , and left enough room for about 2 – 3 inches of sewer rock around the fireplace to assist in water drainage around the fireplace . With the heavy gauge steel , the fireplace insert should last longer than our lifetime before it rusts out ( it weighed about 5oo lbs . and had to be moved into place by a tractor ) .
Jesse used 8 inch chimney pipe to connect the firebox to the 5 gallon bucket in the floor of the smokehouse . Obviously you want to install the pipe before you pour the concrete floor . The reason they chose the 8 inch metal chimney pipe was that the firebox had an 8 inch exit , and they needed something that would withstand the heat near the firebox . They say that they would NOT recommend using PVC or other plastic pipe as it may melt or out-gas if heated .
And here is our lovely little smokehouse in action… ..
Maybe a bit over-sized for your casual home smoking , but it works GREAT !
–Lynell
More on Building a Smokehouse
Last month , following a long period of girlish cajoling , my daughter finally got their ears pierced in celebration of their 7th birthday . The setting was not the traditional mall kiosk staffed by some bored and minimally trained 16-year-old . Instead I took my daughter to a tattoo parlor .
Surprised they even allow 7-year-olds in those kinds of places ? Think again . A growing number of parents are apparently turning to tattoo parlors to bejewel their children 's little lobes . I did n't come up with this crazy idea out of the blue ; I 'm a reporter , after all : I researched where to take Shira and weighed the pros and cons . I found that tattoo parlors — despite the blaring heavy metal music — were mom-approved by a local parenting email list . When even a nurse cast their vote in favor of the tattoo parlor , I deliberated no longer .
“ There is a stigma attached to tattoo parlors that they 're dirty and will be bombarded by foul-mouthed people , ” says Sarah LaRoe , a mom with multiple facial piercings and tattoos creeping up their neck , who pierced my little girl 's ears so tenderly that they left them not in tears but with a big , happy smile on their face .
MORE Why Spanking Does n't Work
Contrary to what you might think , tattoo parlors — at least the one I went to — are actually bastions of cleanliness . Some states regulate them , and reputable ones use disposable needles and sterilize all their equipment in an autoclave . In contrast , mall piercers and many jewelry stores use piercing guns that have been associated with complications and ca n't be completely sterilized . Armed with that knowledge , which would you choose ?
While some parents might be freaked out by the idea of taking their kid to a tattoo parlor , I looked upon the outing as an adventure , joking with my daughter about getting a Hello Kitty tattoos for mom . What I did n't expect was that the experience would evolve into a lesson in tolerance . In that unnerving way little kids have of speaking their mind , Shira took an initial look at LaRoe and stage-whispered : “ I think they look ugly like that . ”
I immediately flashed them my scary mom eyes to signal them to clam up . But later , after we 'd left the store , their comment served as an opportunity to point out that just because someone looks different , it does n't mean she 's not a good person . LaRoe , regardless of their unconventional piercings , was super-professional and extremely kind .
For professional piercers like LaRoe , who stick needles through noses , eyebrows , tongues and nether regions , ears are the most mundane of piercing locations . But that does n't mean they do n't take it seriously . LaRoe spent nearly an hour with us , versus the quick in-and-out that I remember from getting my ears pierced at the mall as a girl . Before leading us into the piercing room — which looked just like a doctor 's office — LaRoe handed the birthday girl a bag with a lollipop , which expertly distracted Shira from being overly nervous about what was going on .
The bag also contained non-iodized sea salt and instructions for mom on how to mix a saline solution to clean newly pierced ears . Unlike the alcohol that mall kiosks recommend for cleaning , salty water does n't burn .
MORE Clean Needles Saved My Life . Now Congress Wants to Ban Funding for Needle Exchange
Now for the gory details : at tattoo parlors , piercers use hypodermic needles to core out a sliver of skin , making room for an earring — a relatively painless procedure . In contrast , at the mall , the piercer uses a gun that painfully jams a blunt-tipped earring stud into the ear lobe ; the process does not remove skin , but effectively pushes it aside .
LaRoe is so convinced of the superiority of needles over piercing guns that she 's signed petitions to ban the guns ; one such petition makes the case that “ only cowboys use guns. ” In their quest to reform the ear-piercing industry , LaRoe leaves their business card at schools and pediatricians ' offices . When they take their own son to the doctor , she 'll frequently get questions about their multiple piercings ; sometimes they get customers that way too .
Ultimately , though , change starts parent by parent , through word of mouth . “ It kind of acts like a trendsetter , ” says LaRoe . “ All it takes is one little girl who goes to school and says it did n't hurt . ”
It did n't hurt ? Well , maybe a little . But so little that Shira did n't even blink when LaRoe pierced their first ear . During the procedure , LaRoe had them do some deep , yoga-like breathing , which Shira is familiar with from their weekly yoga class . In and out , in — pierce ! Of course , the lollipop helped too .
Read next : Tips for Every Age : How to Raise Grateful Kids
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Listen to the most important stories of the day .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Patrick Semansky / AP , file Army Pfc . Bradley Manning , center , is escorted into a courthouse in Fort Meade , Md. , Tuesday , May 21 , 2013 , before a pretrial military hearing .
Pfc . Bradley Manning says they were driven by an unquenchable thirst for information and wanted to show the world the truth about the American wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . The military says they helped enemies of the United States .
Now a judge will decide theirs fate .
Manning , a 25-year-old former Army intelligence analyst , goes on trial Monday in a military court at Fort Meade , Md. , for their release of hundreds of thousands of secret documents to WikiLeaks , the anti-secrecy website .
Here 's a rundown of the case :
WHAT WE KNOW
This much is undisputed : Manning , while serving in Iraq , stole U.S. diplomatic cables and other military documents . While on leave in Maryland in 2010 , they began sending them to WikiLeaks .
At a hearing last November , they said that they had become disillusioned by behavior that did not seem worthy of the United States , including a foreign policy bent on “ killing and capturing people . ”
In a 35-page statement that took more than an hour to read in court , Manning in February cited the “ bloodlust ” of an American crew that carried out a helicopter attack in 2007 that killed Iraqi civilians and two journalists working for Reuters .
“ They dehumanized the individuals they were engaging and seemed to not value human life , and referred to them as , quote-unquote , dead bastards , ” they said .
Manning told the judge , Army Col. Denise Lind , that they nonetheless knew that releasing the documents was wrong .
Manning has been jailed at Fort Leavenworth , Kan. , since April 2011 . They were at the military prison in Quantico , Va. , for nine months before that . Under a court ruling earlier this year , Manning would have any sentence reduced by about four months to compensate for harsh treatment during their confinement at Quantico .
THE STAKES
In all , Manning faces 22 charges . They already pleaded guilty in February to 10 of the least serious charges , including improper handling of classified information and impeding the order and discipline of the military .
And earlier this month , military prosecutors abandoned an effort to convict Manning of violating a federal law in connection with the release of a State Department cable known as Reykjavik-13 that summarized U.S. Embassy discussions with Iceland officials about Iceland 's finances .
On the first 10 charges alone , Manning could be sentenced to 20 years in prison . They gave the guilty pleas without any deal with prosecutors — to the bewilderment of some legal analysts — and prosecutors pressed forward on the more serious charges .
Those include larceny , aiding the enemy and violating the Espionage Act , counts that could land them in military prison for the rest of their life . The judge alone , not a jury , will determine their guilt or innocence .
Manning 's defense team , which has generally not been talking to the media , did not return calls for comment from NBC News .
WHY IT MATTERS
The documents that Manning sent to WikiLeaks constituted the most extensive leak of information in the history of the U.S. military . They included battlefield reports , intelligence memos and State Department cables .
Manning has become nothing less than a hero to people who believe they were a noble whistleblower , and those who opposed one or both of the wars — and a traitor to those who believe they compromised the U.S. military 's safety .
Patrick Semansky / AP Daniel Ellsberg , the whistleblower responsible for releasing the Pentagon Papers , speaks during a rally in support of Army Pfc . Bradley Manning outside the gates of Fort Meade , Md. , Saturday , June 1 , 2013 .
Prosecutors have signaled that they may call a Navy SEAL who participated in the May 2011 raid that killed Osama bin Laden to establish that some of the material that Manning leaked wound up in bin Laden 's compound .
Among Manning 's defenders is Daniel Ellsberg , who in 1971 leaked what became known as the Pentagon Papers to The New York Times . Those papers documented the government 's systematic misleading of the public about American involvement in Vietnam .
“ The future of truth-telling is at stake , ” Ellsberg has written of Manning . “ A young man 's selfless , heroic act of patriotism deserves our support . ”
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has called Manning a “ political prisoner . ”
WHAT WE DO N'T KNOW
To the frustration of reporters , pretrial proceedings have been conducted partly in secret . The court has withheld orders from the judge and even transcripts of hearings . The few documents that have been released have been heavily redacted .
Lexey Swall / Getty Images FORT MEADE , MD - JUNE 1 : Marchers hold signs at a mass rally in support for PFC Bradley Manning on June 1 , 2013 in Fort Meade , Maryland . Manning 's court martial is set to begin Monday June 3 , 2013 . Hundreds of supporters marched in support of Manning for giving classified documents to the anti-secrecy groups WikiLeaks . ( Photo by Lexey Swall/Getty Images )
In defiance of the court , an anti-secrecy organization in March released a secretly made audio recording of Manning 's statement . The group , the Freedom of the Press Foundation , did not say how it obtained the recording .
The level of secrecy is “ mind-boggling , ” particularly at a time when public faith in the military has been shaken by sexual assault cases , said Eugene R. Fidell , who teaches military justice at Yale Law School .
“ It 's not a credit to the military justice system , ” they said in a telephone interview . “ It 's a system that could use all the public confidence it could get . ”
Courtney Kube of NBC News contributed to this report . Reuters and The Associated Press also contributed .
Netflix now has 93.8 million subscribers , and its subscriber base — the most important metric for investors in this high-priced stock — grew faster than expected ( up by 7.1 million ) during the final quarter of 2016 .
Today marks the company 's tenth anniversary since launching its streaming service , Netflix notes in its earnings press release . Mail-order DVDs , the original product , now represent a small fraction of the company 's business .
Netflix reported $ 2.48 billion in revenue and $ 0.15 earnings per share for the fourth 2016 quarter . Analysts expected less — about $ 2.47 billion in revenue ( from $ 1.67 billion last year ) and $ 0.14 earnings per share ( from $ 0.10 ) .
In all , Netflix has added 14.5 million new international subscribers since Q1 2016 , when it launched in 130 countries , including India and Russia , with varied ( often super limited ) catalogs of shows and movies .
Despite strong growth last quarter , Netflix may run into problems in 2017 . The company spends a lot of cash on original shows and movies ( how much is too much ? ) , it 's not growing like it used to in the U.S. ( although Q4 stats look good ) , and new competitors could slow it down ( keep your eyes on Apple ) .
But for now Netflix 's stock is soaring above record highs — up about 8 percent . Oh , and this revenue chart looks pretty OK , too .
In one video , a hip young thing throws their panties at a bespectacled bearded man and , in a flurry of giggles and moans , nudity and in flagrante delicto ensue . In another , Lily LaBeau and Danny Wylde , pornographic actors who are a couple in real life , partake in a slow-building coupling , showing how they have sex outside of work .
Ms. Gallop said 19,000 users have signed up for invitations , with half the page views coming from countries like China , Iraq and Afghanistan . Gizmodo , a gadget blog , called it “ The NSFW Social Media and Content-Sharing Platform the Internet 's Been Waiting for . ”
“ It 's not about performing for the camera , ” Ms. Gallop said . “ We 're looking for the comical , the messy , the ridiculous . We 're looking for the real . ”
Getting financing for MakeLoveNotPorn.tv has not been easy , but Ms. Gallop said they were compelled by the feedback they got from the original site . Women in particular believed that they were trapped in someone else 's pornographic fantasy in bed . “ If I want to tackle the impact of porn as default sex educator , ” they said , “ I have to come up with something as appealing to the mainstream and as all-pervasive in our society as porn . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Despite their strident views , Ms. Gallop said they did not set out to become a sex evangelist Born to a Chinese mother and British father , they were raised in Borneo ( “ a great deal more boring than it sounds , ” they said ) and studied English at Oxford . After college , they went into advertising and joined the firm Bartle Bogle Hegarty in London , where they quickly scaled the ranks . They moved to New York in 1998 to start up its United States office .
They stood out , helped to no small degree by their wardrobe . Ms. Gallop favors black leather and tight dresses , drawing inspiration from characters like Lisbeth Salander of “ The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo ” and Molly Millions of William Gibson 's cyberpunk novel “ Neuromancer . ”
“ You could not miss them in the industry : they were distinct and different , a real character , ” said William Charnock , a longtime friend and the chief strategy officer for R/GA , an interactive digital ad agency . “ She 'd be wearing leather bustiers to events . ”
They also live in an extraordinary home . Them cavernous 3,800-square-foot “ black apartment ” in Chelsea in Manhattan was carved out of a former Y.M.C.A . and looks like a “ Blade Runner ” set reimagined by Carrie Bradshaw . Spotlit and filled with paintings , animal prints , Gucci stilettos and Chinese lacquer , it has been featured in an episode of “ Law and Order : S.V.U. , ” a music video with P. Diddy and Nelly , and , of course , the multiple beddings that eventually led to MakeLoveNotPorn.tv .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Them entrance into cougardom came through work . Them advertising firm was pitching an online dating site and , wanting to fully experience the product , Ms. Gallop , then in their early 40s , posted a profile . To their surprise and delight , they said , the majority of responses came from younger men . Ms. Gallop has barely glanced back since .
“ I realized I was an attractive older woman who never wanted to settle down , ” they said . “ I had a high-flying career . Never wanted to get married . All I wanted to do was have some fun . And a bunch of guys went , ‘ Whoopee ! ' ”
At first , they reveled in their sexual discovery . In 2008 , they gave a talk at TED university titled “ The Toyboy Manifesto : Why Older Woman Plus Younger Man Is the Relationship Model of the Future , ” in which they argued that such pairings , while generally deemed socially unacceptable , were not only sexually ideal but also righted gender imbalances . Young men , they said , found their life experience appealing rather than threatening .
But when they saw that many of the young men had little sex education outside of pornography , they were moved to speak out . “ The issue I 'm tackling is not porn , ” they said . “ It 's the complete lack of open , healthy dialogue around porn and sex . ”
Nick Byrd , a PhD student in philosophy at Florida State University , has posted about the classroom poster session that students in Marcela Herdova ‘ s Free Will & Science course recently took part in . They say that it “ was one of the most enriching classroom experiences I 've ever witnessed . ”
The idea is based on conference poster sessions , which are still somewhat unusual in philosophy , and which Byrd likes because “ discussions at poster sessions are much more focused , extended , and constructive ” than typical paper presentations .
Additional reasons to put on a classroom poster session :
“ Classroom poster sessions buy you [ a few ] classes of learning and review in exchange for a bit of grading ”
During poster sessions , “ students learn things that can not be taught online , ” and so help make a case against replacing traditional classrooms with online-only teaching .
“ Students learn how to quickly pitch their ideas to peers and supervisors . ”
“ Students learn how to both ask and field questions about specific claims and arguments . ”
“ Students can autonomously explore the course material in ways that they otherwise could not . ”
“ Presenting a poster to a few peers and your instructor is much less nerve-racking for students than presenting in front of an entire class . ”
My late colleague , Ann Johnson , would have the students in their Engineering Ethics course participate in a somewhat different version of a semester-end poster session , reserving a large room and inviting faculty and students from all over the university to come by , see the posters , and discuss them with the students .
Byrd provides more information about classroom poster sessions , including instructions on putting one together and examples of posters , here . Check it out .
GAZA/JERUSALEM , July 26 ( Reuters ) - Palestinians in the Gaza Strip poured into the streets on Saturday to recover their dead and stock up on food supplies after a 12-hour humanitarian truce agreed by Israel and Hamas took hold on the 19th day of their conflict .
Women in the northern town of Beit Hanoun wailed as medics pulled three dead relatives from a home struck overnight by an Israeli air strike , with hospital officials saying 85 bodies had been found after the guns fell silent at 8 a.m. ( 0500 GMT ) .
Just before the truce started , 18 members of a single family , including five children , died in a strike near the southern town of Khan Younis , the Gaza Health Ministry said .
Israel 's military pledged to hold fire for 12 hours but said it would carry on searching for tunnels used by militants . The Islamist group Hamas , which dominates Gaza , said all Palestinian factions would abide by the brief truce .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has been spearheading international efforts to end the fighting , in which 985 Palestinians , many of them civilians , have been killed . Their diplomatic push was to continue on Saturday in Paris .
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said that the foreign ministers of all seven countries involved in the diplomacy -- the United States , France , Britain , Italy , Germany , Turkey and Qatar -- had called for an extension of the truce .
`` All of us call on the parties to extend the military ceasefire that is currently under way , '' Fabius said .
WAR TOLL
Israel said two more of its soldiers were killed in pre-truce fighting in Gaza , bringing the army death toll to 37 as troops battled militants in the tiny Mediterranean enclave that is home to 1.8 million Palestinians .
Two Israeli civilians and a Thai laborer have also been killed by rockets fired from Gaza . Israel launched its offensive on July 8 , vowing to halt repeated rocket fire out of Gaza by Hamas militants who want to break a blockade of the territory .
Stunned residents of Beit Hanoun wandered through destroyed streets lined with damaged houses or mounds of rubble where once whole buildings had stood . Some who had not seen each other for days embraced as they surveyed the wreckage around them .
Many of Beit Hanoun 's 30,000 residents had fled the area . `` We hope the calm lasts and they find a solution so fighting ends . We are afraid for our children 's safety , '' they said , adding they will not leave their home . `` There is no place to go . ''
Israeli tanks stood by as people searched through the debris for their belongings , packing whatever they could , blankets , furniture and clothes into taxis , trucks , rickshaws and donkey carts before fleeing the town .
Naser Tattar , director of Gaza 's main Shifa hospital , said most of the bodies recovered on Saturday came from Beit Hanoun , Khan Younis and Shejaia -- a district east of Gaza City . Residents returning to that neighborhood found entire blocks flattened .
Fighting continued until the truce took hold . Militants fired a barrage of rockets out of Gaza , triggering sirens across much of southern and central Israel . No injuries were reported and the Iron Dome interceptor system shot down some missiles .
EID AL-FITR
Minutes after the truce began , many Gaza residents rushed out of their homes and lined up outside banks to withdraw cash . Gaza City market was packed with people buying food and clothes for the coming Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr .
`` For us the Eid is going to be another day of war , another day of grief . I hope it all ends before we lose more people , '' said Shaima Mahmoud who was shopping with their four-year-old daughter for a holiday dress .
Israel on Friday rejected international proposals for an extended ceasefire , a government source said . But Kerry said in Cairo that no formal proposals had yet been put forward .
They said there were still disagreements on the terminology , but they were confident there was a framework that would ultimately succeed and that `` serious progress '' had been made , although there was more work to do .
Israel 's and Hamas 's positions are still far apart .
Hamas wants an end to an Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza before agreeing to halt hostilities . Israeli officials said any ceasefire must allow the military to carry on hunting down Hamas 's tunnel network that criss-crosses the Gaza border .
Israel says some of the tunnels reached into Israel and were meant to carry out attack on Israelis . Other underground passages serve as weapon caches and Hamas bunkers .
Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said on Friday the military could widen its Gaza offensive .
`` You must be prepared for the possibility that we will soon instruct the IDF ( Israel Defense Forces ) to significantly expand the ground operation in Gaza , '' Yaalon was quoted by their office as telling Israeli troops at an Iron Dome battery .
The Gaza turmoil has stoked tensions amongst Palestinians in East Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank .
Medics said eight Palestinians were killed in incidents near the West Bank cities of Nablus and Hebron on Friday -- the sort of death toll reminiscent of previous uprisings against Israel 's prolonged military rule there , which shows no sign of ending .
On Thursday night , 10,000 demonstrators marched in solidarity with Gaza near the Palestinian administrative capital Ramallah . Protesters surged against an Israeli army checkpoint , throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails , and Palestinian medics said one was shot dead and 200 wounded when troops opened fire .
The Palestine Liberation Organization of Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called for more demonstrations in the West Bank and said it was helping to try to secure a ceasefire deal . ( Additional reporting by Noah Browning in Gaza and Arshad Mohammed in Paris ; Writing by Maayan Lubell ; Editing by Tom Heneghan , Crispian Balmer and Stephen Powell )
The newspaper magnate had long campaigned against Asquith accusing the older man of lacking the vigour required of a war leader , not something the famously priapic Welshman 's worst enemies could accuse them of .
The showman is in power , and do the freedom fighters need a symbol more repulsive than a priapic presidency ?
No tardo sir William en observar dos misterios : que en el subsuelo de la iglesia hubiesen restos de un templo dedicado a Osiris ( que , como se sabe , sufrio amputacion de miembro activo ) y que las damas isernias llevasen a la iglesia unos priapic objects como ofrendas votivas .
And they are called L 'Ermilio , too -- see the ermine they caress , fierce and priapic , they strength of their ( oversized you think ?
Further , while Ge makes a compelling argument about the way in which the scholar-lover is turned from a passive and emasculated player in the examination arena into an active and virile player in the game of sex , one wishes that they had further investigated the significance of the reversal of roles in Li Yu 's Rou putuan , where the priapic hero is themselves subjected to a sexual evaluation by their prospective bedmate -- hence once again reverting to the position of the examinee .
This is certainly an eclectic offering , and it begins raunchily enough with a 2nd-century Roman marble torso of a hairy-thighed and proudly priapic Pan , which comes with an estimate of 40,000 [ pounds sterling ] -60,000 [ pounds sterling ] .
Bill Clinton did n't do it , because Al Gore was intent on coming across as their own , less priapic man .
Prince interprets the song -- which proffers a sex act still illegal in some states -- as an erotic pa de deux with their guitar , successfully one-upping Hendrix 's almost literally climactic Monterey Pop Festival set with a flick of their tongue and a caress of their priapic guitar neck .
In Decameron , The Canterbury Tales , and The Arabian Nights this very gaze has to confront also the debunking of the audience 's priapic imagery in favor or a more realistic and liberatory look at sexuality in bodies .
They deflate the priapic masculinity of the Horatian iambist by their accusations of mollitia ( softness ) and inertia ( torpor ) , words burdened with both literal and literary significance in Roman culture .
They violently upend their empire , sending eunuch soldiers to route out their priapic intruder -- who ends up goading the concubines with a shepherd 's staff into a stampede over the moat of the city .
Jpaan Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications ( MIC ) on January 20 released [ J ] that they are running an experiment to distribute files which name look like pirated TV drama videos from January 23 to 29 .
The fake drama videos will be distributed at least on two popular Japanese peer-to-peer file sharing tools/networks , Winny and Share .
The contents of the drama-named file [ J , pdf ] , if you download and open , to show caution that both upload and download pirated files are illegal .
# Download was illegalized since 2010 in Japan
The experiment traces if those people who see the caution will be enlightened and stop file sharing on Winny/Share .
The caution text is with signatures by following organizations ;
– The Association of Copyright for Computer Software ( ACCS )
– Japanese Society for Rights of Authors , Composers and Publishers ( JASRAC )
– Japan and International Motion Picture Copyright Association , Inc. ( JIMCA )
– Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ )
– The National Association of Commercial Broadcasters in Japan ( NAB )
[ Update ] NHK reported this [ J ] on the evening news nationwide . NHK told that the total number of Winny and Share users is about 150,000 per day . Japanese torrent users are 240,000 on the peak day .
via Internet Watch [ J ]
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Facebook
More
Google
Pinterest
Email
The fishing trawler Horizon started sinking after water ingress on 20 nautical miles off Seven Heads in West Cork , Ireland . The bad weather and strong winds , caused the problems for the ship , which started sinking . The crew sent distress signal to the local authorities and requested immediate assistance . At the scene of the accident was sent coast guard lifeboat , which dispatched to the fishing trawler mobile pump and crew for salvage . The fishing vessel Horizon was stabilized and the water ingress was put under control . The lifeboat started towing of the troubled ship with slow speed to the small fishing village of Union Hall , where it will be berthed at the pier for further repairs . The ship was stabilized and will be inspected before return in operations .
During the accident the weather conditions at sea were very poor with strong winds force 6/7 with heavy swells in the area . The visibility was very poor with low lying fog .
Fortunately there were no injured people and water pollution . The local authorities and coast guard started investigation for the root cause of water ingress .
The fishing trawler Horizon has overall length of 17.00 m , moulded beam of 5.00 m and maximum draft of 2.00 m .
7 Reasons To Be Excited About The Future of Work
It 's up to us — human beings — to make sure we see these possibilities through to fruition .
Michael Karnjanaprakorn Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 21 , 2017
By 2030 , millennials will make up 75 % of the workforce . Because they work differently , they will change the status quo of work . This generation will push through more innovation and change than we 've ever seen .
Many exciting new technologies will continue to transform the way we work , learn , and get opportunities . Here are some of them .
1 . Death of Boring , Routine Work
In a world with artificial intelligence , creativity is king . The one thing that is the hardest to replicate — conceptual work — will become the most valued in the new economy . The value of conceptual work will increase , while routine work will become automated .
It 's already starting to happen .
A factory in China replaced 90 % of human workers with robots . The outcome : production rose by 250 % and defects dropped by 80 % .
It 's not only happening with factory jobs . It 'll happen with any profession where the work is routine .
Oxford researchers suggest that 45 % of all US jobs could be automated within the next 20 years .
Throughout history , people have always innovated . Cars replaced horses . Self-driving cars will replace cars . Self-driving helicopter drone taxis will replace self-driving cars . This cycle will always continue .
2 . Work as an Option
When automation takes over routine work , governments will have to find a way to make up for lost wages .
The widening inequality gap is one of the reasons we 're still struggling with poverty .
Would n't it be great if everyone had their basic needs such as food , water , and security met ? Imagine if people could work on things they were passionate about — whether that 's art , starting a business , or doing nothing .
Universal basic income allows needs to be supported by a stipend , instead of working for a living . It gives everyone a certain amount of money even if professions are displaced by automation . This separates basic needs from employment .
In the future , I believe that basic income could eradicate global poverty .
Y Combinator is launching a basic income plan in Oakland . A few dozen Oakland residents will get $ 2,000 per month , no strings attached , for a year .
Finland is already experimenting to see if basic income will reduce poverty , social exclusion , and bureaucracy , while increasing the employment rate .
India is considering fighting poverty with a universal basic income .
3 . No ( Compensation ) Ceilings
By 2020 , 50 % of the U.S. workforce will be freelancers . Today , these freelancers work on-demand across many different gigs .
Wages have not kept up with increased productivity . In the future , you can be paid for the outcome of your work .
This fluid and flexible model of working will change the traditional definition of a career . No longer will the 9–5 cubicle be the archetype of the workforce .
As the value of conceptual work increases , the compensation for those services will also increase . This will create a more stable gig economy and new flexible services can surface such as universal healthcare .
Patreon allows creators to receive patronage from their fans on what they create . Most creators earn $ 25K each year creating videos , writing stories , and producing podcasts .
In the future , everyone will be able to make as much as they want . There will be fewer salary and compensation ceilings .
4 . Affordable , Personalized Education
With high-quality online education becoming more affordable and accessible , we will see the death of college debt . We 're already seeing a decline in college enrollments .
Long gone are the days where a college degree is your ticket to success . Low-quality education systems are filing for bankruptcy and replaced with affordable , high-quality alternatives .
University of Phoenix went out in flames with a 54 % drop in enrollments . They preyed on the lower class with the promise of high-paying jobs .
Today , there is a rise of platforms such as Skillshare ( my company ) , Udacity , Codecademy , and Byju . These platforms are affordable , high-quality , and accessible to millions of students worldwide .
Alt School : Smithsonian Magazine
Education is also becoming personalized . AltSchool leverages technology to create personalized learning experiences for students . Each student works with a highly individualized “ playlist , ” a personalized lesson plan based not just on their or their interests , but also how and under what conditions they or they are most motivated to learn .
In the future , students will learn in a “ one size fits one ” model . It 'll be high-quality , affordable , and personalized . The starting line will be even and education will become a basic human right for everyone .
5 . Distributed Work ( ers ) from Anywhere
The traditional office structure is crumbling . Companies will become more nimble , empowering and more decentralized . This offers more freedom , flexibility and upward mobility for many .
“ The future of work is not around the structure of the org chart but the structure of the network . The organization is not a given hierarchy , but an ongoing process of responsive organizing. ” — Esko Kilpi
The org chart will be replaced with the network , thus changing the way companies operate , compete , and strategize .
No longer will we be confined by location . The future network will allow the best talent to work for any company from anywhere in the world .
6 . Global Internet Access
Over ⅔ of the world 's population does n't yet have Internet access . This is nearly 4 billion in the world !
Project Loon ( from Google X ) is a network of balloons traveling on the edge of space , designed to connect people in rural and remote areas , help fill coverage gaps , and bring people back online after disasters .
Facebook is testing out a solar-powered Aquila plane , designed to deliver internet access to remote areas of the world .
SpaceX plans to launch 4,425 Internet satellites to encircle the planet in high-speed internet satellites . This is roughly three-times the number of satellites that currently orbit the earth .
By giving every single person access to the Internet , we 'll continue to democratize information , empower the masses , and unlock everyone 's full potential .
7 . Upward Mobility for All
In the future , people will find opportunities based on talent and effort . This is a great step in the right direction for social mobility .
Andela selects the top 1 % of tech talent from the largest pool of untapped talent in the world — the African continent .
Their motto is , “ dubbed the startup that 's harder to get into than Harvard by CNN , we sift through tens of thousands of applicants so you dont have to . ”
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi sparked outrage yesterday for suggesting that Italy 's women were so beautiful they needed military escorts to avoid being raped .
Berlusconi made the comments in response to questions about their proposal to deploy 300,000 soldiers in the streets to fight crime . A series of violent attacks , including a rape in Rome on New Year 's Eve and another outside the city this week , have put pressure on the government to crack down on crime .
But Berlusconi said that , even in a militarised state , crimes like rape can happen .
`` You ca n't consider deploying a force that would be sufficient to prevent the risk , '' they said .
`` We would have to have so many soldiers because our women are so beautiful . ''
Opposition MPs denounced the comments .
Giovanna Melandri of the Democratic Party said Berlusconi 's comments were `` profoundly offensive '' .
Berlusconi , in an effort to explain himself , said they were complimenting Italian women `` because there are only about 100,000 people in law enforcement , while there are millions of beautiful women '' .
They stressed that rape was a serious and `` disgraceful '' crime . But they added that people should never forget a sense of `` levity and good humour '' whenever their comments are concerned .
-AP
As chairperson of Goldman Sachs Asset Management , Jim O'Neill is responsible for some $ 800 billion in assets . At the beginning of February , they made the surprise announcement that they would leave the bank by the end of this year .
O'Neill , 55 , became well-known in 2001 for a paper in which they were the first to coin the acronomyn BRIC , for the developing nations of Brazil , Russia , India and China , which they predicted would be the great economic powers of the future . More recently , South Africa has also been frequently named as belonging to this circle .
The quintet , now called BRICS , accounts for about 40 percent of the world 's population and has long seen itself as a counterweight to established powers , such as the United States or the European Union . At the end of March , BRICS leaders are scheduled to meet in Durban , South Africa , as part of their search for a new world order and their role in it .
Mr. O'Neill , managing more than $ 800 billion in assets seems to be a challenging job . Why do n't you like it anymore ?
O'Neill : That 's not the point . I very much like what I do . But after more than 17 years as a partner at Goldman Sachs , I have decided to take stock . And I have come to the conclusion that it is time to move on and try out a new life out there .
SPIEGEL : What do you mean ? Are you going to retire and travel around the world ? Or are you going you join the board of directors of another bank , say Deutsche Bank ?
O'Neill : Nice try to provoke me , but no , I can not be any more specific . For sure , I will not withdraw from the business entirely .
SPIEGEL : Does your resignation possibly have something to do with the poor image Goldman Sachs has been suffering from ? Only recently , Greenpeace awarded the firm the mock `` Public Eye Award '' for `` worst company of the year '' because Goldman Sachs helped Greece hide its public debt , and thus bears a large share of responsibility for the financial crisis . And now it is working in non-transparent ways again .
O'Neill : This has nothing to do with my personal decision . It may come as a surprise to you what I am saying now : I believe that the critics are right in some respects . Some of us did not behave responsibly enough in some points . Some of us failed to understand that our dealings affect the whole of humankind . They behave as if one could decouple from the real world . We are rightly being criticized for that .
SPIEGEL : You could start a second career as secretary general of the BRICS countries .
O'Neill : I have indeed received a few offers during the last several days , and this proposal is certainly one of the more interesting ones ! However , I do n't know whether the heads of the BRICS countries want to create such a post and , if so , whether they would like to give it to me . On the other hand , this club of countries owes its very existence to me -- if I may say so in all modesty . So I will be waiting for a call to come in .
SPIEGEL : At last year 's meeting in Delhi , BRICS leaders already discussed some very specific joint actions such as establishing a `` Bank of the South '' to compete with the Western country-dominated World Bank ...
O'Neill : ... which I think is a fascinating idea that is being championed by India and , probably also by Brazil . However , it remains to be seen whether the Chinese really like this plan . At this point , it would be important for the BRICS countries to launch concrete projects if they want to be more than a club that is loosely tied together . They have already agreed on measures to facilitate trade between them and issued joint demands on some foreign and environmental policy topics . More can be done .
SPIEGEL : Are the BRICS countries not too different to form a really powerful group ? When you invented the BRICS concept , did it ever occur to you that they would have such an impact on world politics ?
O'Neill : No , of course not ! Try to imagine the situation in which I came up with that idea . This was shortly after 9/11 . The terrorist attacks on New York and Washington strengthened my belief that the dominance of the western countries needed to be superseded , or at least complemented , by something else . If globalization were to continue to be successful , it should not sail under the US flag . It seemed to me that because of their sheer size and their populations , China , India , Russia and Brazil had the economic potential . What emerging markets have in common -- in addition to their distrust of the West -- is their bright future . But apart from that , they could hardly be more different in terms of their politics and , also , their economic systems .
SPIEGEL : Economically , have the BRICs developed as you expected ?
O'Neill : They have exceeded all expectations . In slightly over a decade the group 's GDP has grown from approximately $ 3 billion to $ 13 billion . The BRIC countries have the potential to avert a global recession and to grow faster than the rest of the world and to pull all of us along with them as a ( growth ) engine .
SPIEGEL : That is what you say . But China , India , Russia and Brazil are also facing significant crises . Ruchir Sharma , your counterpart and the head of Morgan Stanley Investment Management , has already proclaimed the end of the miracle . In an article entitled `` Broken BRICs '' they wrote that `` the world economy 's new BRICs are broken '' ...
O'Neill : and part of the press keeps echoing that . This is so plain wrong that , depending on the mood I 'm in , it sometimes amuses and sometimes irritates me .
SPIEGEL : You are not going to deny that last year the BRICs caused considerable disappointment and that their economic performance has also been far from splendid so far this year .
O'Neill : Opinions differ on this . Last year , China 's economy grew by 7.7 percent . Thus , in 2012 the country again created the equivalent of another Greek economy every 11 and a half weeks . Admittedly , a rather slow growth rate by Chinese standards . Importantly , the reasons for China 's lower growth rate were structural and cyclical in nature . It was a planned downturn , mainly due to concerns about overheating and inflation . During the last quarter China already did better again , coming out of its trough .
SPIEGEL : Do n't you see any warning signs in the large number of strikes , in corruption and the growing gap between the rich and the poor ? Are you selling shares in China funds right now ?
O'Neill : During my visits to China I have always been struck by how undogmatic the country 's ruling party is about making economic-policy decisions . During the last two years , they tightened the financial reins a good deal because China 's leadership tried to protect itself against inflation , and apparently they have overdone it . While I do not expect bold moves from the new political leadership , I do expect them to cautiously continue the reforms that have already started with the aim of raising living standards and reducing the huge gap between the rich and the poor .
SPIEGEL : Are you also so optimistic about Russia , Brazil and India ?
O'Neill : Not quite . Russia must free itself from its dependence on oil and gas exports , but they stand a good chance of achieving continuous annual growth rates slightly above 4 percent . While Brazil needs to do more to foster growth , great opportunities lie ahead for the country in the long run because of its raw materials and industrial performance . Leaving aside South Africa , which does not belong in this club in the first place , India is the BRIC country facing the biggest challenges . The government in Delhi would need to do more to support foreign direct investment , and ( the country 's economy ) urgently needs some stimulus . They simply do not govern enough . Politicians in India fatally believe that things will get better by themselves and that they do n't need to do anything to contribute to this . Nevertheless , the country remains highly interesting . Besides , with its very young population it enjoys a demographic advantage .
SPIEGEL : Many investors feel the BRICS markets no longer offer the kind of return on investment they are looking for . Do you see any countries emerging that could replace them ?
O'Neill : When I identified Mexico , Indonesia , South Korea and Turkey as new growth markets , somebody suggested calling them `` MIST . ''
SPIEGEL : investors are now referring to these four countries as `` SMIT '' ...
O'Neill : Be that as it may : They are up-and-coming .
SPIEGEL : And what about your own industry ? What is your view on the question , which is being hotly debated in Germany right now , of separating investment banks and commercial banks to shield retail investors from any liability for potential losses resulting from speculative transactions ?
O'Neill : I do think that such a separation would make sense in principle . Investment banking is quite different from commercial banking . And with respect to bonuses : I am against variable annual raises . The former partnership model worked well . Under this model the money went into a capital account where wealth was accumulated until retirement . We need to fight excesses .
SPIEGEL : Now you almost sound like an Occupy activist .
O'Neill : In certain respects , I am indeed an outsider in my profession . At any rate , I am not part of the establishment . Which I am happy about . Many people working in this industry are picked up by a chauffeur in the morning , have lunch with their lot only in expensive restaurants , and are driven back home after 14 hours in the office . They are simply not aware that there is a life beyond their jobs or beyond their income bracket . I use the London Tube and take time off to spend with friends and people from other professions . To me it is important to mix with people from all parts of society . And especially with football fans , whom I regularly meet at pubs .
SPIEGEL : Why such openness ?
O'Neill : This certainly has to do with where I come from . My father left school when they were 14 and worked as a mail carrier . My sister and I grew up in humble surroundings in Manchester . Our parents saved every penny so that we could go to university .
Advertisement
Identity is easy to take for granted . Most of us have multiple legal documents or ID cards that prove we are who we say we are . But for many of the world 's poorest citizens , the lack of legal identity is a barrier to participating in commerce and receiving services .
In India , an estimated 500 million people have no form of reliable identification . It 's a problem the Indian government has set out to fix through a five-year project with a budget of US $ 430 million for this year . Starting six months ago with rural populations , the government has begun to create a biometric database that will eventually contain an unprecedented hundred of millions of records . `` We are talking about 10 times more than anything else that has been done before , '' says Anil Jain , an IEEE Fellow and distinguished professor at Michigan State University , who is an expert in biometrics .
From each volunteer participant , the government collects 10 fingerprints , 2 iris images , and a photo , and if the new data do n't match any identity already enrolled , it assigns the person a unique 12-digit number . After that , a single fingerprint or iris scan should be all that 's needed to verify the identity of any person . As of the end of March , the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) has registered more than 4 million people this way . The UIDAI hopes to eventually collect biometrics from a majority of the Indian population .
India has many federal and state programs to help people living in poverty , but today it 's nearly impossible to be sure that funds and benefits are actually being delivered to those who need them . The ID project is an attempt to cut down on fraud and graft by increasing accountability and transparency . It 's also meant to provide access to banking and the formal economy that many people lack .
Government biometrics programs have been tried before and failed , in India and elsewhere . The United Kingdom 's universal ID program , for instance , got bogged down by both costs and privacy concerns and did n't offer tangible benefits to the average citizen . But the UIDAI 's universal ID program , or Aadhaar , as it 's called , seems to be off to a fast start . As soon as they were appointed in July 2009 , chairperson Nandan M. Nilekani set the ambitious goal of issuing the first million IDs within 12 to 18 months , and the UIDAI hit that mark by January 2011 . Efficiency is not a strength of most government bureaucracies , so Nilekani looked to Silicon Valley for help .
A core group of Indian expats with Silicon Valley start-up experience began working on the problem , as unpaid volunteers . A three-bedroom flat in Bangalore served as the group 's living and work space for six months . `` We converted the living room into an office and started designing the core of the biometric system , '' says Salil Prabhakar , a biometrics expert who was recruited for the project . In the meantime , Nilekani 's office prepared the paperwork and logistics to give the team official authority .
Prabhakar and their colleagues started by looking at best practices developed by other biometrics researchers . The U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology , the International Standards Organization , and the FBI `` have done a lot of work to come up with good specifications [ PDF ] , '' says Prabhakar . `` If UID happened 10 years ago , life would have been much harder for us . '' By using standard specifications , the Indian project has been able to use many existing devices and data interchange formats and avoid having to rely on a single private biometrics equipment vendor or proprietary format .
Still , the Indian project has presented unique obstacles . Take fingerprints , the most mature and best-understood biomarker . Because almost all scholarly publications had focused on Western subjects for law-enforcement purposes , Prabhakar and their colleagues were in the dark about how well such systems work when data are collected in a variety of locations and conditions from a rural population of Indians , many of whose fingerprints have been obscured or erased by manual labor .
So UIDAI started with smaller proof-of-concept programs to test the accuracy of the ID generation process with tens of thousands of subjects . There are two factors that determine accuracy : the false positive rate , which is how often a newly registered person 's record is judged to be a duplicate of someone else 's record , and the false negative rate , which is the frequency that true duplicate records—for instance , if someone registered twice under two names—are not recognized as such . In the pilot study , the researchers found that by adding the iris scans to the 10 fingerprints , they could decrease the false negative rate by a factor of 50 over the use of irises alone and by a factor of 25 over the use of fingerprints alone . `` It 's hard to make a system error free , '' says Jain , `` but the important thing is to minimize the error . ''
When a duplicate record is detected , it is flagged for manual verification . In the pilot study , the system generated false positive errors in 0.0025 percent of cases . That rate would generate 25 erroneous records daily , if the project makes the goal of 1 million IDs per day by October 2011 set by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee .
In order to scale up so quickly , UIDAI has piggybacked on existing government infrastructure : Biometrics data are collected at government offices by government employees or private enrollment agencies . These workers use officially approved sensors costing $ 1000 to $ 2000 . A single sensor can collect data from 50 people per day .
So far , the project has done better with speed than accuracy . Raj Mashruwala , part of the core volunteer team , says that the biggest challenge has been consistently getting high-quality data from the enrollment operators . `` I do n't think they are yet at a stage where it 's working flawlessly , '' they say , but UIDAI will be updating training and procedures to make improvements .
All of this is still just the first phase of the program . Additional pilot tests are ongoing to figure out the best way to run verifications against the database . Despite the rapid early pace , it will be years before the project can succeed in all its goals .
Watch
Listen
DMT , or Dimethyltryptamine , is often regarded as amongst , if not the , most intense psychedelic experiences one can go through ; it 's zero to hyperspace in 15secs , and back to baseline within a few minutes .
Questions about the nature of the DMT experience , and that of all psychedelics , naturally guide us to wonder “ what is this chemical doing to catalyze such an experience ? “ . Our guest for this episode , Christopher Timmermann is someone asking exactly that question , and he 's got the research funding to use a bunch of huge machines to figure it out .
Christopher Timmermann is the cognitive neuroscientist leading a project at Imperial College London focusing on the effects of DMT in the brain and human consciousness . They are interested in the use of methods bridging the relationship between the phenomenology evoked by the psychedelic experience and changes in brain activity using diverse neuroimaging tools .
We have them on the show to ask them some nerdy questions about their research on DMT , psychedelic research in general , and the relationship between neural activity and altered consciousness .
Enjoy !
Episode Breakdown
What is DMT and why Chris is researching it .
The most common and baffling reports on the DMT experience .
The value of psychedelic research for understanding consciousness and the brain
The research that has been done on DMT in the brain . What do we know already and what 's next ?
The relationship between psychedelics and the ‘ default mode network ' and its impact on our sense of self .
Using light/sound frequencies and brain entrainment to produce DMT experiences .
Does DMT have an inherent positive effect on the brain ? Could it become a clinical medicine ?
All about that machine that provides a continuous DMT infusion , keeping a person under for 20mins or more .
Is there DMT naturally occurring in our bodies and , if so , what is its role ?
The neural relationship between brain function , psychedelics , death and consciousness in general .
Psychedelic therapy is coming ; what impact people regularly experience DMT or psilocybin have on society ?
Relevant Links
Here you can find a collection Christopher 's current published papers .
The DMT Experience , The Human Brain & The Science of Consciousness ( Article )
Dynamic Transitions Of Consciousness : An EEG Study Using DMT ( Video Lecture )
Help me make more podcasts !
Check me out On PATREON
OR DONATE VIA PAYPAL
( other support options , e.g . bitcoin , here )
-Saint Walker will be returning in the second half of the season
-Both Tomar-Re and Ch ' p make appearances !
-We 'll see the return of the Manhunters , although they do n't look too good in the sizzle reel
-As previously reported Deidrich Bader will be voicing Guy Gardner and apparently they have nailed the character
-There are no plans to do a crossover with the new Batman CGI series
During the Panel for DC Nation at this years San Diego Comic Conhad a presence . Some of the highlights from the panel are that you can expect Lanterns Tomar-Re and Ch ' p to be making their debuts on the show when it returns this Fall . Also they talked at the panel that there areplans to do a crossover episode with the new Batman CGI show Beware The Batman . Check the bullet points from the panel below courtesy of The Blog of Oa The series is set to return this Fall and like previously reported expect for Guy Gardner to be showing up just like Ch ' p and Tomar-re . There has been no information given on who will voice Ch ' p or Tomar-re , but expect and announcement closer to the premiere of season two . Make sure you check back here at CBM to get all yourAND Comic Con news .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teenager charged with arson after a firefighter died in a city centre blaze has walked free after the charge was dramatically dropped , three days before they were due to stand trial .
A judge said they were ‘ blameless ' as far as criminal law went but ‘ guilty only of being careless ' after a court was told the fire was possibly caused by a discarded cigarette .
The 15-year-old was due in court on Monday at Manchester Crown Court to stand trial , accused of arson - reckless as to whether life endangered .
But after a meeting of Crown lawyers , police , and the Crown Prosecution Service it was decided not to progress the case .
The girl was summonsed to court after firefighter Stephen Hunt died in a fire at Paul 's Hair World in the Northern Quarter .
Mr Hunt , 38 , a father-of-two , from Whitefield , Bury , was one of 60 firefighters who battled the shop blaze on July 13 , 2013 .
Alexander Leach , prosecuting , told the court this afternoon that new scientific evidence had come to light which meant the crown could not rule out accidental ignition .
They said “ This is a case in which a fire was caused at Paul 's Hair World on Oldham Street in the city centre .
`` The prosecution case against this defendant was based on initial scientific findings which indicated the fire had been set by the application of a naked flame on to cardboard boxes .
`` Further scientific evidence has been conducted which means that accidental ignition by the application of a discarded cigarette now can not be excluded . ”
Mr Leach said there were some damaged cardboard boxes behind a fire door where the fire began .
The court heard there was a gap beneath the door on the hot day when the fire began and a potential ‘ chimney effect ' could not be ruled out .
“ The conclusion is , therefore , that the Crown 's case can no longer be sustained and we will now be offering no evidence . ”
Judge Michael Henshell said the case involved “ terrible and tragic ” loss of a firefighter and indicated the danger of discarding cigarettes .
They said : “ The girl who was facing a trial was in fact blameless as far as the criminal law is involved and guilty only of being careless . ”
An inquest will now be held later in the year into Mr Hunt 's death .
Ninety firefighters have been interviewed by police in an investigation into their death .
Mr Hunt and a colleague got into difficulties while fighting the blaze and they were taken to hospital but could not be saved .
( Image : Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service/PA Wire )
Fire and police launched a joint investigation into the cause of the fire and two 15-year-old girls were arrested and bailed pending further enquiries .
Just one was charged over the fire .
Mr Hunt 's family are understood to be angry because of the time taken on the case as the anticipated court proceedings have considerably delayed the inquest .
A fire brigade source said : “ Now the family must wait even longer to finds out the the truth . ”
Chris Kyle , the renowned Navy SEAL who wrote a book called “ American Sniper ” that turned into a blockbuster film starring Bradley Cooper , claimed in their book that they received two Silver Stars and five Bronze Stars , but internal Navy documents obtained by The Intercept say Kyle only received one Silver Star and three Bronze Stars .
Was the American Sniper Chris Kyle an American Liar ? @ sheelaghnyc & I try to answer https : //t.co/13n7dY7Z7F — Matthew Cole ( @ matthewacole ) May 25 , 2016
Because of this , Gawker is calling Kyle an “ American Liar . ”
The headline has been met with a negative response .
@ Gawker Really you are going to call a deceased veteran out for lying ? Their accomplishments should far outweigh words written in a book ! — Dunster14 ( @ dunster14 ) May 25 , 2016
@ Gawker Really you are going to call a deceased veteran out for lying ? Their accomplishments should far outweigh words written in a book ! — Dunster14 ( @ dunster14 ) May 25 , 2016
@ Gawker You guys are disgraceful . The man left behind a wife & kids , & you 're still trying to demonize them even in death . Let it go . — C ( @ hippieXox ) May 25 , 2016
@ Gawker are you serious with this HED ? ? ? — katherine shelby ( @ katherineshelby ) May 25 , 2016
@ Gawker how did it feel to get FUCKED by Hulk Hogan in front of the world ? How/why are you still in business ? — HammerTime ( @ BHammer2422 ) May 25 , 2016
@ Gawker leave this planet and never come back — Davey Jones ( @ SteelerNation97 ) May 25 , 2016
RELATED : Chris Kyle 's wife shared the one thing they wanted to be remembered for , and it proves their death was not in vain
In their book Kyle wrote that they “ would end my career as a SEAL with two Silver Stars and five Bronze [ Stars ] , all for valor . ”
Here is what The Intercept reported on that claim :
But Kyle , who was murdered by a fellow military veteran [ Eddie Routh ] several years after leaving the Navy , embellished their military record , according to internal Navy documents obtained by The Intercept . During their 10 years of military service and four deployments , Kyle earned one Silver Star and three Bronze Stars with Valor , a record confirmed by Navy officials . Kyle was warned at least once before American Sniper was published that its description of their medal count was wrong , according to one current Navy officer , who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak about the case . As Kyle 's American Sniper manuscript was distributed among SEALs , one of their former commanders , who was still on active duty , advised Kyle that their claim of having two Silver Stars was false , and they should correct it before their book was published .
RELATED : An adventure park in Georgia is honoring Chris Kyle in an a-maze-ing way
The report says Kyle was warned of the inaccuracy prior to the publishing of “ American Sniper. ” Thus , anonymous internal Navy sources claimed that the “ embellishment ” was known to the Navy .
A SEAL officer interviewed by The Intercept speaking anonymously said “ SEAL leadership was aware of the embellishment , but did n't want to correct the record because Kyle 's celebrity status reflected well on the command . ”
“ Everybody went on a pilgrimage to their funeral at Cowboys Stadium knowing full well their claims were n't true , ” they added .
Kyle was murdered in 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh at a shooting range . They were survived by wife Taya Kyle and two children .
As recently as April , Taya Kyle remembered their husband on their birthday with a heartfelt message .
“ I celebrate you with an ache in my heart and a gratitude beyond all gratitude that God made someone as amazing as you and that I was allowed to love you at all , ” they wrote . “ I love you and hope heaven is throwing one heck of a party for a life well-lived . You earned it ! ”
Integrated assessment model
We use the integrated assessment model REMIND17,18 that combines an inter-temporal general equilibrium model of the macroeconomy with a detailed energy system model that explicitly represents vintage capital stocks for more than 50 conventional and low-carbon energy conversion technologies and tracks energy flows from primary through secondary to final energy . It maximizes inter-temporal welfare of 11 world regions that are linked by trade in primary energy carriers , an aggregated trade good , and in the case of climate policy emission permits . The macroeconomic production function has labour , capital and various final energy carriers as inputs ( which can be substituted for one another with constant elasticities of substitution ) , while economic output is used for consumption , trade , investments into the macroeconomic capital stock , and energy system expenditures . The macroeconomic and the energy system modules are hard-linked via final energy demand and costs incurred by the energy system . Energy production and final energy demand are determined by market equilibrium ( that is , between marginal utility and marginal costs of energy use ) . REMIND also accounts for technological learning of wind and solar technologies , as well as alternative transport technologies . It is therefore capable of representing path dependencies such as lock-ins into long-lived capital stocks and learning-by-doing . It operates on five-year time steps from 2005 to 2060 and ten-year time steps until 2100 .
Non-biomass renewable energies ( hydropower , wind , solar PV and CSP ) are represented by regional potentials classified into grades differing in capacity factors . Superior grades allow for more full-load hours and are utilized first , which contributes to a gradual expansion of renewables utilization . Variable renewable energies ( VREs ; wind , PV and to some extent CSP ) require storage and grid expansion to guarantee a stable electricity supply . REMIND therefore includes requirements for storage and transmission that increase with rising market share of VREs and incur investment and operation costs . Since these requirements are more characteristic of the power system as a whole than the individual VRE technologies , they are not included in the analysis of EEU and indirect emissions in this study .
IAM scenarios
The Baseline scenario describes welfare-optimal investments in and utilization of energy transformation capacities , and reflects current energy policies ( for example , taxes and subsidies ) but no explicit climate policies , such as the nationally determined contributions1 . It projects electricity consumption of 194 EJ in 2050 , based on 57 % fossil fuel energy carriers , 33 % renewables and 10 % nuclear . In the 2 °C Policy scenario , a uniform carbon tax of 2005 US $ 25.5 per tCO 2 in 2020 , growing by 5 % per annum , is imposed to limit warming to well below 2 °C throughout the twenty-first century . 2050 electricity consumption increases to 210 EJ due to higher electrification ( primary energy use is reduced by one-quarter ) . The share of renewables increases to 66 % and that of nuclear to 22 % , while the share of fossil fuels ( including CCS ) declines to 10 % . For more details , see Supplementary Note 1 .
An important feature of our Policy scenario is the implementation of climate change mitigation across all world regions through a globally uniform carbon tax . This policy assumption reflects internationally concerted efforts as envisaged in the COP21 Paris Agreement1 . As a result , the main cause for carbon leakage ( fragmented climate protection policies between countries that lead to regionally differentiated carbon intensities ) is not present in our scenarios .
Embodied energy use coefficients
These are derived from the multi-regional prospective LCA modelling framework THEMIS10,19 and are subdivided by secondary energy carrier ( solids , liquids , gases and electricity ) and life-cycle phases ( construction , operation and end-of-life ) of power-sector technologies on a per-capacity ( for example , GJ el MW−1 ) or per-production ( for example , GJ solids kWh−1 ) basis . They also account for different energy mixes in scenarios with and without climate mitigation ( see Supplementary Note 3 ) . EEU related to bioenergy production was derived from results on crop yields , land requirements , irrigation water use , and nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer use of the global land-use allocation model MAgPIE20 , which minimizes costs for the fulfilment of exogenous food , livestock and bioenergy demands , subject to biophysical and socio-economic constraints . Nine different scenarios were assessed , for which the type of biomass used for bioenergy production ( traditional rain-fed , traditional and purpose-grown rain-fed , and traditional and purpose-grown irrigated ) and the level of CO 2 taxes applied in the agricultural sector ( 0 , 5 or 2005 US $ 30 per tCO 2 in 2020 , increasing exponentially with 5 % per annum ) were varied . The US $ 30 scenario reflects consistent pricing of GHG emissions between the land-use and other sectors , whereas the others reflect inconsistent pricing and result in insufficient mitigation activities within the land-use sector . All values were obtained by comparing a scenario with 100 EJ yr−1 primary energy production from biomass in 2050 ( most of which is used outside the power sector ) with one without bioenergy production . The modelling results ( weighted means ) are based on a scenario of traditional and purpose-grown rain-fed biomass production with a 2005 US $ 30 per tCO 2 tax in the agricultural sector in 2020 , which is consistent with REMIND scenario assumptions .
Emissions
REMIND accounts for residual CO 2 emissions from imperfect capture within coal- and gas-fired CCS plants and negative emissions from BECCS plants , assuming capture rates of 90 % . It furthermore endogenously represents upstream CH 4 emissions from coal and gas production and their abatement following the approach of Strefler et al.40 and Lucas et al.41 .
To derive indirect specific CO 2 emissions from EEU , EEU derived from the LCA methodology was combined with the CO 2 intensities of secondary energy carriers endogenous to REMIND , summed over the technologies ' lifetimes and divided by the total electricity produced over the lifetimes . The results in terms of grams of CO 2 per kilowatt hour can be compared with direct CO 2 and other GHG emissions . Since end-of-life energy use is very small compared with that of construction , both figures were combined , which slightly overestimates the GHG emissions of technologies ( as carbon intensities decrease over time ) .
Indirect emissions from EEU were implemented in REMIND using mark-ups on the investment and operation and maintenance ( O & M ) costs that determine technology use in the model18 . The price mark-ups were derived by multiplying EEU for construction and operation ( either per capacity or per electricity produced ) with the CO 2 intensities of energy carriers and the CO 2 price ( both model endogenous ) . They reflect energy used and thus emissions caused during construction and operation and account for the fact that the Reminder parameterization of future investment and operation and maintenance ( O & M ) costs does not account for likely price increases in CO 2 -intensive goods and services such as cement , steel and transportation . Note that this accounting is only financial ( averting double-counting of emissions ) , since the physical emissions of the steel , cement , other industry and transport sectors are already implicitly accounted for in the general equilibrium formulation of the Reminder model .
Emissions from LULUC were used directly from the MAgPIE results21,22 . As the conversion of areas for agricultural use entails large non-recurring emissions of CO 2 , these have been calculated as the quotient of cumulated CO 2 emissions and cumulated bioenergy production . N 2 O and CH 4 emissions from land-use change are used directly .
Regional and technology variance
The THEMIS modelling framework considers individual technology variants ( with differing demands for embodied energy ) 19 , where the Reminder model uses only one aggregate technology ( for example , solar PV is represented in THEMIS by six different technology variants : polycrystalline silicon , cadmium telluride and copper indium gallium selenide modules , mounted either on rooftop or on the ground ) . Average life-cycle demands are computed on the basis of market shares assumed within THEMIS19 .
The figures for EEU and specific emissions are global averages of capacities installed in 2050 ; that is , global EEU or emissions over global lifetime electricity production . The ranges across individual life-cycle demands of technology variants , the nine MAgPIE scenarios for biomass production and values for the 11 individual REMIND regions were used as a measure of variance .
Data availability
The data that support the plots within this paper and other findings of this study are available from the corresponding author upon reasonable request .
I have a private azure storage container and am I trying out azure storage SAS , so that I can upload and download files . I am able to generate the signature , but it always throws me the Authentication Fail error
AuthenticationFailed Server failed to authenticate the request . Make sure the value of Authorization header is formed correctly including the signature . RequestId : a9dce486-0001-0021-23f7-d8f6dc000000 Time:2017-05-30T03:45:56.6617677Z Signature did not match . String to sign used was r 2017-05-30T03:40:48Z 2017-05-30T03:55:48Z /blob/ { myaccount } / { mycontainer } /11e1575f-d3ad-40cc-b1ce-32e24dc20324.jpg 2016-05-31
This is the code I have which generates a signature for me to use , and returns the full URI to access the file .
var accountAndKey = new StorageCredentials ( `` * * * * * * '' , `` * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * '' ) ; var storageAccount = new CloudStorageAccount ( accountAndKey , true ) ; var sasConstraints = new SharedAccessBlobPolicy ( ) ; sasConstraints.SharedAccessStartTime = DateTime.UtcNow.AddMinutes ( -5 ) ; sasConstraints.SharedAccessExpiryTime = DateTime.UtcNow.AddMinutes ( 10 ) ; sasConstraints.Permissions = SharedAccessBlobPermissions.Read ; CloudBlobClient blobClient = storageAccount.CreateCloudBlobClient ( ) ; CloudBlobContainer container = blobClient.GetContainerReference ( `` * * * * * '' ) ; CloudBlockBlob blockBlob = container.GetBlockBlobReference ( `` 11e1575f-d3ad-40cc-b1ce-32e24dc20324.jpg '' ) ; var sasBlobToken = blockBlob.GetSharedAccessSignature ( sasConstraints ) ; var sas = blockBlob.Uri + sasBlobToken ; return sas ;
This is the signature it generates
? sv=2016-05-31 & sr=b & sig=9fUwDWfdtUifv9iZXJKgILEM7Yx1uP3Ku0vrspjWyz8 % 3D & st=2017-05-30T03 % 3A40 % 3A43Z & se=2017-05-30T03 % 3A55 % 3A43Z & sp=r
I used the Azure portal to generate the signature and it works fine . I append it and am able to download the file as usual . This is the signature it generates
? sv=2016-05-31 & ss=b & srt=sco & sp=r & se=2017-05-30T03:57:25Z & st=2017-05-30T03:52:25Z & spr=https & sig=JOnhkge0QWNdv8sXJjb5GazTo9c34KH1IvZBvcNgjHo % 3D
I highly suspect its an issue with the timestamp . Because I can see some differences in the timestamp between what I generate from the code , and what is generated from the portal .
Any ideas are much appreciated . Thanks .
EDIT I updated the code to add one day till expiry and removed the start time , this is the signature now
? sv=2016-05-31 & sr=b & sig=73m3 % 2Bj % 2BUsFk537vd8a7F % 2BdpdON1Pg2RZ1IRynMH4zGA % 3D & se=2017-05-31T06 % 3A12 % 3A07Z & sp=r
but it still doesnt allow me to download the file . Same error message .
In their State of the Union speech , President Obama will outline a plan to overhaul the federal tax code . Their objective will be to reduce inequality in the tax structure , but even if these reforms are enacted , they might only help marginally , says Matthew Gardner , executive director of the Institute of Tax and Economic Policy . That 's because they would n't address unfair tax systems at the state and local levels .
`` At the state level , we 're redistributing income away from poor people and giving it to rich people , '' says Gardner .
A new report released by ITEP illustrates just how bad the problem has become . The chart below , from the report , shows that the poorest Americans pay nearly 11 percent of their income in taxes . By comparison , the wealthiest only pay a 5.4-percent tax share .
Of the three main forms of state taxes—sales , property , and income—the sales tax hurts the poor most , says Gardner . State sales taxes are highly `` regressive , '' they say . That is , they end up taking a bigger chunk of change from people that have smaller sums of money and slower income growth .
Hello everyone ! First things first , we are working nonstop on the game and the development process takes all of our time , but we promise to keep you more informed about the progress of PLFC henceforth .
A beautiful plant
Today we want to reveal some of the refinements in the basic animations of the plant , which was one of the graphic updates that we promised to implement .
Most of them are remade , showing more fluid and detailed sequences and smoothing the transition between them . As you can see , now the leaves of the head have more movement and the roots display bigger waves , adding volume to the overall look of each posture . Also , we added a wider mass on some stances ( like crouch ) to perform a coherent jump from one animation to another .
We hope you appreciate these improvements and help make Paradise Lost the best game we can offer to all of you !
Our space on the Gamepedia
We are happy to announce our newest partnership with the Gamepedia , bringing you the official Paradise Lost game wiki . They 'll add more content related to characters , game mechanics and more , so keep an eye on the PLFC page for more info .
Right now on Kickstarter
We do n't want to miss the opportunity to help other developers that are making great campaigns and need a little push , so here 's our indie recommendations :
Galactic Princess
A pixel art space survival that brings you ship fights , galactic trades and a great touch of humor with a lot of pop culture references . Do n't miss it .
The Book of Unwritten Tales 2
Fantasy adventure story that is an humorous homage of classics like Discworld and LotR , featuring hundreds of logical puzzles and multi-character-gameplay .
La Mulana 2
And for the last a project that does n't need presentation , the sequel of the acclaimed title La Mulana , a wonderful retro looking adventure made by Nigoro . You can also try its demo right here .
The new head of the UK 's privacy watchdog plans to crack down on major technology companies , promising to “ delve deeper ” into the sector and push to align the UK with strict new EU data laws after Brexit .
In their maiden speech as information commissioner , Elizabeth Denham warned companies that deal with vast amounts of customer data that they could face investigation under their new regime and , if found to be mishandling information , potentially strict penalties .
`` Whatever data protection law we have post-Brexit , I expect to see organisations taking responsibility for their actions , no matter how quick the technological change , '' said Ms Denham . `` We have powers to issue fines of up to half a million pounds which could eventually rise to 4pc of a business ' global turnover . In an ideal world we would n't need to enforce , but we will use the stick in the cupboard when necessary . ''
As former Labour leader Ed Miliband offers their support to a new documentary , The Divide , they are as committed as ever to campaigning on inequality
Google “ Ed Miliband ” and the fourth suggestion offered by the search engine – behind “ Ed Miliband brother ” , “ Ed Miliband beard ” and “ Ed Miliband bacon sandwich ” – is : “ What is Ed Miliband doing now ? ” It 's a good question , though it feels a bit cruel to mention it , as if he 's a forgotten member of a boy band or a onetime reality TV contestant .
“ Still , at least it shows people are interested , ” I say , and they nod . They do n't seem to mind , but then they seem far more at ease and comfortable in their own skin than you 'd imagine possible after seeing them hounded from news bulletin to news bulletin last year . They pose obediently , and even when the Observer photographer asks them to look “ more with it ” and “ Can you try and be a bit more … suave ? ” they take it all in good part , cracking jokes about various things , mostly himself .
But then , the Ed Miliband conundrum might be why someone who is genuinely engaging in the flesh could n't project that on to a wider stage . Or maybe … he 's happier now ?
Is it quite nice , at least , not to be firefighting the day-to-day stuff ? They shake their head . “ I would n't describe it as nice . I put my heart and soul into winning the election . And I think of all the people who are having more difficult lives because we have a Tory government .
“ I feel deeply sad that it did n't happen for the country , but I am determined to use what has happened to learn and also to carry on making the case for the things I believe in . You know … the history of progressive politics is that you have setbacks . ”
As setbacks go , it was pretty crushing . A year ago , they were odds-on favourite to be prime minister . Now , he 's any other backbench MP . Their office , in Portcullis House , Westminster 's modern annexe , however , displays something of their former status . It 's practically the penthouse : a top-floor corner suite with windows on two sides and sweeping views . In the corporate world , it would be a sign that he 's made it . Here , it 's a sign that they did n't .
But they have agreed to meet to publicise a new documentary about inequality – The Divide , a film that was “ inspired ” by the influential 2009 book The Spirit Level , by Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett . They are doing it as a favour to the filmmakers – it 's a low-budget , partly crowd-funded affair that struggled to get made – but it is also a mark of how they are starting to carve out a new role for himself .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Divide . Photograph : film company handout
“ I said after the election that I would focus on climate change and inequality , because they are the two subjects I care deeply about . I do n't think the issue of inequality is going away and I 'm not going to stop talking about it . And I have been reflecting on how we take this subject forward . I have been doing stuff in my constituency and I 'm trying to think about the broader argument . ”
Has it been something of a long , dark night of the soul ? “ It has been hard . It 's definitely been hard . Justine [ his wife ] said to me right after the election that there was no point in doing ‘ Coulda , shoulda , woulda ' . You know – ‘ I should have done this ' or ‘ I could have done that . ' And I think that 's right . ”
Still , the most common accusation levelled at them is that they tried to take the party too far to the left . And then along came Jeremy Corbyn . Did you not think : hang on a minute ?
“ Not really . One of the reasons I stood down straight away was because I thought the party needed to have a debate about the direction I took the party in and what they wanted for the future , without me presiding over it . ”
They speak to Corbyn , they say , and tries to help where they can but , since the election , they have enrolled on a community-organising course in south London and taken on a campaign against a rent-to-own chain , Brighthouse , in their constituency , Doncaster North . He 's obviously feeling their way as to what comes next .
It 's perhaps no surprise that they say they felt some sympathy for David Cameron last week
Inequality , they say , is the reason they got into politics in the first place and it 's the reason they want to stay in politics . But , it 's such a tough gig , I say . To be CEO and then be booted back to the shopfloor .
“ Them 's the breaks , ” they say . “ It 's the name of the game you 're in . ”
But does n't it make you question the nature of that game ?
“ It 's funny but it does n't . I 've never thought , ‘ I wish I had n't gone through it . ' Or , ‘ I should get out of politics . ' Or , not that I 'm a gardener , but that I should go and tend my vegetables .
“ I taught a bit at Harvard when I was there but I 've never thought I want to be a full-time lecturer , because I care about change so much , about changing the world . I 'm not going to do that as leader or prime minister , but I can do that in other ways . I think I can make a contribution . ”
Is n't it a bit soul-destroying at times , though , hanging out on the backbenches ?
“ It takes time to get used to it . But I do feel I 've now gone through the hardest part . For me , personally , the hardest part was the period straight after the election and just trying to chart a new path .
“ And look , the other thing is – I think this is important , I think David Cameron would say this and Nick Clegg – political life is incredibly punishing on family . I have young children . I get to see my kids in a way that was just not … I 'm present . Genuinely present , if you know what I mean ? I 'm present when I 'm present . Whereas before I might have been absent when I was present . ”
They shake their head when I try to get the inside story of baconsandwichgate , though I heard a riveting if terrifying account of it from someone on their team . The horror of the moment that the photographer from the London Evening Standard clicked the button ( “ we knew straight away ” ) , the unedifying spectacle of the entire British press rounding on a breakfast item , and the car crash that followed .
It 's perhaps no surprise that they say they felt some sympathy for Cameron last week . “ I certainly understand why they defended their dad and that it must be incredibly upsetting for their mum . [ … ] But for 30 years , since Reagan and Thatcher , the basic view has been , ‘ Be nice to the super-rich and their wealth will trickle down . ' That is the big lesson of Panama for me . It does n't trickle down ; it gets stashed . ”
It 's one of the reasons why they wanted to help promote the documentary . Katharine Round , director of The Divide , has tried to tell the human stories of what inequality feels like on the ground . “ It shows the fabric of people 's lives . It 's the stress for the middle-class bloke as well as the insecurity for people in precarious jobs . It 's something I wrestled with as leader…how to show the impact .
“ And it 's not going away . Look at what Bernie Sanders is campaigning on as an issue . And – this will sound like an odd thing to say , because I think he 's a vile candidate – look at Donald Trump : they are piggy-backing on the issue of inequality . They are saying people 's living standards are stuck and this is what is happening in people 's lives . ”
Miliband 's harshest words , though , are reserved for Zac Goldsmith and their claims last week that Sadiq Khan is soft on terrorists . “ I think Zac 's campaign is vile . I honestly think it 's vile . I 'm quite shocked . I think he 's fallen in with the wrong crowd . Honestly , it 's gross . A horrible Lynton Crosby tactic . ”
And then , finally , there 's David , who also re-emerged in the past week to talk about Europe . I read out to them a quote their brother gave a journalist last year , where they said the election result was “ the one I 'd feared ” . How did you feel reading that ?
“ I 'm not going to get into that . Look , the important thing for me about my relationship with David is that we talk , we do the family stuff , I love them as my brother , and it 's important to me and important to him . We may have different views on aspects of politics , but that 's one of those things . ”
But has there been a rapprochement since the election ? “ Yeah . I mean , we talk . As time passes , it becomes easier. ” The ghost of Ed Past seems to enter the room briefly , the awkward , ill-at-ease one so familiar from last year 's bulletins . And then , moments later , they disappear again . New Ed is back . Or maybe they were there all along ?
The Divide is in cinemas from 22 April and nationwide on 31 May
A new Chinese-Russian treaty proposal would ban the placement of weapons in outer space , but does n't address weapons based on the ground that could destroy satellites . ( credit : Defense Department ) The 2014 PPWT : a new draft but with the same and different problems
Cable TV customers , rejoice . An unexpected move by one of Canada 's major cable companies could — and we stress could — mean the beginning of the end for much-hated TV channel bundles .
Nova Scotia-based Eastlink announced Tuesday it will allow customers to buy digital specialty channels a la carte — meaning they will be able to buy single channels , and wo n't be required to purchase additional channels they may not want , as part of a “ theme pack . ”
The move goes against standard industry practice , and the company made it clear the new policy is a reaction to customers ' complaints about theme packs .
Under its new `` Unlimited TV '' service , Eastlink 's customers will be able to buy a digital specialty channel for $ 2.50 per month , reports the Halifax Chronicle-Herald . But the company will still offer incentives to buy large numbers of channels . The cost per channel drops to $ 1.25 per month if you buy 12 of them , and $ 1 per month if you buy 20 .
Eastlink operates in nine Canadian provinces , but outside the Maritimes it provides TV services mostly in small towns and rural areas .
“ Theme packs are the number-one passion point for our customers , ” Eastlink regional manager Jeff Brown told the Chronicle-Herald . “ It is the thing people will most often complain to staff about at our retail locations , or to technicians who arrive at a home to do an installation . ”
Bundled channels were also the most common complaint among HuffPost readers when we carried out an informal survey last month :
“ Subscribers should be able to choose from a 'menu ' of all available channels and pay accordingly , ” commenter Rickerando said , reflecting a common sentiment .
“ Our household watches basically 25 channels of the hundreds we get . NOBODY should be able to tell me what I HAVE to carry/watch . ”
( Story continues below slideshow )
Photo gallery How HuffPost Readers Would Change TV See Gallery Channel Bundling In Canada : Eastlink 's 'Unlimited TV ' Service Puts An End To Unpopular Theme Packs 1 / 20
How HuffPost Readers Would Change TV 1 / 20
Frustration with channel theme packs is undoubtedly part of what 's driving a growing number of Canadians to “ cut the cable cord ” and get TV online and over the air .
New data from research consultancy Boon Dog finds that publicly-traded cable and satellite companies have lost subscribers for three quarters running , and the rate at which Canadians are cutting the cord appears to be accelerating .
( That study did n't look at Eastlink 's numbers because Eastlink is not a publicly-traded company . )
CRTC chair Jean-Pierre Blais earlier this year announced a review of Canada 's TV distribution regulations . Blais ' comments suggested they are open to looking at just about every aspect of cable and satellite TV rules , from Canadian content regulations , “ mandatory carriage ” of channels and channel bundling .
Channel bundles are popular with both broadcasters and distributors . Broadcasters like them because they bring in more revenue to less-watched channels than the channels would bring on their own . Distributors like them because they can extract more revenue from customers than they would if they were to sell channels individually .
We all know what it 's like to take a bite of something expecting one taste and getting another -- it can be an enjoyable or disgusting experience . New research published in Food Research International reveals that being pleasantly surprised or disappointed with a food product can actually change a person 's mood .
Using different methods to measure people 's emotional responses , a team of researchers from Wageningen UR Food & Biobased Research , the Netherlands , University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences ( BOKU ) , Austria and VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland Ltd. , Finland looked at what emotional effects -- if any -- eating different yoghurts had on people .
They found that eating vanilla yoghurts made people feel happy , and that yoghurts with lower fat content gave people a stronger positive emotional response . Their results also showed that even if people reported differences in liking them , yoghurts with different fruits did not show much difference in their emotional effect .
`` We were surprised to find that by measuring emotions , we could get information about products independent from whether people like them , '' said lead author of the study , Dr. Jozina Mojet , from Food & Biobased Research , the Netherlands . `` This kind of information could be very valuable to product manufacturers , giving them a glimpse into how we subconsciously respond to a product . ''
The researchers used a new method called an emotive projection test to determine the effect of different yoghurts on people 's moods . The test involved showing study participants photographs of other people and asking them to rate the people in the photographs on six positive and six negative traits . The idea behind the test is that people project their emotions onto others , so their judgment of others could indicate their own mood .
Three groups of at least 24 participants were each given a pair of yoghurts to taste . The pairs of yoghurts were of the same brand and were marketed in the same way , but had different flavors or fat content . The team then tested their emotions using four methods , including the new emotive projection test .
The results revealed that liking or being familiar with a product had no effect on a person 's emotion . However , changes in whether they liked it after tasting the yoghurt did : being pleasantly surprised or disappointed about the food influenced people 's moods .
The team also looked at the sensory effect of the yoghurts . There was no difference in the emotional responses to strawberry versus pineapple yoghurts , but low-fat versions led to more positive emotional responses . Most strikingly , vanilla yoghurt elicited a strong positive emotional response , supporting previous evidence that a subtle vanilla scent in places like hospital waiting rooms can reduce aggression and encourage relationships among patients and between patients and staff .
The findings suggest that the new method could be an effective way to gather information about a product before taking it to market . Traditionally , products have been trialed using explicit methods -- directly asking people how they feel . In contrast , the new method is implicit and therefore not controlled by people 's conscious thought .
`` We were looking for a valid , quick and not too expensive and time-consuming method to measure the emotions or mood changes evoked by food , '' said Dr. Mojet . `` I strongly believe that sensory and consumer research should be conducted in an ecologically valid way . This sort of implicit method can reveal the complex interactions between the different factors involved in a situation , which , based on their or their memory and expectations , is given meaning by the person under investigation . ''
NT minister 's chief of staff , Paul Mossman , and Darwin travel agent Xana Kamitsis charged with corruption
Updated
Paul Mossman , the chief of staff of a Northern Territory minister , and the former chairperson of the Territory 's branch of Crime Stoppers Xana Kamitsis have been charged with corruption .
The charges against Mossman related to travel bookings made by Kamitsis ' Darwin business Latitude Travel for the Department of the Chief Minister , police said .
Mossman was charged in relation to corruptly receiving benefits and Kamitsis was charged with corruptly giving a benefit and criminal deception .
In a statement issued this afternoon , Chief Minister Adam Giles said Mossman , the chief of staff of Local Government Minister Bess Price , was stood down on full pay `` until the matter is resolved by the court '' .
`` The charges arise from an investigation into an anomaly in a travel transaction by Latitude Travel for the Department of Chief Minister on behalf of the Office of the Minister for Local Government and Community Services , '' Mr Giles said in the statement .
`` The anomaly was detected following the Government-initiated police investigation into the Pensioner and Carer Concession Scheme . ''
The pair were summoned to appear before the Darwin Magistrates Court on July 22 .
Clarification : Latitude Travel in Darwin is not associated in any way with the company , directors , owners or staff of Latitude Group Travel based in Melbourne .
Topics : corruption , government-and-politics , darwin-0800
First posted
ISTANBUL -- Turkish police fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators who gathered Sunday for a gay pride rally in Istanbul despite a government ban .
Dozens of LGBT demonstrators assembled off Istiklal Street , a major commercial artery , some brandishing the community 's rainbow flag .
Police called on them to disperse and prevented activists from marching or making statements . A couple of individuals were detained .
More than 300 police officers in anti-riot gear and backed by water cannons were deployed along the pedestrian thoroughfare and side streets .
People react as they watch Turkish anti-riot police officers fire rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators gathered for a rally staged by the LGBT community on Istiklal avenue in Istanbul , June 19 , 2016 . Getty
Istanbul 's governor had banned gay , lesbian and transgender individuals from holding two annual parades this year citing security concerns .
Explosion hits tourist area in central Istanbul
Istanbul has witnessed a series of deadly bombings in the past year , including two suicide attacks targeting tourists -- one on Istiklal Street .
On Friday , Istanbul pride week organizers issued a statement with a # LoveWillWin hashtag in Turkish rejecting security concerns as a reason to ban the parades .
It said `` the governorship prefers to limit people 's rights and freedoms instead of taking measures to deal with the threats . ''
The six-game win streak may have distracted some , but Alain Vigneault took time out on Friday to remind us that they are not the coach this Rangers team needs .
Through two periods against the Columbus Blue Jackets , the Rangers were getting worked . In nearly every aspect of the game , Columbus was asserting their superiority . If not for some magic from Henrik Lundqvist , the Rangers easily could 've found themselves completely out of the game on a competitive level before the third period even started .
Adjustments needed to be made . If the Rangers were going to find a way to beat a deserving team on a night where New York is n't playing at their best , you need to embrace some creativity .
To their credit , Alain Vigneault recognized the Rangers need for an adjustment .
The problem : AV does n't know how to adjust .
With the Rangers completely overwhelmed , Vigneault decided to move Rick Nash up to the top line with Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider , and move Jimmy Vesey up to the second line with Mats Zuccarello and Kevin Hayes .
The victim of the line juggle ? Pavel Buchnevich .
The same Pavel Buchnevich who had scored 12 points in the previous 10 games and had been a consistent force offensively for the Rangers , including the first two periods of the Blue Jackets game .
So many things were n't working for the Rangers on Friday . The one thing that was – the top line of KZB . Since they were reunited , KZB has been the best Rangers forward grouping the team has had on a nightly basis , which begs the question : why were they ever broken up ?
“ Well , genius , if you do n't want to touch KZB , how do you make adjustments to counteract what the Blue Jackets were doing ? ”
I 'm glad you asked , anonymous reader !
Kevin Hayes needs to be on the second power play unit . That 's been the case even when this team was in the middle of the win streak . They do more offensively for this team than David Desharnais ever could .
Double-shift Mika Zibanejad for a period . If you want to insert more scoring into your line-up , make sure your scorers are seeing more ice time . If that means playing Mika between Kreider and Buchnevich , then shifting them between Miller and Vesey while bumping Desharnais down to the fourth line and bench Boo Nieves , so be it . You need to create opportunities , and the best way to create opportunities is by making sure your best chance creators remain on the ice .
Put Kevin Shattenkirk on the top pairing with Ryan McDonagh . If you have n't become annoyed with this constant suggestion and obvious pairing as a point of emphasis for how Alain Vigneault is mismanaging this team , I 'm sorry . You 're going to keep hearing it because it 's going to continue to be a focal point . Shattenkirk will never be a shutdown defenseman , but pairing them with McDonagh ( who is playing some of their best hockey ) again creates more chances in the offensive zone . When McDonagh is getting as much ice time as they need to get against an incredible offensive team like the Blue Jackets , you have to pair them with an equal game-changer .
Shattenkirk 's presence on offense is obvious . We see it all the time on the power play . Give them top pairing ice time and your offense will be better when it controls the puck . It 's not that complicated .
Play Marc Staal with Brady Skjei . Had I told off-season Greg this idea , they would think something tragic happened to me and I 'm not capable of having a coherent thought . However , Staal has been one of the four-best Ranger defensemen this year , but they still move like a man stuck in mud at times on the ice . Pairing them with a speedy partner could , in theory , cover some areas of their game that are lacking . In a situation where the Rangers have their backs against the wall , you take risks . A Staal/Skjei pairing could be disastrous , but you need to keep your four-best defenders on the ice as much as you can in order to get back into a game . If Shatty moves up to play with Mac , you have to try Skjei with Staal . That is simple .
There 's no saying the Rangers could 've won Friday even if they implemented these three changes . The Blue Jackets were at the height of their powers offensively and defensively , and Sergei Bobrovsky was showing us why he 's – right now – the best goalie in hockey . When the Blue Jackets are playing A+ , 100th percentile hockey , there are maybe two teams that can beat them in the NHL , and the Rangers are n't one of those teams .
However , that does n't mean the Rangers should pack their shit and go home after the second period . You have to get creative in your adjustments to try to steal a game , especially when Henrik is giving you that opportunity by standing on their head .
What Alain Vigneault showed us once again is that he 's not that coach capable of a proper adjustment . They do n't understand what they need to be doing .
And that will forever cripple the Rangers chances as long as he 's behind the bench .
What if we lived in a world where evil was an infectious virus ? Welcome to Quarantine Zone , a new graphic novel from DC and Alloy Entertainment . We sat down exclusively with author Daniel Wilson to talk about Quarantine Zone , their upcoming movie adaptation of Robopocalypse , and more .
We also have some exclusive artwork by Fernando Pasarin from the book !
io9 : What is Quarantine Zone is about ?
Wilson : DC comics approached me about the idea . They had kind of a high concept idea , which was that Evil was a virus that people can catch , that most of the human population has been cured , and that [ cured ] people are incapable of knowingly committing an evil act — but there is some subset of the population that could not be cured , and they are all placed into a quarantine zone , which is basically just a giant walled-off area of the country where all the people who are capable of evil live .
Advertisement
So I was really excited by that cool concept and decided to dig deeper into how the virus would work , how the mechanics of this would work , and what it would be like to go into the zone if you were a person from the sort of `` good '' part of the world , and what the military hardware would look like , because if a good person is infected with the virus , they undergo a transition which is essentially like a psychotic break . Which can lead really quickly to an almost zombie-like outbreak , where people turn evil and are able to infect other people , and it just spreads and chaos kind of reigns .
A lot of your previous novels are about robots and A.I . What made you interested in tackling a virus story ? Especially an evil virus ?
Advertisement
Wilson : [ Laughs ] Well yeah , I spent a lot of my life learning how to become a scientist , and in particular I did study robotics and artificial intelligence , so obviously I 'm very interested in that stuff and I like to write about it , but that is really just sort of window dressing — I mean really , thinking like a scientist , is what comes in handy for researching any writing assignment that involves worldbuilding .
So in this case , I do n't have as much knowledge about biology , so I went out and asked people , you know , trying to figure out good transmission vectors and realistic ground rules for this to play out in . But when I 'm writing , what I really try to do is make sure that the technological world is an extension of the emotional journey that the characters are on , and this entire graphic novel is about light and darkness , and good and evil , what it means to be good if you ca n't be evil . Does it mean anything ?
So as a result all of the technology , all of the virus and the rules around it and everything like that — that all really exists to serve the story , and ultimately getting all of the little rules right and trying not to break the suspension of disbelief , that 's all just homework . The real heart of it is making sure that the emotional story is compelling and that , you know , you care about these characters enough , and some badass shit happens !
Advertisement
What aspect of Quarantine Zone are you most excited about ?
Wilson : There 's absolutely some really interesting interplay along the lines of what does it mean to be human in this world . I think the capability of committing an evil act is intrinsic to being a human being , the fallibility , the ability to sin is how we are able to judge each other morally . And if you take away something like that , if you can no longer participate ethically by being able to commit an evil act — that has shades of either post-human behavior or it 's even almost robotic . So it 's certainly playing with what it means to be human in a way I normally do by using robotic characters . But in this case I am playing with a lot of the themes that I love , is just in a little bit of a different setting .
You 've written comics like Earth 2 : World 's End for DC , but this is your first solo graphic novel . Did you enjoy dipping into a new format for storytelling ?
Advertisement
Wilson : I loved it . I have to say this has been one of the most exciting experiences I 've ever had . I wrote this at the same time I was doing a weekly series for DC , called Earth 2 : World 's End , and a weekly series is an incredibly collaborative ... shitstorm ! [ Laughs ] It 's a whirlwind of activity that never lets up , and writing a graphic novel is just the absolute laid back version of that .
So I was so happy to be able to see both sides of that , because writing a weekly series is so intense that I could see how you could get turned off by it . Everything has to come out and you just have to call it good and move onto the next issue . Whereas with this I was really able to take my time , work much closer with a single artist , Fernando Pasarin , who is awesome . He 's in Spain , and the work he 's done has been incredible . For me , my last hurdle before I publish anything is my wife . They have to read it and not hate it , so having Fernando 's artwork to show them was what finally got me over the hurdle .
It was great to work with [ DC Comics Editorial Director ] Bobby Chase and Fernando , and have this much slower , more thoughtful and more personal experience with comics .
Advertisement
You recently wrote the mobile game Mayday : Deep Space as well . Are you getting more interested in telling stories in alternate media ?
Wilson : Yeah ! Storytelling is an evolving experience , and as human beings we use whatever technology we have in order to tell stories . We 've been sitting around camp fires telling each other stories since there were people , but if you think about how storytelling techniques like novels , how long have they really been around , when you compare that to the history of the human race ? How long have video games been around , how long has film been around ? And so if you start to look at storytelling it 's really fluid , and it 's always changing , so I 'm absolutely excited to use whatever kind of technology is available in order to tell a really cool story . It 's awesome , diversifying does n't hurt your bottom line . I 've got kids to feed , you know ? [ laughs ] So I need to make sure I diversify so I can operate in different mediums .
Advertisement
And also , it 's just for your sanity . Writing a novel is a grind and it 's very lonesome . Working in mediums that require more collaboration is really fun , and is really a relief sometimes . With comics , of course , you get instant gratification — you start seeing the art come in , and you also get that instant gratification of seeing other really talented people take the stuff that you 've written and turn it into something better , and that 's really exciting .
Mayday was about using speech recognition to tell a story , because when I was in graduate school I studied speech recognition and it was still crappy . It has gotten a lot better in the last decade , and I ca n't believe that we do n't talk to the characters in our stories more often ! I want to sit on a hillside and talk philosophy with Gandalf . Now we have speech recognition that seems to understand the symbolic content of what you said [ but ] How long until it can understand our emotional state ? How long until I have to calm somebody down by talking to them in a video game ? That 's the story , that 's the kind of stuff I 'm looking forward to , and Mayday was a baby step in that direction .
Do you have any updates on the Robopocalypse movie ? It 's been a while since we 've heard anything .
Advertisement
Wilson : [ Laughs ] Yeah ... well I do n't have any definitive news , but Robopocalypse was purchased by Dreamworks , so the studio owns it , so we 'll see . I 'll be very interested to see what Steven Spielberg decides to direct after their current endeavor , so there 'll probably be more news on that after he 's finished directing The BFG .
Quarantine Zone , written by Daniel Wilson and with art from Fernando Pasarin , will be available for $ 22.99 on January 6th , 2016 , in comic book stores , and January 12th everywhere books are sold .
Advertisement
Elon Musk has been on a quest to bring ‘ S3XY ' back with Tesla 's vehicle naming convention . First with the Model S , ‘ S ' for sedan , and Model X , ‘ X ' for the look of the Falcon Wing doors , and now with the upcoming Model 3 and Y .
But now it looks like Telsa might drop the ‘ Model ' plus ‘ letter ' naming scheme after the Model Y completes the ‘ S3XY ' vehicle lineup , according to Elon Musk .
Tesla originally wanted the Model 3 to be called the Model E , which would have really made the lineup spell out ‘ SEXY ' , but Ford shut down the plan .
Since 2013 , Tesla officials had been referring to the company 's upcoming third generation vehicle as the “ Model E ” , which would have joined the models S and X in Tesla 's lineup to make “ S-E-X ” with the Model Y to follow later – the vehicle is confirmed , but has yet to be unveiled or assigned an official public timeframe .
The name stuck for a while , but during the shareholders meeting in July 2014 , Tesla CEO Elon Musk revealed that the company had to drop its “ Model E ” trademark after Ford threatened to sue over having a similar naming scheme . At the time , Musk said that “ Ford tried to kill sex . ”
Since then , Tesla has been referring to the upcoming third generation vehicle as the “ Model 3 ” , but Tesla is clearly trying to keep “ SEX ” alive by using three horizontal lines to represent the ‘ 3 ' .
Now while discussing a possible name for its upcoming minibus announced with the ‘ Master Plan Part Deux ' , someone suggested ‘ Model B ' , which is in line with Tesla 's current naming convention , but Musk said that they think Tesla should move away from that after the Model Y :
@ DMC_Ryan @ voguemaster @ Jalopnik I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) July 30 , 2016
But then Musk agreed that ‘ B S3SXY ' would also make for an interesting vehicle lineup .
If Tesla indeed moves away from the ‘ Model ' + ‘ letter ' after the Model Y , it would mean that both the pickup truck and the minibus could end up with names outside of the current naming convention .
Any ideas ?
Featured Image : A picture my t-shirt from elonmusknews.org
`` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' is the eighth episode of The Simpsons ' twelfth season . It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 17 , 2000 , 11 years to the day that the series preimere `` Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' aired . In the episode , a snowstorm traps the students with principal Seymour Skinner and Groundskeeper Willie in Springfield Elementary . When Skinner uses their army skills to control the students , they overthrow them and take over the school . Meanwhile , Homer and Ned set out to rescue the children using Ned 's car .
`` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' was written by Tim Long and directed by Lance Kramer . While the episode 's premise is based on an occurrence in Long 's childhood , the setpiece came from staff writer Matt Selman . Because the episode takes place in winter , Kramer found it difficult to animate . It features references to Smilla 's Sense of Snow , The Deer Hunter and Kristi Yamaguchi , among other things . In its original broadcast , the episode was seen by approximately 8.8 million viewers , finishing in 33rd place in the ratings the week it aired . Following the home video release , the episode received mostly positive reviews from critics .
Plot [ edit ]
While the Simpsons attend a French Canadian circus called `` Cirque de Purée '' , a wild blizzard hits Springfield , turning it into a snowsquall overnight . However , Springfield Elementary School stays open regardless of the storm , even though every other local school closes . Only some students , including the classmates of Bart and Lisa , show up while Skinner and Willie are the only faculty members at the school that day . To pass the time , Skinner plays their professed favourite film , a very low-budget , long-running , 1938 holiday film called The Christmas That Almost Was n't , But Then Was , which Lisa notices has very little to do with Christmas . By the time the movie is finally over , it is already the end of the school day , and Skinner lets the kids go home -- however , Skinner and the students quickly realize that over the course of the day , the snow has piled up tremendously , leaving them and Groundskeeper Willie trapped inside the school , much to the horror of the kids .
Skinner tries to keep the children under control , forcing them to stay together in the cafeteria and eat apples , relish and ( only if they behave well enough ) mayonnaise and will not let them go home until the snow melts . After Nelson tries to escape , Skinner unearths their U.S. Army memorabilia and is reminded of the days when they commanded respect from their troops . Skinner tries to command respect from the students , and briefly succeeds after threatening to hang them in their clothes on hooks on the wall if they rebel . Bart tries to tunnel their way out , but Skinner stops him , and after Willie refuses to destroy the tunnel , Skinner does so himself , but is stuck in the resulting cave-in . The students rebel and eventually tie Skinner up in a dodgeball bag . They then set about `` going nuts '' such as racing trolleys in the school hallway , even burning numerous books in the school 's library .
Meanwhile , Homer , with the help of Ned Flanders , sets out to rescue the children ( driving Ned 's car and sawing off part of their roof to use as a snow plough ) but crashes Flanders ' car into a fire hydrant , which sprays water that freezes the car in place . Homer 's repeated gunning of the accelerator causes carbon monoxide to flood the front of the car . Flanders and Homer get high from the fumes and wildly hallucinate . While the trapped children go wild with power , Skinner uses the school hamster , named Nibbles , to get a message to the outside world . Nibble makes it to Ned and Homer , breaking the window and reviving them : they crash into a salt silo , melting the snow around the school and badly rusting the car but freeing the kids in the process .
Superintendent Chalmers appears and is ready to blame Skinner for the school 's current poor state when Bart takes the place , amending things with Skinner . As they and Lisa leave with Homer and Ned and Ned 's sons , Homer starts hallucinating again making them see Lisa as a camel and Bart as a dancing girl . Homer tries to kiss Bart , who tries their best to escape , causing the car to lose control and crash , and camel Lisa then says `` Merry Christmas from the Simpsons '' !
Production [ edit ]
Homer and Ned listen to Bad Company while driving to school
`` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' was written by Tim Long and directed by Lance Kramer . It was first broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on December 17 , 2000 . [ 1 ] The idea for the episode came from Long . One winter during their childhood , Exeter , Ontario , where Long lived , was hit by a blizzard . Much to their dismay , Long found out that all schools except Exeter Public School , which they went to , got closed ( in the U.S. , schools are closed entirely at the County or District level , so the real-life situation did not apply here , as it was shown Principal Skinner had the authority to open the school and even to have Otto work their usual bus route ) . Eventually , Long and their classmates were snowed in with the school 's staff . `` It was hellish , but then became a sweet thing '' , they said . `` A couple of the dads braved the cold and brought us food on snowmobiles . So it was sweet . `` [ 1 ] Two years after Long pitched the premise , [ 1 ] staff writer Matt Selman pitched the episode 's setpiece , which revolves around the Simpsons ' visit to Cirque du Purée . `` I pitched [ the setpiece ] to Tim [ Long ] when we were pitching around ideas '' , Selman said in the episode 's DVD commentary . `` And I said , 'What about a Cirque du Soleil parody ? ' '' [ 2 ] The staff then decided to combine the two stories , and production on `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' ensued . [ 1 ]
In order to make a faithful rendition of the circus , director Kramer asked the animators to watch a showing of Cirque du Soleil in Santa Monica , but they declined the offer . [ 3 ] Regardless , executive producer and former showrunner Mike Scully found that the animators did an `` amazing '' job animating the setpiece . [ 4 ] Because the episode takes place in winter , the animators faced some challenges that they would not have with any other episode . `` It just adds another element '' , Kramer said about episodes taking place in winter , `` People 's clothes have to get tugged in the wind if it 's windy . And you have to make sure the snow is consistent because [ ... ] It 's like a character . If it 's a big snowflake in one scene and then tiny ones where it 's snowing too hard in the next scene ... It 's not gon na work . `` [ 3 ] The scratches and bad quality of `` The Christmas That Almost Was n't , But Then Was '' were added in by the Post-Production Department , led by Alex Duke . `` Our Post-Production Department never gets enough credit , '' Scully said , `` But they 'll take a film like [ 'The Christmas That Almost Was n't , But Then Was ' ] and make it all scratchy and make it look really old . They always do a great job . `` [ 4 ] The woman in `` The Christmas That Almost Was n't , But Then Was '' was portrayed by Tress MacNeille , while the clown in the Cirque du Purée was voiced by Hank Azaria . [ 4 ] The song that plays when Homer and Ned are driving to the school is `` Feel Like Makin ' Love '' by English rock band Bad Company . Originally , the series ' staff wanted to use `` Rock and Roll All Nite '' by American rock band Kiss , but they failed to obtain the rights to use it . [ 1 ]
Cultural references [ edit ]
Although the episode 's title is a reference to the Danish mystery novel Smilla 's Sense of Snow , there are no other allusions to the book in the episode . [ 5 ] In the episode 's setpiece , the Simpsons visit a circus called Cirque du Puree . The circus is a reference to the Canadian entertainment company Cirque du Soleil . In the film `` The Christmas That Almost Was n't , But Then Was '' ( the title of which is a reference to The Halloween That Almost Was n't ) , one of the hobgoblins has a similar singing voice as American singer Nelson Eddy . Having just found out that they are trapped in the school , Skinner says `` I do n't care if you 're Kristi Yamaguchi - no one leaves the building '' . According to Long , the line was written by either Dana Gould or George Meyer , both of whom are former staff writers . [ 1 ] While wreaking havoc in the school , Milhouse can be seen doodling a mustache on a picture of Warren G. Harding , the 29th President of the United States . [ 2 ] While ordering Skinner to humiliate himself , Bart says `` Di , di , mau '' . This is a reference to the 1978 drama film The Deer Hunter , in which the Vietcong says the line to their captives . [ 1 ] One of the books that the children burn in the school 's library is the 1944 children 's novel Johnny Tremain by Esther Forbes . [ 6 ]
Release and reception [ edit ]
In its original American broadcast on December 17 , 2000 , `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' received an 8.7 rating , according to Nielsen Media Research , translating to approximately 8.8 million viewers . The episode finished in 33rd place in the ratings for the week of December 11-17 , 2000 , tying with an episode of the ABC sitcom The Drew Carey Show . [ 7 ] Since its broadcast , the episode has been released twice on home video . On November 2 , 2004 , it was released along with `` Homer vs . Dignity '' , `` Dude , Where 's My Ranch ? '' and `` 'T is the 15th Season '' as part of a DVD set entitled The Simpsons - Christmas 2 . On August 18 , 2009 , the episode was again released as part of a DVD set called The Simpsons : The Complete Twelfth Season . Matt Groening , Mike Scully , Ian Maxtone-Graham , Tim Long , Matt Selman , David Mirkin , Max Pross and Lance Kramer participated in the audio commentary for the episode . [ 4 ]
Following its home video release , `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' received mostly positive reviews from critics . In their review of The Simpsons : The Complete Twelfth Season , DVD Verdict 's Mac McEntire wrote that , while they prefer `` down-to-Earth '' episodes , the more `` outrageous '' episodes like `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' are the ones that are `` standouts '' . [ 8 ] They added that the episode `` provides a lot of solid 'cool kids versus dorky adults ' comedy '' , and that the setpiece was the best part of the episode . [ 8 ] Matt Haigh of Den of Geek described the episode as `` gold '' , and considers it to be one of the season 's best episodes . [ 9 ] The staff of The Journal , while reviewing The Simpsons - Christmas 2 DVD set , described the episode as `` memorable '' , [ 10 ] and John McMurtrie of the San Francisco Chronicle cited it as `` great '' . [ 11 ] Elizabeth Skipper , another reviewer for DVD Verdict , wrote that most episodes that center around Skinner are `` a sure thing '' , and that `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' is no exception . [ 12 ] Both Aaron Beierle and Jason Bailey of DVD Talk argued that `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' is one of the best episodes of the season . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] On the other hand , giving the episode a mixed review , Colin Jacobsson of DVD Movie Guide described the episode as `` mediocre '' . [ 15 ] Although they found the children 's revolt against Skinner amusing , they argued that the premise was not used to its full potential . They concluded their review by calling it `` a fairly average program '' . [ 15 ]
Yeovil Town have signed up two goalkeepers ahead of this afternoon 's home game against Burnley . In addition to confirming the arrival of Manchester United keeper Sam Johnstone on a three month deal today , they have also snapped up former Coventry City and Northampton Town stopper Chris Dunn , who left the Sky Blues yesterday by mutual consent .
Johnstone 's career details were covered earlier today - Chris Dunn is a 25 year old goalkeeper who worked under Gary Johnson at Northampton Town whilst they were manager at Sixfields . Born in Havering on October 23rd 1987 they are a product of the Cobblers Centre of Excellence who turned professional in 2006 . There they made 110 appearances with the bulk of those coming between 2008 and 2011 , and thus was Johnson 's main goalkeeper during their time there .
In the summer of 2011 , Coventry City signed them up for an undisclosed fee , giving them a three year contract at the Ricoh Arena . There they struggled to break into their team , making just six appearances for the Sky Blues . Their contract was cancelled by mutual consent by the Sky Blues yesterday , allowing them to team up with Johnson again . They have been given a one year contract at the club .
As yet there 's been no indication as to which keeper will start this afternoon 's match against Burnley .
Comment on this News Item on Facebook or Go back to Top of Page
A Canadian man who disappeared in 2012 has been reunited with their family after they were discovered wandering along a main road in northern Brazil .
Anton Pilipa , 39 , is believed to have walked , hitchhiked and hidden in the back of transport trucks during their 10,000-mile journey from Scarborough , Canada , to the Brazilian Amazon .
Their brother , Stefan , flew back with them to Toronto this week after they were released from hospital more than five years after they initially vanished .
Stefan told CBC News : `` I found myself being really frustrated all the time [ during those years ] , always having that aching question 'where is he ? What happened to him ? '
Image : Anton Pilipa , left , is reunited with their brother Stefan in Brazil . Pic : GoFundMe
`` I feel amazed that he 's alive and had made it that far . ''
The Pilipa family were notified in December that Anton had been picked up by Brazilian state police in Rondonia the previous month , wandering at the side of a highway .
They had no identification and offered officers little information apart from that they were from Canada .
Helenice Vidigal , a Brazilian-Canadian police officer , searched online before discovering their identity on Twitter and getting in touch with their family .
A GoFundMe page set up by their brother raised nearly $ 13,000 to cover the costs of getting them home to Canada .
But Anton - an anti-poverty activist - ran away from a hospital in Porto Velho and fled into the jungle , sparking fears they could be attacked by wild animals .
Ms Vidigal , writing on Facebook , said : `` Here is where we started to really fear for their safety , because up there big predators like jaguars , alligators , snakes among other deadly animals are real , we are talking about the Amazon jungle . ''
Image : Pilipa , 39 , was last seen in Canada in 2012
Anton was found safe again last month in Manaus , and reunited with Stefan when they flew to Brazil .
Stefan told CBC News that their brother `` looked really rough '' , adding : `` His health was starting to deteriorate . We got them just in time . ''
The full details of their journey have not been made clear , but according to their family they reached as far south as Buenos Aires , Argentina , where they were reportedly refused entry to the National Library .
In January 2011 , Anton was involved in an altercation and charged with assault and weapons offences . They went missing before they were due in court .
After returning to Toronto on Monday , they were arrested by police for the outstanding charges before being released on bail .
Their brother has said Anton suffered from mental health problems and had begun treatment for schizophrenia before they disappeared .
Apple patrons in China are complaining that their iPhones are burning or exploding on their own , raising concerns regarding the safety of their owners . The situation is nothing new , with Samsung having already been burnt badly by persistent issues with its Galaxy Note 7 , whose entire stock it has been forced to recall .
The Shanghai Consumer Council has , in a report , said that it has received complaints regarding at least eight instances over three months -- between September 1 and November 30 , 2016 -- of iPhones burning up or exploding without any apparent outside interference or influence . In all the cases , the phones were either being charged or were on normal Standby mode . There were also some complaints of abnormal shutdown .
The examples
In one case mentioned by the council , a man identified only as Zhang purchased an iPhone 6 in November 2014 , and saw it burn up spontaneously on September 30 , 2016 . They told the council the phone was on normal standby when it started to emit smoke all of a sudden and then combustion spontaneously .
In another case , a woman identified as Chang bought an iPhone 6s plus in in March 2015 . They told the council that there was spontaneous combustion and explosion of the phone on August 31 , 2016 . The two things resulted in the phone 's screen to be crushed , and when they removed the back panel , they saw the battery had turned black .
Apple is believed to have subsequently replaced the phone , providing the woman with a phone of the same model and make , but did not tell them exactly why the original phone had exploded or caught fire .
Council 's appeal to Apple
The council , in its report , urged Apple to handle these instances , saying : `` [ These ] consumers chose Apple products based on the trust of the Apple brand , but encountered abnormal shutdown , spontaneous combustion , account theft and other troubles . A large number of consumer complaints have not been effectively resolved . We call upon Apple to deal with various types of consumer complaints in a timely manner ... ''
In a heartwarming story about the triumph of property values over the human spirit , a Frisco homeowners association has finally persuaded a nonprofit serving the homeless to get the hell out of the neighborhood . The homeless teens living in Frisco 's Plantation Resort 2 neighborhood can stay there for now , but the organization housing them plans to put the property back on the market .
Rob Scichili , the spokesperson for City House , says their group will take its time and not sell until they can break even or possibly profit from the sale of the house . And after the sale , they say , City House plans to house the teens at some other home in Frisco , in a neighborhood that will hopefully be more welcoming to their organization . `` We 're going to do our due diligence and take our time , '' they say .
City House has been sheltering teens in two houses in Plano since 2006 and never had any problems from the neighbors , Scichili says . So last April , City House began its expansion into Frisco with the purchase of a house in the city 's Plantation Resort 2 neighborhood , renovating it with a $ 47,000 grant from the Department of Housing and Urban Development .
A V-sign for victory is flashed in front of a portrait of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani during a march through the streets of Baghdad , June 8 , 2004 . ( photo by AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP )
In June 2014 , Iraq lost a third of its territory to the hands of Daesh ( ISIS ) , the most notorious transnational terrorist group in modern history . A few days later , during a Friday prayer , on June 13th 2014 , Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani issued a religious edict ( Fatwa ) calling on all Iraqi citizens to defend the country , its people , the honour of its citizens , and its sacred sites . The call immediately mobilized tens of thousands of volunteers to join the Iraqi Security Forces ( ISF ) . The Fatwa has also helped Shia militias , Sunni tribal men and Christian and Yezidis armed groups to be regulated under one umbrella of paramilitary forces called the Popular Mobilization Forces ( PMF ) , now estimated to be around 65,000 volunteers including 17,000 Sunni tribesmen , all under the authority of the Commander in Chief , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi .
The seizure of Iraq 's Sunni-dominated provinces by Daesh was a result of the deteriorating security situation that had been escalating since the regime change of 2003 . Despite media rhetoric depicting an invasion of a few hundred foreign fighters that expelled tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers , realities on the ground proved otherwise . The Daesh invasion was well coordinated with cross-border support and local sympathizers , with logistical and substantial financial support . A well-planned attack at the midst of the country 's political chaos led to the collapse of Iraq 's fragile army and the local police in Sunni-dominated areas of Iraq .
One year on , the diverse PMF has proven to be a more capable force than the International Coalition 's Air Force cover . It has helped safeguard Baghdad and liberate Tikrit along with large swaths in the midland . Nevertheless , Daesh was so desperate for a victory to compensate for its losses ; it mobilized all its foreign fighters , many of whom became suicide bombers , to claim Ramadi in Anbar - a province that was largely out of control since 2003 . However , the ISF including the Army and the PMF are adamant to liberate the province before the end of this year . The US has now acknowledged the effectiveness of the PMF as a key factor to liberate occupied territories by Daesh , while the international community has backed Sistani 's Fatwa as demonstrated during the visit of the United Nations ' Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to Najaf .
Grand Ayatollah Sistani 's call in 2014 to help to rebuild Iraq 's armed forces after the collapse of Mosul was not their first critical move of positive interference . Although they tend not to involve themselves in Iraqi daily politics , but when they do , they make sure it 's for a critical issue and to the benefit of all Iraqis . Their call to the forming of the National Assembly after the 2003 regime change was the key to kick-start the political process of writing Iraq 's Constitution . They also helped in defusing the sectarian strife post the bombing of Samarra 's holy shrine by al Qaeda in 2006 . They played a significant role in securing a smooth transition of power in general elections , breaking political deadlocks in 2006 and 2014 . Although they kept their door open to welcome all people , they stopped meeting Iraqi politicians since 2011 as many officials started to abuse Sistani 's reception to market themselves politically . Their welcome to PM Abadi was an exception as it came after their cabinet secured national , regional and international endorsement . Sistani continued to steer the public through their representatives during Friday prayers , calling for unity , fighting corruption , supporting internally displaced people , and to combat sectarian tendencies . Their personality captured the attention of many western public figures nominating them for the Nobel Prize due to their peacemaking efforts .
Many people in the Western world have known Grand Ayatollah Sistani as a Shia-Muslim scholar of Iranian origin . Although they were born in 1930 in Mashhad ( Iran ) , they chose to move to Iraq in 1951 , dedicating over six decades of their life to the holy city of Najaf where they continued their Islamic education in the thousand-year-old Hawza ( center for theological studies ) . They earned their first Ijtihad certificates ( post graduate higher education ) in jurisprudence in 1960 . Their teachings in studies of jurisprudence benefited from researching the original sources of Sharia laws of the various schools of thoughts in Islam . Their methodology focused on comparative studies with modern laws ( including the Iraqi , Egyptian , and French laws ) . They focused on the 'Renewal in Discourse ' on Islamic rules according to modern era circumstances , contrary to some scholars who deal with the historical texts as fixed and can not be changed though modern day conditions . Many professors of the Hawza were quoted as saying that they advised the late Grand Ayatollah al-Khoei ( 1899-1992 ) to groom someone for the office of the supreme religious authority and the directorship of Najaf Seminary . The choice fell on Their Eminence , Ali al-Sistani for their merits , eligibility , knowledge , and impeccable character . Accordingly , they started leading the prayer in Khoei 's mosque in Najaf and teaching at the Hawza . After the passing of Khoei in 1992 , scholars of Najaf unanimously reached a consensus to choose Ali al-Sistani as the preeminent Grand Ayatollah of Shia Islam .
Last month , I had the honor of meeting Sistani , the man who single-handedly held Iraq together when it was about to tear apart . I vividly remember the moment when I walked into their humble hundred square meter houses from the narrow ally off al-Rasool Street in Najaf , near the holly shrine of Imam Ali , a property that they rent for $ 400 per month according to some sources . I shared my thoughts on Iraq 's current affairs , however I found them more informed on what 's happening on the ground in every detail -- I realized that they must have enjoyed the benefits of good counsel to keep them up-to-date on national and international issues . Their words of wisdom still resonate in my ears as they repeatedly said that they pray day and night for all humanity to enjoy a peaceful world , and for all Muslims to achieve unity by putting an end to sectarianism and respecting human rights . The 85-year-old Grand Ayatollah did not talk to me as if I 'm Sunni or Shia , Muslim or non-Muslim but just as a human being . I left their reception fully confident that Iraq is currently in safe hands so long as it continues to have wise men like him .
by Erik Altieri , NORML Executive Director
During their confirmation for the position of Attorney General , Senator Jeff Sessions failed to give a straight answer with regard to how the Justice Department should respond to states that have legalized marijuana for medical or recreational use .
The Alabama Senator was questioned by both Sens . Leahy ( D-VT ) and Lee ( R-UT ) with respect to whether the principles of federalism ought to apply to state marijuana laws .
Senator Leahy : “ Would you use our federal resources to investigate and prosecute sick people using marijuana in accordance with state law even though it might violate federal law ? ”
Senator Sessions : “ I wo n't commit to never enforcing federal law , Senator Leahy , but absolutely it is a problem of resources for the federal government . The Department of Justice under Lynch and Holder set forth some policies that they thought were appropriate to define what cases should be prosecuted in states that have legalized , at least in some fashion marijuana , some parts of marijuana . ”
Senator Leahy : “ Do you agree with those guidelines ? ”
Senator Sessions : “ I think some of them are truly valuable in evaluating cases , but fundamentally the criticism I think that is legitimate is that they may not have been followed . Using good judgment on how to handle these cases will be a responsibility of mine I know it wont be an easy decision but i will try to do my duty in a fair and just way . ”
Senator Leahy : “ The reason I mention this , is because you have some very strong views , you even mandated the death penalty for second offense on drug trafficking , including marijuana , even though mandatory death penalties are of course unconstitutional . ”
Senator Sessions : “ Well I 'm not sure under what circumstances i said that , but I do n't think… ”
Senator Leahy : “ Would you say it ‘ s not your view today ? ”
Senator Sessions : “ ( laughs ) It is not my view today . ”
Senator Mike Lee ( R-UT ) followed up with questions regarding how marijuana policy factors into federalism and asked if the way the Obama Administration has handled marijuana laws created any issues with separation of powers and states rights . Sessions replied that , “ One obvious concern is the United States Congress has made the possession in every state and distribution an illegal act . If that 's something that 's not desired any longer Congress should pass a law to change the rule , it is not the Attorney General 's job to decide what laws to enforce . ”
So , after finally being put on the spot and questioned on the issue , we are no closer to clarity in regards to Sessions plans for how to treat state marijuana laws than we were yesterday . If anything , their comments are a cause for concern and can be interpreted as leaving the door open for enforcing federal law in legalized states . If Sessions wants to be an Attorney General for ALL Americans , they must bring their views in line with the majority of the population and support allowing states to set their own marijuana policies without fear of federal intervention .
Clearly , the battle is just beginning to protect state legalization and medical marijuana laws . Can you contribute today to help us keep up our federal political actions and advance our efforts for state-level law reform ?
As a longtime fan of both /r/The_Donald AND /r/hillaryforprison , I 'm privy to exclusive knowledge about Hillary Clinton . Them secret lesbian relationship with Janet Reno . Them `` Most Valuable Player '' award from ISIS founder Barack Hussein Obama . Them ignoring pleas for help at Benghazi , going so far as to write , `` troops never vote for me , so fuck 'em ! ! ! ! 1 ! ! 1 ''
But their biggest crime ? Personally orchestrating dozens of brutal murders . From Vince Foster to John Ashe , from James McDougal to Seth Rich , anyone who gets in their way ends up in a body bag . In fact , the official Clinton body count now stands at 53 deaths . You 'd think that 'd disqualify them from being president , right ?
But that 's when I realized : to get away with 54 high profile murders and never see a minute of jailtime ... is actually pretty impressive . If anything , their murder spree shows she 's got the nerve , the guts and the organizational ability to go out there and win for America !
And remember , this is n't just your average 68 year old she-murderer . Hillary is committing these murders while under the daily stresses of the campaign trail . She 's crisscrossing the nation , giving speeches , directing campaign strategy ... yet still finds time to silence those who 'd dare cross her ?
Incredible . Powerful . I 'm with them
Now I know what you 're thinking . `` Asterios , she 's not committing these murders alone . They have a secret network of killers who do the work for her . ''
Well yes , obviously . But who 's drawing up the hit lists ? Who 's creating alibi after alibi ? Who 's paying out millions in untraceable currency from The Clinton Foundation ? Hillary is . And she 's doing it all while at death 's door .
It 's well documented that Hillary Clinton is dying of several dozen serious medical conditions that could kill them at any moment . And that makes them murders all the more impressive . To orchestrate a vast left-wing conspiracy from a secret hospital bed underneath The White House ... that takes heart . And Hillary has it .
For those who are n't aware , here 's a list of Hillary 's medical conditions :
Alzheimer 's
Blood Clots
Dementia
Crime Addiction
Parkinson 's
Seizures
A Deep , Dark Hole Where Them Soul Should Be
Black-Outs
Heart Problems
An Inability To Laugh Like A Normal Human Being
Arthritis Of The Secret Penis
And that 's just what we know about . Given the demands of their health , their impressive body count proves she 's ready on day one .
Also , I 'm not sure if this is technically a `` medical condition , '' but the only thing they eat is money , and that ca n't be good for you . Especially because they only eats money from the Saudis who bankroll ISIS & 9/11 , which is a LOT of money . Them cholesterol must be sky high . Yet they continue to draw blood from their foes .
Now , this is n't to say I do n't agree with Donald Trump on a lot of things . He 's a world class business person who has never lost a dime of their self-made fortune , so he 'd obviously make a great treasury secretary .
But when `` The Donald '' speaks of murder , it often rings hollow and obvious , unlike stone cold murder-bitch HRC . For example , when Mr. Unstumpable said , `` You have to take out their families , '' at first I agreed with him . But then I realized : would a GOOD murderer announce their intentions to kill innocents on an episode of Fox & Friends ? Of course not , they 'd be found out right away ! Hillary rebuffed Donald 's remarks , calling them a `` violation of international law . ''
... exactly what a REAL family-murderer would say ! Score one for Team Hillary !
And sure , Trump has made `` casual '' calls for violence . He 's supported protesters being `` roughed up , '' said he 'd `` cover the legal fees '' of those who called for violence ... but this is all pretty penny ante stuff . In 2016 , we ca n't afford to trust the business of America 's murders to an amazing business person , women 's rights advocate and hilarious entertainer .
We need a professional . We need Hillary Rodham Clinton . Thank you , and god bless Amurderica .
– Asterios `` President Baby '' Kokkinos ( @ asterios )
Lifestyle – Judy Murphy meets the author of a new biography on key 1916 figure Éamonn Ceannt
Although Éamonn Ceannt was just two years of age in 1883 when their family left their birthplace of Ballymoe , Co Galway , this unlikely revolutionary always regarded themselves as a Galwegian . They met their wife Áine in Galway and it was to Spiddal that they came as a young man when they decided to learn Irish .
Éamonn Ceannt , who was a key figure in the 1916 Easter Rising and signatory to Ireland 's Proclamation of Independence , was executed by the British Crown for their role in the rebellion .
Their life is the subject of a new biography , commissioned by O'Brien Press as part of a series to mark the lives of the 16 men who were executed in 1916 . All the books in the 16 Lives Series will be available for the centenary of the Rising next year .
16 Lives : Éamonn Ceannt was written by Mary Gallagher , the revolutionary 's grand-niece , and an ideal person for this task . After taking early retirement from the Civil Service , Mary , who already had a BA from UCD , returned to university to study genealogy , family history and modern Irish history .
They acknowledge a debt of gratitude to Galway historian , William Henry , who penned the first ever account of Ceannt 's life .
Éamonn , Supreme Sacrifice : The Story of Éamonn Ceannt : 1881-1916 was published in 2005 , and opened up a window to the past for them
When William was writing their biography , they approached Mary and their late sister , Joan , for assistance and , while they were happy to help , they realised that their knowledge of their maternal grand-uncle was limited .
“ I had n't known that much about my family background until then , ” they acknowledge .
Mary discovered further material while researching their book , so it contains information that has never previously been in the public domain .
Éamonn Ceannt was born as Edward Kent in Ballymoe , near the Roscommon border in 1881 . Their father was an RIC Constable during a tumultuous time in the West of Ireland , when near-famine conditions and anger over tenants ' rights had led to the establishment of the Land League .
Constable James Kent came from Munster farming stock . As a landless second son , the RIC offered them a career and they joined in1862 when Ireland was at relative peace . They and their Cork-born wife Johanna had seven children , with Éamonn being the second youngest .
The family 's move from Galway in 1883 , when James was promoted , meant that they avoided much of the Land War in the West of Ireland .
But that agrarian war sowed the seeds for the revolutionary movement , in which James ' son , Ned – or Éamonn as they became – would later be a key player .
The family moved firstly to Drogheda and later to Dublin , where the children worked hard and did well , or as well as lower- and middle-class Catholic men could do at the time , says Mary . Éamonn , who attended the Christian Brothers , was a bright , diligent student , but university was not an option .
They considered several careers , including one as a reporter with the Irish Independent , but did n't like the idea of working day and night , so decided against it .
For more , read this week 's Galway City Tribune .
Last Thursday and Friday we had temperatures of around -20°C . I am currently taking a photography course ( pictures of this to follow soon ) , and it turns out these temperatures are usually the best for photography . So what do you wear if you have to spend several hours outdoors without moving around much ? The answer is : many layers . Unfortunately the amount of layers you can put on hands and feet is somewhat limited by practicalities , so both were freezing cold after a short time . The rest of my body stayed quite toasty though with the below :
And I just noticed , the picture is actually missing the thick skiing socks I put on top of the tights and socks , and of course big winter boots . Putting on all these layers makes getting ready to go out a pretty lengthy process , and you really do n't want to be needing a toilet while you 're out either . Also , you just look completely ridiculous in that outfit – Mr Always Right referred to me as Dark Helmet and I think someone took a picture of me on the bus , because I was just so wrapped up . And I feel like in all those layers you have the spatial awareness and dexterity of a two-year-old . I do n't care though , as long as I stay reasonably warm .
Unfortunately I was n't able to dress up my camera accordingly , so on the second day it started complaining . I think the mirror had started freezing , and every time I switched the camera on the mirror jumped a bit . I was getting really worried , but luckily it seems everything is working fine again now that temperatures have gone back to around 0°C ( which happened in an overnight jump of 20° ! ) .
ARLINGTON , TX - JANUARY 15 : Head coach Jason Garrett of the Dallas Cowboys argues a call during the second quarter against the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Divisional Playoff game at AT & T Stadium on January 15 , 2017 in Arlington , Texas . ( Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images )
By : Josh Clark
Follow The Fan : Facebook | Twitter
DALLAS ( 105.3 The Fan ) – The NFL has admitted that the Cowboys should not have been penalized for a 15-yard penalty in the Divisional Round loss to the Packers last Sunday .
According to Michael Lombardi , The NFL says the Unsportsmanlike penalty called on Cowboys ' receiver Brice Butler should n't have been called .
The too many men in the huddle call on Dallas for 15 yards was a mistake , the league admitted this to teams…sorry… . — michael lombardi ( @ mlombardiNFL ) January 19 , 2017
Lombardi says they spoke with two teams that called the NFL office for clarification on the penalty , and the league said Dallas was not being deceptive and the call should n't have been made .
Spoke w/ 2 teams that talked to the NFL office about the huddle call and both said it was a mistake . No deception on the part of D , no call — michael lombardi ( @ mlombardiNFL ) January 19 , 2017
Other teams saw the call , called the league office for clarification and NFL said Dallas was not being deceptive , no call was the right call — michael lombardi ( @ mlombardiNFL ) January 19 , 2017
After Lombardi 's tweet , the NFL 's VP of officiating Dean Blandino tweeted that the call was correct .
I have not spoken to any club about this call . Longstanding rule that was last called in 2014 Week 8 WAS at DAL against WAS # 82. https : //t.co/0W9r6js0mq — Dean Blandino ( @ DeanBlandino ) January 19 , 2017
However , Lombardi fired back and is standing by their report .
NFL can say anything they want but my sources are solid and I know what was told to them.I 'm not starting a rumor just stating what was said — michael lombardi ( @ mlombardiNFL ) January 19 , 2017
In the first quarter with Green Bay ahead 7-3 , the Cowboys had the ball 2nd and 5 on the Packers ' 37 yard-line . Dak Prescott completed a 22-yard pass to receiver Terrence Williams , however , officials called a penalty on Brice Butler for coming in the huddle and not participating in the play .
The play would have given the Cowboys a first down on the the Packers ' 16-yard line . Instead , Dallas had the ball 2nd and 20 on their own 48-yard line and were forced to punt after Prescott incompleted the next two throws in Butler 's direction .
Head coach Jason Garrett said after the game that he 'd never seen the call made before .
“ [ We ] could n't beat the stripes . You can quote me on that , ” Butler told the Dallas Morning News .
Referee Tony Corrente told a pool reporter after the game that it is n't “ an obscure rule ” and that Butler “ has to stay either in the game or they can call a timeout and get out of it . ”
( ©2017 CBS Local Media , a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . )
You 've all heard , by now , that McCain got really confused when asked a question about Spain 's President , Jose Luis Zapatero , in an interview yesterday .
INTERVIEWER : Senator finally , let 's talk about Spain . If elected president would you be willing to invite President Jose Rodriguez Louis Zapatero to the White House , to meet with you ? McCAIN : I would be willing to meet with those leaders who are friends and want to work with us in a cooperative fashion . And by the way President Calderon of Mexico is fighting a very , very tough fight against the drug cartels . I 'm glad we are now working with the Mexican government on the Merida Plan , and I intend to move forward with relations and invite as many of them as I can , of those leaders to the White House . INTERVIEWER : Would that invitation be extended to the Zapatero government ? To the president himself ? McCAIN : Uh , I do n't , I , ya know , I , honestly , I have to look at the situations and the relations and the priorities . But I can assure you , I will establish closer relations with our friends and I will stand up to those who want to do harm to the United States of America . INTERVIEWER : So you have to wait and see . If he 's willing to meet with you , would you be able to do it ? In the White House ? McCAIN : Well , again , I do n't — All I can tell you is I have a clear record of working with leaders in the hemisphere that are friends with us and standing up to those who are not . And that 's judged on the basis of the importance of our relationship with Latin America and the entire region .
There 's been some debate over whether McCain simply thinks Zapatero , a NATO ally , is n't supporting American policies , or whether they simply had a senior moment … a really bad one .
Me , I think John McCain is still fighting the Mexican Revolution . Seriously .
From the transcript , it 's obvious that McCain thought the interviewer–who had asked about Venezuela and then Cuba–was asking another question about a third Latin American country , Mexico . Their immediate response , after all , was to emphasize their support for Calderon , the conservative President of Mexico . McCain 's answers might have been appropriate had the interviewer asked about Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , Calderon 's opponent in 2006 and another populist McCain 's crowd viewed with the same loathing as they view Chavez and both Castros .
But how did they get from a question about Spain 's President , presumably through Mexico 's former opposition leader to Mexico 's President ?
I think we can blame it on Mexican Revolutionary war hero , Emiliano Zapata ( also a populist of the type that would scare McCain ) .
I 'm guessing that McCain was concentrating as hard as they could on Latin America–he has already made it clear they intend to claim Obama has no expertise in Latin America . And so when they were presented with a name that did n't have anything to do with Latin America , their brain compensated and presented a vague amalgam of terms : I can imagine McCain struggling to establish a pattern : Latin American populist , Latin American populist , Latin American populist , and somewhere out of the depths of Mexican history they have gained from living in Arizona for a quarter century , out came Zapata , and from there Mexico . Zapatero , Zapata–to a wrinkly white dude like McCain , I imagine progressives with Spanish names all seem the same .
It 's funny though . McCain 's old . But he 's not actually as old as Emiliano Zapata .
Dark Silo Press is pleased to announce the planned publication of Rare Breeds , a novella by Erik Hofstatter . Erik , a native of the Czech Republic , lives in Kent , England . They are the author of several books , including Amaranthine and Other Stories .
“ Gleefully twisted ! ” ~Gary McMahon , author of The Concrete Grove Trilogy
“ This tale of mounting dread and unusual horror creeps in like a night fog and wraps itself around your throat , and when its icy tendrils recede , what is left behind will shock you. ” ~Mary SanGiovanni , author of The Hollower Trilogy
“ A haunting , and yet touching story , with plenty of tension , Rare Breeds will seep into your dreams , razor blade glinting in the moonlight , eager to claim new flesh. ” ~Richard Thomas , author of Disintegration
Rare Breeds is the story of Aurel and Zora Schwartz , a married couple trying to make a modern relationship work . But an old secret is going to affect them in ways neither of them can imagine . And Zora 's daughter Livie may find themselves caught in a trap built long before they were born . The surprise ending will leave you stunned and speachless . Along the way , you 'll be treated to evocative illustrations by cover artist Jack Larson . Watch for announcements on the official release . And get ready to scream .
Advertisements
One of the sub-plots of the summer transfer window was the arrival and departure of left-footed Arsenal midfielders .
Granit Xhaka was signed from Borussia Monchengladbach while Jack Wilshere embarked on a season-long loan at Bournemouth .
Three months into the season , Granit is fighting for a first-team place while Jack is flourishing on the south coast .
“ [ Granit ] needs to adapt , then we need to find the balance because they play in a deeper-lying midfield position , and they pass through the lines , ” said Arsene Wenger . “ He needs to adapt to the way we play and the tactical pace of the English game . I am confident they will do very well .
Login or register to play video 00:15 Xhaka 's stunning first Arsenal goal
“ Yes [ he is taking time to adapt ] but that is part of the job . People want you to buy players but when you buy them we only have 11 spaces and not 22 , and they feel sorry for the 11 who do not play . You want them to compete and convince you that they can get in the team .
“ Granit is a more deep playmaker I think than a box-to-box player . They do not get in the final third of the opposition half a lot . They are more a guy who has a fantastic pass to play through the lines .
“ He gets the ball from the defenders and finds the high midfield . Their strength is what we call the ‘ moderate-value pass ' - the passes that come from deep midfield to high midfield . ”
Jack 's qualities are not dissimilar and the manager is encouraged to see them get the regular football they need at Bournemouth .
“ I let them go this season because we bought Xhaka , we have Elneny , Ramsey , and I thought they are n't fit enough to be in the position to start games , so I let them go .
`` If Jack comes back to their right level they will play for us ''
“ He 's been educated here since they were eight or nine years old , they have gone for years through difficult periods where they did n't play , and you look at the number of games they played in the last two years before they left us .
“ I felt honestly that if a guy who has been educated here has another season where they do n't play because I do n't give them the chance because I have some players who are fitter than him , it would be unfair . It was not a mathematical decision .
“ After we see how they go at the end of the season . If Jack comes back to their right level they will play for us . ”
More polls coming soon ...
Surat police on Friday seized currency notes of Rs 2,000 denomination worth Rs 76 lakh from a car in Sachin GIDC area detaining four persons , two of whom belong to Nasik and one is a fashion designer . Acting on specific inputs , Sachin police staff maintained watch near Classic Complex in Sachin GIDC area early Friday morning and intercepted a car with a nameplate number MH-15-EP-4455 under suspicion and questioned its passengers .
Advertising
Inside the car boot , 38 bundles of new currency notes of Rs 2,000 denomination were found . When the passengers were questioned they failed to give satisfactory answers , and they were taken to the police station . Police took custody of the currency and intimated Surat Income Tax department officials to carry out further probe . Those travelling in the car are identified as Girish Patel , a resident of Valsad and a farmer , Rajkumar Singh , a business person residing in Nasik , Arun Kashinath Amutar , also from Nasik and Dipti Patel , a resident of Chikhli in Navsari district and a fashion designer by profession .
Police sources said the cash was brought from Nasik and it was likely to be delivered to a person in Sachin GIDC area . Sachin GIDC police had intimated Income Tax department officials to assist and interrogate all the four people . On Thursday , the Tapi police had seized Rs 13 lakh ( Rs 10 lakh in demonetised notes ) , from person travelling in an SUV claiming to be employess of Bharatiya Micro Credit , a firm that has partnered with the central government to execute livelihood schemes .
I 've enabled trailers for movies , selected all of the options ( play from the internet , play unwatched movies from my library etc ) and the trailers play before a movie as expected ( in my case , 3 trailers before each movie ) . They also seem to respect the setting where it plays trailers appropriate to the rating ( my kids movies play G rated trailers ) .
However , it plays the same trailers over and over . I 've seen the Charlie Brown trailer at least thirty times . It plays some neat old ones from time to time , I 'm fine with that . But it basically plays two trailers of the same movies every time and one random one .
Is this something others are experiencing ?
Latest plex pass version of the server and all players , and has existed for several versions .
As ADCC Finland approaches the list of competitors is getting finalized . ADCC 2017 will see the return of many aces to the big scene but in addition to them there will be many young aces .
Perhaps the most surprising is the inclusion of Jeff Monson who has competed at ADCC for a number of years . They are currently 46 .
IBJJF champ Leandro Lo is also among those confirmed . It will be trully interesting to see how they do at ADCC given that they have n't competed there previously .
Even though Dillon Danis has been talking about preparing for ADCC their name was previously absent for the lists but is now there .
Pablo Popovitch will be returning to the competitive scene after quite a while .
And of course Leo Vieira will be making a case for the under 66kg division . Leo Vieira returned to competition with ACB Jiu Jitsu grand prix earlier this summer .
Notably absent is Matheus Diniz .
You can view the complete list of competitors below :
Under 66kg
Rubens Cobrinha
Uranov Zhakshylyk
Janusz Andrejczuk
Justin Rader
Pablo Mantovani
Paulo Miyao
Yuta Shimada
Ethan Crelinsten
Kuba Witkowski
Bruno Frazatto
Geo Martinez
Eddie Cummings
Augusto Tanquinho
AJ Agazarm
Baret Yoshida
Léo Vieira
Under 77kg
Lachlan Giles
Tero Pyylampi
Mansher Khera
Felipinho Cesar
Marcelo Lapela
Osmanzan Kassimov
Vagner Rocha
Oliver Taza
Garry Tonon
Lucas Lepri
JT Torres
Gilbert Durinho
Gabriel Arges
DJ Jackson
Under 88kg
Craig Jones
Jesse Urholin
James Brasco
Murilo Santana
Kaynan Casemiro
Kit Dale
John Salter
Piotr Marcin Frechowicz
Romulo Barral
Keenan Cornelius
Gordon Ryan
Pablo Popovitch
Xande Ribeiro
Leandro Lo
Dillon Danis
Rustan Chsiev
Under 99kg
Roman Dolidze
Kamil Uminski
Eliot Kelly
Mahamed Aly
Salomão Ribeiro
Yukiyasu Ozawa
Paul Ardila
Abdurakhman Bilarov
Yuri Simões
Luiz Panza
Dean Lister
Rafael Lovato
Felipe Preguiça
João Assis
Jake Shields
Over 99kg
Orlando Sanchez
Arman Zhanpeisov
Khamzat Stambulov
Tom DeBlass
Victor Honório
Hideki Sekine
Casey Hellenberg
Abdulaev Ruslan
Vinny Magalhães
Marcus Buchecha
Roberto Cyborg
João Gabriel Rocha
Jared Dopp
Jeff Monson
Woman 's
Under 60kg
Mackenzie Dern
Bia Basílio
Rikako Yuasa
Elisabeth Clay
Ffion Davies
Michelle Nicolini
Beatriz Mesquita
Tammi Musumeci
Over 60kg
Talita Treta
Tara White
Samantha Cook
Gabi Garcia
Jessica Flowers
Amanda Santana
Venla Luukkonen
Superfights
Renzo Gracie vs. Sanae Kikuta
André Galvao vs. Cláudio Calasans
Frank Mir vs. Chael Sonnen
Here we go again .
Franklin Roosevelt infamously redefined the meaning of the word liberalism in the 1930s to mean more and more government control of the economy . This was in complete contradiction to what the word had meant for centuries , as defined by people like Jefferson : less government control of the economy .
Now advocates of more government control over the economy want to redefine populism as Trumpism . I hope they do n't get away with it this time . My definition of a populist is someone who wants what is best for the poor , the middle class , and ultimately all Americans ( the Latin root of the word means the people ) . By definition , a populist is someone who is not working on behalf themselves or other special interests . Since most government officials are closely allied with special interests , this leaves out most government officials .
Donald Trump is clearly not a populist . When asked why they had praised the Clintons in the past , before bashing them now , they replied that as a successful business person they had sought to befriend all politicians , because they controlled their fate as a real estate developer . This is the essence of crony capitalism , not populism .
In the article below , Damon Linker not only defines “ right wing populism ” as Trumpism . They also suggest that the way to help the poor and middle class is not to tear down the crony capitalist system , but to share a bit more of the spoils with them . This is a familiar theme today from many advocates of more and more government control of the economy and of our lives .
Linker like other members of the crony capitalist system wants voters to listen to so-called experts , most of whom are of course well rewarded by the system . And they refer to Trump supporters as a “ mob. ” This choice of word in particular betrays them for what they are : an elitist , the opposite of a populist . No wonder they want to redefine the word . They must feel threatened by it .
http : //theweek.com/articles/595715/rightwing-populism-stopped
Carlton 's Lachie Henderson has this morning told their teammates that they have requested a trade after 102 games in the navy blue .
Henderson , who is out of contract at the end of the season and not a free agent , wants to find a fresh start at another football club .
Given their intentions , Henderson , their management and Carlton have agreed that it 's in the best interests of all parties that they wo n't play out the season .
Carlton 's Head of Football Andrew McKay says the club will investigate its trade options to find the best possible deal .
“ We are obviously disappointed with Lachie 's decision to request a trade but we want people who yearn to play for our Carlton jumper – and who will accept the responsibility that comes with it , ” McKay said .
“ In consultation with our playing leadership group , it was decided it 's in the best interests of the Club that Lachie sits out of the remaining three games this season .
“ This will allow further opportunity to see how some of our younger players continue to perform at the AFL level .
“ Our list management team now has a duty to our Carlton members to get the best possible deal in return for Lachie through the AFL trade period . ”
This story appears in ESPN The Magazine 's September 14 New Orleans Issue . Subscribe today !
IT 'S UNANIMOUS -- EVERYONE has an opinion . We asked 99 * players to dish on the Heisman hunt , playoff prospects , championship contenders ... and more . Spoiler alert : A few of these guys might look O-H so familiar .
Who will win the Heisman in 2015 ?
Trevone Boykin , TCU QB 17 percent
Ezekiel Elliott , Ohio State RB 16 percent
`` Whoever starts at QB for Ohio State . '' 7 percent
`` The Heisman has become the QB of the year award . '' -- Big Ten player on why a quarterback will take home the hardware again
The four playoff teams will be :
Ohio State 88 percent * *
Alabama 82 percent
Oregon 53 percent
TCU 41 percent
`` It 'd be cool to see TCU since they just missed it last year . '' -- AAC player on the Frogs ' playoff push
This year 's champion will be :
Ohio State 30 percent
Alabama 26 percent
Oregon 9 percent
TCU 9 percent
`` I can see Ohio State winning again . I would cheer for them because they 're from the Big Ten , even though I hate them ! '' -- Big Ten player on the Buckeyes ' bid for a repeat
Other than your own , who is the best coach in the country ?
Nick Saban 37 percent
Urban Meyer 25 percent
Gary Andersen 4 percent
Jimbo Fisher 4 percent
`` Saban produces first-round picks and Heisman winners year in and year out . They never rebuilds . '' -- AAC player on why the Bama coach is still the boss
Who is the last coach you 'd want to play for ?
Nick Saban 11 percent
Jim Harbaugh 10 percent
Todd Graham 8 percent
Mike Leach 8 percent
`` I hate Jim Harbaugh . He 's arrogant and pompous and thinks he 's the best . '' -- Big 12 player on their least favorite head man
I think the playoff system is better than the BCS .
Yes 93 percent
No 7 percent
`` At the end of the day , you always have those teams that think they should have been in , but those third and fourth teams are good to have . '' -- AAC player on why the College Football Playoff trumps the BCS system
How many teams should be in the playoff ?
Eight 58 percent
Four 21 percent
Six 13 percent
`` Eight teams . Multiple one-loss teams should not be left out . '' -- C-USA player on why the playoff should expand
* Not all athletes answered every question . Percentages are rounded . * * Percentage ( and ones below it ) indicates the portion of voters who included school in their four-team prediction .
Its an old game , and its gameplay does n't age well .
Zombie Horde 3 is basically a grinding game , and despite having a large city , you 'll find that it is not worth exploring the place , especially since the vehicle is so difficult to handle . You wo n't be able to pause the game halfway ; you 'll have to go back to the garage .
//How to rush the game :
1 ) Follow the yellow arrows to do to defend missions . Grind cash for at least a knife ( machete if you want to 1-hit kill basic zombies ) .
2 ) Save up $ 20,000 . Buy a rocket launcher and get about 30 ammo to be safe . You 'll need the rocket launcher to get past all the barricades in the game .
3 ) When you 're ready , follow the blue arrow . You 'll be able to enter a whole new area of the city and have access to a new garage . Use this new garage from now on .
4 ) Continue following the blue arrow until you 're told to go to the airport .
Here 's the thing . You 're not supposed to go to the airport . You 're supposed to go into a forest where a helicopter awaits .
Take the main road where the garage is , head right . Destroy the barricade , and then take the first sideroad that leads north . You 'll see it on the minimap : http : //i.imgur.com/vudyapG.png
Once you 've reached the end of the road , just walk left into the forest on foot , and congratulations you 've just beat the game and receive 1 million cash .
//Gameplay Tips :
Mostly for players who want to play this game nice and slow .
1 ) With the whip , you can 1-hit kill crows , basic zombies , pistol zombies and the evolved zombies ( most of the time ) . With a bit of timing you can kill the pistol zombies before they shoot , but otherwise do n't bother meleeing the ranged zombies .
2 ) If you need to park the car , DO N'T drive in reverse ! Just slow down with brakes and exit ; for some reason you can not exit the car when you 're going in reverse .
3 ) SMG is okay if you upgrade it , but Assault Rifle is way better . Shotgun is useless . Sniper can pierce multiple zombies in a row . Rocket Launcher can be upgraded to fire 5 shots at a time . I recommend only having up to 2 weapons in each hand since switching weapons is really finnicky - I suggest L for Knife & Rocket , R for Pistol & < SMG/Assault Rifle/Sniper , pick one > .
4 ) Fighting at night is not recommended ; your vision will be reduced to a torchlight seeing what 's in front of you , and after the hospital you 'll encounter a special hunter zombie that is pretty tough to kill . I suggest simply farming off the regular zombies in the day near the garage and going back inside when the game prompts you to find shelter .
Turkish man in Germany sentenced to three years in jail for PKK membership
BERLIN - Anadolu Agency
AP File Photo
A Turkish man has been sentenced to three years in prison for being a member of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) in Germany.The Hamburg Provincial High Court ordered three years ' imprisonment for the man , identified only as Mehmet D.The 46-year-old was convicted of holding meetings and staging protests in Germany 's western and northern regions in the name of the PKK , while also being a regional head of the group.The court said in its ruling that the PKK was a foreign terrorist organization that aimed to kill people and commit homicides.Turkey , the European Union , and the United States designate the PKK a terrorist organization and ban its activities inside their territory.Meanwhile , the Federal Prosecutor 's Office in Germany said another Turkish citizen , identified as Bedrettin K. , had been arrested and charged over PKK membership.The 57-year-old man is charged with heading the PKK in areas including the German cities of Bremen , Hannover and Hamburg in 2014 , and Düsseldorf , Köln and Bielefeld in 2015 .
Close
In a meeting on Dec. 14 , the Federal Communications Commission will decide what will happen to the current net neutrality rules .
These regulations were set in place in 2015 to prevent internet service providers such as AT & T , Comcast , and Verizon from throttling bandwidth speeds , blocking select websites , locking content behind payment schemes , and other similar moves that will favor their services over others .
FCC chairperson Ajit Pai and commissioners Michael O'Rielly , Brendan Carr , Mignon Clyburn , and Jessica Rosenworcel are the five officials who will determine whether the regulations will remain intact or not .
Net Neutrality End Date Announced
Pai has been vocal in ending net neutrality , announcing their intention to push for its demise and releasing their full proposal ( PDF ) on the matter , which will be the focal point of the voting process during the December meeting .
The Key Players
FCC 's chief Pai , previously a telecommunications lawyer and associate general counsel for Verizon , was appointed by President Donald Trump to the position in the agency . In 2015 , they were strident against the instatement of net neutrality rules , and now they are moving forward to repeal them .
Since 2013 , O'Rielly has been an FCC commissioner . They are a Republican who also voted against net neutrality in 2015 . They did n't voice their support for Pai 's proposal to eliminate the regulations , but based on their comments and the consensus , they will likely back it up .
Carr had been the legal advisor to Pai for three years . They were nominated for a position in the FCC back in June , and they assumed the job in August . Their elevation to the commission 's general counsel in January was due to Pai . They have announced that they `` fully supported '' the chairperson 's proposal .
Clyburn has been in the FCC since 2009 , making them the current commissioner who has spent the longest time in the agency . They are a staunch defender of net neutrality who voted for it in 2015 and has said ( PDF ) that Pai 's plan `` is simply a giveaway to the nation 's largest communications companies , at the expense of consumers and innovation ... I hope my colleagues will see the light , and put these drafts where they belong : in the trash heap . ''
Rosenworcel is also a supporter of net neutrality . They backed it up in 2015 along with Clyburn and then FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler , who are all Democrats , and has said ( PDF ) that Pai 's proposal `` is ridiculous and offensive to the millions of Americans who use the Internet every day . ''
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A group of feminist activists who have taken over a closed-down Bristol Library as a refuge for the survivors of domestic violence are facing eviction today ( THUR ) , despite a judge saying they were ‘ certainly sympathetic ' with their cause .
The Sisters Uncut group have been occupying the Cheltenham Road Library in Montpelier for almost two weeks , in protest at council cuts and the lack of emergency or temporary accommodation for women fleeing violence in their own homes .
In the 12 days since the group took over the huge building opposite Colston 's Girls ' School , they have set up workshops , seminars and effectively created a refuge for survivors of domestic violence .
But the library , which was sold by the council to a developer and closed down at the end of February , is now owned by MD Homes , who have planning permission to knock it down and construct 36 apartments on the site .
MD Homes went to the Civil Court in Bristol on Thursday morning to gain a possession order to take back the building and evict the group .
MD Homes ' barrister Ross Fentem said there was no question mark over the ownership of the building , and the women occupying the building were trespassing .
( Image : David Betts )
They said their client wanted to begin demolition work this weekend , so wanted to regain possession immediately .
Deputy District Judge Deborah Incledon agreed , and issued the possession order , after hearing a number of arguments by Alex Crimp , who was speaking on behalf of the Sisters Uncut organisation .
Ms Crimp claimed the paperwork on ownership was not in order , but DDJ Incledon said any issues did not affect MD Homes ' lawful possession of the building .
Ms Crimp also said they had applied to register the building as an ‘ asset of community value ' , and also applied to get the building listed as a historic and important building .
They added under human rights legislation , the library was now the primary home of some of the group , who would face homelessness otherwise , so an order would breach those rights .
The judge dismissed those arguments . “ I ca n't see anything that would prevent me from issuing this order . None of those issues impact on the ownership of this building .
“ What I have to look at is who is the legal owner of this property . I do n't know what the claimant intends to do with the property , and it is of no concern to me . It does n't prevent me making a decision on who has got the legal right to occupy the building .
“ I 've seen the information you have provided about what you have been doing in the building . I 'm certainly sympathetic to what you are doing , it seems to be good and valuable work that you are doing , ” said the judge .
Earlier this year , a long-running campaign by Sisters Uncut and other groups to persuade council chiefs to increase the priority given to survivors of domestic violence on the housing needs lists appeared to have succeeded .
But the group said the change made by council cabinet chiefs did not go far enough – and would only benefit a small proportion of women in need .
Miss Crimp told the court that many of the women at the library would now be homeless . “ We ca n't go back to where we were before . It 's going to be very difficult , ” they said .
“ It also surprises and shocks me that the Human Rights Act does not apply . That seems absolutely insane to me – what about people 's rights ?
“ But this building is no longer owned by Bristol City Council , ” said Deputy District Judge Incleman . “ It is a private building now , and this is a matter between two private individuals , so the human rights legislation does not apply . I appreciate there 's some very emotive issues involved . ”
Back at the library , women involved in the occupation took to the roof on Thursday afternoon to unfurl banners protesting at council cuts .
The protestors said they were expecting the bailiffs to try to evict them either on Thursday afternoon or Friday morning .
AT & T CEO Randall Stephenson said today that their company will `` pause '' investments in fiber networks until the net neutrality debate is over . The statement came two days after President Obama urged the Federal Communications Commission to reclassify broadband as a utility and impose bans on blocking , throttling , and paid prioritization .
`` We ca n't go out and invest that kind of money deploying fiber to 100 cities not knowing under what rules those investments will be governed , '' Stephenson told investors , according to Reuters . `` We think it is prudent to just pause and make sure we have line of sight and understanding as to what those rules would look like . '' Stephenson was speaking at a Wells Fargo event .
AT & T said in April that it would `` expand its ultra-fast fiber network to up to 100 candidate cities and municipalities nationwide , '' but it never promised to build in all of them . Buildouts were dependent on local officials cooperating with the company . AT & T has also claimed that it will bring fiber to `` two million additional locations '' if the federal government approves its purchase of DirecTV . But AT & T has never said how many customers will get AT & T fiber if the deal is n't approved , making it impossible to judge whether the potential investment would be an increase over existing plans .
AT & T and other Internet service providers have argued that treating broadband as a utility will force them to limit network investments , and they threatened to sue to stop a reclassification .
Figures from the National Crime Prevention Council ( Brottsförebyggande rådet , Brå ) show that 132 men reported being raped in 2012 , compared with 94 reports filed in 2010 and more than three times as many as the 41 reports filed in 2007 .
“ We know from research that the rapists are usually heterosexual men ; for the offenders the act is not about sexuality but about power , ” social work lecturer Hans Knutagård told the Metro newspaper .
They added that male rape victims can sometimes feel that they 've been `` turned into a homosexual '' .
Hot lines and sexual health organizations testify to a growing number of men who contact them for help and support following an assault . Yet , many do not go further and report the crime to the police .
`` No , they 're too ashamed , '' Jane Eriksson , chair of the anti-sexual violence NGO Hopp in Katrineholm , told the newspaper .
The Crime Prevention council estimates that only 23 percent of all rapes are reported to the police , and even fewer make it to trial .
In the first half of 2012 , only six of 61 reported rapes against men resulted in criminal indictments .
In 2011 , the clearance rate for rapes against men was 10 percent , the same clearance rate as rapes against women .
The Local/at
Follow The Local on Twitter
The lively Irish math rock trio are letting you hear their new album a week ahead of release – have a listen and let us know your thoughts
Irish math rock outfit Adebisi Shank take a ‘ say what you see ' approach to naming records : This Is The Third Album Of A Band Called Adebisi Shank follows sophomore effort This Is The Second Album Of A Band Called Adebisi Shank and debut - you guessed it - This Is The Album Of A Band Called Adebisi Shank .
If Adebisi Shank 's album naming methods are a little functional , sonically they are anything but : the band were inspired by a diverse spread of influences in creating TITTOABCAS , including ELO , Enya , Mike Oldfield , Pixar , Crash Bandicoot and Game of Thrones . The result is a retro-futurist brand of math that sounds as close to 80s soft rock and hair metal as it does to the tricksy likes of Battles and Don Caballero .
Have a listen using the player below and let us know your thoughts in the comments section .
Daughter of Sewol Crewman Commits Suicide
By MarEx 2014-06-26 09:34:00
The daughter of a crewmember of the South Korean ferry which sank killing hundreds of school children committed suicide on Thursday , police and prosecutors said , in a tragic twist to a disaster that prompted a nationwide outpouring of grief .
The crewmember , facing a charge of negligence in the April 16 sinking , was granted temporary release from detention so that they could help arrange the funeral , a prosecution official said .
The 15 surviving crew of the ferry are on trial on charges ranging from negligence to homicide amid a public furor after video footage showed some escaping the sinking vessel as the children followed instructions and stayed on board .
The daughter had been preparing for years for a government exam , said a police officer in the southern city of Busan , where they were found dead .
`` To become a public servant was my last hope , but I do n't think that is my way . Thank you for supporting me and I am sorry , '' they said in a note left for their husband , the police officer said .
The Sewol , overloaded and travelling too fast on a turn , sank off the southwest coast on April 16 on a routine journey from Incheon on the mainland to the southern holiday island of Jeju .
Of the 476 passengers and crew on board , 339 were children and teachers from the same school on the outskirts of Seoul . Only 172 people were rescued and the remainder are all presumed to have drowned .
Copyright Reuters 2014 .
Last week , Sami Ramadani undertook the urgent task of giving Western audiences a history lesson on the supposed entrenched sectarian violence of modern Iraq . Their The Sectarian Myth of Iraq , written for The Guardian , sends a message rarely acknowledged in the English speaking world : “ We coexisted peacefully for centuries , and need neither brutal dictators nor western intervention . ”
They explode the illusion that Iraq and the Middle East in general is but a cauldron of historically rooted Shia-Sunni sectarian animosities , and that the current crisis is reducible to the region 's supposedly incurable religious violence—a mentality that has become a truism in the media and foreign policy establishment . This misperception spills over into common American discourse as the simplistic “ Arabs hate each other , ” or “ this is a centuries old religious conflict. ” But Ramadani 's point is proven by their wealth of historical references ; their conclusions further run counter to everything Americans have been told about Iraqi society :
“ The most serious sectarian and ethnic tensions in Iraq 's modern history followed the 2003 US-led occupation , which faced massive popular opposition and resistance . The US had its own divide-and-rule policy , promoting Iraqi organisations founded on religion , ethnicity , nationality or sect rather than politics . Many senior officers in the newly formed Iraqi army came from these organisations and Saddam 's army . This was exacerbated three years ago , when sectarian groups in Syria were backed by the US , Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Qatar . ”
Many in American government and media have been asking over the past week : “ How do we keep getting the Middle East so wrong ? ” There are many avenues of approach to this question , but perhaps the simplest and most basic , confirmed in my own experience , does that Americans continue to see the region according to simplistic stereotypes , caricatures , and orientalist abstractions . American assumptions never line up with Eastern realities , yet our power combined with ignorance continues to sow disaster . It might help for American policymakers to simply travel to those places they are intent on changing , and to live among the common populace for an extended period –doing so would likely shatter many illusions .
I served in the Marine Corps during the first years of the Iraq War and was a 9/11 first responder while stationed at Headquarters Battalion Quantico 2000-2004 . I thought I knew something about Iraq upon the start of our new “ war on terror ” : Arab culture , with its intrinsic primal religious passions and resulting sectarian divisions , must be brought to heel under Western values of pluralism , secularism , and equality if peace and stability are to ever have a chance . This was a guiding assumption among the many Marine officers , active and retired , that I conversed with during my years at Quantico . Iraqis and Middle Easterners were , for us , abstractions that fit neatly into categories learned about by viewing a C-span lecture , or perhaps in a college class or two : there are Sunnis , Shia , some dissident sects , they all mistrust each other , and they all want theocratic states with their group in charge .
My first visit to the region as a civilian desiring to study Arabic in 2004 , after completion of active duty military service , began a process of undoing every assumption I 'd ever imbibed concerning Middle East culture , politics , and conflict . An initial visit to Syria from Lebanon was the start of something that my Marine buddies could hardly conceive of : Damascus became my second home through frequent travel and lengthy stays from 2004 to 2010 , and was my place of true education on the real life and people of the region . While my fellow servicemen were just across Syria 's border settling in to the impossible task of occupying a country they had no understanding of , I was able view a semblance of Iraq as it once was through the prism of highly stable Ba'athist Syria .
During my first weeks in Damascus , I was pleasantly shocked at just how wrong my simplistic ideas about region were . I expected to find a society full of veiled women , mosques on every street corner , religious police looking over shoulders , rabid anti-American sentiment preached to angry crowds , persecuted Christians and crumbling hidden churches , prudish separation of the sexes , and so on . I quickly realized during my first few days and nights in Damascus , that Syria was a far cry from my previous imaginings , which were probably more reflective of Saudi Arabian life and culture .
What I actually found was mostly unveiled women wearing European fashions and sporting bright makeup – many of them wearing blue jeans and tight clothes . I saw groups of teenage boys and girls mingling in trendy cafes late into the night , displaying expensive cell phones . There were plenty of mosques , but almost every neighborhood had a large church or two with crosses figured prominently in the Damascus skyline . As I walked near the Old City , I was surprised to find entire streets lined with large stone and marble churches . At night , all of the crosses atop these churches were lit up , outlined with blue fluorescent lighting , visible for miles ; and in some parts of the Damascus skyline these blue crosses even outnumbered the green-lit minarets of mosques . Historic synagogues were also accessible and well-kept in the small Jewish quarter of Old City Damascus and in the famous National Museum .
More surprising than the presence of prominent brightly lit churches , was the number of restaurant bars and alcohol kiosks clustered around the many city squares . One could get two varieties of Syrian-made beer , or a few international selections like Heineken or Amstel , with relative ease . The older central neighborhoods , as well as the more upscale modern suburbs , had a common theme : endless numbers of restaurants filled with carefree Syrians , partying late into the night with poker cards , boisterous discussion , alcohol , hookah smoke , cigarettes , and elaborate oriental pastries and desserts . I got to know local Syrians while frequenting random restaurants during my first few weeks in Damascus . I came into contact with people representative of Syria 's ethnically and religiously diverse capital city : Christians , Sunni Muslims , Alawites , Druze , Kurds , Armenians , Palestinians , and a number of Arab atheists . The characterization of Syrian city life that increasingly came to my mind during my first , and many subsequent visits and extended stays , was of Syria as a consciously pluralistic and secular society .
Syrian cities ( and government organizations ) are very much like Iraq before the war : neighborhoods are mixed , and people do n't identify themselves primarily along sectarian lines ; “ I am Syrian ” or “ I am Iraqi ” is typically as far as you 'll get with “ identity ” type discourse . In fact , it is generally considered rude to even inquire of a person 's particular religious or ethnic background in daily conversation ( much as it is in most parts of the world ) . The secularist , pluralist , and “ Syrian first ” attitude , more palpably experienced in urban centers , was a far cry from the simple caricature of “ passionate , sectarian , conservative Islamic society ” I 'd been given while in the Marines and by American culture in general .
I certainly witnessed plenty of examples of Islamic conservatism in Syrian public life , but it was the secular and pluralistic ( represented in the diverse population living side by side ) aspect that always seemed to dominate , whether I was in Damascus , Homs , Aleppo , or coastal areas like Tartus . Syria 's committed secular identify was confirmed to me more than ever when I first traveled the freeway that wraps around Mt . Qasyoon—the small mountain against which the Damascus urban center is nestled . My speeding taxi passed a couple of expansive foreign car dealerships , but most prominent were a seeming myriad number of windowless entertainment venues , structured like residential mansions , lining both sides of the road . My taxi driver laughed at my perplexed expression and informed me that this was “ brothel row ” ( my translation ) —a place where guys go to drink and have their pick of East European , Syrian , and Iraqi women .
When I later got to know a group of Syrian Christian guys—enough to where I could ask potentially awkward or embarrassing questions—they confirmed , with some degree of shame , that all big cities in Syria have their seedy underbellies ( “ like your Nevada , ” my friend Michel said ) . Places like brothels and “ pick-up bars ” were allowed to operate in public , but did n't necessarily advertise what they were about . It was explained to me that while the Syrian government was deeply authoritarian in some respects , it generally allowed ( and enforced ) openness in social and religious areas unparalleled anywhere in the Middle East . I was told by many Syrians and Iraqis that Iraqi society had been little different from Syria prior to U.S. occupation . Most blamed the Americans and Western powers for the religious nature of Iraq 's resulting civil war , and the ultra-conservative path of the competing sects .
Syrian Ba'ath society , like pre-invasion Iraq , was never ideal ; yet , it certainly escapes the many false stereotypes that have come to define the American outlook on the region . Baghdad was very much like Damascus prior to the American invasion : Iraqi nationalism , regardless of sectarian creed , was the organizing principle of the secular Ba'ath state . It is a tragic shame that those U.S. personnel sent to occupy Iraq never got to experience the country before the 2003 invasion . They would have learned the important reality : “ We coexisted peacefully for centuries , and need neither brutal dictators nor western intervention . ”
Image copyright AP
New York City authorities are dropping sexual assault charges against five teenagers after their accuser recanted them story .
The woman initially told police they were gang raped at gunpoint in a Brooklyn park on 7 January .
Police arrested five teens , but parts of the woman 's story began to come under scrutiny as more details emerged .
Them father was said to have been chased off by the suspects , but it took them nearly 30 minutes to alert police .
The teenagers said the encounter was consensual . They told police when they entered the park they saw the woman and their father engaged in a sex act .
Prosecutor Kenneth Thompson said the 18-year-old woman provided `` multiple inconsistent accounts '' when detectives questioned them
`` That night , this young woman 's father and the five young men engaged in conduct that was reprehensible and wrong , but because of the lack of reliable evidence , criminal charges simply can not be sustained , '' Mr Thompson said .
Image copyright ANIMATED HEALTHCARE LTD/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
Experts believe that a simple breath test could help doctors detect and diagnose Parkinson 's disease .
The test looks for a unique signature of chemicals in exhaled breath .
Small studies in volunteers have begun and early findings suggest the test can identify those with the debilitating brain condition .
Larger trials are now planned to see if it could truly be a useful test , particularly for picking up Parkinson 's in its earliest stages .
A breath test would be really appealing because it 's non-invasive , non-painful and can be done in seconds Researcher Dr Simon Stott
Currently , no test can conclusively show that a person has Parkinson 's .
Instead , doctors reach a diagnosis based on a person 's symptoms and test results - such as brain scans to rule out other diseases .
At this stage , Parkinson 's may already be fairly advanced .
Identifying it earlier would be beneficial because it would mean treatment could be given sooner .
Sniff it out
Parkinson 's disease is a progressive condition where there is gradual loss of nerve cells from the brain .
And it is thought that this degradation leaves a chemical footprint in the body that could potentially be used in diagnostic tests .
Image copyright SPL Image caption A scan showing tell-tale brain degeneration in a patient with Parkinson 's
Scientists have been exploring different ways of finding such biomarkers , including looking in blood , spinal fluid , and exhaled breath .
The breath analyser was developed by Prof Hossam Haick and their team at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology
It looks for traces of volatile organic compounds or VOCs in the air we exhale .
In a small trial in Israel with 57 people , some with Parkinson 's and some without , the test could identify the individuals with Parkinson 's by looking for distinctive patterns of VOCs .
It also appeared to distinguish between different sub-types of the disease based on the presence and quantity of different VOCs .
The charity Parkinson 's UK and experts at the University of Cambridge were intrigued by these early findings and are now setting out to do a bigger study involving 200 volunteers from England .
Dr Simon Stott , who is part of this UK team and will be working alongside the scientists from the Israel Institute of Technology , in Haifa , said : `` We would like to find biomarkers that can identify patients early .
`` A breath test would be really appealing because it 's non-invasive , non-painful and can be done in seconds .
`` While it would n't replace what doctors already do , it could be a useful diagnostic tool to help them . ''
The biggest hope is that there may be molecules in the breath of people with Parkinson 's which throw up new options for drug targets .
The researchers say they have many years of work ahead of them before they will know if the test can be used in clinics .
Parkinson 's disease
The Leica M2 . This is by far my favorite 35mm film camera to shoot with . It 's fully mechanical and void of any electronics . The beauty & challenge of that is there is NO light meter within the camera . It forces you to either use a hand-held meter or “ do it old-school ” and rely on the Sunny 16 rule . I use two lenses ; an older rigid type Leica 50mm f/2 and a Voigtlander 15mm f/4.5 . Eventually I would like to find a 35mm f/2.8 or a 35mm f/2 , but for now , those are working wonders for me . The 15mm especially . Some Leica-snobs might scoff at the fact that I 'm not using a Leica lens on a Leica body , but I could care less . The results I get with it are wonderful .
Because the 15mm is such a wide lens ( 100 degree horizontal viewpoint ) , you can capture the world in a very unique way . Along with this however are some characteristics to the lens you might want to be aware of . Because of the ultra-wide perspective , there is distortion around all edges of the frame . I 've found it 's typically best to keep people out of the very edge otherwise parts of their body will be distorted . Also , with any ultra-wide angle lens , there is some natural optical vignetting that will occur when you 're shooting wide open .
One of the cool things about this lens , is that anything beyond ~ 5 feet is in focus when you 're shooting wide open at f/4.5 . It turns the camera into a 35mm point & shoot . There 's little need for focusing unless you are shooting something within the 5 foot range . For me , that 's maybe 5-10 % of the time . I 'm usually shooting landscapes & architecture with this lens and that is where this thing excels .
My experience with the 15mm is mainly film-based . I 've shot slides , color neg and b+w with it for about a year now . I did sneak it onto a Leica M9 digital one day in my friend 's shop but I ca n't really call that “ experience ” .
The first time I had my hands on this lens was when I was visiting my Dad in Washington , D.C a few years ago . I immediately fell in love with it . I was able to get everything I was seeing on the frame and then some . I captured some really cool images of Washington when I was there on a Leica M7 & the 15mm ; one of which was selected to be in the New Texas Talent competition , back in 2009 , at the Craighead-Green Gallery .
Over Christmas of 2010 , my wife surprised me and they gave me a Leica M2 with a 50mm lens . She 's always been supportive of my drive & passion for photography and I ca n't thank them enough for that . A handful of months later , I saved up and finally picked up a 15mm of my own . Ever since then , using this lens has helped me capture unique images that are only possible with an ultra-wide angle lens .
If you have the time , enjoy some of my favorite images I have taken with the 15mm & the Leica M2 .
ALL of these photos are available as prints . If you 'd like more information on purchasing , contact me at info @ goodephotography.biz .
Thanks for reading the blog and taking the time !
-Justin
www.goodephotography.biz
Advertisements
Budget Magic : $ 81 ( 60 tix ) Standard UR Dragons
by SaffronOlive // Jul 12 , 2016 Tweet
budget magic video standard
Mɔkɔm , Budget Magic lovers ! It 's that time again . While we are waiting for Eldritch Moon to release , along with it 's Zombies , Vampires , Spirits , and Horrors , this week , we are heading to Standard to play a deck built around a tribe that 's been floating around in the format for quite a while now : Dragons ! I 've mentioned before that many of the best decks in Standard are really weak to efficient fliers , so what happens when you run a deck that is exclusively evasive creatures , backed up by a handful of burn spells and some Dragons-matter cards like Silumgar 's Scorn and Draconic Roar ? You Si a deck that 's not only cheap but fun to play and surprisingly effective against the top tier of the format !
Let 's get to the videos ; then , we 'll break down UR Dragons . A quick reminder : if you enjoy the Budget Magic series and the other video content on MTGGoldfish , make sure to subscribe to the MTGGoldfish YouTube Channel to keep up on all the latest and greatest .
UR Dragons : Deck Tech
UR Dragons vs. Bant Human Company
UR Dragons vs. UW Fliers
UR Dragons vs. Four-Color Rites
UR Dragons vs. GR Eldrazi Ramp
UR Dragons vs. Wr Humans
The Deck
To really understand the power of UR Dragons , we need to briefly look at the Standard metegame . While Eldritch Moon will ( hopefully ) shake things up in a couple of weeks , right now , the top tier of the format is pretty much set in stone . Bant Company and Bant Human Company make up about 30 % of the meta , GW Tokens makes up 16 % of the meta , and Mono-White Humans ( or Wr Humans ) makes up another 12 % . What this means is that about 60 % of the time , you 'll be playing against one of these three decks , all of which are removal light and focused on valuing opponents out with efficient ground threats like Sylvan Advocate , Gideon , Ally of Zendikar , and Tireless Tracker . As a result , it 's a really good time to be attacking in the air , especially when you can back up creature beats with burn spells .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Thunderbreak Regent is still one of the most efficient , evasive threats in Standard . As a 4/4 flier for four manas , it comes down fairly early , pressures opposing planeswalkers , and closes out games quickly . Plus , its triggered ability means that , even in the worst case ( for example , we cast Thunderbreak Regent , our opponent untaps and casts Ruinous Path ) , we are still getting in three damage . In the late game , this ability often puts an opponent in a lose-lose position . If they do n't kill the Thunderbreak Regent , they will die to our 4/4 flier , but if they do kill the Thunderbreak Regent , they 'll die to the three-damage trigger .
Icefall Regent , on the other hand , is extremely powerful when it 's tapping down something like Sylvan Advocate , while also offering us some sort of out to a World Breaker or Ulamog , the Ceaseless Hunger . A lot of games with UR Dragons come down to a race . We do n't really want to block , because trading a flier for an equally powerful ground creature is usually a bad idea , and most of our opponents literally can not block , since all of our creatures have flying . As a result , we play a lot of close games , where both players are attacking and hoping to get their opponent to zero before they die . In these situations , if we can use Icefall Regent to tap down our opponent 's best threat ( or a flying blocker like Archangel Avacyn ) for just a turn or two , it 's often enough to shift the race in our favor .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Since we 're running seven dragons , we get to take advantage of some really powerful Dragons-matter cards in Silumgar 's Scorn and Draconic Roar . After playing a bunch of matches with the deck , I admit that there are quite a few situations when we do n't have a Dragon in our hand or on the battlefield to power up these spells , but thankfully we can still get some amount of value from , both even without a Dragon .
Silumgar 's Scorn is fine in the early game even without a Dragon , since most decks are looking to play on curve , which means that quite often we can counter something in Force Spike mode , and then in the late game , it 's usually just Counterspell , since sooner or later , we are going to draw a Dragon . Draconic Roar , on the other hand , is always fine with or without a Dragon . While the no-Dragon mode is a little bit more expensive than a card like Fiery Impulse , paying two manas to kill a Sylvan Advocate or Duskwatch Recruiter on Turn 2 is still great , and when we do have a Dragon , it turns into a Searing Blaze—a Modern staple—that does n't require landfall .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The rest of the creatures in our deck are pretty much all 2/1 fliers with some sort of upside ( with the exception of a single Pia and Kiran Nalaar , which technically makes two power worth of fliers when it enters the battlefield ) . Both Stratus Dancer and Silumgar Sorcerer allow us to counter a spell . Stratus Dancer is especially helpful against Collected Company but can also hit a sweeper or a targeted removal spell like Declaration in Stone ) . Meanwhile , Silumgar Sorcerer lets us counter a creature and works especially well with our next 2/1 flier :
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Eldrazi Skyspawner is one of the most important cards in the deck . While it does give us a 1/1 Eldrazi Scion token that we can sacrifice to Silumgar Sorcerer 's exploit ability , the real power of the card is that it gives us an evasive threat and a chump blocker . As I mentioned a minute ago , we play a lot of close games , and similar to how tapping down a creature for just a turn or two with Icefall Regent can swing the race in our favor , getting a single chump block from the Eldrazi Scion token can do the same thing . Remember : since the Scion can also be sacrificed to add a mana , Eldrazi Skyspawner really only costs two mana ( since we can immediately sacrifice the Scion to play something else ) , which puts it on par with some of the most efficient flying threats in the format .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
We 've played this package before in our UW Clue Flash deck , and the ability to flash in 2/1 fliers at the end of our opponent 's turn is just as good in this deck . These cards allow us to leave up Silumgar 's Scorn or Draconic Roar and , if we do n't need to cast a counter or removal spell , still get some value by flashing in Rattlechains or Dimensional Infiltrator at the end of our opponent 's turn , dodging sorcery-speed removal . They are also key to the primary plan of the deck . Basically , we want to overload the board with evasive threats , eventually resolve a Dragon or two , and disrupt our opponent just enough that we stay alive until we can win by beating down in the air , or with one of our burn spells .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Pia and Kiran Nalaar does two things for our deck . First , it gives us some reach , since we can sacrifice the Thopter tokens to deal two damage directly to our opponent . Second , it makes a lot of blockers to help keep us alive while we are winning with our mass of fliers . Exquisite Firecraft , on the other hand , is mostly a way to shorten the game . While we do occasionally use it in the early game as a creature removal spell , most of the time , we try to save it to finish off our opponent with direct damage . Just like chumping with a Scion token or tapping something with Icefall Regent , being able to blast our opponent for four damage often cuts an entire turn off of the game , which is sometimes the difference between winning and losing to our opponent 's powerful ground creatures . It also has additional benefits against control decks , since in the late game , it will often be uncounterable thanks to spell mastery .
Sideboard
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Fevered Visions and Negate are primarily in the deck to help against slower , more controlling builds . Fevered Visions , in particular , is a control-deck destroyer . In fact , there are a lot of times when playing this on Turn 3 against a deck like Esper , WB Control , or Seasons Past is just game over . Meanwhile , Negate can help fight through removal or keep planeswalkers off the battlefield .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Against more aggressive decks , we can cut cards like Silumgar 's Scorn and bring in a bunch more removal . Seismic Rupture is to decks with all fliers what Whipflare is to Modern Affinity : essentially a one-sided Pyroclasm . Roast can take down just about any ground creature in the format , and is especially helpful against a Thalia 's Lieutenant or Tireless Tracker that is starting to get built up with counters . Finally , Rending Volley is the Archangel Avacyn assassin , although it 's good against pretty much any aggressive deck playing a bunch of white creatures .
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Last but not least , we have Eldrazi Obligator , which is great against a deck like GR Eldrazi Ramp , since stealing an Ulamog , the Ceaseless Hunger or Dragonlord Atarka for one turn is often enough to close out the game . I could also see brining it in against some midrange builds , especially against decks that are playing big fliers , since the Threaten effect will hopefully let us get in one last big attack to bring our opponent 's life total to zero .
Ultra-Budget UR Dragons
Making an ultra-budget build of UR Dragons ended up being harder than I thought , mostly because Rattlechains tripled in price over the last few days . As a result , we had to cut it from the list and replace it with an additional copy of Stratus Dancer and a couple more Silumgar Sorcerers . Otherwise , we switch Pia and Kiran Nalaar to Whirler Rogue , which means we lose out on some reach , but Whirler Rogues are just as good at making chump blockers and 1/1 fliers . We also lose most of the dual lands from the mana base , while gaining a few more basics and everyone favorite fixer—Evolving Wilds . All in all , I think the ultra-budget list is playable , but losing Rattlechains really hurts the consistency of the deck . While I think this build is probably fine for casual play , I 'd look to make some upgrades if you are planning on taking this to a tournament .
Non-Budget UR Dragons
The great thing about UR Dragons is that the version we play in the videos is pretty much the optimal list . While some people include Jace , Vryn 's Prodigy ( see : the build above ) , most people do not , instead playing a deck that looks very much like the one we played in the videos . Every once and a while this happens—where a deck is both optimal and cheap—and when it does , it 's awesome . People have been having real tournament success with the UR Dragons archetype ( it 5-0ed a Magic Online league recently , as well as going 6-1 in a PTQ and 8-1 in the Magic Online Championship Series ) ; it just happens to also be cheap !
Conclusion
Anyway , that 's all for today . Overall , we went 3-2 in games , but we really should have been at least 4-1 ( we lost our match against Four-Color Rites because we kept a two lander in game three , never drew a third land , and ended up dying with our opponent at four life and multiple copies of Exquisite Firecraft in hand ) . Better yet , we ran into a lot of the top-tier matchups , which suggests that UR Dragons is actually pretty good in our current Standard format . More importantly , it 's a lot of fun to play , so if you are looking for something different , competitive , and cheap while you 're waiting for Eldritch Moon to release , give it a shot !
As always , leave your thoughts , ideas , opinions , and suggestions in the comments , and you can reach me on Twitter @ SaffronOlive , or at SaffronOlive @ MTGGoldfish.com .
Credit : Michel Fiffe
They did it .
In a world where it 's still a great challenge for entire comic book creative teams to get a book out on a regular basis , Michel Fiffe produced 12 issues of their offbeat , action-packed supervillain team Copra entirely on their own…and we mean , they did everything , from story to art to self-publishing outside of the Diamond system employed by almost every comic company .
Credit : Michel Fiffe
Let 's take a moment to contemplate that .
For Fiffe , it 's Miller time – Copra is taking a short rest with its finale out ( you can catch up on the series with compendium volumes available here , here and here ) . If you have n't checked out Copra , it 's one of the craziest comics of the year , an all-out homage to John Ostrander 's run on DC 's Suicide Squad about a team of villains forced to work for the government – only with more psychedelic dimensions , surreal villains and mad twists than even that all-time classic had to offer , with heaps of giant sound effects , experimental pages , and visual hommages to all manner of great 1980s comics ( you can also check out Fiffe 's Suicide Squad fan comic “ Deathzone ” here ) .
With Copra # 12 wrapped , we talked with Fiffe about their accomplishment – and got a ton of great comic recommendations in the process .
Newsarama : Michel , you 've written , penciled , inked , colored , lettered and published 12 issues of a monthly comic book . How does that feel ? How are you doing ? Mentally , have you cracked yet ?
Michel Fiffe : I was hoping to crack by the end of it , but no such luck . It did feel like a marathon , though , and I can say that I got through it by not thinking about the race but by simply moving . Things needed to get done , so I had no time to ruminate .
Nrama : Why the hiatus ?
Credit : Michel Fiffe
Fiffe : Why the hiatus ? Because I need to take a moment to plan more stories and catch up on other projects ... and I just wanted to live like a human being , man . Since this is a one-man operation , from the drawing to the shipping to the customer service , no hiatus would result in me being truly exhausted and in hacked out , shitty comics . The world has enough of that . It 's been scientifically proven that shitty comics need not exist .
Nrama : Over the course of the 12 issues , which characters came to be your favorites to write and draw ?
Fiffe : Sonia is the main mouthpiece , the team leader , the one I can speak through easily . But I also really enjoyed writing Man-Head , whose life I summarized in a couple of issues . I aim to do that to most of the major players , actually . Drawing them ? I like them all , no joke . I like the variety of a team book .
Nrama : How do you feel this experience forced you to evolve , as a writer , artist and ... well , everything ? Do you have a renewed appreciation for the process of putting a comic together by `` committee ? '' For that matter , what do you feel is particularly unique in the vision of a comic done by someone who 's a writer/artist , as opposed to one or the other ?
Fiffe : I 've always respected what went into `` committee '' made comics - even participated in a few - but I excel when being left alone . Thing is , my inspiration largely stems from work produced under that factory style system , but waiting for any sort of permission to move forward would 've killed Copra .
The one thing I found crucial is that I get to move faster if I 'm making all of the decisions as opposed to checking in with anyone . That may sound obvious , but I mean every last decision is up to me . I decide how fast I should produce , how efficiently , how intensely I work . Waiting for even a single step would 've stalled things too much . The only things I had to wait around for were my proofreader and the printer 's delivery ; both were terribly quick .
Credit : Michel Fiffe
Nrama : Looking back , what do you feel was most successful about your experience with the first run of Copra ? What do you feel you would have done differently ?
I got to do an action comic the way I thought it should look , written in a way I thought it should read , and making it specifically tied in to the comic storytelling idiom . Not the familiar character nods , but the storytelling tools specific to comics . There 's almost nothing quite as dull as a comic that wants to look like a movie . What a remarkable waste of everyone 's time that is . I wanted to create an experience unique to comics by way of a superhero story .
If I could 've changed anything , though , it would 've been to up the print run considerably . I did not see the tide of interest coming . I was making comics for the few folks already familiar with my work . Selling out of issues sucked ; it 's not as romantic the headlines make it out to be . I wanted to get books in people 's hands !
Nrama : Also , what was the biggest challenge in distributing Copra outside of traditional comic shops -- a few picked up on it , obviously , such as Chapel Hill Comics where I got my fix , but what were the difficulties in making people aware of the book , and getting it out there ? Do you see yourself doing things differently for future releases ?
Fiffe : Less than a handful of retail stores backed Copra from day one : Bergen Street Comics , Floating World , Zanadu Comics , and Mission : Comics & Art .
Credit : Michel Fiffe
Their help was immense when I started out . From that point on , it was word of mouth , it was social media at work , it was people asking their stores for the book . It did n't go through Diamond , it was n't published by a reputable publisher .
It was me making a comic and people liking it ; simple as that . I personally e-mailed stores , some took , some did n't , but I was too busy to expand my reach . Bergen Street Comics stepped in and started publishing the compendium reprints , so that bumped it to another level .
I 'm convinced that readers just need to be aware of the book to get into it , but sometimes that means having that book physically in stores , right in front of people 's faces . That 's my aim , to get a minute of every store 's time ; they 'll see Copra is a book they can get behind .
Nrama : What advice would you give someone trying to create/publish their own book , and what was the best advice you received when putting this together ?
Fiffe : Any advice would be biased , as my experience is very specific . Far be it from me to offer potentially destructive nuggets of advice , to wit , I took a huge risk ; it 's not my place to demand that from anyone else . Oddly enough , the best piece of advice given to me was to simply take the plunge and start self-publishing .
Credit : Michel Fiffe
Nrama : What comics/creators have you enjoyed over the past year ?
Fiffe : It 's been a busy year so I have n't read as many comics as I normally do . But the few I have included Lee Weeks drawing 3 parts of Daredevil in the snow ; it was gorgeous ( but could 've been a tight single issue , story-wise ) . Oily Comics put out great stuff pretty consistently , like Chuck Forsman 's Teen Creeps , but my absolute favorite is Real Rap by Benjamin Urkowitz . I hunted those things down whenever I 'd miss one . I suck , I should 've subscribed .
Youth In Decline released two real badass Frontier comics : Uno Morales and Hellllllen Jo . Those two are my favorite artists right now , god stab their eyes . I really dug Ed Piskor 's Hip Hop Family Tree , which I preferred to read in print and not on screen . Conversely , I preferred Tom Scioli 's web version of Satan 's Soldier . The screen really highlights the warped technicolor aspect of the strip . Either way , a fun read . Speaking of amazing webcomics , Connor Willumsen continually makes them . Newsarama readers may recognize them from their Punisher one-shot a while back
I 'm a big sucker for anything by Dieter VDO . He 's a treasure . Angie Wang is such a great artist and their color work is an inspiration . Same goes for Dash Shaw ; New School took it a level further . Giannis Milonogiannis can do no wrong , except have a tumblr that drives me nuts with envy . I 'm the first to champion a writer/artist , so I really , really tried to get into Aaron Kuder 's Superman issue . Liked the cover , liked the art . Lala Albert draws the best profiles . Chris Mooneyham draws the best under-nose shadows . Brett Lewis and Cliff Chang did a short story in that Witching Hour anthology . Chang 's scratchy side is a nice welcome and Lewis ... well , Lewis is one of comic 's best writers . Was they blacklisted or something ? That guy can write anything and I 'd be on board . Give that man an Avatar book .
Credit : Michel Fiffe
Pat Auliso and Josh Bayer combined forces to make The Greater Good , a comic about Steve Ditko and yes , it was a goddamn hoot . The Private Eye by BKV and Marcos Martin I have to catch up on , but what I 've read is great . Same thing with Catalyst Comix . Joe Casey 's the right guy to make these properties interesting and recruiting McDaid , Farinas , and Maybury only helps the cause . Matt Seneca 's latest , Minotaur , is their best yet . Sloane Leong , they do it all and does it well . I recently discovered the work of Dave Ortega , but what can I say ? It 's compelling stuff and I look forward to more .
Anyone who says comics are crappy or dead have no idea what they 're talking about . Except Alan Moore . He 's exempt , as he 's usually right about such things .
Nrama : …I think you actually read more comics than I did . This is not something I 'm proud to admit .
What 's next for you ?
Fiffe : More writing , drawing , sleeping , eating right , long walks with my new dog Sharker , collecting Jademan comics , and reading books - books , Zack !
Nrama : Anything else you 'd like to talk about that we have n't discussed yet ?
Fiffe : Read Copra . Start with the Copra compendiums , then hit me up for the rest of the issues . A collection is in the works but why wait ? Copra # 13 will return in the new year , so I hope to see you all then !
Catch up on Copra on Fiffe 's website !
The Swope Park Rangers have added five players on loan from Sporting Kansas City ahead of the club 's 2017 season opener against OKC Energy FC on Saturday night . Goalkeeper Adrian Zendejas , defenders Kevin Ellis and Colton Storm and forwards Latif Blessing and Daniel Salloi will all be available for selection on Saturday .
Zendejas , 21 , spent the second half of the 2016 USL season with the Rangers before signing with Sporting KC in the offseason . While with SPR , Zendejas went 8-1-0 in games that they started , posting a 0.86 goals against average and five shutouts . Their only defeat with the side came in the USL Cup Final defeat to New York Red Bulls II .
Ellis is currently in their seventh season with Sporting KC , having signed as a Homegrown Player ahead of the 2011 season . The 25-year-old has five goals and five assists in 63 appearances for Sporting KC in that time , and made three appearances while on loan with the Rangers last season .
Recent SuperDraft pick Storm , who was selected by Sporting KC with the 14th overall pick , has split time in preseason training and playing with both Sporting KC and the Swope Park Rangers . The 22-year-old rookie is coming off a NCAA College Cup appearance with the University of North Carolina .
Blessing , 20 , has made one appearance for Sporting KC since joining the club this offseason from Liberty Professionals FC in their native Ghana . They made their debut for the club as a substitute in the 0-0 draw with FC Dallas on March 11 at Children 's Mercy Park . Prior to joining Sporting KC , Blessing was the top scorer and MVP of the Ghanaian Premier League after scoring 17 goals in their first season as a professional last year .
Salloi returns to the Rangers having scored four goals and added three assists in the club 's inaugural season in 2016 . The 20-year-old signed with Sporting KC as a Homegrown Player last January and was loaned to Gyirmot SE in Hungary in June . They returned to KC ahead of the 2017 season and has been in Sporting KC 's gameday squad for all three MLS games to date .
Kickoff from Swope Soccer Village is set for 7:30 p.m. CT on Saturday night with tickets available via SeatGeek or at the box office on gameday .
To the surprise of no one , Nic Lewis has found many serious problems with the recently published Marvel et al . paper ( also discussed here and here ) . Even less of a surprise is Andrew Montford lapping up Nic 's claims with glee . As an aside , I had intended to have a Andrew Montford is a … . post today . Not because I specifically want to encourage name calling , but because Andrew , and their regular commenters , seem to so value their right to say whatever they like on their site , that I thought I might return the favour . It might have to wait for another time , or maybe I wo n't bother ( the latter , I expect ) .
So , back to Nic Lewis 's critique of Marvel et al . Let 's be clear , critiquing other studies is an entirely reasonable thing to do . It 's probable that no single study is completely correct , or completely wrong . On the other hand , scientific research is really about gaining understanding , not simply finding things to criticise in other people 's work . Even though some of what Nic Lewis says may be valid , overall it simply comes across as the rather standard pedantic nitpics that are the hallmark of blog science . Auditing is n't really part of the standard scientific method .
I think , however , that I 've got a little ahead of myself , so let 's go back a step . The key issue is that we have a number of methods for estimating climate sensitivity , one of which tends to suggest that climate sensitivity may be lower than most other methods suggest . This method is the observationally-based method that Nic Lewis seems to favour . Marvel et al . was really an attempt to explain this discrepancy , rather than being some kind of independent climate sensitivity estimate . What Marvel et al . show is that the response to a change in forcing is not the same for all forcings . Observationally-based estimates typically assume that the responses are the same . If the efficacy differs for different forcings , then this will influence estimates from methods that assume that it is the same for all forcings . Marvel et al . suggest that ignoring forcing efficacy means that observationally-based estimates tend to under-estimate climate sensitivity , and that this may explain some of the discrepancy between this method and the other methods .
Does this mean that there are n't problems with Marvel et al. ? Of course not , but that there might be done not change that forcing efficacy is something that should be considered when estimating climate sensitivity . Let 's bear in mind that there are also other potential issues with observationally-based methods too . Something I 've tried to point out to Nic Lewis before , is that if they really thinks that equilibrium climate sensitivity ( ECS ) is probably below 2oC , someone is eventually going to have to explain the associated physical processes . Our current understanding is that the ECS is probably greater than 2oC . Appealing to statistical technicalities is not really good enough . The goal should be to understand reality , not rigidly apply some kind of statistical method .
In a similar sense , the ratio of Nic Lewis 's best estimate for the transient climate response ( TCR ) to their best estimate for the ECS is about 0.85 , considerably greater than what more complex models suggest . Such a large ratio would suggest that the system is almost always close to equilibrium , largely at odds with the large heat content of the oceans ( unless the oceans can equilibrate very slowly for a very long time ) . Essentially , all of the methods have potential issues , and understanding their strengths and weaknesses , and why there are discrepancies between methods , is an important part of advancing scientific knowledge . Also , this discussion of discrepancies misses another key point ; there is still quite a large overlap between the different methods . Some methods suggest that very low values are extremely unlikely , others suggest very high values are extremely unlikely , but none of them suggest that an ECS between 2oC and 3oC is very unlikely .
Advertisements
Do you want to become a better table tennis player ? If you 've been practicing regularly , and you do n't feel like you 've been making much progress , you may want to try changing your diet . A lot of people underestimate the importance of good nutrition . As a table tennis player , the right food can help you in a number of ways .
What sort of foods should you be eating ? Think about what kinds of skills you want to improve . From there , go down this list and determine what kinds of foods you should be adding to your diet .
Foods That Can Increase Your Energy
Table tennis is a very active sport . The number of calories burned during a standard best of seven match can reach up to 500 kcal . That is about 7 times as many calories burned compared with an hour of walking .
If you feel like your energy starts to drop after a game has been going on for a while , that may be because you are not eating foods that will increase your energy levels .
The main food type that you should be focusing on is carbohydrates , which should make up about 60 % of your meal . While playing table tennis , you get your energy mainly from the stored glycogen in your muscles . When you eat carbohydrates , a big part of them is used to replenishing those stores . This is why you can not perform well if you do not load up on carbs .
So what are some great carbohydrate sources ? Brown rice and whole grain cereal ( oats , wheat etc ) is an excellent energy booster , as is whole-grain bread and whole-wheat pasta . You should try to include some of these in your daily meal plan . Other foods you should eat more of include sweet potatoes , apples , honey and almonds .
If you want to have a great match and give it all you physically can , you should eat a lot of carbs in the 24 hours preceding the competition ( to fully stock your glycogen levels ) , and again a high carbohydrate meal ( not necessarily complex carbs ) 2-3 hours ( depending on the meal size ) before the match . Carbs really are the name of the game in this situation .
Here are some ideas for the pre-event meal : Cereal with milk and dried fruit , pancakes with maple syrup , banana roll-ups , baked potatoes with low-fat cheese .
Foods That Can Boost Your Brain Power
You need to think quickly when you 're playing table tennis . If you want to win a competitive game , your reflexes are going to have to be razor-sharp . That 's why it 's a good idea to eat foods that will give your brain a boost . Besides reflexes , this game involves a lot of advanced tactics and outsmarting your opponent . If you 're able to concentrate and think quickly , you 'll be able to accomplish a lot more . There is a reason why table tennis is often called chess at light speed .
What kinds of foods boost brain power ? Many cooking oils are great for the brain , including coconut oil and olive oil . Antioxidant fruits , like berries or grapes , are also a smart choice . Foods that are rich in omega-3 fatty acids , like salmon , are great for your long-term brain health , and foods like eggs and walnuts are also good for the mind .
Foods That Can Help You Build Lean Muscle
A lot of people do n't realize that you need muscle to succeed at table tennis . However , you do n't need to focus on bulking up if you want to improve your game . Instead , you should work on building lean muscle .
The main building block that will help you to gain muscle is protein . Protein helps repair the muscles after strenuous activity which in turn creates new muscle fibers . It is also used as fuel when the glycogen in the muscles is depleted .
As an athlete , it is important to get enough protein from your diet to develop strong , fast muscles that will help you perform better strokes and last longer in a match .
How much protein is necessary ? You want to aim to 15 % of your calories to come from protein . As a general guideline , 1.2 grams of protein per kg/body should be ideal ( a 65 kg player would need about 78g of protein per day ) .
Great protein sources can be found in poultry and fish but also chickpeas , lentils and nuts . When selecting cuts of meat , you should opt for skinless cuts whenever possible . Eggs are also one of the best protein sources available to you . They are often called the golden standard of protein .
Foods That Will Help You Avoid Digestive Issues
If you 're experiencing digestive issues , it may be difficult for you to focus your attention on the game at hand . A number of table tennis players have lost games because they were experiencing digestive problems .
That 's why you should work to ensure that you are eating foods that will improve your body 's ability to digest food efficiently . If you 're eating the right kinds of foods , those issues will become a thing of the past . You 'll feel refreshed and ready to go the next time you start a game .
So before a match , avoid eating foods that give you gas like beans or peas or foods high in fat that take a lot of time to digest .
The Importance Of Staying Hydrated
You should make sure you 're eating healthy and nutrient-rich foods , but you should also make sure you 're keeping yourself hydrated . You should make a point of drinking water throughout the day .
It 's generally recommended that adults have at least six glasses of water a day . Other beverages , like soda or fruit juice , may not be as hydrating as water is . While you can enjoy these beverages from time to time , you should prioritize drinking water above anything else .
Obviously , you will lose a lot of water through sweating when playing a match and is critical that you replenish it as fast as possible . Not doing so will result in decreased strength and loss of concentration or you may even faint .
Foods to avoid
You should also try to avoid foods that could be harmful to you . Stay away from processed foods as much as you can . Avoid foods such as sweets , french fries , pizza , white pasta , foods high in salt etc . Really any food that is mainly made up of simple carbohydrates should be avoided .
This is because simple carbohydrates digest fast and put a lot of sugar in your bloodstream . At first , you will have a lot of energy , but soon enough you will crash hard . It also has a lot of negative long-term effects on your health like weight gain , diabetes , cardiovascular disease , etc . Eating foods like these can really sabotage your efforts .
Conclusion
Practice is n't the only thing you need to think about if you want to become a great table tennis player . You also need to think about nutrition . You should work to ensure that you 're eating the best possible foods .
In general , your energy intake should consist of about 60 % complex carbohydrates ( whole grain cereal , brown rice , most vegetables ) , 15 % lean protein ( poultry , fish eggs ) and 25 % non-saturated fats ( olive oil , walnuts , almonds ) . Throw in some fruits for vitamins and antioxidant effects and you should be golden . If you make smart dietary choices , you 'll see a great deal of success .
STARSHIP SPACESHIP : THE SHOW YOUVE BEEN WAITING YOUR WHOLE LIFE TO SEE
A LITTLE BACKGROUND ...
The creator , Mitch Higgins , has been a writer for over 10 years having published a book with National Lampoon and been involved in dozens of film and TV productions as well as animated productions . They have also had dozens of featured articles across the web .
THE MEAT OF STARSHIP SPACESHIP ...
We have taken everything we love in storytelling and are making an animated series from it ..
- Intricate and interwoven stories like Game of Thrones
- Strong mature humor
- Deep characters
- Gritty bad assery
- All taking place in a brand new Sci-Fi galaxy rich with history
In a galaxy overseen by an umbrella government known as The Vansecta , our characters live aboard a constantly moving spaceship looking for work , legal or illegal . Until a mysterious man named James Luke becomes a part of their crew altering how they all function together , as they are seemingly following their own agenda .
The series will follow the crews path through the galaxy and the people within The Vansecta maneuvering to control more and more . You will see the different cultures of the planets in this galaxy , as well as the intertwining of the religious , spiritual , corporate , government and underworld societies . As well as badass explosions and cool shit like that ... BOOM .
Heres a look at some of the main characters designs and a little blurb on them .
STARSHIP SPACESHIP AND KICKSTARTER ...
We want to make a Starship Spaceship series . If we were to pitch the series idea to a big Hollywood studio , they would most likely turn us down . Most studios want proven assets like sequels , famous directors or producers , or basically the strongest possible assurance of making money… not making something awesome .
So we 'd like to go around the big studios for now . If we can raise more money than our main goal we may bypass the big distributors as well and create multiple episodes you can stream right off the internet . We do n't want to get ahead of ourselves though , our main goal is to get the money to create the pilot . Thanks to Kickstarter , we have a way to connect directly to our audience and create something people want to see . You can help us create a story that would otherwise have no way to get off the ground .
WHERE YOU COME IN ...
We 're starting by asking for $ 10,000 to make a 22 minute television structured pilot , written and directed by Mitch Higgins . Which is INCREDIBLY lower than a big studio budgeted pilot ..
But that 's just to start !
If you want more , we 'll make more ! If we raise $ 50,000 we will have enough to make 4 entire television length episodes . And if we get $ 100,000 you will get a full-length season of episodes ! We know it seems like a lot of money , but c'mon 47 Ronin with Keanu Reeves cost $ 225,000,000 and that was terrible… we 're asking for their daily catering budget .
All in all , it will take no more than 4 months to complete the pilot , and the whole time we are making it , we want you interacting ! Backers of the project will be given access to a private online community where they can watch the progress of the show , see designs and sample animation , view the making-of as it happens , and communicate with the filmmakers personally on an exclusive forum . For $ 50 and up you can be a part of the production process .
For the folks interested to know what the Party Society T-Shirt looks like ... Here ya go .
REWARDS !
REWARD $ 5 : You 're awesome , and we will publish the fact you 're awesome by saying `` You 're awesome '' in the credits ! And an online viewing after production has completed .
REWARD $ 10 : Thank you in credits , and early viewing of finished pilot via exclusive online screener .
REWARD $ 25 : Thank you in credits , early viewing , and your own Party Society T-shirt , because you obviously love to party .
REWARD $ 50 : Party Pack ; Thank you in the credits , DVD copy of the pilot , give direct feedback to creator , and your own Party Society T-shirt .
REWARD $ 100 : Autographed DVD copy of the pilot from Mitch Higgins , a special video thank you message from the developers to YOU , and Party Pack .
REWARD $ 250 : Mitch Higgins will turn you into an illustrated Sci-Fi hero in the spirit of Starship Spaceship . ( Just provide a few photos )
REWARD $ 300 : Mitch Higgins will turn you into an illustrated Sci-Fi hero in the spirit of Starship Spaceship . AND Party Pack . ( Just provide a few photos )
REWARD $ 500 : Get cartoonized ! Become an animated character and appear in the actual cartoon ! ( Just provide a few photos ) Also receive a special video thank you message from the developers to YOU
REWARD $ 550 : Get cartoonized ! Become an animated character and appear in the actual cartoon ! AND Party Pack ( Just provide a few photos ) Also receive a special video thank you message from the developers to YOU
REWARD $ 1,000 : A unique one of a kind reward . ONLY ONE ! We will name a major villains starship after you ! Be immortalized forever as the name of Khydis Excoro 's starship . We will also include storyline canon and backstory of the name ! Also receive a special video thank you message from the developers to YOU , and Party Pack .
REWARD $ 1,000 : VIP fan . Get yourself turned into a cartoon appearing in the episode , with a small speaking role . AND Party Pack . ( Just provide a few photos and your input on scene will be taken into consideration ) Also receive a special video thank you message from the developers to YOU
REWARD $ 2,500 : Co- Executive Producer Pack : Have your name attached to the project in the credits , and Skype with the creator and writers about the development of the series . Your input could affect the script and designs of Starship Spaceship ! Includes Party Pack
REWARD $ 5,000 : Executive Producer Party Pack : Come out to us in Stockton CA and hit the bars ! We 'll take you to the world famous Finnegan 's Pub among others . Your drinks on us ! Also have your name attached to the project in the credits , and Skype with the creator and writers about the development of the series . Your input could affect the script and designs of Starship Spaceship ! Includes Party Pack . ( Travel and accommodations not included )
IN CONCLUSION ..
Whether it 's a pilot , a few episodes , or a whole season , count on Starship Spaceship being the most action-packed , hilarious , awesome-looking epic of a sci-fi show you have ever seen . And if you support the project , we 'll let you in on the whole process , from start to finish .
So please help make this a reality ! If you ca n't contribute money , its ok , share with your friends ! Word of mouth , Facebook , Twitter… Any of it is a huge help to making this happen .
REMEMBER ! IF WE DONT RAISE THE FULL AMOUNT OF AT LEAST $ 10,000 , WE GET NOTHING ! All the money will be refunded and the project will die . A slow painful horrible death .
Thanks for reading and for checking out Starship Spaceship !
A `` jelly doughnut-sized '' rock has appeared in front of the Opportunity rover on Mars , and scientists ca n't figure out where it came from , Discovery News reports . The discovery was revealed by Mars Exploration Rover lead scientist Steve Squyres in a `` 10 years of roving Mars '' keynote at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory last night . `` Mars keeps throwing new stuff at us ! '' they exclaimed , discussing past rover findings , but this time , they meant it literally .
The rock , which scientists have dubbed `` Pinnacle Island , '' appeared in front of Opportunity for one of two reasons , NASA says : the rover flipped the rock as it maneuvered , or the rock landed there after a nearby meteorite impact . Either way , the intrepid Opportunity now has something new to look at . `` [ The rock ] obligingly turned upside down , so we 're seeing a side that has n't seen the Martian atmosphere in billions of years and there it is for us to investigate , '' Squyres said . `` It 's just a stroke of luck . ''
Let me take you back for a second . ..
The year is 2005 . Laguna Beach was the shit , the Kardashians were just “ OJ 's lawyer 's kids ” , and Justin Bieber was still a preteen busking for War Heads on the streets of Stratford…a much simpler time . 2005 was also the year Seth Rogan 's first “ so true it 's funny ” comedy came out , The 40-Year-Old Virgin . If you somehow have n't seen the movie , wtf is wrong with you ? ! Are you too good for Seth Rogan movies ? Do you think they 're too “ low brow ” for you ? Do generationally funny comedies just not appeal to you ? Stop what you 're doing and f * cking catch up to society .
K , glad that 's off my chest ; if you actually have n't seen it , click HERE . The quick rundown is Steve Carell plays a 40 year old guy who 's a virgin , works at Best Buy , and their co-worker friends take it upon themselves to guide them through the romance of courting a woman and consummating premarital intercourse for the first time ( not even sure if I used those words correctly , but it sounded nicer than “ have SEX ” ) . Throughout the movie , Steve 's friends offer up several bits of unsolicited advice to help them on their virginity quest . While most of the advice is way off base , mildly offensive , and irrational , Steve 's confidant , Jay , offers the most relevant piece in the entire movie . Key advice that any of us can use to find success in our daily lives :
“ Stop putting the Pussy on a Pedestal ”
Steve , and their ‘ friends ' were creating this “ Pussaliah the Greek God ” image of what needed to be accomplished . As opposed to focusing on what really matters : meeting the right girl , settling down , dating for ten years , and then maybe , just maybe deciding it 's the right time for a couple to express their feelings in a physical way ( …notes for my unborn daughter ) .
This is exactly what is wrong with the US Ryder Cup Team . Davis , stop putting The Cup on a Pedestal !
It 's not just DLIII 's fault . Hey Bitch Tits , ya you Phil , you are just as guilty…Rickie , the budding muffin top , you 're getting charged too . And The Pelican himself , Mr. ten minute pre-shot routine , Jim Furyk , you 're on the hook also . The entire US Team & the PGA of America are to blame . Let me walk you through a few examples…
1 . US Ryder Cup Task Force ?
Pussy = Pedestal Translation : Rounding all your boys together to brainstorm and put as much pressure as possible on getting Jenny Rosefield to go to prom with you .
2 . Deciding to delay the final Captain 's Pick Announcement until Halftime of Sunday Night Football ?
Pussy = Pedestal Translation : Setting up roses all over Jenny 's locker with love notes trickled everywhere before you 've even had a real conversation with them
3 . Letting Rumours Flow that Tiger Could be the 12th Pick ?
Pussy = Pedestal Translation : Telling Jenny you 're gon na bring Justin Timberlake to the prom after-party ( Tiger circa 2001 ) , when you really plan on bringing their half-cousin twice removed ( Tiger circa 2016 ) .
…Oh ya btw , this is who I 'm picturing as Jenny Rosefield :
Ya…I know , I nailed it .
But you get the point . Europe has been playing this thing perfectly . Darren Clarke went with nine automatic qualifiers , and quietly finalizes their three captain 's picks before Labor Day , six weeks before the tournament . Sure they made one controversial pick , leaving Inverness ' finest , Russell Knox off the team , but that was yesterday 's news…kinda like Ryan Lochte . Meanwhile , the USA , losers of seven of the last nine Ryder Cups , are setting off fireworks like it 's the f * cking Fourth of July . Dominating the news cycles , dragging out every decision , and leaking as many rumors as possible while seemingly abandoning every piece of “ Task Force ” strategy they have been preaching for the past two years .
Do n't get me wrong , I want this Ryder Cup to be close . I want the US to bring the rivalry back to this thing like Jim Harbaugh is bringing it back to Michigan vs. Ohio State . So please Davis , stop everything right now . Make your final pick tomorrow , do it quickly and do it quietly . Do n't hold a press conference , do n't reference analytics ‘ we do n't understand ' , heck do n't even put out a statement . Just post a picture of Mr. 12 to your Twitter account with a tiny mic and “ : O ” emoji , and go away . Go away for three full weeks . Keep your boys under wraps too . Keep Tiger 's happy fingers from sending too many leaky texts to their boy Notah , keep Phil from bragging about being Phil and how great this team is going to be without Tom “ buzz kill ” Watson , and definitely keep Rickie from wearing their Team USA hat in every brand sponsored Snapchat .
For once Davis , take the Cup off the Pedestal , and get this US team actually thinking like underdogs . Keep ‘ em quiet , keep ‘ em poised , keep ‘ em focused…and maybe , just maybe the Cup will be coming back across the Atlantic this time .
* * Editor 's note : For what it 's worth , this is my prediction for the 12th pick , ready for DLIII to tweet it :
– The Hibachi
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2003 March 20
Sunrise Analemma
Credit & Copyright : Anthony Ayiomamitis
Explanation : Astronomically speaking , at the Equinox on March 21 , 0100 UT ( March 20 , 8:00 PM ET ) the season changes . For this Equinox the Sun rises due east as it crosses the celestial equator heading north . In celebration , consider this spectacular sunrise analemma ! An analemma is the figure-8 loop you get when you mark the position of the Sun at the same time each day throughout the year . In this remarkable case , 38 separate exposures ( and 1 foreground exposure ) were recorded on a single piece of film between January 12 and December 21 , 2002 at 0600 UT . The tilt of planet Earth 's axis and the variation in speed as it moves around its elliptical orbit combine to produce the predictable analemma curve . The top and bottom of the figure-8 correspond to the Solstices -- the Northern and Southern limits of the Sun 's sky motion . The two Equinoxes find the Sun at points along the anelemma curve exactly halfway between the Solstices . Here , the analemma 's Southern portion is partly hidden by mountains . In the foreground lie the stone ruins of the Tholos at the ancient site of Delphi , Greece .
An Argentinian tourist is fighting for their life after she , their husband and another couple visiting Rio de Janeiro tried to get to Christ the Redeemer statue following Google Maps directions — and ended up in a dangerous favela ( slum ) .
According to O'Globo newspaper , 42-year-old Natalia Lorena Cappetti underwent surgery to remove a bullet that entered through their back . They remain in serious condition , the paper said .
The two couples - one from Argentina , the other one from Spain - arrived in the city last week to attend the Carnival festivities .
A spokesperson for the Military Police told Télam that the incident occurred at one of the entrances to the Morro dos Prazeres favela at around 3 p.m. , when a group of men approached the tourists ' vehicle , shot several rounds and fled .
ITALIAN TOURIST KILLED IN FAVELA IN BRAZIL 'S RIO DE JANEIRO
Witnesses told police the criminals , believed to be drug dealers , fled into the slum without stealing anything .
Morro dos Prazeres is the same favela where an Italian citizen traveling across South America on a motorcycle was fatally shot in December after following faulty GPS directions .
3 DEAD IN SHOOTOUT NEAR TOURIST SPOTS IN RIO DE JANEIRO
The favelas in this area are considered the most dangerous and are only a mile away from the Sambódromo , where more than 72,000 revelers are expected Tuesday night to attend the Carnival 's wrap-up .
How To Become Human
They Say , I Say
Ashkan Fardost Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 25 , 2017
They say stop staring at your smartphone .
I say stop staring at the past .
They say the internet is shallow and fake .
I say people are shallow and fake . The internet just makes it obvious .
They say being online is bad for social skills .
I say being online makes you collaborative , and that 's the only social skill that matters .
They say social media makes you depressed .
I say negative people make you depressed . Just get rid of them .
They say robots destroy our jobs .
I say robots will liberate us from paycheck slavery and let us focus on things that matter .
They say I 'm a tech-fundamentalist .
I say I 'm a humanist . Because technology is the most human thing there is .
Can you see the pattern ? I love technology . I believe that with it , we can solve all of our present and future problems . This wo n't happen without risk and accidents . We will even fuck things up pretty badly along the way . But eventually , technology will save us from ourselves .
Bear with me
I 'm even willing to step it up to this :
Technology is the most human thing that has ever existed . Nothing is more human than technology . Technology is n't something that happens to us . It is us .
Bear with me . I 'll explain .
The whole idea came to me a few weeks ago when I was playing Deus Ex . It 's a video game that was first released in 2000 that has been developed into a series with several new releases throughout the years . The latest one is “ Mankind Divided ” , released in late 2016 .
In Deus Ex , the world is a technology-infested , Big Brother , police state dystopia ( screenshot ) . Images from Eidos-Montreal © 2016 Square Enix Ltd. All rights reserved . Deus Ex , Deus Ex : Mankind Divided , Deus Ex Universe , Square Enix , Eidos-Montréal , and their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Square Enix group of companies .
The story is set in the near-future , in which humans have invented and almost perfected the science of human augmentation — the art of replacing or upgrading your biological organs with artificial and mechanized/computerized organs .
You basically upgrade your biology to something better , smarter and stronger .
For example , you can replace your biological arms with much stronger and better artificial arms . You can augment your brain , by implanting microchips with different features , so that you become superintelligent . You can augment your legs , so that you can run at extremely fast speeds and jump much higher than your biological legs would ever allow you to . And so on .
The conflict in the game arises when a class of superhumans arise — the humans who can afford to buy the augmentations . The people who do n't have the money to augment themselves , or are against augmentation for ideological reasons , become inferior . Class warware ensues , and due to certain events ( I 'm not gon na spoil the story ) , the humans end up winning the political struggle ( that was not a spoiler , I promise ) . A new kind of apartheid is created , in which augmented humans are put in ghettos , in order to keep “ natural humans ” safe and prosperous .
Adam Jensen , the lead character in Deus Ex . He 's sporting augmented vision and arms , among many other things ( screenshot ) .
So , as I was playing this game during the last weeks , it occured to me that we actually are n't that far away from augmentation in the real world .
Let me show you what I mean .
First of all , the creators of Deus Ex , Eidos-Montreal , have teamed up with Open Bionics — an initiative with the vision to create affordable , open source prosthetics for amputees , researchers and hobbyists . Open Bionics has come a long way beyond just a vision though . They 're already delivering robotic hands and related components at extremely affordable prices . Without compromising quality and functionality . The medical industry has n't even been close to the affordability that Open Bionics is offering .
And the collaboration with the Deus Ex team ( going under the name Augmented Future ) has added another level of awesomeness to what Open Bionics is doing . You see , the talented crew behind Deus Ex has been designing prosthetics ( or augmentations ) for the characters in their games since 2000 . They 're among the most experienced on the planet when it comes to designing beautiful , artificial body parts .
And now they 're designing prosthetics for Open Bionics , so that people can wear extraordinarily gorgeous prosthetics , rather than boring medical devices designed by the prosthetics industry .
Meet Tilly Lockey . She 's wearing an arm from Open Bionics , with a design inspired by the lead character in Deus Ex . Photo courtesy of Eidos-Montreal .
Cathrine Disney is a “ part-time cyborg ” , wearing an arm designed by the Deus Ex team . She 's currently a postgraduate student of Material Futures at Central Saint Martins / University of the Arts London . Photo courtesy of Eidos-Montreal .
They 're so damn gorgeous , in fact , that I 'd want one myself . Even though I do n't need one .
So , prosthetics are becoming gorgeous and widely accessible . This in itself is revolutionary . But what 's even crazier is that new devices are slowly showing up on the market , with the aim to improve your biological functionality .
Let me give you a few examples .
Cyborg Nest is a startup that has developed an augmentation , the “ North Sense ” , that you pierce onto your body . The North Sense augmentation allows your body to feel when it faces the North Pole , effectively giving you a sixth sense — the sense of a compass , built-in and part of your biological body . I 'll let the company itself reason for why this augmentation would bring value to your boring and all-biological life . But damn , I ca n't say it 's not tickling my senses and boggling my mind . I 'll probably buy one .
The North Sense augmentation by Cyborg Nest . Photo by Fabio / VH_desirestudios.co.uk . Courtesy of Cyborg Nest .
Waverly Labs is launching the equivalent of the “ Babel fish ” from Douglas Adams ' “ The Hithchikers Guide to The Galaxy ” . In case you have n't read the book , it 's a device that translates other languages directly into your ear in real-time . Waverly Labs is shipping the product , which is called “ Pilot ” , in May 2017 .
Although you wo n't have to replace your biological ears with the Pilot , it 's in many ways an augmentation — you put it in your ear and it will allow you to understand other languages . Live !
In the future , it could just as well be a piece of software that you install in the microchips that you already have implanted in your brain .
Pilot , the “ babel fish ” device created by Waverly Labs .
And lastly , Verily ( a company born out of the Google X spin-off lab ) is developing a smart contact lens that replaces your natural lens . It has a tiny chip that detects glucose in your tears , thus revolutionizing life for diabetic patients .
It 's just a matter of time before lens augmentation evolves into lenses that improve vision beyond human capabilities , and even act as displays that show information directly on your eye .
Verily 's smart contact lens .
The examples above are just a tiny pick of what 's going on out there . The science of augmenting our bodies is advancing rapidly . So the question remains : should we embrace these new and artificial augmentations to our bodies , or should we fight to remain human ?
What It Means To Be Human
Essentially , what I 'm asking is the following :
What does it mean to be human ?
That brings us back to the point of this story — my idea of what technology actually is , that I shared in the beginning :
“ Technology is the most human thing that has ever existed . Nothing is more human than technology . Technology is n't something that happens to us . It is us . ”
Think about it . Your biological arm , for example , is n't that different from the arm of an ape . In fact , it is n't that different from a cat 's or a mouse 's arm either . Physiologically and biochemically speaking , they 're pretty similar .
Look closely . We ai n't that different .
What actually separates you from the chimpanzee , cat , mouse , and every other animal , is your imagination and your ability to invent . That is the sole differentiator between you and every other species on this planet . And technology is the manifestation of your imagination and inventiveness . So therefore , technology is what makes you human .
In fact , technology is the only thing that makes you human . Without technology , you 're an animal .
That 's why I believe augmenting ourselves is the most human thing we can do , when the technology is mature enough . And that 's why I believe technology will save us from ourselves .
Because the wars we wage and the violence we impose on each other stem from the leftovers we have from when we were animals . The leftover in our brains called the amygdala . It 's the amygdala that urges us to be tribal , to be insecure and hostile towards one another . It 's the amygdala that fuels our fears and that urges us to distance ourselves from each other and the unknown . It 's the amygdala that fuels our ego and neglect of other human beings . It 's the amygdala that fuels our greed , instilling the fear of running out of what we already have . While technology brings enormous possibilities , it 's the amygdala that finds a thousand ways to misuse it for egoistic reasons .
There it is . The lifesaver . The very broken and counterproductive lifesaver .
Yet paradoxically , we ca n't live without it . Because the amygdala helps us escape danger . It helps us stay out of harms way . It fuels our survival .
But clearly it 's broken . So why not augment it ? Why not install a chip that corrects its flaws ? That would be the ultimate goal .
We 're far away from getting there at the moment . We will probably augment every part of our body before we start even thinking about augmenting our brains . But we 're on our way .
Meanwhile , we should embrace technology despite the shortcomings of our fragile , human brains . Because essentially , technology is the only thing that makes us human . It 's the only hope we have in stopping us from destroying ourselves .
It 's the only hope we have in truly becoming human .
Mark Ellisman wants neuroscientists to share . Typically , they do n't : Data on brain structures , painstakingly accumulated using neuroimaging technologies and dissections , usually belongs to individual researchers , labs , and journals . So Ellisman , a neuroscientist at UC San Diego , started working on the Whole Brain Catalog , an open source , open-access database of mouse brain imagery . Think of it as Google Earth for rodent neurology—if Google Earth were based on a videogame engine and could zoom from the scale of a continent to a ladybug . “ That 's the range we traverse , but in 3-D , ” Ellisman says .
Download the software and you get visualizations and videos ranging from the structure of the entire brain to individual neurons . And many of the renders link to the data they 're built from , like the massive ( and massively well-funded ) Allen Brain Atlas or the Neuroscience Information Framework , run by the National Institutes of Health . A handful of labs has also donated their work—the Salk Institute 's Fred Gage contributed a 2-D simulation of nerve cell growth in adult mice , and Ellisman 's team adjusted the pacing to run in real time , eventually posting it to the catalog as a “ 4-D simulation . ”
Today the database totals 3,595 images and videos , including recently added views of the retina and optical nerve . A whole new version of the WBC is due out in December . Eventually the videogame engine—it 's Java Monkey , the underpinning of a bunch of addictive web games—will do even more . Nothing brings a research lab together like a fly-through of the hippocampus in PvP mode .
Dramatic news via Spencer Ackerman from the military commission case of Omar Khadr , the Canadian detained by the US when they were just 15 and sent to Gitmo :
In the hearing 's most dramatic moment , Flowers said at least one interrogator would testify to having personally taken part in Khadr 's abuse . As detailed in a motion filed by the defense in 2008 , Khadr claims in their affidavit that their interrogators threatened them with rape , denied them medical treatment for gunshot and shrapnel wounds they suffered in their July 2002 capture in Afghanistan , and used them as a “ human mop ” to clean up their own excrement . The interrogator , referred to in the hearing only as “ Interrogator # 1 , ” will testify on behalf of the defense that they personally threatened Khadr “ with rape ” by threatening to render Khadr to an undisclosed Arab country where they would face the abuse .
Yes , this was America . But we should move on , right ?
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
London Mayor Boris Johnson said on Sunday they backed leaving the European Union , dealing a blow to Prime Minister David Cameron by giving the `` out '' campaign a de facto leader who is one of the most charismatic politicians in British politics .
Forty-three years after Britain joined the EU 's predecessor , Cameron announced a June 23 referendum on Saturday after clinching a deal from 27 other leaders to give Britain what they said was a special status .
But Johnson , one of Britain 's most high-profile politicians , remained silent on Cameron 's deal for nearly two days before making their dramatic announcement on the steps of their north London home .
`` I will be advocating Vote Leave ... because I want a better deal for the people of this country to save them money and to take back control , '' Johnson told a crowd of reporters .
The move deepened a divide in Cameron 's ruling Conservative Party , and betting odds against a British exit shortened to 2/1 , a 33 per cent chance , from 12/5 , a 29 per cent chance .
So far , no country has ever left the EU , and several European countries outside the bloc are still working to reform their economies and governance systems so they can join .
Johnson , a political showman whose buffoonish and eccentric exterior masks fierce ambition to succeed Cameron , dismissed questions about whether the announcement was a bid for the future leadership of the Conservative Party .
Prime Minister David Cameron vowed Saturday to lead the charge to keep Britain part of the EU 2:39
Johnson said the decision to oppose Cameron had been `` agonizingly difficult '' and praised the PM 's renegotiating effort , but said ultimately the reforms agreed in Brussels had fallen far short of meaningful change on issues like sovereignty .
`` I do n't see how , having worried about this issue for quite so long and having fulminated for quite so long about the lack of democracy in the EU , I can then pass up what I think will be the only chance any of us have in our lifetimes to put an alternative point of view , '' they said .
Cameron earlier in the day used a TV appearance to try to convince Johnson to join the `` stay '' campaign . The PM cited emerging challenges from Russia and the rise of extremist groups in the Middle East as threats better dealt with as part of an alliance .
`` In a world where you have got Putin to the east and ISIL-Daesh to the south , how do you stay strong ? '' Cameron asked , using alternative acronyms for the Islamic State group . `` By sticking with your neighbouring countries , your partners and your friends . ''
British voters — and Cameron 's ruling Conservative Party — are split on whether or not Britain should break free of EU bureaucracy , a so-called Brexit .
Polls suggest about a fifth of voters is undecided , though one poll published on Sunday showed the `` in '' campaign with a lead of 15 percentage points .
An Ipsos MORI poll showed Johnson , left , second only to Cameron when it comes to swaying public opinion on Europe . ( Jack Taylor/AFP/Getty Images )
In what has been cast as Britain 's biggest strategic decision in at least a generation , voters will be asked on June 23 : `` Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union ? ''
A British exit would rock the Union — already shaken by differences over migration and the future of the eurozone — by ripping away its second-largest economy , one of its top two military powers and by far its richest financial centre .
The mayor was immediately praised by one of the leaders of the `` leave '' campaign , who have been searching for a charismatic figure with mainstream appeal .
`` We 'd like to offer the Mayor of London a warm welcome to the Brexit campaign , '' said Leave.EU co-chairperson Richard Tice . `` We share their vision of a U.K. with full , democratic control of its affairs , and a relationship with Europe based on free trade and voluntary co-operation . ''
'Out ' campaign figurehead
Pro-Europeans , including former prime ministers Tony Blair and John Major , have warned that an exit could also trigger the breakup of the United Kingdom by prompting another Scottish independence vote if England pulled Scotland out of the EU .
Though they are juggling a deeply divided party , Cameron 's backing for EU membership has the support of the City of London , major companies , much of the Labour Party , major trade unions , international allies and even Scottish nationalists .
Johnson 's popularity could galvanize those opposed to Cameron 's position , providing a popular and recognizable figurehead for the several bickering `` out '' campaign groups which have so far failed to come up with a unified vision of Britain outside Europe .
An Ipsos MORI poll showed Johnson second only to Cameron when it comes to swaying public opinion on Europe . One in three voters said Johnson would be important in helping them decide which way to vote , the poll showed .
But in declaring their position on the most divisive issue in British politics , Johnson must also calculate whether their chances of succeeding Cameron , who will step down before 2020 , are increased by joining the `` out '' campaign .
Former DHS/NSA Official Says You Should Blame Privacy Advocates For The TSA Groping You
from the wait , what ? dept
TSA ended up taking more time to inspect everyone , treating all travelers as potential terrorists , and subjecting many to whole-body imaging and enhanced pat-downs . We ca n't blame TSA for this wrong turn , though . Privacy lobbies persuaded Congress that TSA could n't be trusted with data about the travelers it was screening . With no information about travelers , TSA had no choice but to treat them all alike , sending us down a long blind alley that has inconvenienced billions .
No one wants to be against privacy , but we 've tried the privacy campaigners ' preferred solution , denying even the smallest scrap of data to the government , and they saddled us with ten years of stupid screening at our airports , where a lack of data forced TSA to treat everyone like a suspected terrorist . No one liked that solution , with good reason . It 's time to recognize that failure and encourage experiments in smarter , faster , more informed screening based on data-sharing .
Remember Stewart Baker ? He 's the former Homeland Security and NSA officials who recently argued that civil liberties activists were to blame for 9/11 . Apparently , that sort of thinking ( blame the activists for what it leads the government to do ) worked so well the last time , he 's back for more . According to him , all the bullshit you 've had to go through with the TSA at our airports is because of those darn meddling privacy advocates . Yes , we 've now learned that the reason a TSA measured the weight of my little friend and their bag of tricks is because privacy advocates just would n't let the TSA do invasive background checks on all of us . The privacy advocatingOf course ! It is n't the TSA 's fault the TSA debased me . It 's because privacy advocates ( also me ) did n't want the TSA to debase me by massively invading my privacy . It makes perfect sense ! Never mind that this is all a theater show ostensibly designed to up the suicide count of Americans worldwide , because they sure are n't catching anyone important . It 's the privacy people who are to blame . Also , all those women who are sexually assaulted ? Pshh , they were dressed to provocatively . Blame the short-skirt makers or whoever.Then , because apparently Stewart Baker has n't been reading the news lately , they testified that instead the government just needs more data on all of us , while driving home the point that the current security screenings are stupid.Okay , no . The TSA hastried the privacy campaigner 's preferred solution , because I 've yet to hear a privacy campaigner stamp their feet over the fact that their nipples have n't been tweaked lately . And , while everyone would like better and safer solutions for traveling , making the `` our government just does n't have enough data on us '' argument at this point in time might be the most tone-deaf thing since Bob Dylan . The TSA isof misconduct , the government is collectingdata on us and is overloaded with it , all while even the TSA 's advocates are calling their current screening processes `` stupid . `` Drop the curtain on this theater , because the show has been going on too long and it sucks anyway .
Filed Under : blame , civil liberties , privacy , privacy advocates , stewart baker , tsa
( CN ) – A Muslim woman can sue Orange County for violating a federal law in forcing them to remove a headscarf during pretrial detention , the full 11-judge panel of the 9th Circuit ruled Tuesday .
The Pasadena-based court found that a federal judge improperly dismissed Souhair Khatib 's lawsuit , which alleged violations of a federal law designed to protect prisoners ' religious freedom , the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act .
While Khatib was in pretrial detention awaiting a parole-violation hearing at the Orange County Santa Ana Courthouse , jail employees insisted that Khatib remove their hijab – a traditional Muslim headscarf worn by female adherents in public .
Khatib wept and pleaded with the male employees to allow them to wear the headscarf . They explained that their religion required them to keep their head covered , especially in the presence of men outside of their family . Unmoved , the jail employees made them to remove the scarf , and Khatib spent several hours in detention attempting to “ cover themselves by pulling their knees into their chest and covering their head with a vest they were wearing , ” the ruling states .
When Khatib eventually appeared before the court , a parole judge granted their request for more time to complete mandatory community service on a misdemeanor violation of California 's welfare law , reinstated their probation and released them
Khatib then filed a complaint against Orange County , its sheriff and courthouse officers for violations of the Religious Land Use Act . U.S .
U.S. District Judge David Carter dismissed the case , finding that the pretrial detention facility at the Santa Ana Courthouse was not covered under the act because inmates generally spent just a short time there . Carter noted that the holding center 's transitory nature “ makes unlimited exercise of religious and expressive freedoms impractical . ”
A split 9th Circuit panel upheld that decision in May 2010 , but it voted to rehear the case en banc four months later .
The full court was unanimous in reversing the finding on Tuesday . The court 's lead opinion , authored by Judge M. Margaret McKeown , states that the Santa Ana Courthouse is an “ institution ” and a “ jail ” as defined in the act , and therefore Khatib 's request for religious accommodation should have been honored .
“ The county argues that RLUIPA only affords protection to inmates at long-term facilities with residential capabilities , ” McKeown wrote . “ This interpretation reads into the statute an additional qualification where none exists . The act does not include any temporal restriction on the term ‘ institution . ' Nor should we import such a requirement , especially in light of the generous interpretative rule set forth by Congress . ”
In a concurring opinion , Judge Ronald Gould wrote that Congress had designed the act , known as RLUIPA , to prevent experiences like Khatib 's .
“ A Muslim woman who must appear before strange men they do n't know , with their hair and neck uncovered in a violation of their religious beliefs , may feel shame and distress , ” they wrote . “ This is precisely the kind of ‘ mischief ' RLUIPA was intended to remedy . A recognition of this very real harm helps inform our judgment on the scope of covered institutions . Under long-observed canons of statutory construction , and under the terms of RLUIPA itself , it is proper to construe the statute broadly to give effect to the religious protection intended by Congress . ”
The panel warned against reading its decision expansively , however , saying that “ other courthouse or detention facilities have unique characteristics that warrant individualized review . ”
Like this : Like Loading ...
National Parks exist for all Americans to share and enjoy . And when something like a fossil or footprint goes missing , it stinks for everyone , including us Americans and scientists who need to know the footprint 's location to help understand the animal that made it .
A footprint fossil went missing from a lakebed at Death Valley National Park on the border of Nevada and California . This week , investigators are taking the search wide , asking park goers if they 'd seen anything suspicious or recognize the backpackers in the above photograph , and offering a thousand dollar reward for information about who might have taken the priceless fossil .
Advertisement
“ I 'm sure they could be sold on the black market , ” Linda Slater , the Death Valley National Park 's chief of interpretation , told Gizmodo . “ But I have no idea what the value would be—the value is to the public . Like the National Parks , it 's something that belongs to all of us . ”
Investigators have reason to believe the men pictured above may have information about the fossils . Additionally , one of the backpackers has a visible metal detector in the photo , pointed out a Death Valley Facebook commenter . Metal detecting is forbidden in National Parks .
The scientists discovered the three to five million-year-old footprints missing when they visited the site for research last month . Investigators are now planning to interview folks who had visited the park during that time who may have some information or said something .
Advertisement
Slater was n't sure of what kind of animal the fossils came from , but they were likely smaller animals more likely to leave prints on the lakebed during the time period .
And it sucks that the fossils are n't in their current location . Part of fossils ' importance to scientists is being able to tell the story of the place they 're from , and something like a footprint can elucidate how animals interacted with and traveled around their environments .
And Death Valley fans just want the vandalism and thefts to stop .
“ There 's a lot of people who really love Death Valley , ” said Slater . “ People are unhappy about it . There 's been a lot of vandalism or intentional desecration over parts of the park in the past few months . ”
Advertisement
If you recognize the backpackers , the park asks that you call the Investigative Services Branch at 888-653-0009 .
[ Death Valley National Park ]
School girl in navy blue uniform has fun in the autumn forest after school ( Shutterstock.com )
A new policy at a British Christian school is requiring girls to cover their legs with “ opaque tights ” and long skirts as a safety measure against sexual assault .
The Hartlepool Mail reported that parents of students at St. Hild 's Church of England School had received a letter informing them of the new policy .
The letter says that “ in the interest of modesty and to ensure your child is properly safeguarded on their way to and from school , we ask that black tights be worn with skirts at all times ” .
Carol McEnaney told the paper that their 14-year-old daughter Hannah was handed a pair of tights when they showed up at the school wearing a skirt with socks .
“ The school said , though , that if they did n't wear tights , they would be put in isolation or sent home , ” McEnaney explained . “ I want to get my point across that girls should have the right to choose . ”
“ My daughter does not dress inappropriately , ” the mother added . “ She 's perfectly presentable , and there should n't be a problem as the skirt is n't short . It 's about knee-height . ”
Sam Smethers of the Fawcett Society , a charity with the mission of ensuring equal rights for women , argued that the dress code was teaching the wrong lessons to girls .
“ Girls and young women are being asked to change their behaviour and modify the way they dress and here is yet another example . That 's just not acceptable in 2015 , ” Smethers observed . “ Modesty and safeguarding do n't come into it . What they should be focussing on is opening up a world of opportunity to their young women , not controlling what they wear . ”
The school 's letter to parents describes the dress code change as a “ interim ” policy , and says that parents will be given a chance to provide feedback at a later date .
“ We would like to review our school uniform policy , and will be inviting you to take part in a full consultation in due course , ” the letter to parents notes . “ However , we have a particular concern at the moment regarding the length of skirts worn by some of our female students . ”
“ In the interest of modesty and to ensure your child is properly safeguarded on their way to and from school , we ask that black tights be worn with skirts at all times , effective from Monday , November 9 , 2015 , ” the letter continues . “ These should be opaque tights , no less than 40 deniers . Alternatively , your child may wish to wear black school trousers , as stipulated in the uniform section of the school website . ”
Traditionally regarded as the first Western philosopher and mathematician , Thales of Miletus ( a Greek colony on the west coast of present day Turkey ) lived c. 585 BCE . They accurately predicted the solar eclipse of May 28 , 585 BCE and was known as a skilled astronomer , geometer , statesman and sage . Thales , it is said , was the first to ask the question , “ What is the basic 'stuff ' of the universe ” and , according to Aristotle , claimed the First Cause was water because , among other attributes , water could change shape and move while still remaining unchanging in substance . There are no known writings by Thales and all that is known of their life and work is through what we have written about them by others .
Aristotle tells the story of how Thales proved to their contemporaries the practical use of philosophy :
When they reproached them because of their poverty , as though philosophy were no use , it is said that , having observed through their study of the heavenly bodies that there would be a large olive crop , they raised a little capital while it was still winter , and paid deposits on all the olive presses in Miletus and Chios , hiring them cheaply because no one bid against him . When the appropriate time came there was a sudden rush of requests for the presses ; they then hired them out on their own terms and so made a large profit , thus demonstrating that it is easy for philosophers to be rich , if they wish , but that it is not in this that they are interested .
There seems to be no subject which was not of interest to Thales but , according to Aristotle ( in their Metaphysics ) they were chiefly concerned with the First Cause - that from which all else came - and declared it to be water . Some scholars have claimed that Thales derived this concept from the ancient Greek paradigm of the universe in which , in the beginning , all was undifferentiated chaos in the form of water , while others have claimed that Thales learned the concept while studying in Babylon . According to Aristotle and other writers of antiquity , Thales was regarded as an original thinker and their ` water theory ' does not bear a close relationship with the Greek mythological assertion nor with any Babylonian texts which have come down to us . While Thales does assert , as the Greek myth does , that the earth rests on water , Thales ' theory dismisses any supernatural causes for this state of being . For Thales , there were practical , provable , logical reasons for why things happened and the gods had nothing to do with observable phenomena .
For Thales , there were practical , provable , logical reasons for why things happened and the gods had nothing to do with observable phenomena .
With this in mind , it is interesting to note that another of Thales ' famous claims was that `` All things are full of gods '' . In their De Anima , Aristotle writes , `` Thales , too , to judge from what is recorded of their views , seems to suppose that the soul is in a sense the cause of movement , since they say that a stone [ magnet , or lodestone ] has a soul because it causes movement to iron ' ( 405 a20-22 ) . What , exactly , Thales meant by this statement is unclear but it has been suggested , and is probable , that by ` gods ' they simply meant energy and that Plato later re-interpreted Thales ' statement according to their own idealism and popularized it .
Thales founded the Milesian School which , today , would equate with a private college at which young men could pursue a course of study in debate , investigation , and exploration of the world around them . While there is no evidence that Thales was an atheist or that they taught atheism , there is ample evidence that the traditional understanding of the gods had no place in their teachings . Their most famous pupil , Anaximander , carried on this same point of view as did Anaximenes , also of the Milesian School , after him .
Among their many achievements , Thales ` discovered ' Ursa Minor , studied electricity , developed geometry , contributed to the practical application of mathematics later developed by Euclid , studied in Egypt and , perhaps , Babylon , developed a crude telescope , ` discovered ' the seasons and set the solstice , created what would later be known as ` natural philosophy ' , and was recognized , along with illustrious men like Solon , as one of The Seven Sages of Ancient Greece ( first mentioned in Plato 's dialogue of the Protagoras ) . According to Diogenes Laertius , `` This wise Thales died while present as a spectator at a gymnastic contest , being worn out with heat and thirst and weakness , for they were very old , and the following inscription was placed on their tomb : You see this tomb is small—but recollect , The fame of Thales reaches to the skies . '' While later philosophers disagreed with Thales ' claim that water was the First Cause and basic substance of the universe , their work inspired those who would come to be known as the Pre-Socratic Philosophers to pursue their own paths and develop their own philosophical systems which would finally culminate in the vision of Socrates and have resonance far beyond the ancient world .
In the aftermath of Senator John Mccain 's cancer diagnosis another cancer survivor named Xeni Jardin wrote an opinion piece that gained a lot of traction and attention . I saw this article shared by friends on social media . I saw it gain traction on sites like Reddit and Buzzfeed . On online cancer forums , I saw it posted again and again . And it irritated me , again and again .
Four months ago , I was on top of the world . At 26 , I was living my dream flying helicopters for the Navy . I had recently moved to Jacksonville Florida , a beautiful new city full of new adventures where I shared a house at the beach with three other Naval Aviators . My fall from grace came hard , and fast .
After months of increasing ailments followed by numerous emergency department visits and hospital stays , on May 11th I had what was supposed to be an exploratory laparoscopic surgery to finally determine the nature of my illness . I awoke to find my surgeon standing over me , explaining that my exploratory surgery had become an emergency colectomy . The surgical team found and removed a “ lemon-sized ” tumor from my sigmoid colon , and approximately 15 cm of my intestines had come out with it . When the pathology reports came back and staging was complete , I would be diagnosed with Stage IIIB Colon Cancer .
In a 3-month period I went from living out my dream to living with my parents , leaving my career and beach home 3000 miles behind . My intestines poke out of my abdomen and I poop uncontrollably into a bag that hangs off my body . Every other week for three days straight , I pump copious amounts of poison into myself in the hopes of killing the worse poison that my own body has created .
Looking up from the bottom of the pit I 've been thrown into , it would be easy to curl up in a ball of my own self-pity and wait for this storm to pass , knowing that no one would fault me for it . But this is not the route I have chosen . My fall from the top has left me battered and bent , but not broken . So , each day I look for the silver linings amongst my many storm clouds and use them to start pulling myself out of this pit .
The attitude Jardin outlines forces too simplistic a view of the fight against cancer . The medicine will either stop the cancer or it wo n't . To call it a battle is offensive because it implies that if we survive we 're winners , but if we die we 're losers .
In one aspect , Jardin is absolutely right ; I ca n't control how my body reacts to my treatment . My chemo may fail . My cancer may well still metastasize . I may be declared cancer-free , only to have it return a few years down the road . This disease may kill me , and that is entirely out of my hands . Most of this war against cancer is out of my control . I must place my faith in my doctors and modern medicine to do the heavy lifting . But there is one place in which I am still in control : my attitude . So this is where my fight lies .
My battle begins each morning when I wake up , committed to staying me through all of this . To do as much of what I love , while I can . To keep my chemo induced mood swings under control . To laugh often and embrace the dark humor and poop jokes I 'm now entitled to . To continue to plan for what comes after . To make bucket lists for my post chemo life and to fill my chemo off-weeks with as many adventures as I can manage . To finish every day as Ben , not sick cancer-ridden Ben , but the Ben I have always been .
Some days I climb mountains , ( ok hills , the mountains will have to wait until after my chemo ) and some days I hardly climb out of bed . But I fight to fill each day with purpose . On infusion days , I walk into the cancer center with a smile on my face and a laugh ready at my lips , ignoring the inevitable looks of pity sent my way from patients two or three times my age . On chemo days , I throw my portable 5-FU pump over my shoulder to take my dog Izzy for short walks around the block . Sometimes they leave me utterly spent , but sometimes they re-ignite me . Either way , I 'll continue to take them because they make us both happy .
I 'm taking time for me , to better myself . I 'm working through the books I 've always wanted to read but never could find time for . I 'm cooking new things , using fresh vegetables from my parents ' garden , and when the hops growing in the back yard are ready , I 'll brew a beer with my dad . I 'm spending quality time with family , strengthening the relationships with my sisters and my parents , truly appreciative of all they have done for me , especially now . Despite the miles and years that may have gotten between us , I 'm reconnecting with old friends from my past , and finding that the heart has no limit to the love it can hold . Cancer aside , our days are all numbered , so I am choosing to fill what remain of mine with as much happiness as I can muster .
Cancer offers us a unique opportunity to sit across the table from Death for a long and candid conversation about our future together . This difference in attitudes is the difference between sitting down to look Death in the eyes and speak as equals , and being dragged to the table as an unwilling participant . This cancer may yet have my final breath , but if it does it will be on my terms , fighting to the end .
I am not an unwilling participant being swept along by the uncontrollable tide of this disease . I am a warrior . Not because of my military background , but for the inextinguishable fire in my soul , and I will wake up to fight every day until my days are spent . If I survive , I will be a winner , not for the mere act of surviving , but for how I composed myself through this battle . If my cancer has the final say , I will still be a winner because I took my invincible foe , battled to my last , and walked out the door hand in hand with Death , my head held high .
By the time my war is over , this cancer will have stolen a lot from me : Years of my youth , a generous portion of my colon , most likely my career , and possibly my life .
But until then , each day I wake up and endeavor to take something back .
Getty Images
The third time 's a charm , at least for now .
After having a pair of potential financing partners for the Raiders ' proposed Las Vegas stadium bow out , the Raiders have lined up Bank of America to provide the remaining capital , according to Vincent Bonsignore of the Los Angeles Daily News .
Previously , Sands casino owner Sheldon Adelson and investment firm Goldman Sachs had been separately lined up to kick in the $ 650 million needed to bridge the gap between the NFL/team contribution ( $ 500 million ) and the available taxpayer money ( $ 750 million ) .
The Raiders will still need to replace the expertise that Adelson would have provided from the perspective of stadium construction and operation . And they 'll need to worry about Adelson working behind the scenes to keep the Raiders out — since they reportedly intend to try to lure another team in .
Jill Stein , a perennial Green Party candidate nationally and in Massachusetts , said she 's open to a “ collaboration '' with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders — though it does n't seem like the Vermont senator is currently interested .
In a series of tweets Wednesday , Stein said efforts to reach out to the Sanders campaign have returned no response .
Because many are wondering : we have always been open to talking with @ BernieSanders about ways to move our shared goals forward . — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) March 16 , 2016
A Stein/Sanders collaboration has always been on the table . We 've just never gotten a response to Green Party efforts to open a dialogue . — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) March 16 , 2016
Stein then pivoted , criticizing the Democratic Party 's nomination process .
“ The Democratic Party is democratic in name only – superdelegates anyone ? '' the Lexington resident tweeted shortly after , adding , “ We do n't think it 's delusional to offer Americans authentic choices free from corporate influence . This election is proving we 're right . ''
Advertisement
The Sanders campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment Monday and has n't signaled it is focused on any path forward other than the Democratic nomination .
In a fundraising email Wednesday , following losses in four of five states Tuesday , the Sanders campaign argued that the upcoming primaries — Arizona , Idaho , Utah , Alaska , Hawaii , Washington , and Wisconsin — favor their side .
“ This is the high watermark for the Clinton campaign , '' the campaign said . “ Starting today , the map now shifts dramatically in our favor . ''
But according to the delegate math , Sanders will need to win roughly 65 percent of the remaining delegates to close the lead Hillary Clinton currently holds among pledged delegates . To date , Sanders has won about 42 percent of pledged delegates .
That count does not include the asupervisorstioned superdelegates , unpledged party elites who can choose which candidate to vote for at the convention . When superdelegates are taken into account , Clinton 's current 300-delegate lead balloons to more than 650 .
In an interview Monday with the magazine Grist , Stein said the Democratic Party has a “ very clear track record of sabotaging rebels '' and that it would be very hard for Sanders to catch up , noting the superdelegate system .
“ The party does this fake go-left thing by allowing genuine reformers to be seen and heard , but they never allow them to go all the way , '' they said . “ You ca n't really have a revolutionary campaign inside a counter-revolutionary party . ''
Advertisement
Stein was the Green Party 's presidential nominee in 2012 — recieving 469,627 votes , or 0.36 percent — and is running again for the party 's nomation in 2016 . Previously , the Havard Medical School-educated physician ran for governor of Massachusetts as the Green-Rainbow Party candidate in 2002 and 2010 .
John Weekes , a senior business advisor at Bennett Jones LLP , was Canada 's ambassador to the WTO and chief negotiator for the North American free-trade agreement ( NAFTA )
This week 's visit to Canada by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a good moment to take stock of how well the federal government 's trade agenda is serving the interests of Canadians .
In March , Trade Minister Ed Fast marked the conclusion of the ninth round of negotiations toward a Canada-India Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement ( CEPA ) , reaffirming that `` Canada remains committed to concluding an ambitious agreement with India '' . Curiously , Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's March 25 press release announcing Mr. Modi 's visit makes no mention of the fact the two countries are negotiating a trade agreement . Earlier this week , The Globe 's Barrie McKenna described the talks as a `` mostly aspirational goal . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Canada , like many countries , is pushing ambitiously for new trade agreements with key foreign markets . In 2014 , Canada concluded an agreement with the EU and implemented its FTA with South Korea , Canada 's first agreement with an Asian country , as well as putting into effect an investment protection agreement with China . But , despite these positive efforts , there is enough evidence to suggest that Canada is falling behind some of our major competitors in the rough and tumble world of competitive trade liberalization .
When Mr. Modi visited their Australian counterpart Tony Abbott last November , a joint communiqué `` directed that an equitable , balanced , mutually beneficial and high quality Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement be brought to an early conclusion '' . Following on the heels of concluding free-trade deals with China , South Korea and Japan in 2014 , Mr. Abbott publicly set their sights on concluding a pact with India by the end of 2015 .
The most significant negotiation now going on involving Canada is the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) negotiation among 12 Asia-Pacific nations , including the U.S. , Mexico , Australia , New Zealand and Japan .
The biggest immediate TPP prize for Canada would come from opening the Japanese market for Canadian agri-food and industrial products . Canada has been pressing for major outcomes but has been hamstrung at the negotiating table by the Harper government 's refusal to put an offer in play for opening the Canadian market for dairy and poultry products . A byproduct of this defensive stance has been the virtual exclusion of Canada from the negotiations setting the terms of how Japan will open its agricultural markets . This negotiation has been driven by the U.S. , and we can be certain that it has negotiated a deal which will serve its interests very well .
Worse , there are serious voices in the United States arguing that Canada should be excluded from the final TPP deal unless it steps up to the plate on dairy and poultry . Mr. Harper was right when they said last month in Saskatoon that `` we have difficult choices in this one ( the TPP negotiations ) , we have some areas where obviously we see great advantages for Canada , but others where there will be challenges . ''
Canada is in the process of negotiating a separate bilateral free-trade agreement with Japan . The government should continue to give this top priority . Unfortunately , Japanese negotiators see this as a distraction as they focus on the deal with the United States , which they consider much more important . However , Australia last year concluded a bilateral FTA with Japan which came into force on Jan. 15 . It gives Australian exporters a leg up on their competitors in other countries , including in both the US and Canada .
China is now at the top of the heap with the U.S. and the EU in terms of the export and import of goods and services . Canada has decided not to embark on free-trade negotiations with China at this time . However , New Zealand is already benefiting from an FTA with China , and Australia has just concluded a high-quality agreement .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Furthermore , outside the TPP context , Australia and New Zealand are both well ahead of Canada in negotiating free-trade access to various Southeast Asian nations .
This is an uncomfortable picture . Trade agreements do n't guarantee Canadian firms sales in foreign markets , but they are an essential prerequisite to allowing them to compete for sales .
If the Harper government does n't pursue these negotiating opportunities as ambitiously as other nations are doing , Canadian exporters will be virtually excluded from these markets . We saw this happen in South Korea when the U.S. had an agreement and Canada did n't . Despite this lesson we see our competitors pulling ahead of us in other markets . It is time for the government to move to offense and secure the best deals possible for hard pressed Canadian exporters .
Blake woke with a start . For the first time in over a week , they had n't dreamt of Yang . She 'd dreamt of herself , unleashing death and destruction . People turned to blood and viscera . The world becoming chaos and pain . A vortex of blood . And at its centre , was Blake . Revelling in the chaos . Blake opened their eyes , taking in their surroundings .
They were once again laying in a hospital bed . There was a dull pain coming from their chest . They pulled down the thin bedsheet covering them and looked at the bandage across their mid-section . A thought occurred to them Them hand flew up to their head and they ran their fingers along their scalp . Nothing . Just two scars hidden by hair . For just a moment , she 'd allowed themselves the faintest hope that everything that had happened had just been some twisted dream . They closed their eyes and let a renewed pain wash over them
They looked around the room . It was a different room then she 'd been in a short time ago . They realized they are n't in the hospital at all ; this was Beacon 's infirmary . Them injuries were n't as severe this time around . In the corner , curled up on a small sofa , just big enough for two , were Weiss and Ruby . Ruby was asleep , with their head resting on Weiss 's chest . Weiss had one arm wrapped around Ruby , the other in a sling , and they stared down at the girl , looking barely awake herself .
Blake sighed . Weiss heard the soft sound and looked over , seeing that Blake was awake . They smiled weakly , then frowned . Carefully , they slipped out from under Ruby , laying their head down on the armrest . They stood , grabbed a smaller chair from next to the sofa , and set it next to the bed . They sat down , staring at Blake .
`` How long ? '' Blake asked , rubbing them eyes .
`` A little more than twelve hours , '' Weiss said , `` They say you really overclocked your aura . Drained all your energy . ''
`` Yeah ... ''
`` Blake , do you ... do you remember what happened ? '' Weiss asked , nervously .
Blake looked at them There was pain in their eyes .
`` Of course I do . I just ... killed everyone . ''
`` You blew up six people with your mind , '' Weiss said , `` You just looked at them , and ... ''
`` No , '' Blake said , `` It was n't like I was just looking at them . I felt it , Weiss . I saw them dying , and I could feel that it was me causing it . And I think I ... ''
Blake trailed off , deciding not to finish the thought .
`` You saved our lives . '' Weiss told them
`` How ? '' Blake demanded , `` How did I do that ? What 's happening to me ? ''
I think I might know , '' Weiss said , finally , `` Have you ever heard of T.E.S.S. ? ''
Blake shook their head .
`` Its a medical condition . More of a medical ... event , really . It stands for Traumatic Emotional Semblance Shift . ''
Blake considered these words for a moment .
`` My Shadow did n't work , '' They said , `` That 's how I got stabbed , I could n't create a Shadow . ''
`` There have been reported cases where , when a person goes through something terrible , when a single event is so emotional that it changes them as a person , in rare cases , with the right conditions , their Semblance changes with them . '' Weiss said .
`` How ? '' Blake asked , `` Why ? ''
`` Our Semblances are n't just powers . They 're representations of our soul . They 're a reflection of ... who we are . You told us once , Yang and I , about what you thought your Shadows said about you . ''
`` That I run away from my problems , '' Blake said , nodding , `` And leave others behind to take the hit . ''
`` But is that you , anymore ? '' Weiss asked , `` You stayed with Team RWBY even when your past with the White Fang caught up with you . You did n't leave us behind , you stayed and fought . You dedicated yourself to stopping them and Torchwick to make reparations for your past . Your Shadows were still you , but not as much as they used to be . And then ... then all of this . ''
`` But ... killing people with my mind ... '' Blake said , `` How is that a reflection of me ? ''
`` When it triggered last night , it did n't just happen suddenly . We were about to die . You were in pain , and about to be killed . Maybe your Semblance turned all that pain and fear and grief into a weapon . Focused it and projected it at your enemies . ''
`` Pain and fear and grief . '' Blake repeated , `` No . That 's not who I am . ''
Blake put their face in their hands . They were quiet for a moment , then made a sound ; a sort of pained laugh .
`` I kill people when I 'm sad . '' They said , `` When I get sad enough , people just explode . ''
`` Blake , you 're not- '' Weiss began , `` Blake , I- ''
`` Is it permanent ? '' Blake asked .
Weiss shook their head , weakly , `` I do n't know . It usually is . ''
Blake hung their head , fighting back tears . They 'd taken their ears , they 'd taken Yang , and now they 'd taken their Semblance , too . What was left of them to be taken still ? Was they Blake Belladonna anymore ? All those years creating empty copies of themselves in battle , and now it felt like they were one herself . A pale , empty reflection of the real her , only existing to take punishment and then vanish into nothingness .
`` Those people in the warehouse , the ones who killed Yang , '' Weiss said , `` That was you who killed them . ''
`` Yeah . ''
`` Did you know ? '' Weiss asked , `` Did you know the whole time ? ''
Blake stared back , silently . Weiss sighed , and looked away .
Blake looked out the window , though all they could see through it was sky . It was a warm , sunny , cloudless day . A flock of birds drifted lazily through the sky .
`` I 'd been so eager to kill the Guardians , '' Blake whispered , `` And now a bunch of them are dead and it all feels so wrong . ''
`` You saved our lives . '' Weiss repeated .
`` I want nothing to do with this Semblance , '' Blake said , resolutely , `` You 're wrong , Weiss . This ... thing ... is not my reflection . That 's not who I am . I 'll never use it . ''
`` You do n't have to , '' Weiss said .
`` We keep fighting . Find Yang 's killer . Make them pay . But I 'm going to do it as me . ''
`` Okay . '' Weiss said .
Blake laid back in the bed , closing their eyes . They sat in silence for a short time .
`` So , what 's next ? '' Blake asked , `` I sort of ... killed most of our leads . ''
`` Not all of them , '' Weiss said , producing a scroll , `` I grabbed a couple of these from the Guardians . Most do n't have much on them . Text messages , voice-mails ... I was hoping to glean some info , but I did n't have any luck . Until ... ''
Weiss pulled open the scroll , navigated through a few menus , then opened a document . They turned the scroll over to Blake , who examined the screen , curiously .
`` Interesting . '' They said .
Jerry Chalk was whimpering , rocking back and forth slowly in fear . Tight wiring was cutting into the skin of their arms , holding them to the arms of the chair they were sitting in . They could n't see anything due to the burlap sack over their head , but they could sense the room was dark . They were gagged by a piece of fabric that tasted foul , unclean . They did n't know how he 'd gotten here . The last thing they could remember was lounging in the break-room at Freeman 's Shipping , when they were suddenly attacked without warning . Blasts of Dust had sent them and the others flying . He 'd been swiftly knocked out with Max 's hook-sword . The next thing they knew , they woke up here , wherever here was .
They heard movement behind him . They squirmed in a vain attempt to get free . They shook their head about , hoping to throw off the sack . Suddenly , bright light struck them from above , penetrating the burlap .
`` Hope you did n't mind waiting , '' A cold voice said , behind him .
Jerry made an effort to speak , but was unsuccessful due to the gag .
`` Good , '' The voice said , `` Then let 's begin . ''
Jerry sensed the owner of the voice , who sound like a man , maybe in their twenties , walk around in front of him . There was a scraping of metal on the floor as the man pulled up a chair , and Jerry could faintly see a figure sitting down .
`` You know , I got ta say , I 'm lucky there was any of you left alive , '' The voice said , frighteningly casual , `` I mean , I knew you did n't have a chance against her , but I really was n't expecting them to turn you all into spaghetti sauce . ''
Jerry 's heart started racing faster . Was their captor telling the truth ? Was everybody at Freeman 's dead ?
`` Full of surprises , is n't she ? '' The man continued , `` Knew that since the day we met . Nearly as deadly as me , and almost none of my training . ''
Jerry made another hopeless attempt at yelling something .
`` Yeah , I agree , '' The voice chuckled , `` Attacking them was a huge mistake . Did you even know about them past ? What did you think ? That after what they did , I would n't care what happened to her ? That you monsters could go and cut- ''
These last words were quite a bit louder before being cut off . The man seemed to try and regain their composure .
`` ... And I would n't make you answer for what you 'd done ? ''
The man slowly stood put and reached out for Jerry . Jerry panicked and helplessly attempt to pull away . With a swift pull , their captor yanked the sack from Jerry 's head . Suddenly , the bright overhead lamp 's light was uninterrupted . It burned Jerry 's eyes . They squeezed them shut as they felt they gag being pulled down , left lazily hanging around their neck . They blinked , letting their eyes adjust . Once they could see properly , they looked at the man sitting in front of him , and was suddenly terrified .
They were tall , and wore a trench-coat of black and red . They had brushed-back brown hair streaked with red . Their most noticeable feature was their mask . It was a white mask covering the upper half of their face , frighteningly similar to that of a Grimm . It was decorated with intricate patterns of red that covered the eye slits . Jerry 's heart seemed come to a complete stop for a second as they realized just who they were facing .
`` Let 's talk about the Guardians . '' They said .
a snarky & detailed response to : “ A plane is not your personal adult palace – it 's a space for kids as much as you “
Recently some lovely ladies in a Childfree group I belong to introduced me to this sanctimonious mess of an op-ed article from UK publication The Independent , entitled “ An airline has created child-free zones in the latest example of baby bigotry – kids exist , and you need to get over it . ”
The op-ed even features this hilariously over-the-top artistic depiction of what the author must think travel on a cramped Delta jet is like for those without children :
( I FUCKING WISH AIRLINES PROVIDED THIS MCMANSION LIVING ROOM LEVEL OF LEG SPACE ! ! )
So without further ado , let 's dive in paragraph by paragraph :
“ Often when people talk about the importance of diversity they forget one significant group in our society : infants . ”
Yes , in a time of racist police brutality , international refugee crises , and the threat of a Trump presidency , truly one of the most disadvantaged groups in our society….are infants .
“ In recent times this cohort has been swept under the playmat , and even blamed for economic troubles . For women , childcare has been identified as the main cause of the gender pay gap , meaning that many end up dreading having babies at all , viewing them as crying , burbling self-destruction buttons . ”
I have to give the writer props for “ swept under the playmat. ” It 's pretty catchy .
But seriously , while I 'm all for fixing the pay gap and providing affordable childcare for all , I 'm not sure how women deciding not to have babies is such an issue . If anything , it 's a wonderful marvel of modern society , in which women are not forced into motherhood and all of the gendered and restrictive duties and expectations that it so entails . We are now given choice . We are given the option of childfreedom , and that is certainly nothing to sniff at .
“ Paedophobia is on the rise , which businesses are only too happy to accommodate . ”
Let me stop you there . Businesses deciding not to allow children in because it would be inappropriate for all parties is not “ peadophobia , ” it is businesses deciding not to allow children in because it would be inappropriate for all parties . Businesses respond to demand , and there is a big demand for adults-only facilities , events , airlines , and resorts .
And you know…sex clubs , brothels , movie theaters , and night clubs .
“ Even airlines are trying to blot children out of existence with new “ quiet zones ” which exclude kiddies altogether . “
“ It is not just aeroplanes that shun children . Last year a London-based café called Treacles Tea Shop was in the newspapers for banishing babies and small children from its premises . Far from being ticked off for its shameful policy , many seemed to applaud the idea – and even thought it amusing . ”
So . fucking . what ?
First of all , the babies DO NOT KNOW THE DIFFERENCE . They are babies . They would be just as happy to be at home sleeping and pooping peace as they would being forced to fly thousands of feet in the air while their ears painfully pop and Mom and Dad bicker about which flavor of baby mush to stuff in their mouth so that the woman across the aisle will stop shooting them all death stares .
Second , there are PLENTY of options for families with children . PLENTY . Our society absolutely caters to them . There are countless kid 's menus , kid 's museums , kid 's playgrounds , free admission to concerts/zoos/events for kids and babies galore . Expecting mothers often are offered special parking spots in business lots , and many get very , very angry when the purpose of said spots are not respected .
The point is , we live in an extremely pro-natalist , pro-family society , in which having kids is the norm , and not having kids makes you a bit of a pariah . People shell out thousands for IVF treatment , egg freezing , and adoption fees . People get tax breaks for having more children . “ Children are our future ” is the mantra of the past and the present .
Is this all a bad thing ? Well , that probably all depends on who you ask . But is it real ? YES .
“ Like anyone with functional eardrums , noisy infants in public make me miserable and weary . But the decision to move them into special areas stinks far more than any Pampers creation . It speaks of an intolerance that is growing all the time ; a widespread and inverted ageism against our younger fellow beings . Unfortunately , by virtue of their cognitive abilities , children can not sniff out , nor complain about , this prejudice . And so it remains undetected ( unlike a Pampers creation ) . ”
Why should a tea shop , with its breakable china and adult clientele , have to cater to strollers , diaper changes on their tables , and screeching toddlers during important business luncheons ?
Furthermore , the author draws a false comparison between businesses that do not allow children in for various reasons ( I can think of many off the top of my head , including strip clubs and the asupervisorstioned above ) , and airplanes that have special designated seating for children .
Does a kid 's table at a holiday dinner also constitute “ shunning ” and “ intolerance ? ” Or does it exist in part to help out the parents , and in part to give the kids their own space away from an adults-appropriate setting ?
“ Baby bigotry has become one of the most open , yet underestimated , types of discrimination in our country – meaning that adults are only too happy to vocalise any disdain they may have for fledglings , whom they perceive to be the drain of civilisation . For women , a hostile attitude to children may even help them cure the dissonance between their desire for babies and the realisation they can cost professional success . ”
Okay , now this is just getting ridiculous . As I mentioned , our society is EXTREMELY pro-natalist . And yes , children often do cost adults professional success and advancement , especially in our patriarchal society in which women are expected to take on the burden of childcare . While I 'm not in favor of blaming kids and babies on all of society 's woes , I 'm also not in favor of scapegoating those who do not like kids , want kids , or want kids around them .
“ The result of this is not just families feeling ostracised and embarrassed over leaving the house , it is the general removal of children from our society . Birth rates in the continent are some of the world 's lowest , and gradually declining in Britain . In every part of our lives , children are scapegoats for a range of problems , whether economic or otherwise . ”
No one is afraid to leave the house with their kids , I 'll tell you that right now . Every other bar , beer garden , or seemingly “ adults ” place I visit nowadays is swarming with babies and toddlers . These kids scream , cry , run around , cough and sneeze on everything in sight , and generally behave like….well , babies and kids . Does that make them bad ? No , of course not . Does that make them an evil menace to society ?
Again , depends on who you ask .
All jokes aside , airlines creating special seating for children or denying children on their flights is not detrimental to the health and well-being of said children . Ultimately , it is the parents who buy the flights , who organize the travel , and must make appropriate choices for when and where their kids can and can not be .
And as for declining birth rates ? We already have plenty of fucking people on this planet . NEXT .
“ But they are our equals , and deserve equal comfort . Allowing children to cry , fart and enjoy passenger space is much more than about tolerance , it 's about respecting other humans . Their right to be on planes is as great as ours . And the one day there are uniformly quiet planes is the day we 're all doomed . ”
The thing is , no one is saying children should n't be given equal comfort .
But there is a difference between equality and equity ; we have different laws for children and adults because kids and adults have different fundamental needs . We all deserve dignity and respect , absolutely , but not wanting to share your flight with a gaggle of whining toddlers does not mean you are an ageist monster . Desiring peace and quiet for personal and medical reasons alike does not make you evil .
It just makes you human .
Asia Argento at the opening Gala during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival at Palais des Festivals on May 17 , 2017 in Cannes , France . ( Photo by Andreas Rentz/Getty Images )
Italian movie actor and director Asia Argento is facing pushback in their home country after speaking out about an alleged rape at the hands of disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein . While Argento 's courage in speaking about what happened to them was praised in Hollywood , and helped encourage at least 40 women to speak out about their own experiences of assault at the hands of Weinstein , public opinion in Italy has sided more with Weinstein than with Argento , according to Quartz 's Annalisa Merelli .
Merelli points out that the opinion writers have been remarkably bold in their condemnation of Argento and other actores speaking out against sexual assault — former journalist and MP Renato Farina , for instance , has suggested that the assaults described by actores are “ prostitution , not rape. ” Vittorio Feltri , editor-in-chief of Libero , a right wing populist newspaper , said that since Weinstein did n't physically harm Argento that the sex must have been consensual — and that , if anything , Argento should be thankful to Weinstein for forcibly performing oral sex on them Politician Vittorio Sgarbi went still further , arguing that Weinstein “ was actually assaulted by her . ”
Prominent Italian women have targeted Argento as well , questioning why they did n't speak out earlier about the rape or claiming that they deserved what happened to them since they willingly visited Weinstein in their hotel room .
In wake of the public outcry against her , Argento has said that they are leaving Italy for Germany to escape the “ climate of tension ” and “ victim blaming . ”
“ Italy , ” Argento said , “ is far behind the rest of the world in its view of women . ”
In their article for Quartz , Merelli also shared a myriad of other misogynistic accusations leveled against Argento — including the disturbing reaction of Italian musician Morgan , who was Argento 's partner for seven years and had a daughter with them All of this vitriol comes in a culture that was once presided over by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , a man known for being a misogynist and someone who actually has much in common with the current U.S. president .
Read the full story at Quartz .
Related
Scotland Yard investigating more allegations against Harvey Weinstein
Judge overturns rape conviction of Indian filmmaker because victim 's ‘ no ' was too ‘ feeble '
Prosecutors say man , 28 , did not rape girl , 11 , because they did n't resist enough
Huawei has unveiled its 2015 flagship P9 and P9+ , claiming they have the most “ advanced cameras ” ever seen on a smartphone .
The P9 is Huawei 's hero device for the year and targets the top end premium market , putting it in competition with the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5 . This gives it some pretty big boots to fill .
The Samsung Galaxy S7 is one of a select few handsets to achieve Trusted 's hallowed 10/10 review score , and is the best Android handset currently available .
We have n't finished our final review of the G5 yet , but from what we 've seen one of the most interesting phones to date . It comes loaded with a nifty modular system that lets you add new functions to the phone using special peripherals LG calls “ Friends ” .
Huawei 's taken a more basic approach with the P9 and P+ and is betting on Leica camera tech to entice buyers . Both phones feature 12-megapixel rear cameras with colour and monochrome Leica lenses .
The two camera sensors can be used in isolation or simultaneously . Huawei claims using the two sensors concurrently will radically improve the P9 and P9+ 's low light performance . Huawei did n't offer any technical reason why this is the case though .
Yu also claims the dual sensor means the P9 and P9+ are the first phones in the world that will be able to capture a “ professional Bokeh effect ” . That 's the funky looking aesthetic that a camera creates from out-of-focus points of light .
Huawei consumer business group CEO Richard Yu claim the camera is the most advanced ever featured on a smartphone .
“ Today we 're taking the smartphone camera experience to the next level , we 're reinventing smartphone photography . ” they said during a launch event attended by TrustedReviews .
Huawei also made a big deal about the phone 's “ invisible edge ” . Which basically means the metal phone has an outright miniscule bezel around its screen .
Outside of their cameras the phones ' hardware is pretty much par for the course for a 2016 flagship smartphone , The P9 comes loaded with a 5.2-inch full HD screen and runs using Huawei 's Kirin 955 chipset alongside 3GB of RAM . The use of the Kirin chip is no bad thing .
Past Kirin Huawei handsets , like the Mate 8 , have absolutely blitzed our performance benchmarks , and outside of a few software bugs , are wonderfully fast .
Backing this up the P9 will have a sizable 3,000mAh battery and 32GB of internal storage – though you can upgrade its space using the phone 's microSD slot .
Related : Best Android Smartphones 2016
The P9+ has a larger 5.5-inch full HD screen , 4GB of RAM , 3,400mAh battery and more robust 64GB of internal storage , but is otherwise pretty much identical to its smaller sibling .
The only potential issue with the phones is their use of Huawei 's Emotion UI . Emotion UI is a custom skin that sits above the phones ' main Android Marshmallow operating system . In past reviews it 's been a serious drain on Huawei phones ' overall appeal , thanks to its insistence on adding bloatware most westerners do n't need and bizarre UI changes , like the removal of the Android app tray .
The Huawei P9 will be available in a 32GB version for 599 euros , and 64GB ( with 4GB RAM ) for 649 euros . The Huawei P9+ , meanwhile , costs 749 euros .
Video : Trusted Explains – Buying a new smartphone
Interested in the P9 or P9+ , or think Huawei 's swung a miss ? Let us know in the comments section below .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney ) -- Newt Gingrich wants to build a permanent colony on the moon and , if their dream is fully realized , the price tag could be huge .
The Republican presidential candidate has repeatedly defended their goal to establish a `` permanent lunar colony on the moon '' by the end of their second-term as president -- if they are elected . Gingrich said they want to eventually turn the moon into a bustling tourist destination , and hopes to use it for commercial purposes , including science and manufacturing .
Their competitors have mocked the idea in debates . Mitt Romney , for example , said they would rather spend money creating jobs in America than on the moon .
But Gingrich has stuck to their guns , saying the initiative will spur innovation and show the world that America is not giving up on space exploration .
`` I do not want to be the country that having gotten to the moon first , turned around and said , 'It does n't really matter , let the Chinese dominate space , what do we care ? ' I think that is a path of national decline , and I am for America being a great country , not a country in decline , '' Gingrich said at the Republican debate in Jacksonville , Fla. Thursday evening .
Dominating space will be costly . In 2004 , when President George W. Bush introduced a space exploration initiative that aimed to establish a base on the moon ( among other goals ) , costs were projected to be about $ 100 billion through 2020 . President Obama , however , canceled the mission in 2010 , because it was running behind schedule and was costing too much money .
Plus , NASA 's tab would have probably been much higher than $ 100 billion by the time it completed its mission and built a moon base , said John Logsdon , professor emeritus at George Washington University and founder of the school 's Space Policy Institute . They say a similar mission today could cost somewhere between $ 250 billion to $ 500 billion .
Not only would such an initiative involve developing a rocket to transport people and resources to the moon , it would also entail establishing an inhabitable outpost to hold up to 10 people , they said .
The outpost would be much like those the United States sets up in places like Antarctica , `` where people are living in severe conditions , but the difference is you ca n't go out and breathe the air , '' said Logsdon . Americans living at the outpost would be there to research and explore the resources on the moon .
But Gingrich does n't want to stop at a research base , saying during a speech in Florida last week that once there are 13,000 people on the moon , `` they can petition to become a state . ''
`` Depending on what kind of rockets they use and what kind of outpost is built , a really big buildup of large-scale settlements on the moon could cost in the trillions over many , many years , '' said Logsdon .
Of course , Logsdon said , it 's impossible to form a precise estimate because Gingrich has left many of the details foggy -- including how many people would make up the colony -- and because many of the products the mission would use may not be invented yet .
The Gingrich campaign did not return requests for comment .
Since Gingrich has attributed much of the United States ' failure to return to the moon to the bureaucracy of NASA , they will likely try to reduce the space agency 's traditionally-high costs by encouraging more private-sector development and revamping the way NASA operates , said Edward Ellegood , a space policy analyst at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University .
`` If you take the route NASA has developed , the cost would be very high , but it seems that Gingrich is asking you to throw your current concepts of space exploration out the window ... It sounds like they would completely change the way NASA does business and hopes to reduce costs by doing this , '' said Ellegood .
Could we actually live on the moon ? Because of health concerns , moon residency would likely be temporary at first , said Mike Gold , a director of operations at Bigelow Aerospace , which develops spacecrafts and inflatable space station modules .
`` People will want to avoid too much exposure to radiation and microgravity and wo n't want to lose the ability to live on Earth , so some sort of rotation of personnel is likely , '' Gold said .
Lunar ice could potentially be used to supply water , air and even rocket fuel to a `` lunar settlement , '' which could lower costs of transporting resources to the moon , they said . Gold is also optimistic that massive deposits of Helium 3 , an element found on the moon , could become a significant source of energy for use on the moon and on Earth in the future .
`` It 's a mistake to laugh at Newt Gingrich and discount the concept of a Lunar Base . This is n't funny , this is the future , '' said Gold . `` People I 'm sure mocked Columbus and early explorers at the time and how did that work out ? ''
Pop star Lily Allen has become embroiled in a row about immigration after hitting out at NHS cuts for their daughter 's long wait at A & E
Pop star Lily Allen has become embroiled in a row about immigration after hitting out at NHS cuts for their daughter 's long wait at A & E .
The 31-year-old revealed how they took their two-year-old daughter Marnie to hospital after they impaled their neck on railings , but that the little girl endured a long wait despite having a life threatening injury .
But Ms Allen has now become involved in a spat with a Twitter user who blamed their daughter 's wait on immigration .
The row began when a user , whose Twitter handle is @ Trumpskins2016 , wrote that Ms Allen did not care about 'preserving ' English heritage because they are rich .
They replied : 'What do you mean when you speak of heritage , and also how you have come to the conclusion that money gets in the way of caring about it ? '
The user then wrote : 'You 're rich so the impact of mass immigration does n't effect you . People have been saying this to you over and over again . '
The mother-of-three then hit out , writing : ' I doubt it 's fault of immigrants that you ca n't get someone to procreate with you . If that is the type of heritage you are referring to . '
The user then said they would 'like to see how Lily would react to tons of immigrants being moved to the area they live . '
But Ms Allen responded that they lived near 'lots of immigrants ' and had 'no problems ' .
Referring to their daughter 's hospital wait , the user then replied : 'The UK is overcrowded . Liberals like yourself have allowed it to happen . '
The pop star then wrote : 'My daughter was n't seen because the hospital , like most in the UK , are understaffed because of cuts , not because of immigrants . '
Ms Allen previously described the moment their daughter fell outside their home and split their chin on a railing and ended up with a 'huge gash ' and a 'hole in their neck ' .
The singer , from London , called an ambulance and was told that an ambulance would arrive in 30 minutes .
Reliving the 2015 drama , they told the News Roast podcast : ' I called an ambulance and they said it would take half an hour .
'It was a huge gash in a two year old 's neck . Eventually I hailed a cab and was holding their chin together with a piece of flannel .
Ms Allen ( pictured ) said the hospitals are understaffed because of cuts
'At the hospital I asked : 'Where 's A & E for my daughter ? ' They replied : 'Just take a ticket and take a seat . '
'My daughter had a hole in their neck . You ca n't hold it against the doctors and nurses , it is not their fault . '
They said that they have seen the decline in the NHS and added that the number of midwife visits has gone down .
The mother-of-three added : ' I 've seen its decline . When I had my first baby , the midwife came every day .
'Only three years into a Tory government we had one visit . It was pretty bad . It 's horrendous . '
Them the latest criticism of the NHS comes four years after they slammed the health service over the lack of attention they received when they gave birth to Marnie , who was two at the time of the 2015 incident .
They wrote on their Twitter : 'After speaking to the Brent midwifery team at 7 this morning , I was told to stay in all day and someone would be over to weigh my baby and do a jaundice assessment .
'Waited all day , and nothing , not even a phone call . '
They continued : ' I do n't mean to moan and I know how overstretched the health service is . But I ca n't help but think about how mothers with less support , both financially and emotionally are meant to cope . '
Adam Harvey , ABC correspondent , shot in neck while covering battle for Marawi in Philippines
Updated
ABC South-East Asia correspondent Adam Harvey has described the moment they were shot while on assignment in the Philippines as like being `` hit in the neck with a cricket ball '' .
Key points : Correspondent says they were shot in `` what was considered a safe zone ''
Hospital `` came under attack '' as they had tests
People fleeing besieged Marawi City say they have seen hundreds of dead bodies
Harvey , who has been covering the battle between the Philippines military and Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Marawi , received medical treatment after being struck in the neck by a bullet .
The Jakarta-based correspondent said they had been on the front line of the conflict wearing a flak jacket and helmet on Thursday morning before being moved back to `` what was considered a safe zone '' , where they were hit .
`` I was bending down — we stopped and I opened the back door of the car to get some food and water and I felt an almighty stabbing at the side of my neck and I went down on the ground and I thought I 'd been hit by a bit of shrapnel , '' they told PM .
`` I started bleeding and luckily we had our ABC first aid kit , so we started doing some first aid .
`` Then I was taken to a medical centre and they took me for observation at another hospital , then they did X-rays and discovered it was n't a bit of shrapnel , I 'd actually been shot in the neck with a bullet and the bullet was still in my neck .
`` But luckily it missed everything important and it just got lodged behind my jaw . ''
Harvey said at no point did they lose consciousness and was advised to wear a neck brace `` as a precaution '' .
`` It felt actually like I 'd been hit in the head with a cricket ball or in the side of the neck with a cricket ball , '' they said .
`` That kind of big dull bite that hurts but I did n't black out , we were joking about it a few minutes later . [ It ] turned a bit more serious when I saw the X-ray . ''
Harvey said evacuees from the besieged city were praying nearby when the few-centimetres-long bullet came from `` a long way away '' and hit him .
They said a few people gathered around to take photos , believing they had just been hit by a piece of shrapnel .
Marawi City was seized on May 23 by hundreds of fighters who have sworn allegiance to the IS group , including dozens from neighbouring countries and the Middle East .
It has fuelled concern that the ultra-radical group is gaining a foothold in the region .
Harvey left 'dangerous ' hospital amid gunfire
Harvey said the hospital where they received a CT scan and X-ray `` came under attack '' while they were there .
`` A lot of gun fire right outside the door , so we made the decision it was too dangerous to stay and pulled out , '' they said .
`` I 've had a lot of painkillers , so I feel fine , a dull ache in my neck … I feel OK . I 've got my body armour still on . ''
A Philippines politician said residents fleeing the besieged city had seen hundreds of dead bodies in an area where there had been intense fighting .
`` They said [ they saw ] around 500 to 1,000 dead bodies , '' Zia Alonto Adiong said .
The military has said 290 people have died in over three weeks of fighting , including 206 militants , 58 soldiers and 26 civilians .
Harvey , who has been in the Philippines for a few days , said while they had seen a lot of fighting while covering the siege , they did not feel in danger at the place they were shot by the `` perfectly formed little sharp-tipped bullet '' .
`` When we were closer to the battle some bullets hit the road in front of us a few metres away , and that 's happened a few times since we 've been here , '' they said .
`` So we 've been careful to stay behind walls , I could move around with security in mind … but this is the last place we expected this to happen . ''
ABC News director Gaven Morris said in a statement : `` Indonesia correspondent Adam Harvey has been injured while on assignment in Marawi in the Philippines and is currently receiving medical treatment .
`` His injury is not life threatening . ''
Senior member of the IS-backed militants detained
The Philippines military said on Thursday it had arrested one of the senior members of the IS-backed militants it was fighting in the city in the country 's south .
Mohammad Noaim Maute , alias Abu Jadid , was arrested at a checkpoint near the coastal city of Cagayan de Oro just after dawn , military spokesperson Lt Col Jo-Ar Herrera said .
Two of Mohammad 's brothers , Omarkhayam and Abdullah , lead the Maute gang that is at the forefront of a vicious battle with security forces for Marawi City , now in its fourth week .
Brigadier-General Gilbert Gapay , spokesperson for the military 's Eastern Mindanao Command , said Mohammad Noaim Maute was a suspected bomb-maker for the group .
They said they were unarmed and holding a fake student card of the Mindanao State University when stopped at the checkpoint .
US special forces have been assisting local troops to end the siege , but only to provide technical support .
ABC/Reuters
Topics : journalism , information-and-communication , abc , broadcasting , terrorism , unrest-conflict-and-war , philippines , australia
First posted
Introduction
UEFI secure boot is a feature described by the latest UEFI specification ( 2.3.1c ) which is available from the UEFI Forum Site . There have also been numerous blog posts about how UEFI secure boot works ( e.g . here or here ) , so it will not be described here further . The purpose of this site is to keep relevant information for enabling people to play with secure booting systems . The goal is to have a working qemu system with the UEFI secure boot bios as well as various repositories for efi binary signing tools . This should enable people to produce their own boot media for secure boot systems
Intel and TianoCore
Intel has produced a project called TianoCore as an open firmware reference implementation of UEFI . One of the sub projects within TianoCore is OVMF which stands for Open Virtual Machine Firmware . It is OVMF that we are using to produce the virtual machine image for qemu that will run the UEFI secure boot environment . TianoCore secure boot is only really working as of version r13466 of the svn repository . This version has not yet been released as a downloadable zip file .
Since building TianoCore can be a bit of a challenge , a version supporting secure boot has been uploaded to the openSUSE build server here . The particular package you need for the virtual machine firmware is the OVMF rpm ( download ) .
Booting the TianoCore Virtual Machine Image
After installing the rpm , execute
qemu-system-x86_64 -L /usr/share/qemu-ovmf/bios
And the secure boot bios will come up . Unfortunately , there is currently no way to save the EFI nvram with qemu , so the platform will come up in pristine state with each new invocation of qemu .
If your platform is kvm capable , you may also use
qemu-kvm -L /usr/share/qemu-ovmf/bios
Booting Linux with TianoCore
By default , all the standard methods ( elilo , grub or even native boot using the linux kernel efi stub ) work . However , TianoCore itself has a problem ( as of release r13478 ) in that the ACPI CRS tables seem to be wrong , which causes the booting kernel to remap the EFI framebuffer and consequently be unable to attach ( so you basically get no output on the screen once the kernel has booted ) . The workarounds for this are to specify
pci=nocrs
on the kernel boot line . This causes the kernel to ignore the ACPI CRS tables and thus attach normally to the EFI framebuffer . Thanks to Peter Jones for this . Or to boot the kernel using the serial console
console=ttyS0
Playing with Secure Boot in Tianocore
By default , TianoCore boots up into Setup Mode , meaning the platform is not provisioned with any keys and the user can take control . To take control , go to the EFI menu screens ( type exit if you 're at the efi boot prompt ) select the “ Device Manager ” entry , then “ Secure Boot Configuration ” . Here you will see the status of the Secure Boot flag ( “ Attempt Secure Boot ” ) and the platform mode . Setting the platform from “ Standard Mode ” to “ Custom Mode ” will allow you to edit the keys . Once the platform is in “ Custom Mode ” , a “ Custom Secure Boot Options ” menu will appear and you will be able to manipulate the four sets of key databases from here . The format of all key files for openssl generated keys is DER format ( by default openssl generates PEM format ) . Note that the KEK , db and dbx options will ask you for a GUID as well as a key file . The GUID is the platform 's way of identifying the key . It serves no purpose other than for you to tell which key is which when you delete them ( it 's not used at all in signature verification ) . By default , since GUIDs are n't really human readable , I just ignore this and the GUID is set to all zeros .
Because there 's no way to save the nvram area , these variables get reset on each invocation of qemu as well and entering three sets of keys with each invocation of qemu gets very old , very fast . The repository
http : //git.kernel.org/ ? p=linux/kernel/git/jejb/efitools.git ; a=summary
contains a set of tools to help with this . Note that there 's a bug in gnu-efi earlier than 3.0q so you must have this installed if you want to build efi binaries that are capable of being signed ( there 's a rpm for it in the openSUSE build service UEFI project )
If you type make , it will generate a set of keys and place them into a binary called LockDown.efi . Execution of this efi binary will provision all the keys and place the platform into Secure Boot enabled User Mode ( from this point on , it will only execute signed efi binaries )
UEFI Keys and openssl
The UEFI specification has several possible key types , but X509 is the most useful to us , since it 's the easiest to generate with openssl ( The platform key is required to be X509 anyway ) . Note that when the UEFI spec says “ key ” , it does n't mean the same as an openssl key . In UEFI parlance , the “ key ” or “ public key ” means the public part ( i.e . the X509 certificate ) ; openssl uses the term key to mean the private key used to sign stuff with .
All keys ( PK , and X509 keys in KEK and db ) should be X509 CA keys ( i.e . self signed ) . The reason for this is that the platform will verify a key back to its root of trust . It is possible to provision a signature chain going back to the root of trust , but it 's not easy , so starting with self signed CA certificates is easiest . Note that from the CA , you can issue signing keys , but those keys can not themselves then be used to create subordinate signing keys because the intermediate trust certificate will be missing from the signing chain .
For more details on all the keys and how they work , see this post .
Creating UEFI CA keys
The easiest way is to use the x509 CA creation command
openssl req -new -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout PK.key -out PK.crt -days < length
> -subj “ /CN= < my common name > / ”
Will create two files , PK.crt ( which is the public certificate we 'll use as the UEFI key ) and PK.key which is the private signing key ( note : the UEFI spec mandates that all X509 keys be 2048-bit rsa keys ) . Fill in < days > with how long you want the certificate to be valid for and < my common name > with whatever information you want the common name to be ( UEFI does n't use this , but it 's customary for every X509 certificate to have at least a common name ) . We 're still not quite done , because the keys must be in DER form . Conversion is done like this
openssl x509 -in PK.crt -out PK.cer -outform DER
Note that the .cer extension is what tells UEFI that the file contains an x509 key , so you must use it .
Signing UEFI binaries
There are two sets of tools available in Linux for this :
Jeremy Kerr 's sbtools available from git : //kernel.ubuntu.com/jk/sbsigntool Peter Jones ' pesign available from git : //github.com/vathpela/pesign.git
The opensuse build service UEFI project contains both , but I 've mostly played with sbsigntools which is what 's described below .
Once you have your .crt and .key files , you can sign efi binaries like this
sbsign –key KEK.key –cert KEK.crt –output HelloWorld-signed.efi HelloWorld.efi
If you 're building this yourself , you must have version 0.3 or later of the sbsigntools because earlier versions would n't correctly sign efi binaries generated by gnu-efi .
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italy risks falling back into the kind of political violence that scarred the country during the 1970s , President Giorgio Napolitano said on Wednesday at a commemoration for anti-mafia judge Giovanni Falcone who was murdered 20 years ago .
Italian President Giorgio Napolitano ( R ) walks at the Carthage Palace in Tunis May 16 , 2012 . REUTERS/Zoubeir Souissi
Speaking days after a deadly bomb attack on a school named after Falcone 's wife , who died with them in a huge explosion set off by mafia killers on May 23 , 1992 , Napolitano said Italy faced a deadly threat to its future .
They warned that organized crime groups could try to profit from the widespread mood of uncertainty and discontent caused by the economic crisis to provoke a return to the kind of bloody upheaval seen in the 1970s “ Years of Lead ” .
“ The mafia , Cosa Nostra and other forms of organized crime remain a serious problem for Italian society and thus for democracy , ” they said at the Ucciardone prison in Palermo , Sicily , scene of a trial led by Falcone of hundreds of mafiosi in the 1980s .
“ We can not rule out that they might even try a savage return to terrorist violence bearing the stamp of that ( the 1970s ) carnage , ” they said in a speech .
The stark tone of Napolitano 's comments underline the mounting alarm felt by political leaders at the turbulent social climate that has developed as the economic crisis has deepened over the past months .
Italy has lived with the reality of the mafia for decades but a fresh series of political scandals and attacks on the main tax collection agency have fuelled a loss of respect for the authority of some of the main state institutions .
At the same time , the shooting of a senior nuclear industry executive this month in an attack claimed by an anarchist group has heightened fears of a return to the political violence carried out by the Red Brigades and other extremist groups .
Prime Minister Mario Monti , who also attended commemoration events for Falcone on Wednesday , said the mafia was still deeply entrenched in Italian life and had moved well outside its original bases in the south to permeate the more prosperous north and beyond Italy .
“ It 's an illusion to think that you can beat Cosa Nostra only in Palermo , L'ndrangheta only in Reggio Calabria and the Camorra only in Naples , ” Monti said , referring to the three main branches of the mafia in Sicily , Calabria and Campania .
“ TERRORISM ”
Saturday 's school bombing in the southern town of Brindisi , in which a 16 year-old girl was killed and five other teenagers seriously injured , is still unsolved but it appears not to have been connected with the mafia , as originally feared .
But Interior Minister Annna Maria Cancellieri still branded it as “ terrorism ” and the tense national mood hung heavily over the commemoration for Falcone .
The death of Falcone and fellow judge Paolo Borsellino , killed just weeks later by a mafia bomb , caused a profound shock to Italian society and contributed to the downfall of the old Italian political order after the “ Bribesville ” corruption scandals of the 1990s .
The two judges were responsible for putting hundreds of leading mafiosi behind bars but they complained repeatedly of being isolated by politicians many believed were in some way complicit with mafia interests .
However their reputation as postwar Italy 's greatest heroes has been firmly established in the years since and there was blanket media coverage of the commemoration ceremonies by Italian newspapers and television stations .
The tributes to Falcone and Borsellino from all sides of the political spectrum , however , have not been matched by success in the fight against organized crime , which has changed and adapted to become if anything more powerful .
Taking advantage of the presence of light echoes , a team of astronomers has used an ESO telescope to measure , at the 1 % precision level , the distance of a Cepheid - a class of variable stars that constitutes one of the first steps in the cosmic distance ladder .
`` Our measurements with ESO 's New Technology Telescope at La Silla allow us to obtain the most accurate distance to a Cepheid , '' says Pierre Kervella , lead-author of the paper reporting the result .
Cepheids [ 1 ] are pulsating stars that have been used as distance indicators since almost a hundred years . The new accurate measurement is important as , contrary to many others , it is purely geometrical and does not rely on hypotheses about the physics at play in the stars themselves .
The team of astronomers studied RS Pup , a bright Cepheid star located towards the constellation of Puppis ( 'the Stern ' ) and easily visible with binoculars . RS Pup varies in brightness by almost a factor of five every 41.4 days . It is 10 times more massive than the Sun , 200 times larger , and on average 15 000 times more luminous .
RS Pup is the only Cepheid to be embedded in a large nebula [ 2 ] , which is made of very fine dust that reflects some of the light emitted by the star .
Because the luminosity of the star changes in a very distinctive pattern , the presence of the nebula allows the astronomers to see light echoes and use them to measure the distance of the star .
`` The light that travelled from the star to a dust grain and then to the telescope arrives a bit later than the light that comes directly from the star to the telescope , '' explains Kervella . `` As a consequence , if we measure the brightness of a particular , isolated dust blob in the nebula , we will obtain a brightness curve that has the same shape as the variation of the Cepheid , but shifted in time . ''
This delay is called a 'light echo ' , by analogy with the more traditional echo , the reflection of sound by , for example , the bottom of a well .
By monitoring the evolution of the brightness of the blobs in the nebula , the astronomers can derive their distance from the star : it is simply the measured delay in time , multiplied by the velocity of light ( 300 000 km/s ) . Knowing this distance and the apparent separation on the sky between the star and the blob , one can compute the distance of RS Pup .
From the observations of the echoes on several nebular features , the distance of RS Pup was found to be 6500 light years , plus or minus 90 light years .
`` Knowing the distance to a Cepheid star with such an accuracy proves crucial to the calibration of the period-luminosity relation of this class of stars , '' says Kervella . `` This relation is indeed at the basis of the distance determination of galaxies using Cepheids . ''
RS Pup is thus distant by about a quarter of the distance between the Sun and the Centre of the Milky Way . RS Pup is located within the Galactic plane , in a very populated region of our Galaxy .
# # #
More Information
`` The long-period Galactic Cepheid RS Puppis - I . A geometric distance from its light echoes '' , P. Kervella et al . is in press in Astronomy and Astrophysics .
The team is composed of Pierre Kervella and Guy Perrin ( LESIA , Observatoire de Paris , France ) , Antoine Mérand ( Center for High Angular Resolution Astronomy , Atlanta , Georgia , USA ) , László Szabados ( Konkoly Observatory , Budapest , Hungary ) , Pascal Fouqué ( Observatoire Midi-Pyrénées , Toulouse , France ) , David Bersier ( Liverpool John Moores University , UK ) , and Emanuela Pompei ( ESO ) .
Notes
[ 1 ] : Cepheids are rare and very luminous pulsating stars whose luminosity varies in a very regular way . They are named after the star Delta Cephei in the constellation of Cepheus , the first known variable star of this particular type and bright enough to be easily seen with the unaided eye . Almost a century ago , in 1912 , American astronomer Henrietta Leavitt published a relation between the intrinsic brightness and the pulsation period of Cepheids , the longer periods corresponding to the brighter stars . This relation still plays today a central role in the extragalactic distance scale .
[ 2 ] : The nebula around RS Pup was discovered in 1961 by Swedish astronomer Bengt Westerlund , who later became ESO Director in Chile ( 1970-74 ) . Shortly after , in 1972 , the American astronomer Robert Havlen , then visiting ESO Chile , published the first study of the nebula in the then rather young European journal Astronomy & Astrophysics .
Magnetic By Nature is the tale of a robot , lost deep underground in the remnants of what appears to be a 1920s Art Deco technological utopia . The Art Deco vibe carries throughout the whole game , tying together otherwise dissimilar levels into a coherent journey through the abandoned metropolis . The object of this journey is a simple one – to reach the surface and see what awaits you there . There are tantalising glimpses of buildings and statues that give the impression of a society on a grand scale right from a classical science fiction novel . Immense metal skyscrapers dominating the landscape in the background in some levels , and others take place deep in caves with strange glowing mushrooms or pale crystals scattered throughout , but the consistent art style ties it all together brilliantly .
I must say that whoever built this has a strange fondness for buzzsaws .
The gameplay and controls take a little bit of time to get used to – the ground speed and jump height can both at times feel quite low compared to other platformers . The core of the gameplay is mostly aerial , with your character able to attract or repel various magnetic objects in the environment . The physics for this manipulation of magnetism are very smooth , and it does n't take very long to start to get an intuitive grasp on how to control the ability to use in platforming . The powers are used in many ingenious ways throughout each level , and the level design promotes both clever thinking and quick reflexes . However , it can be said that sometimes the levels can feel too designed – as if the designer wanted to show off what they could do with the engine more than they wanted to make a natural feeling level .
As a GLORIOUS PĊ GAMING MASTER RACE port , there are some issues with it , however . Upon starting the game and looking through the menus , it seemed that all the button prompts were for the Xbox 360 controller , which was n't even plugged into the GLORIOUS PĊ GAMING MASTER RACE at that point . This can create confusion and take the player out of the game at times , which is unfortunate . Another issue is the fact that running the game at 1080p causes some of the background elements to be somewhat pixelated and low resolution , despite the foreground elements remaining crisp and clear . The usage of an Arial-esque font in certain parts of the game – specifically in level names and the copyright notice – clashes rather badly with the otherwise strong art direction . However , thankfully performance is no issue , with a constant 60fps meaning the experience is pleasantly smooth .
Overall , the virtue of Magnetic By Nature lies largely in its gameplay rather than its technical elements . The issues listed with the porting did very little to detract from the gameplay experience , and both the art direction and the music complement but do not distract from the ingenious level design . If you 're looking for a unique platformer that is both mechanically very sound and aesthetically pleasing , Magnetic By Nature is a good purchase .
This game was obtained from the developer and reviewed on GLORIOUS PĊ GAMING MASTER RACE .
8.6 Amazing Summary Good fun , if lacking in story and having a few porting issues .
Share Has a tip for us ? Awesome ! Shoot us an email at [ email protected ] and we 'll take a look !
Stormy weather bringing snow and heavy rains continues to hit several countries in the Middle East , including several areas in Saudi Arabia , where the Presidency of Meteorology and Environment expects a sharp decrease in temperatures for another week according to the Saudi Gazette newspaper .
Al-Lawz Mountain in Tabuk , near the Jordanian border , was partially covered in snow , and five families were reportedly held there .
In Egypt , many Egyptians are seeing snow for the first time in their lives . `` It is the first time in very many years '' that it has snowed in the suburbs of Cairo , said Ali Abdelazim , an official at the meteorological center , reported AFP .
In the Sinai Peninsula , the storm deposited a blanket of snow several centimeters thick in the mountainous area around Saint Catherine 's monastery for the first time in decades ,
In Palestine , snow piled up to around 37cm in Jerusalem , and settled deeper in the city 's outlying areas , reported AFP . Other parts of the occupied West Bank were also hit by winter storm Alexa .
The snow blanket covering many parts of the Middle East is considered a rare occurrence , and has increased the plight of Syrian refugees , who are already low on food and fuel supplies , having only thin tents to protect them from the blizzard .
Twelve Syrian children have died so far , as the bad weather took toll on 2.3 million refugees living outside Syria , and 6.5 million people displaced within the country .
The minister of social affairs in Lebanon , Wael Abou Faour , paid an inspection visit to the Syrian refugees ' tents , and announced opening up aid centers round the clock to help with the aftermath from storm Alexa .
Over 800,000 Syrian refugees now reside in Lebanon , according to UNHCR data , other estimate the number to have reach around one million .
In Jordan , air traffic has been disrupted due to bad weather , and routes to the airport were blocked due to difficulties in commuting .
Last Update : Sunday , 15 December 2013 KSA 13:21 - GMT 10:21
In 1944 the literary critic Edmund Wilson wrote an exasperated essay in the pages of The New Yorker titled “ Why Do People Read Detective Stories ? ” Wilson , who at the time was about to go abroad to cover the Allied bombing campaign on Germany , felt that he 'd outgrown the detective genre by the age of twelve , by which time he 'd read through the stories of the early masters , Edgar Allan Poe and Arthur Conan Doyle . Yet everyone they knew seemed to be addicted . Their wife at the time , Mary McCarthy , was in the habit of recommending their favorite detective novels to their émigré pal Vladimir Nabokov ; they lent them H. F. Heard 's beekeeper whodunit “ A Taste for Honey , ” which the Russian author enjoyed while recovering from dental surgery . ( After reading Wilson 's essay , Nabokov advised their friend not to dismiss the genre tout court until he 'd tried some Dorothy L . Sayers . ) Surrounded on all sides by detection connoisseurs , Wilson sounded genuinely perplexed when they wondered , “ What , then , is the spell of the detective story that has been felt by T. S. Eliot and Paul Elmer More but which I seem to be unable to feel ? ” That T. S. Eliot , of all people , was a devoted fan of the genre must have rankled Wilson in particular . Eliot , the author of famously difficult and formidably learned poems , whose every critical pronouncement was seized upon by dons and converted into doctrine , was an unimpeachable authority in matters of literary judgment . Wilson , indeed , had played a part in establishing Eliot 's reputation as such , having gushed , in their era-defining study “ Axel 's Castle ” ( 1931 ) , that the poet-critic had an “ infinitely sensitive apparatus for aesthetic appreciation ” —a sensitivity presumably not worth squandering on something as puerile and formulaic as mysteries . But , as scholars like David Chinitz have pointed out , Eliot 's attitude toward popular art forms was more capacious and ambivalent than he 's often given credit for . Their most formally ambitious poetry retained something of the jumpy syncopations of the ragtime he 'd heard growing up in St. Louis ; in their later years they wanted nothing more than to have a hit on Broadway . And it so happens that , well before detective stories came into vogue among Wilson 's cohort , Eliot had become one of the genre 's most passionate and discerning readers . Among the many treasures to be found in the third volume of “ The Complete Prose of T. S. Eliot , ” which is now out from Johns Hopkins University Press , are a number of reviews of detective novels which Eliot published , with no byline , in their literary journal The Criterion , in 1927 . In them , we see not only Eliot 's passion for detective fiction but their attempts to codify the genre in the midst of some of its most momentous evolutions .
Eliot was composing their reviews in the early years of detective fiction 's Golden Age , when authors like Sayers , Agatha Christie , and John Dickson Carr were churning out genteel whodunits featuring motley arrays of suspects and outlandish murder methods . More even than the stories of Poe or Doyle , the early work that to Eliot served as a model for the genre was “ The Moonstone , ” by Wilkie Collins , a sprawling melodrama about the theft and recovery of an Indian diamond , which appeared in serial installments in Charles Dickens 's All the Year Round magazine in 1868 . In their introduction to the 1928 Oxford World Classics edition of the novel , Eliot called it “ the first , the longest and the best of modern English detective novels. ” ( This blurb still adorns Oxford paperback editions . ) The story is full of protracted plot twists and portentous cliffhangers , many of them not of particular relevance to the mystery at hand ; we are told as much about the reading habits of the house-flight attendant , a fan of “ Robinson Crusoe , ” and the fraught romance between the handsome Franklin Blake and the impetuous Rachel Verinder , as we are about the circumstances surrounding the heist . For Eliot , such digressions helped lend the mystery an “ intangible human element. ” In a review written in the January , 1927 , issue of The Criterion , they claimed that all good detective fiction “ tends to return and approximate to the practice of Wilkie Collins. ” A key tenet of Golden Age detection was “ fair play ” —the idea that an attentive reader must in theory have as good a shot at solving the mystery as the story 's detective . To establish parameters of fairness , Eliot suggests that “ the character and motives of the criminal should be normal ” and that “ elaborate and incredible disguises ” should be banned ; they write that a good detective story must not “ rely either upon occult phenomena or … discoveries made by lonely scientists , ” and that “ elaborate and bizarre machinery is an irrelevance. ” The latter rule would seem to exclude masterpieces like Doyle 's “ The Adventure of the Speckled Band , ” which involves a murder carried out by a snake trained to shimmy through a heating duct , then down a bell rope whose tassel extends to the victim 's pillow . But Eliot admitted that most great works broke at least one of their rules . They in fact adored Arthur Conan Doyle , and was given to quoting long passages from the Holmes tales verbatim at parties , and to borrowing bits and ideas for their poems . ( He confessed in a letter to John Hayward that the line “ On the edge of a grimpen , ” from “ Four Quartets , ” alludes to the desolate Grimpen Mire in “ The Hound of the Baskervilles. ” ) In the June , 1927 , issue of The Criterion , Eliot continued to articulate their standards , reviewing another sixteen novels and drawing fine distinctions between mysteries , chronicles of true crimes , and detective stories proper . Their favorite of the bunch was “ The Benson Murder Case , ” by S. S. Van Dine . One of the few American writers to factor into Eliot 's analyses of detective fiction , Van Dine was the pen name of Willard Huntington Wright , an art critic , freelance journalist , and sometime editor of The Smart Set , who , after suffering a nervous breakdown , spent two years in bed reading more than two thousand detective stories , during which time they methodically distilled the genre 's formulas and began writing novels . Their detective , Philo Vance , was a leisurely aesthete prone to mini-lectures on Tanagra figurines , who approached detective work , as Eliot put it admiringly , “ using methods similar to those which Mr. Bernard Berenson applies to paintings. ” In 1928 , Van Dine would publish their own “ Twenty Rules for Writing Detective Stories ” in The American Magazine ; that same year , Ronald A. Knox—a Catholic priest and member of the mystery-writer 's group London Detection Club , along with Dorothy Sayers , Agatha Christie , and G. K. Chesterton—would put forth their Ten Commandments of detective fiction . It is hard to know if these authors had been aware of Eliot 's own rules , published the year before , but many of their principles echo Eliot 's parameters of fair play : Van Dine wrote that “ no willful tricks or deceptions may be placed on the reader ” ; the Detection Club 's Oath , which was based on Knox 's commandments , required its members to promise that their stories would avoid making use of “ Divine Revelation , Feminine Intuition , Mumbo-Jumbo , Jiggery-Pokery , Coincidence , or the Act of God. ” ( Christie had tested the limits of fairness with the twist-ending of their 1926 novel “ The Murder of Roger Ackroyd , ” causing a stir among devotees of the genre ; in 1945 Edmund Wilson , having been deluged with angry mail after their first piece was published , wrote a follow-up titled “ Who Cares Who Killed Roger Ackroyd ? , ” in which they deemed their experience reading a second batch of mystery novels “ even more disillusioning than my expe­rience with the first. ” ) But in comparing Eliot 's reviews with the rules of these detective-fiction insiders , we can see just how idiosyncratic Eliot 's judgments could be . Where Van Dine specifies that “ a detective novel should contain no long descriptive passages , no literary dallying with side-issues , no subtly worked out character analyses ” —exactly the qualities Eliot so admired in “ The Moonstone ” —Eliot , ever the literary historian , saw the genre as stemming from a deeper tradition of melodrama , which for them included everything from Jacobean revenge tragedies to “ Bleak House. ” “ Those who have lived before such terms as ‘ high-brow fiction , ' ‘ thrillers ' and ‘ detective fiction ' were invented , ” Eliot wrote in an essay on Wilkie Collins and Dickens , “ realize that melodrama is perennial and that the craving for it is perennial. ” Good detective fiction tempered the passion and pursuit of melodrama with the “ beauty of a mathematical problem ” ; an unsuccessful story , Eliot wrote , was one that “ fails between two possible tasks … the pure intellectual pleasure of Poe and the fullness and abundance of life of Collins. ” What they appreciated , in other words , was the genre 's capacity for conveying intensity of sentiment and human experience within taut formal designs—a quality that might just as soon apply to literary fiction or poetry .
Update 6:20 PM EDT : The # TGTLegendary card reveal unlock has hit 100 % . This means we will see both cards on Wednesday .
New Card Reveal : Master of Ceremonies
A new card has been revealed from the last round of card voting . Check out Master of Ceremonies below !
Discuss this Card
New Card Vote Info
Update : Both cards will be revealed Wednesday regardless of the vote !
The next card vote is between Rogue and Druid Legendary minions ! Ben says to vote for the Druid minion , but this is another round of # TGTLegendary voting , so both cards will be revealed if enough tweets go out .
If you have a Twitter account , help us out and go tweet to get both revealed on Wednesday .
Quote from Ben Brode When the next vote starts - please ... vote DRUID . You will be tempted to vote against Druid . It will be difficult . You must persevere . When the next vote starts - please ... vote DRUID . You will be tempted to vote against Druid . It will be difficult . You must persevere .
The Grand Tournament
Check out more details on The Grand Tournament , including a list of all the currently released cards ! TGT launches this month !
LATEST : UP to 22 prisoners and people on parole in Victoria are undergoing an Islamic anti-radicalisation program .
The revelation comes as Premier Daniel Andrews faced a barrage of questions in State Parliament this afternoon over why Yacqub Khayre was on parole at the time of the Brighton terror attack .
Yacqub Khayre , 29 , cut off a parole ankle bracelet before they shot dead an apartment worker and took an escort hostage in Brighton last night .
Bay St , which has been closed since the siege , reopened to driver 's about 3.30pm Tuesday .
Edward O'Donohue , the opposition corrections spokesperson , said :
“ Daniel Andrews does n't have answers on why Yacqub Khayre was on parole and they do n't have any answers on how many of these 22 people with potential terrorist links are walking the streets on parole . ”
“ This Premier really has no idea of what 's going on and if they have no idea of what 's going on , they certainly ca n't fix the crime problem . ”
In upper house question time this afternoon , Victorian Corrections Minister Gayle Tierney was asked how many prisoners in the state 's correction system had known terrorist links .
“ What I can advise is that in the last State Budget there was an allocation of $ 6.385 million over four years for anti-radicalisation programs and I can advise the House that the Islamic Council of Victoria is contracted to deliver the program and is currently working with up to 22 prisoners and people in the community each year , ” Ms Tierney said in parliament .
When asked how many of these people were on parole , Ms Tierney said : “ The advice that I 'm provided is that there is up to 22 people in the corrections system . ”
Earlier Opposition Leader Matthew Guy ran through the long list of crimes Khayre had committed before being “ let out on the streets ” .
Police have reopened Bay St after yesterday 's siege @ 9NewsMelb pic.twitter.com/M2Sb1Oo9AK — Kieran Jones ( @ kieranjones_9 ) June 6 , 2017
State Parliament erupted as MPs on both sides of the chamber hurled insults at each other .
The opposition 's questions echo Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , who earlier questioned why the man behind yesterday 's deadly Brighton siege was on parole .
Mr Andrews defended their government 's record on tackling crime and dealing with problems with parole , and said they would “ counsel those opposite ” that nothing would be gained by playing politics with the issue of terror .
They then accused the opposition of failing to support police , which led to howls of denial from coalition MPs .
Parliamentary secretary @ TimSmithMP 's media release re `` stupid question '' comment form Labor MP re Brighton terror # springst pic.twitter.com/0aWxdHu7Lf — Matt Johnston ( @ Media_Matt ) June 6 , 2017
This is getting willing - Guy incredibly saying the premier should `` resign '' # springst — Matt Johnston ( @ Media_Matt ) June 6 , 2017
Mr Guy slammed Mr Andrews over parole and for being soft on crime .
Asked at a media conference earlier today if they were concerned by the fact the gunman was on parole , Mr Andrews responded : “ Well , I would make the point that they had served significant jail term and become eligible for parole at a later point than they might have hoped because their sentence had been increased because of poor behaviour .
“ This is the advice I have , terrible behaviour in prison .
“ He 's been compliant , including drug tests , attending appointments and observing a curfew .
“ That 's the information that I have to this point . ”
Victoria 's Police Commissioner said investigators would probe whether the terror gunman was trying to lure police into a deadly ambush .
Mr Turnbull this morning questioned why Khayre , who had a long history of violence , was on parole .
“ How was this man on parole ? ” they said .
“ He had a long record of violence . A very long record of violence .
“ He had been charged with a terrorist offence some years ago and had been acquitted .
“ He was known to have connections , at least in the past , with violent extremism . ”
Chinese media is reporting that the innocent man shot dead by Khayre was married just 15 days ago .
The 36-year-old 's body was found in the foyer of the Buckingham Serviced Apartments in Bay St by police soon after they arrived .
They are an Australian national of Chinese origin .
“ He had done nothing wrong except work at the apartment , ” police Chief Commissioner Graham Ashton said .
The escort is a 36-year-old Ripponlea woman .
Khayre was killed after they fired at police and was shot dead .
Islamic State is trying to claim responsibility for the deadly hostage drama , about 11km southeast of Melbourne CBD , saying the gunman was ‘ one of its soldiers ' .
But Mr Ashton said there was little evidence the incident was planned or co-ordinated with anyone else .
Mr Ashton said the gunman — confirmed as Mr Khayre , as revealed last night by the Herald Sun — was from Roxburgh Park in Melbourne 's north and lived with their mother .
Police have seized computers and other devices from their house this morning .
The bomb squad returned to the Brighton apartments this morning with officers suiting up and heading into the building .
Police say they are just processing the crime scene and there is no bomb threat today .
Last night 's deadly siege concluded when Khayre came out of the apartments with a shotgun and fired at police .
Two officers were injured in the hand , one in the neck .
“ Fortunately they are OK , ” Mr Ashton said .
“ Two of them are currently now at hospital .
“ One was treated at the scene and are still going under medical treatment .
“ They are non-life-threatening which is what we 're grateful about . ”
Mr Ashton added : “ Nothing thus far will suggest to us that this was planned or done in concert with others .
Asked if they believed the gunman lured police to ambush and kill officers , Mr Ashton said : “ It 's a possibility ( but ) we do n't know whether that was the case .
“ Certainly a booking was made to see an escort at the premises .
“ He 's then turned up at the premises with a firearm , that 's all been weighed into the calculations but we have n't found anything like a note or any comment around that we 've found so far .
“ It 's early days .
“ There 's search warrants being done .
“ We 've got computers and electrical items seized to go through .
“ The AFP ( Australian Federal Police ) will assist us in that .
“ It 's just too early to know how random this was in terms of whether it was something that they were planning or thinking about , whether police were the target or he 's seized the opportunity they thought was presented to them last evening . ”
Asked whether there was a genuine link with IS , Mr Ashton said : “ Look , we 're aware of , online , them having claimed responsibility , but then they always tend to jump up and claim responsibility every time something happens so , we note that that has happened but he 's also made statements last night around al-Qaeda . ”
Mr Ashton said the siege that lasted about two hours and involved heavily-armed specialist police was a “ dangerous and volatile situation ” .
“ We deal with situations on a siege basis a lot but this was a very dangerous situation and required immediate action and that 's what we saw last night . ”
Mr Andrews praised police this morning .
“ What is beyond question in this incident and at all times is the professionalism , bravery , courage and effectiveness of our specialist police forces in this state , ” they said .
“ But be in no doubt the special operations group and others last night have put themselves in harm has way to keep the rest of us safe and that 's something that we should honour and it 's something that we should value . ”
The gunman at the centre of the siege was known to counter-terrorism investigators .
Khayre was charged and later acquitted over a terror plot to launch a suicide attack against Sydney 's Holsworthy army barracks in 2009 .
IS this morning blamed the attack on Australia 's membership in the US-led coalition against the militant group .
“ The attack in Melbourne , Australia was carried out by a soldier of the Islamic State in response to the call for targeting the subjects of the coalition states , ” the group 's Amaq news agency said .
Mr Ashton said the female hostage was an escort who had been booked by the gunman .
“ Obviously ( she 's ) severely traumatised by what 's happened and that 's very understandable in those circumstances , as you can well imagine , ” they said .
“ But in terms of physical injury , they are n't physically injured by the offender but certainly kept in the apartment against them will . ”
BRIGHTON ATTACK A SHOCKING CRIME : PM
Prime Minister Turnbull said the incident in Brighton , coming so soon
after the attack in London , had shocked all Australians .
“ This terrorist attack by a known criminal , a man who was only recently released on parole , is a shocking , cowardly crime , ” they said .
“ It is a terrorist attack and it underlines the need for us to be constantly vigilant , never to be deterred , always defiant , in the face of Islamist terrorism .
“ What is clear here is that we face a growing threat from Islamist terrorism in Australia in our region and around the world .
“ We will continue to defy it and we will continue to defeat it . ”
Turnbull says Melbourne siege `` is a terrorist attack '' 0:42 Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull addresses the media about the investigation into the Brighton Siege
Mr Turnbull said there was concern about copycats but the terror threat level had not been raised for Australia .
“ But all of these attacks , particularly given the way they are reported on , across the
world , all run the risk of promoting other copy cat incidents , ” they said .
Australian Federal Police deputy commissioner Mike Phelan said there was a viable threat in Australia .
“ Currently ( there is ) in excess of 70 ongoing operations throughout the country , ” they said .
“ In addition to that , there are , and the director general of security has put on public record ,
the 200 people they are looking at .
“ In addition to that , on an outer ring , are those who have come to attention , in each of the state jurisdictions monitored by the equivalent of their intelligence units and in the case of Victoria , that is in the hundreds .
“ It is where people fit on the list .
“ We are constantly putting people under review , depending on the intelligence that comes through , ongoing investigations , some someone comes up , a peripheral target , they get reassessed . ”
As the siege was taking place Khayre called the Channel Seven newsrooms in Melbourne and said ‘ this is for IS ( Islamic State ) ' and ‘ this is for al-Qaeda ' .
Channel 7 chief of staff Nicole Bland , who took the call , told 3AW this morning that initially an extremely distressed woman was on the phone who they could not understand .
Then a man took over and said “ this is the Brighton hostage ” before naming IS and al-Qaeda .
The call came after the weekend London outrage in which terrorists shouted “ this is for Allah ” as they killed seven people .
RESIDENTS RUN AS TERROR COMES TO BRIGHTON
Witness Lee Griffin said last night tactical police hid behind rubbish bins before firing the fatal rounds .
“ I heard an initial shot and then a wave of police arrived and that 's when the next shots
occurred , ” Mr Griffin said .
“ I saw police shoot the guy . It was terrifying . ”
Moments later , officers freed the woman who had been held captive .
Daniel Andrews addresses the media after Melbourne siege 2:57 Premier Daniel Andrews thanked Victoria Police for their work over the Melbourne siege and says the gunman had received parole and had been compliant with parole conditions .
A major police presence , including specialist tactical officers , remains at the scene today .
Neighbours reported hearing more than 20 gunshots in the area and police ordered everyone in the area to head to Coles supermarket .
Father Graeme Hisgrove said they ordered their family to drop to the floor once the final shots were fired .
“ After a while , without any notice there was this massive amount of gunfire , ” they said .
“ We all jumped to the floor of the lounge room and laid flat because we did n't know where it was coming from .
“ Once it was over , we could see the police get up and walk toward the apartments . I had a feeling it was over — that they 'd shot him .
But we were locked in all night . ”
Their children Molly , 15 , and Jack , 17 , has just arrived home from school when the siege began to unfold .
Mr Hisgrove said their son alerting them to a “ a man with a gun ” at their backdoor .
“ I was freaking out , ” they said .
The SOG officer and other police entered their property , positioning themselves along the fence line .
“ They told us to get inside and stay there . ”
Witness Ben Vieth was standing on their balcony about 150m from the scene when gunfire erupted just after 6pm last night .
“ Next minute we heard the machine gun go off , '' they said .
“ It was absolutely terrifying . It went for probably three or four seconds — just constant fire .
“ The police were just screaming at people to run and take cover .
“ People were just ducking and running . I was just in shock — I could n't stand up . It was full on .
“ The noise was just deafening .
“ It was n't a couple of shots .
“ It sounded like 20 or 30 shots . ”
As soon as the machine gun went off four ambulances sped to the scene , they said .
“ They were obviously planned , '' Mr Vieth said .
“ Then I just heard two police were shot . ”
Jack Reid , 20 , who lives close to the apartment complex , was standing nearby with their 18-year-old brother when the shots started .
A police officer shouted at bystanders to flee to a nearby supermarket .
“ The police officer was just shouting at us to get into Coles and stay there , '' Mr Reid said .
“ It was pretty scary .
“ She was just going : ‘ Everyone gets into Coles now ! Stay inside ! Do n't come out !
“ We all figured it was a hostage thing .
“ I am a bit shaken .
“ The gunshots took us all by surprise .
“ It went for at least three seconds . It sounded like a pistol or something . ”
Buckingham Serviced Apartments at 408 Bay St , is next to a children 's swimming school and several doctors offices .
The apartments advertised as “ luxury ” apartments with private balconies and “ spacious and modern decor ” .
One-bedroom apartments cost $ 130 per night .
Firbank Grammar School and Brighton Grammar school are within walking distance of the scene and schoolchildren could be seen nearby in the aftermath of the siege .
Read more :
Melbourne victims in Barcelona terror attack
Rosebud siege : Man holed up in house for eight hours
wes.hosking @ news.com.au
Kevin Rudd 's replacement in the seat of Griffith , Terri Butler , writes to Tony Abbott asking them to put to rest speculation they are ineligible to sit in the Australian Parliament due to never having renounced their British citizenship . Sydney bureau chief Ross Jones reports .
TERRI MEGAN BUTLER is the Labor MP for the federal division of Griffith , basically Brisbane 's inner southern suburbs . It used to be former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's seat until they spat their final dummy . Kev 's abrupt but overdue departure triggered a by-election held on 8 February 2014 .
Terri , previously an industrial lawyer , had secured Labor pre-selection and , on the day , prevailed over the LNP 's Dr Bill Glasson with a 2PP of 51.76 % , despite a 1.25 % swing against Labor .
It 's probably a much safer ALP seat now and , at 37 , Butler has a bright future before them
IA readers are familiar with the indefatigable Tony Magrathea as the man trying to uncover the truth regarding the Tony Abbott 's citizenship status . The results of their attempts have been well-documented in IA .
Fed up with frustrations attending the almost-impossible task of proving something does n't exist , in this case Abbott 's 'Form RN ' – their renunciation of British citizenship – Magrathea decided both-barrels , choke off , was the best approach .
So they emailed the following question to every MP in the land :
If a politician were to find out about something that might or might not be a crime , should they make that decision themselves or should it be left up to the police ? I know most state crimes acts require all who are aware of a crime to let the police know , otherwise they risk being charged with perverting the course of justice , especially if the politician and potential criminal are mates and there has been some sort of monetary or political advantaged gained by staying quiet . I ask because the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet declared in an FOI request , 2014-159 , in October last year , that Mr Abbott is still a dual citizen of Britain and Australia . They said their renunciation paperwork for the British citizenship does not exist . If a politician were to find out about something that might or might not be a crime should they make that decision themselves or should it be left up to the police ? I know most state crimes acts require all who are aware of a crime to let the police know otherwise they risk being charged with perverting the course of justice , especially if the politician and potential criminal are mates and there has been some sort of monetary or political advantaged gained by staying quiet .
Tony Magrathea , explains why they are not a “ birther ” , as some have alleged . http : //t.co/1TxJxkyRDC — Schadenfreude George ( @ GeorgeBludger ) September 6 , 2014
After explaining the possible legal repercussions of their staying quiet , Magrathea asked :
Now that you are aware of the crime or potential crime , will you advise the police or make the decision yourself that all is OK ? I would hope you forward the matter to the CDPP , the AG department and the AFP or at least ask a question in Parliament so we can all find out what 's going on .
Coincidence , by definition , is a funny thing . Terri was on the ALP campaign trail in Rockhampton on 22 January and got chatting to booth workers .
IA notes it has not yet spoken with Butler , we will try although they are a tad busy at the moment , so the next bit is an informed , but not confirmed , reconstruction .
It seems the ALP booth workers filled a hitherto unknowing Butler into the detail of the Abbott citizenship scandal and Tony 's findings to date in that regard . They contacted their staff , who advised the content of Tony 's email advising MPs of a possible criminal breach — not only by Abbott , but anyone else who knew and was deliberately concealing a crime .
Butler is now on record as the only MP , and that includes the crossbench zoo , to respond to Magrathea 's mass entreaty .
A gem or a dual ? Tony Abbott 's Lying-ingate , by Ross Jones . http : //t.co/wbqg4FwJlB — IndependentAustralia ( @ independentaus ) November 12 , 2014
They begin them reply :
Dear Tony Thanks for emailing me . As you 'd know , Britain is a foreign power for the purposes of section 44 ( i ) ( Sue v Hill [ 1999 ] HCA 30 ; 199 CLR 462 ; 163 ALR 648 ; 73 ALJR 1016 ) . That suggests that if the Prime Minister had yet to renounce their British citizenship before being re-elected in 2013 , they would be ineligible to sit . I understand the Prime Minister 's office has said that the Prime Minister has renounced their British citizenship . If so , they would have done so by paperwork filed with the British government , which may explain why there are n't Australian government records amenable to FOI . Not having seen any proof that the claim is a lie , I am not in a position to make any statement as to its veracity . I 'd say that the person best placed to know the Prime Minister 's citizenship status is the Prime Minister himself . For that reason I accept their statement at face value . Having said that , I intend to write to him , in the terms of the enclosed letter , encouraging them to provide their declaration of renunciation , to avoid the need to continue to discuss this matter .
The truth is here ... | New article at Real Truth Seeker : Time for Abbott to stop fudging o ... http : //t.co/vcPOXBKOk7 pic.twitter.com/hJEonJj8cx — Real Truth Seeker ( @ Seek_Real_Truth ) September 14 , 2014
They conclude their reply to Tony Magrathea :
If it turned out that the Prime Minister was eligible , you would n't get relief from the court . If , on the other hand , the Prime Minister was n't eligible when elected in 2013 , it would seem likely that the court would void the election for their division , and a by-election would occur ( as it did in the Kelly case ) . I suspect if that was to occur the Prime Minister would win that by-election , but of course that would be a matter for the voters in their Division . ( I would make the observation that if all that was achieved through court proceedings and an expensive by-election was to maintain the status quo , that would be a shame . ) It appears to me that if a person believed that an MP , including the Prime Minister , was not eligible to hold their or their seat , the proper approach would be to seek a remedy from the High Court . As you will have seen from the Hill and Kelly cases , that is generally done as a petition to the Court sitting as the Court of Disputed Returns . You could also consider a claim under section 46 of the Constitution which allows a citizen to seek that the MP be financially penalised for sitting while ineligible . If you believe that they have signed any false declarations , that is a matter that you might consider referring to the police . For my own part , not having seen any evidence that a false declaration has been made , I 'm not going to make allegations to that effect . Having made all of those observations , I 'd say that I have many , many disagreements with the Prime Minister . I believe he 's wrong on just about every issue of public policy about which I 've heard their views . I disagree with their government 's attacks on pensioners , students , families , working people , and households generally . I vehemently oppose their attacks on Medicare and on access to education , among many other things . I hasten to add that nothing in this email is to be taken as legal advice . You should seek your own advice , especially if you 're considering commencing court proceedings . You may also be interested in this e-brief ( which I suspect you 've already seen ) about section 44 from the parliamentary library : http : //www.aph.gov.au/about_parliament/parliamentary_departments/parliamentary_library/publications_archive/archive/section44 Best wishes Terri Butler MP
A polite dead bat you might think . But you 'd be wrong .
Because enclosed was also a letter that had been sent to the prime minister :
Like reporting a UFO , Labor risks widespread ridicule if it airs this thing in in Parliament . What happens if they beat it up , then Peta reaches into Tony 's satchel and flourishes the RN ? Ignominy , that 's what . And no-one can prove they do n't have it . A hippy would refer to this situation as a mind-fuck .
But now the stakes have been ratcheted up a cog . The PM has received a written request from a sitting MP .
Will Tony fess up ? Will half the front bench go to gaol for knowingly concealing a crime ?
You 'll read it here first .
Monthly Donation Frequency Monthly Annually Amount $ Single Donation Amount $
`` MPs do not have the right to pick and choose which rules they decide to follow . '' - Cranky Noely is right . http : //t.co/f53LC5qvv6 — Barry Tucker ( @ btckr ) September 19 , 2014
Join Newsletter Name * * Email * * Security Image *
Join Now
RT The strange and suspicious case of Tony Abbott 's citizenship . https : //t.co/vQBZ075cmr pic.twitter.com/Ob0bXUUin2 — Jeremy Holton ( @ jeremyholton ) December 1 , 2014
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
All the Pulse nightclub shooting victims ' bodies have been released to next of kin . Even the shooter 's body has left the Orange County Medical Examiner 's building off Michigan Avenue , according to information released this week .
“ We effectively and efficiently completed the identification , notification and autopsy process within a 72-hour period – a monumental task , ” according to an earlier statement by OCME , which worked with the Florida Emergency Mortuary Operations Response System to complete the gruesome task .
But it was touch and go for one particular shooting victim whose father did n't want to claim the body . Because the son was gay . Because the father was ashamed . Finally and after much convincing , the body was released to Orlando-area relatives and they have been buried . ( Thanks to the commenters on this post for your concern . )
This young man shall remain anonymous so as not to further victimize the deceased , who was Puerto Rican . But Orlando Latino confirmed the information with several sources . The tale is part of the untold stories of the Latino victims of the Pulse nightclub massacre .
Social Conservative
The fact is , Puerto Ricans on the island are socially conservative and oftentimes anti-LGBT . While the U.S. Supreme Court declared that same-sex marriage was constitutional in June 2015 , gay marriage did n't reach Puerto Rico until April 2016 – 10 months after the highest court 's ruling – because a San Juan district court said the Supreme Court 's decision did n't apply to Puerto Rico .
“ The district court 's ruling errs in so many respects that it is hard to know where to begin , ” wrote the U.S. First Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston in slapping down Puerto Rico 's claim . But the local court did n't “ err ” in reflecting the island 's social conservatism , an attitude it shares with many other Spanish-speaking countries . In Puerto Rico , 72 percent of Protestants oppose same-sex marriage , according to a 2014 Pew Research Center study of social and moral issues in Latin America . Among island Catholics opposition was significantly lower – 45 percent . Puerto Rico is about evenly split between Protestants and Catholics . Overall , about 55 percent of islanders oppose same-sex marriage . The highest opposition – over 80 percent – is in the Central American countries of Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador . Meanwhile , Uruguay scored the lowest , 31 percent opposition , which is even lower than the 34 percent of U.S. Hispanics who do not support gay marriage , according to the study . Support for same-sex marriage is higher among younger generations . About 48 percent of the 18 to 34 year olds in Puerto Rico favor it , a figure that drops to 26 percent for people over age 35 . The pain of being Puerto Rican and gay is real . In the island 's macho culture ( relative to the states ) , anti-gay bias is not subtle and has reached the highest levels of government . Bias None too Subtle In 2009 , Puerto Rico 's Senate president alleged during a radio interview that a fellow senator was like “ el petardo que no explota ” or like a firecracker that does n't explode , insinuating they were gay . The statement was denounced by pro LGBT groups . Perhaps this why it took pop star Ricky Martin a while before declaring their sexual orientation . They are now the most famous gay Puerto Rican and no doubt theirs coming out in 2010 helped many others to do the same . In Puerto Rico , everybody loves Ricky Martin – they are famous , wealthy , good looking and more . But nobody knew the Orlando shooting victim . No coming out on Oprah for him . And the victim 's family – or at least their father –did n't accept the son 's sexual orientation , adding further insult to the sad and sensational circumstances of their death .
Wales is not reaching its full potential in attracting high-spending international tourists , a leading academic has said .
Prof Annette Pritchard , director of the Welsh Centre for Tourism Research at Cardiff Metropolitan University , said the country was `` underperforming '' .
Meanwhile , figures show 14 tourist information centres ( TICs ) in Wales have closed in the past five years .
But Economy Secretary Ken Skates said the future was digital .
Prof Pritchard said despite some encouraging figures , Wales was still not doing well enough in key areas , and the impact of budget cuts had seen the closure of tourist information centres across Wales at a time when the industry needed growth .
`` We are not doing as well internationally as our competitors , we 're getting about 3 % of visitors and about 2 % of spend , '' they told BBC Wales ' Week In Week Out programme .
Image caption Prof Annette Pritchard says Wales needs to attract more overseas tourists
`` We 've got about 5 % of the population so really we need to be aiming for that 5 % mark from the overseas tourism . ''
Visit Wales spent less than Visit Scotland on marketing in 2016 .
This year its budget has increased but according to Mr Skates , money is not always the answer when it comes to tourism marketing .
`` Many critics will say 'well you just need to spend more on newspaper adverts , more on TV adverts in order to get more visitors in ' , '' they said .
`` Well that 's not necessarily the case in the 21st century - the way to market a country , a product is to actually make sure that it captures the attention of billions of people through social media and to do that you have to have an innovative approach - you have got to have a creative approach . ''
Last year , Wales attracted more than one million overseas visitors while Scotland welcomed 2.7m overseas visitors over the same period .
Image copyright Welsh Government Image caption Wales ' coastline is also a big draw for visitors
Research by Week in Week Out revealed a decline in the number of tourist information centres run directly by councils , with the closure of 14 in the past five years , including five in Gwynedd .
Two - Porthmadog and Caernarfon - have been taken over by North Wales Tourism , but they do not have the funds to open on a regular basis .
Ambra Burls , who works at the Porthmadog centre , said : `` We 've had some 3,000 people through the door here in Porthmadog alone since Easter .
`` Considering we 're only open at weekends between 11:00 and 15:00 - that speaks volumes really as the amount of people that would come in through the week. ``
Image copyright Cadw Image caption Caernarfon Castle in Gwynedd is popular with visitors to north Wales
Ian Spindley , marketing manager at the Royal Sportsman Hotel in Porthmadog , added : `` Each week we would probably get five guest room recommendations and referrals from the TIC and dozens and dozens of recommendations for diners to come and eat with us - and that stopped over the last 18 months when the centre was closed . ''
Gwynedd council said severe budget cuts had resulted in them no longer directly running TICs but added they were working with tourism groups to maintain the service .
Mr Skates said changing times called for a change in attitude when it came to attracting - and informing - visitors .
`` We have to respect the fact that the local authority budgets are under immense pressure and so sometimes difficult decisions have to be made but we also need to make sure that the economy itself is preparing for the 21st century way of doing things and the fact is - based on evidence that was gathered in Swansea - that only 1 % of visitors to Swansea accessed information through Tourist Information Centres , '' they said .
`` We need to be looking into the future rather than the past and the future is digital . ''
CHICAGO — Let 's be honest , not many people had read the Chicago Police union contract before video of the fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald was released and the U.S. Justice Department launched an investigation into dirty dealings at the Police Department .
As things turned out , the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 7 contract is filled with fascinating tidbits that shed light on what it 's like to be a big-city cop — especially when an officer faces misconduct allegations or has fired a gun on duty .
For instance , according to the police contract , officers who face misconduct allegations or fire a gun :
• Must make a first statement to their supervisor in secret .
• Can not be publicly identified .
• Can postpone making statements in shooting cases with people other than their supervisor for two hours unless they or they claim to be “ physically or emotionally unable to provide a statement within the two-hour time period … accepting at face value all good faith claims of an Officer 's inability to provide a statement. ” ( The clock does n't start ticking until the officer is officially asked for a statement . )
• Receive provided written copies of all their statements .
• Get interviewed by the Independent Police Review Authority “ preferably while … on duty , or if feasible , during daylight hours . ”
• Allowed to interrupt interrogation sessions , which must be a `` reasonable '' amount of time , for `` personal necessities , meals , telephone calls and rest . ''
• May be allowed to review , when permitted by the city , any video or audio evidence before being interviewed by IPRA investigators .
• Can revise statements without punishment after seeing video or other evidence from the shooting .
• Will not be charged with violating Rule 14 ( making false statements , written or oral ) if they are not allowed to review video or other evidence before being interviewed by IPRA .
• Can decline to take a lie-detector test .
• Shall not be made available to be interviewed by reporters unless the officer is criminally convicted or discipline is finalized by the Chicago Police Board or police superintendent .
• Shall be informed of the identity of the two officers ( and just two ) assigned to conduct the misconduct interrogation .
• Can agree to “ mediate ” the resolution of misconduct allegations with IPRA or Internal Affairs in private ( without case investigators present ) to negotiate disciplinary action . If the officer does n't agree with proposed punishment , information from mediation meetings “ will not be used against the Officer or included in the file at any later date . ”
Fraternal Order of Police President Dean Angelo Sr. ( l ) and Mayor Rahm Emanuel . View Full Caption DNAinfo
Keep reading the 178-page document and you 'll find even more intriguing details .
For instance , the contract also allows officers who face up to three days ' suspension to forfeit accumulated vacation , personal days , and even “ baby furlough days ” rather than being removed from actually serving a suspension .
Also , officers disciplined for misconduct who appeal their punishment to an arbitrator are not required to serve suspensions — and remain on paid status — until an arbitrator ( or the Police Board in officer termination cases ) makes a ruling on the merits of punishment .
And when it comes to police officer pay , there are plenty of ways officers make an extra buck for doing things like being available for duty ( even if they do n't show up ) , speaking Spanish , wearing uniforms and going to court .
For instance , the contract guarantees an officer :
• At least two hours of overtime “ call back ” pay for officers required to return to beat meetings when not on duty
• At least two hours of overtime pay to attend required court sessions when not on duty .
• A $ 1,800-a-year uniform allowance
• A $ 3,480-a-year “ duty availability ” allowance that is “ not dependent on an officer being present for duty for an entire pay period . ”
• Time-and-a-half pay for serving as a language translator outside their assigned unit , plus a two-hour overtime pay bonus if work is done not during regularly assigned duties .
• No limit on the amount of compensation time due an officer can accumulate .
While Mayor Rahm Emanuel has made it clear that they plan to ask the police union to renegotiate some terms of the contract related to police misconduct investigations and discipline , police union officials have said they 're not interested in revisiting the deal that expires in 2017 .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Ah , December . It 's that time of the year when Chicago 's downtown is draped in twinkling lights and normally tourist soaked stretches become absolutely flooded with the bodies of a slow-moving tourist with very large bags . But I get it . I speak as someone who has experienced the phenomenon as both a frustrated Loop worker and as a wide-eyed tourist from out of town . Eventually , both sides need to eat , and there are a surprising number of great options beyond the overpriced theme restaurants and national chains . This week I 'm focusing on restaurant options along State Street , though the Mag Mile survival guide will come soon enough .
This one is kind of personal . As a kid , my family and I used to make our way through Marshall Field 's ( it was a long time ago ) , only to descend into the basement for the department store 's glorified cafeteria . Little did I know that years later instead of dining in the darkness , we could have lived it up on Macy 's gorgeous food court on the 7th floor , which features outlets from two of the best chefs in the city . Or that the streets immediately surrounding the main shopping zone on State Street would have restaurants worthy of actually stopping for .
View State Street Survival Guide in a larger map
To be sure , State Street has changed ; and as far as the food options are concerned , it has been for the better . There is now no need to visit this culinary hot spot and have to settle for a stale sandwich . Instead , snack on artisanally made ones , along with messy mac and cheese , and deep bowls of reviving ramen .
For the guide , I only included restaurants that were located less than a block or two off of State Street from Wacker to Madison . Because , after all , a great lunch should n't cut into any precious shopping time .
Macy 's Seven on State
Some of the best lunch options in the Loop all happen to be grouped together on the seventh floor of Macy 's . Seven on State is one of the nicest food courts I 've ever encountered . Want ramen ? Noodles by Takashi offers examples from Chicago 's foremost noodle expert , Takashi Yagihashi . Mexican ? Rick Bayless 's Frontera Fresco offers a cheap and quick introduction to their empire . Just want a burger ? Marcus Samuelsson 's Marc Burger uses only all-natural Angus for its impressive patties ( reviewed here ) . Plus the fries are awesome .
What 's the catch ? Well , there are a couple . First , it 's not exactly a secret , and lines can quickly get out of hand . Second , all of the options are only available for lunch , as the food court closes at 3 p.m . Still , the view almost makes up for all of those headaches .
Noodles By Takashi Yagihashi‎ , 111 North State Street , 7th Floor , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-781-4483
Marc Burger , 111 North State Street , 7th Floor , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-781-2955 ; marcburger.com‎
Frontera Fresco111 N State St , Chicago , Illinois 60602 ( map ) ; 312-781-4483 ; fronterafresco.com‎
Sandwiches
If you 're looking for a little break from the other shoppers , you 're probably the best just leaving Macy 's behind . Luckily , there are a number excellent sandwich shops nearby . Pastoral , a local cheese and bread store , has an outlet that serves up sandwiches of a frighteningly high quality for under $ 10 . Seating , unfortunately , is extremely limited . New on the scene is Toni Patisserie and Cafe , which features a range of baguette sandwiches , along with salads and decadent French pastries . Hannah 's Bretzel , which has been written about a few times on this site , is also a great option . On the cheaper and more filling end of the spectrum , Which Wich located in the basement of Block 37 is a solid choice .
Pastoral Artisan Cheese , Bread & Wine , 53 East Lake Street , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-658-1250 ; pastoralartisan.com‎
Toni Patisserie and Cafe‎ , 65 E Washington Street , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-726-2020 ; tonipatisserie.com‎
Which Wich Superior Sandwiches‎ , 108 North State Street , Space 002 , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-658-0030 ; whichwich.com‎
Hannah 's Bretzel‎ , 233 North Michigan Avenue , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-621-1111 ; hannahsbretzel.com‎
Hot Dogs
If you want to experience what a real Chicago-style hot dog tastes like , Gold Coast Dogs on Wabash offers absolutely zero charm , but it does do things right . ( There is a reason it made the Natural Casing Hot Dog Map . ) Like most proper stands , you can get your hot dog steamed , but Gold Coast also offers a distinctive grilled version , which is definitely the way to go . The ends are sliced , which makes them flare out wildly during the cooking process . ( Though I 've honestly never experienced an example this wild until now recently . )
Gold Coast Dogs‎ , 159 North Wabash Avenue , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-917-1677 ; goldcoastdogs.net
‎
Coffee / Tea
Chicago is a surprisingly great coffee town , and one of the best local options , Intelligentsia Coffee , has a brand-new shop on Randolph . If you 're in more of an espresso mood , it 's hard to go wrong with any of the offerings from the Italian chain , Lavazza . And , as the name suggests , Argo Tea is where to go for something a little less caffeinated .
Intelligentsia , 53 E Randolph St , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-920-9332 ; intelligentsiacoffee.com
Lavazza Italy 's Favourite Coffee‎ , 33 North Dearborn Street , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-977-9971 ; lavazza.com‎
Argo Tea‎ , 140 South Dearborn Street , Chicago , IL 60603 ( map ) ; 312-212-8032 ; argotea.com‎
Chef-Driven Restaurant ( Comfort Food Edition )
When The Southern 's Cary Taylor decided to start up a mac and cheese truck , Loop workers flocked in droves . To keep up with demand , they quickly had to set up a brick-and-mortar store on E. Lake , which serves up their creative takes on the childhood favorite in a bright orange room . It is unfortunately not open on weekends . The shop just let us know that it is open on Saturdays , too .
The Southern Mac and Cheese Store‎ , 60 E. Lake St. , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-262-7622 ; thesouthernmac.com‎
Chef-Driven Restaurant ( Nice and Nicer Edition )
Sure , nearby River North and the West Loop have some of the greatest restaurants in the country , but if you 're growing weak on State Street and need immediate assistance , it 's hard to go wrong with two options by chef Dirk Flanigan . The Gage is their upscale tavern , featuring incredible sandwiches , filling entrees , and a great burger . Still , it can be a bit chaotic and loud . If you need something much quieter and more dignified , Henri is the perfect place to splurge .
The Gage , 24 South Michigan Avenue , Chicago , IL 60603 ( map ) ; 312-372-4243 ; thegagechicago.com‎
Henri‎18 South Michigan Avenue , Chicago , IL 60603 ( map ) ; 312-578-0763 ; henrichicago.com‎
Hidden Attractions
Thanks to the huge number office workers , the Loop features a few restaurants that are stuffed into odd spaces . None is quite as hilarious as the Oasis Cafe ( reviewed here ) , which is located in the back of a jewelry store . If standard diner fare served in a gorgeous old lobby is more your style , Pittsfield Cafe is a welcome warm retreat from the surrounding chaos .
Oasis Cafe‎ , # 11 , 21 N Wabash Ave , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-443-9534 ; oasiscafeone.com‎
Pittsfield Cafe , 55 E Washington St. , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-641-1806 ; pittsfield55.com‎
Pizza
One of the city 's most respected deep-dish practitioners , Pizano 's , has an outlet nearby . It , of course , attracts hoards of tourists like no other restaurant in the area . Still , that 's because it really does serve the best pizza ( reviewed here ) .
Pizano 's Pizza & Pasta‎ , 61 East Madison Street , Chicago , IL 60603 ( map ; 312-236-1777 ; pizanoschicago.com‎
Local Franchises
Wow Bao is an Asian quick-service restaurant from Lettuce Entertain You . It is best known for freshly steamed dumplings and , obviously , bao—a Chinese-style bun stuffed with various meats and vegetables . The noodles are also pretty good , and the rice bowls can hit the spot . Also , just across the street is one of the busiest Potbelly 's I 've ever seen . While it can be a total zoo , it 's hard to deny the power of a fully loaded Wreck .
Wow Bao‎ , 1 West Wacker Drive , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-658-0305 ; wowbao.com‎
Potbelly Sandwich Shop , 190 N. State Street , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-683-1234 ; potbelly.com‎
Desserts
Yeah , there is a Garret 's Popcorn nearby , and it does feature much , much shorter lines than its Michigan Avenue counterpart . But it 's the new shops that you should really check out . Magnolia Bakery—a.k.a . the cupcake shop that spawned the whole national craze— just opened its first Chicago outlet in Block 37 . Located across the street from Macy 's , this mall also features two incredible dessert options in its basement : Beard Papa 's and Andy 's Frozen Custard .
Magnolia Bakery , 108 N. State Street at Block 37 , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-346-7777 ; magnoliabakery.com
Beard Papa's‎108 N State St. , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-960-9000 ; muginohointl.com‎
Andy 's Frozen Custard‎ , 108 North State Street , Chicago , IL 60602 ( map ) ; 312-422-9800 ; eatandys.com‎
Garrett Popcorn Shops‎ , 26 West Randolph Street , Chicago , IL 60601 ( map ) ; 312-201-0511 ; garrettpopcorn.com‎
You Tell Us
Where would you recommend eating near State Street in the Loop ? Let us know !
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners ; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats . Read more about our affiliate linking policy .
Venezuela 's cash crisis just got worse .
New money was supposed to arrive on Thursday so that Venezuelans could swap their old cash for new bills and coins .
On Sunday , Venezuela 's President , Nicolas Maduro , said in a radio address that they would give people 72 hours to exchange their 100 bolivar notes for coins of the same face value . The announcement came just a week after the country said it will replace the 100 bolivar note with six other bills , worth between 500 and 20,000 bolivars , starting December 15 .
The government-set deadline is here . But the new bills have n't arrived at many banks and ATMs even as Venezuelans are standing in endless lines waiting to exchange or deposit their cash .
The pandemonium epitomizes the deep economic chaos Venezuela currently faces . The currency has crashed and inflation has skyrocketed . Venezuelans now need to carry stacks of cash just to buy food and medicine , which are already in short supply .
Related : 4 reasons why Venezuela became the world 's worst economy
`` Nobody has the new bills ... Nobody , '' says Alejandro , a 24-year old who lives in Maracaibo , Venezuela . Alejandro , who requested CNN not use their full name , said the shops they visited Thursday did n't have the new cash . `` With the 100 bolivar bill , nobody can pay for anything . ''
Some Venezuelans reported on social media Thursday that ATM 's from the state-run Banco de Venezuela were still dispensing 100 bolivar notes .
Central bank President Nelson Merentes said the bills will arrive in the country and be distributed in a `` progressive manner '' to banks , a spokesperson told CNNMoney , without providing more specific details on timing .
Related : Venezuela shuts down border with Colombia
Crane Currency in Boston , which Bloomberg reported is printing the new bills , declined to comment .
Opposition leaders in Venezuela derided Maduro 's decision to take the 100 bolivar note out of circulation , arguing more serious steps needed to be taken .
`` We need to defend our local currency by lowering our fiscal deficit and inflation , not by withdrawing bills from circulation , '' Congressman Jose Guerra said during National Assembly session earlier this week .
Related : Venezuela is replacing its biggest note with a coin
The government decided to print the higher value bills to keep up with inflation . Amid skyrocketing inflation , Venezuelans paid for goods by weighing stacks of cash instead of counting bills .
The IMF forecasts inflation in Venezuela to rise 470 % this year and 1660 % next year . In November alone , its currency , the bolivar , lost about 55 % of its value . Venezuela 's largest bill , the 100 bolivar note , is currently worth 2 cents on the popular , unofficial exchange rate .
`` If ( the government ) does n't resolve the economy 's serious inflation problem ... those [ new ] bills are going to be insufficient , '' says Asdrubal Oliveros , director of Eco Analitica , a research group in Venezuela .
Related : Venezuela is printing a 20,000 bolivar note
On Monday , Maduro closed the border with Colombia for 72 hours to prevent anyone from going across the border to exchange or spend money . It 's not immediately clear if the border will reopen Thursday night .
Although Maduro 's socialist government advocates policies for the country 's poor , experts say low-income Venezuelans will be most affected by the cash crisis because many do n't have bank accounts and live entirely on cash .
`` It 's going to have a significant , negative short-term impact on the lower-income population , '' says Siobhan Morden head of Latin America fixed income strategy at Nomura Holdings . `` The economy did not need another negative shock . ''
-- Osmary Hernandez reported from Caracas . Flora Charner reported from Rio de Janeiro . Patrick Gillespie reported from York .
Canada has removed two banks from its list of sanctions against Russia , Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird confirmed Thursday , sparking criticism the government is playing favourites to protect its own domestic commercial interests .
Baird made the admission in the House of Commons after a question from NDP foreign affairs critic Paul Dewar .
`` Following receipt of new information and further investigation and analysis , these entities are being removed from the list , '' Baird said .
Baird said they were `` sufficiently divorced '' from the events surrounding the Russian aggression in Ukraine .
Earlier this week , Canada announced more sanctions and travel bans aimed at ratcheting up the pressure on Russian President Vladimir Putin .
But the New Democrats wanted to know why Baird made no mention of the fact that the two banks , Expobank and Rosenergobank , were being taken off the list .
`` The Conservatives have quietly lifted sanctions on two Russian banks , '' said Dewar .
`` They continue to shield three Russian tycoons who have close ties to President Putin , who have also business interests , right here in Canada . This is the opposite of targeted sanctions . ''
Sanctions 'oddly selective '
Baird defended the government 's sanctions record , saying Canada has imposed 189 sanctions on Russia — nearly twice as many as the United States and the European Union .
`` That 's why the president of Ukraine is so thrilled with this government . ''
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko gave an impassioned speech to a joint session of Parliament on Wednesday , extolling the deep links between the two countries .
`` It 's not just a question of numbers . It 's a question of selectivity , '' charged the NDP 's development critic Helene Laverdiere .
`` Magnates of the Russian economy who are on the American list but who have financial interests in Canada are not affected by those sanctions . That 's so oddly selective . ''
Baird fired back , relying on the fact that Canada has a much longer list than the United States , which has sanctioned 107 entities , while the European Union has 106 .
`` Canada is not a world leader — it is the world leader in terms of sanctioning the Putin government in Moscow . ''
Russian authorities plan no support measures for citizens who might partially lose their funds deposited in crisis-stricken Cypriot banks , Russian First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov said late on Sunday .
MOSCOW , April 1 ( RIA Novosti ) - Russian authorities plan no support measures for citizens who might partially lose their funds deposited in crisis-stricken Cypriot banks , Russian First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov said late on Sunday .
`` If there are people who lose their money deposited in these two largest banks , I 'm sorry to say that the Russian government is not going to take any measures in connection with that , ” they said during the Voskresny Vecher ( Sunday Evening ) TV show on Rossiya-1 state TV .
“ However , if a state-owned company suffers serious losses , we will be ready to consider any specific case publicly and transparently here in Russia , ” they said .
A new deal between Cyprus and international lenders from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund will force the holders of accounts of over 100,000 euros in the country 's two largest banks - Bank of Cyprus and Cyprus Popular Bank - to take losses that may amount to 40-80 percent of their deposits .
Moscow has repeatedly expressed its concern over Cypriot authorities ' plans to force losses on the holders of accounts at local banks where Russian companies and individuals reportedly hold over $ 30 billion - about a third of all deposits .
An ongoing excavation in Israel has uncovered new evidence of an ancient city buried beneath the King Solomon-era metropolis of Gezer .
An international group of archaeologists has been working together for several years on the dig , located between modern-day Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , according to a statement released by the Israel antiquities Authority ( IAA ) . An important historical city in its own right , Gezer is mentioned in both the Old Testament and in Egyptian historical accounts as a stop on the highway connecting ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia .
This summer researchers unexpectedly had a breakthrough while examining a known part of the city dating back to the 10th century B.C. , reports Israeli newspaper Haaretz . Led by Steven Ortiz of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth , Texas , and Samuel Wolff of the Israel Antiquities Authority , the team discovered traces of a walled city beneath those 10th-century ( B.C . ) ruins . The newly discovered remnants appeared to have been occupied 200 years earlier , during the Iron Age I period ( between 1,200 and 1,000 B.C . ) , per a statement from the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary .
`` We had no evidence that Gezer was a walled city , '' Ortiz told The Huffington Post in an email . `` Naturally a walled city implies that the city is more robust and powerful than an unwalled city . [ Our discovery ] is causing us to reinterpret the history and importance of the site in the Iron Age I . This city would be a major Canaanite city . ''
( Story continues below . )
Excavation in progress this summer .
This Iron Age I city wall was about one meter thick , with several rooms attached . Digging through layers of dirt , Ortiz and Wolff found both Canaanite and Philistine artifacts , cultures mentioned in several prominent biblical stories including the battle between David and the fearsome Philistine Goliath .
The walled rooms also appeared to have been destroyed by force , which may explain how the city was able to escape detection for so long . The researchers believe this iteration of Gezer was torn down by Egyptian conquerors , and then the 10th-century ( B.C . ) city eventually was built on top of its ruins , according to Haaretz .
The fact that the biblical city of Gezer might have earlier ties to the Canaanite and Philistine groups may not come as a shock to experts familiar with the history of the region .
`` It 's not surprising that a city that was of importance in the biblical kingdoms of Israel and Judah would have an older history and would have played an important political and military role prior to that time , '' Andrew Vaughn , biblical scholar and executive director of the American Schools of Oriental Research , told LiveScience . `` If you did n't control Gezer , you did n't control the east-west trade route . ''
Karoly Lorant is a Hungarian engineer and an economist . More than a decade ago , when they were a member of the European Parliament , Mr. Lorant wrote a careful analysis of demographic trends in Europe that are leading the continent inexorably towards a Muslim future .
The article below is a follow-up examing the current state of affairs eleven years later . Given the “ migration ” crisis that has been underway in Europe for more than a year , the original article is more relevant than ever , with the process of Islamization well underway .
The referenced document , “ The demographic challenge in Europe ” by Karoly Lorant , Economist , Brussels ( April 2005 ) is here .
Many thanks to CrossWare for translating this article by Karoly Lorant from Magyar Hírlap :
Has it started ? by Karoly Lorant
http : //www.europarl.europa.eu “ In German politics a strong conflict exists . What looks logical for its leaders endangers their voters. ” Somehow I had nothing to do in December 2004 in EU Parliament , so I decided to create a demographic model of the European Union . Of course there are official institutions that make such calculations , but my model 's special purpose was to separate the population into Muslim and non-Muslim components . This falls far outside political correctness , and official demographers were afraid to do this , at least in public . The model itself was an Excel spreadsheet , and the demographic changes in the population were shown in five-year age groups in such way that for example a 15-19 year age group moved into the 20-24 group . I included the age-specific death rate ; the women had kids based on their age group , ( boys and girls ) who were actually put into the 0-4 age group . The model then was modified to include incoming and outgoing migrations . The key question of the model was to determination of Muslim population parameters ( population age groups , age-specific death rates , and in the case of women , the fertility rate ) , because this type of statistic does not exist in Europe , thanks to political correctness . In the end I solved the problem by looking at the country of origin for statistical inputs and tried to assess the data from there . For the future all data element was adjustable so , with this publicly available model everyone based on their own convictions could calculate the demographic future of Europe . When I wrote an essay , “ The Demographic challenge in Europe ” , and I showed it to my colleagues , they were afraid to take a stance , even though we were a Eurosceptic group that included Nigel Farage ( who became famous spearheading Brexit ) . Finally the Italian colleagues who were managing our home page posted it without asking anyone 's permission , and even today it is still available there . To make useful my ( “ now official ” ) essay I visited the building next door where the Europe 's World magazine was printed in 25,000 copies . They either found the essay too large or myself too small , but they refused to publish it . After some time they called me up , because Klaus Regling of the Director of European Committee — Financial and Economical Directorates wrote an article about the aging of Europe , and they wanted me to write a 600-word summary . I wrote that , bringing attention to the fact that , looking at present tendencies in Western Europe , by mid-century we will have a Muslim community with a population of 70-80 million . Also within the same interval that separates Napoleon and Wellington 's time from today , “ homo europensis ” will be extinct .
Rep. Bob Goodlatte ( R-Va. ) , chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee and the main sponsor of the Regulatory Accountability Act . ( Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images )
It 's no secret that Republicans are n't fans of the Obama administration 's environmental and energy agenda . Republicans have continually called for reining in what they say are burdensome regulations that are hurting the economy . Now , newly in control of both chambers of Congress , Republicans have vowed go after high-profile Obama regulations such as limits on carbon-dioxide and mercury emissions from power plants and tougher ozone standards .
But now , Republicans want to go a step further by going after future regulations . They want to reform the scientific procedures and assessments that agencies — especially the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) — use to determine how tough their policies should be .
Agencies draw on scientific data and the advice of outside scientists all the time to answer policy-related questions . To determine whether to protect a creature under the Endangered Species Act , the Fish and Wildlife Service ( FWS ) might need data on the species ' population trends , habitat and vulnerability to environmental threats . To determine whether a pollutant , cosmetic or pesticide is risky enough to be regulated , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and EPA might need toxicology data from substances ' manufacturers and peer-reviewed studies . Agencies also usually seek to estimate policies ' benefits and costs in dollar terms .
There 's nothing particularly new about the bills , as they were introduced in previous Congresses . But they did n't receive much attention , not only because they concern some highly wonky and obscure procedures , but also because they never came up in the Democratic-held Senate . Now , though , Republicans can put more pressure on President Obama by trying to send these measures through both chambers of Congress and to their desk . So you can expect to hear about these bills a lot more .
Take , for instance , Rep. Bob Goodlatte 's ( R-Va. ) Regulatory Accountability Act , which the House approved earlier this month on a mostly party-line vote . In addition to toughening up requirements for agencies ' cost-benefit analyses and data disclosure , the bill would also boost public comment opportunities . Proponents say those provisions would mean more transparent and cost-effective regulations .
Then there 's the EPA Secret Science Reform Act , sponsored in the last Congress by Rep. David Schweikert ( R-Ariz. ) . Republicans routinely accuse the EPA of not operating transparently with its data . This bill , which the House has n't brought up yet this session , would bar EPA from making policies or doing analyses with data that is not “ transparent ” or “ reproducible. ” Its GOP proponents argue , quite simply , that public policy should use public data .
Republicans could also bring up EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act , sponsored in the last Congress by Rep. Chris Stewart ( R-Utah ) . The bill would require that advisory panels be “ fairly balanced , ” and more transparent with public comments , which would result in sounder advice to the EPA , proponents say .
On the surface , these bills — one of which would affect all agencies and two of which target the EPA — seem well-intentioned . Who would n't want more transparency ? Indeed , the EPA in particular has n't exactly been a beacon of transparency during the Obama administration , especially in its handling of the press . And who would n't want agencies to use sounder science ? Business and energy lobbying groups have made those arguments in supporting these bills , suggesting that the measures would yield less costly , more scientifically sound regulations .
But agencies like the EPA already struggle to finish regulations and risk assessments on time , if at all , and industry may already be flexing a lot of lobbying muscle . In the Obama administration , “ the final versions of many of the most controversial rules were made less stringent , ” as the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service noted . And not only do many regulations take years just to propose , but years more to finalize , especially at the EPA : “ Virtually all major EPA regulatory actions are subjected to court challenge , frequently delaying implementation for years , ” the CRS report said . And , as many Democrats and public-interest groups worry , these bills could simply slow down agencies further and actually reduce their ability to use science .
For starters , already most rules — and virtually all major ones — involve one or more public comment periods , in which stakeholders can submit their own data or air complaints . Sometimes agencies take public comment on scientific and economic analyses themselves . But Regulatory Accountability Act opponents are worried about a provision requiring agencies to calculate the “ direct ” and “ indirect ” costs of every possible version of a policy , and another provision letting outside groups request hearings to challenge the data and science behind certain rules . Those provisions could grind agencies to a halt with more hearings and virtually endless analyses , bill opponents argue .
Meanwhile , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has suggested that the secret-science bill might also bog down the EPA . The EPA uses about 50,000 studies each year , according to CBO , but under the bill , the agency would need to obtain each study 's raw data . Not only would that cost $ 10,000- $ 30,000 per study , CBO found , but it would also take time . Absent a budget boost , the EPA “ would probably cut the number of studies it relies on by about one-half , ” CBO said .
The secret-science bill 's data requirements also might spur time-consuming lawsuits , public-interest groups worry . Many studies use health or business information that are legally confidential . While the bill states that it would n't require the disclosure of any legally protected data , the EPA would need to decide which data actually are protected , and its decisions could be challenged in court .
Then there 's the science advisory bill . Opponents are alarmed at a provision allowing scientists with potential conflicts of interest ( say , from industry ) to serve on advisory panels as long as they disclose their conflict . Another provision barring panelists from advising the agency on matters “ directly ” or “ indirectly ” involving their own work has also raised eyebrows . As Elizabeth Grossman pointed out , the bill “ does not clearly define what indirect involvement means , ” potentially deeming top experts on a subject ineligible to advise the EPA on it . And a provision requiring advisory panels to respond to all public comments could encourage stakeholders to bombard panels with comments just to slow them down , opponents worry .
Republicans such as Goodlatte insist that bills such as their Regulatory Accountability Act would cut regulations ' costs , “ all without stopping a single needed regulation from being issued , ” as they said on the House floor . But if bill opponents ' concerns hold true , the measures are a recipe not for sounder regulations , but for weaker regulations and fewer of them . As Christopher Flavelle argues in the case of the secret-science bill , maybe that 's the point : “ It would , in other words , weaken the agency . Of course it would . That 's the purpose of the bill. ” Not only would agencies need more time , but they might be scared off from making new regulations to begin with .
That 's not to say that every Obama policy ( or any other president 's , for that matter ) has drawn on the highest-quality science possible . But regardless of whether these bills genuinely seek to improve executive branch policies , they could easily have another , diametrically opposed set of consequences : to halt many future regulations before they can even get off the ground , whether the benefits exceed the costs or not .
Two Massachusetts men were arrested last Tuesday for their alleged participation in a citywide prostitution scheme at a senior living facility .
Randy Lambach , 45 , sought out drug-addicted women for years in the Pittsfield area , took their photo and advertised on adult websites in order to find them “ dates , ” police said . At least one was a 15-year-old girl , police said .
They would then drive the women to and from set “ appointments ” where they would “ sometimes watch from a closet or doorway , ” The Berkshire Eagle reported .
At least five of these “ appointments ” were at the apartment of Joseph Van Wert , 65 , in their senior living facility , police said .
Lambach allegedly kept 50 to 90 percent of the cash , and paid the women in bags of heroin or crack cocaine . They allegedly threatened to turn the women in if they stopped working for him , telling them that no one would believe “ drug addicts and whores , ” The New York Post reported .
Authorities began investigating earlier this year after receiving complaints about an increase in prostitution . By mid-November , police said they had amassed enough probable cause to arrest Lambach and Van Wert , The Eagle reported .
Lambach and Van Wert are being held in Central Berkshire District Court without bail pending a hearing scheduled for Nov. 29 .
Lambach pleaded not guilty to four counts of human trafficking . Van Wert pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit human trafficking and maintaining a house of prostitution , The Eagle reported .
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Meet the man at the top of the NA Ladder
GosuGamers sits down with InflowMini . Hear what the man at the top of the North American Ladder has to say about their approach to rising in the ranks , how he 's repeatedly gotten away with 1-Gate Expand against high profile Terrans , and why Colossi are overrated .
Well , I am 20 years old . My name is Chad . About my Starcraft experience , to be honest I have none . I did n't even play the Starcraft 2 Beta.Nope I did not play Broodwar either . Starcraft 2 was a completely new game for me , other than the occasional custom game of Broodwar such as Golem Wars , or Lurker Defense.Yes , I get matched up quite frequently with known players such as TTone , ROOTcatz , ROOTdrewbie , ROOTqxc , and many many more . I started off in gold league off my placement matches , and slowly got better the more I played , eventually making it to where I am now . ROOTcatz is what you could say is my zerg arch nemesis , he 's quite a talented zerg , and it 's always a good game when I play him.Well as you can probably tell from my games played , I tend to binge play my ladder games.Well that 's kind of tricky , you need to have some sort of `` carefree '' attitude for each game to be fun and entertaining , but if you are wanting to get better , it ca n't all be carefree . You need to learn something from each game to get better , such as reviewing the replay for what exactly went wrong.I tend to lean towards the learning side , I am too compedative by nature for it to be too `` carefree '' but I definately want to enjoy each game , as well as play to win.Yes , I absolutely love the fast expand . Protoss has such an advantage early game unit wise , if they use the chrono boost on their warpgates . You can actually outproduce a terran who is going for a 2 rax , until the nexus is up . From there you just throw down the extra warpgates , and you will be able to easily defend . If I lose a game to a terran , it 's because I failed macro wise , rather than in the first 10 minutes . I think high templar are going to be the future in PVT , mass gateways and high templar until late game , where you can mix in some colossi . I normally skip the tech completely until late game . High templar as so much more mobile , and so much more deadly in the right hands . Spot a drop coming ? Warp in a high templar with a few stalkers and you can completely negate the attack . You will have so many gateways with the right pylon placements across the map you can actually be more mobile than the terran even with medivacs.Yes.Well , it is a very micro intensive build , and you will get into quite a few `` close spots '' . You need to know your timings and know them well . I definitely would not suggest this build to less experienced players . [ However ] I [ do ] have a lot of metagame with some of the top players , they go into the game KNOWING I will 1 gate expand , and they still ca n't punish it . They 've tried 3 raxing me , 2 port banashee , and many other timing attacks , once they figured out they could n't break it , they tend to just 1 rax or 2 rax FE themselves . If you know what you are doing , it is a very safe build , probably the safest.Correct , If I lose a game PVT , you can bet on it that I lost in the later stages of the game , but it had nothing to do with the 1 gate FE.I feel as if there is a timing window every PVT where the terran will have a uncomfortable amount of vikings , and can just one shot each colossus , while stalling with the rest of their army . By the time you get a head on attack with them , half your colossi are dead , and their marauders will just plummel through the rest.With the build I use there is really no timing push they can use on me . As long as I scout accordingly , I can get templar out and ready to storm , before they can get to my base with their medivacs and MM ball . The timings on my build work out quite nicely in that aspect . Skipping colossi for me makes no difference.Well , since it is a pretty new team , there is not too much to tell . We just got accepted into the CEVO pro league , and are in the SGL . We have a semi big team , around 13 players . We are trying to make a name for ourselves since we are quite new . Hopefully you will see more of us as time goes on.I have not , I have just recently started take take Starcraft 2 `` semi '' seriously . Hopefully you will see my name pop up in many upcoming tournaments.Correct . I think I have the potential too , as long as I keep practicing and improving my play , to where I can compete with the top players , and hopefully make a name for myself .
When Stephen Colbert walked out of their White House Correspondents ' Dinner in 2006 , they did it with a metaphorical red dot trained on their chest . Maybe a real one , too . This guy eviscerated a sitting president seated two arm-lengths away from him— one who could n't seem to grasp their immense unpopularity , either — for 45 minutes .
They did it with a hand so steady they could 've balanced a working flamethrower on that thing and , still , the only badly burned thing leaving that room would 've been the president .
Colbert was not well-loved leaving that room . They were dangerously unloved , if anything . A lot of people walked out . It was so biting that the host of the dinner the next year was a Canadian impressionist . This was , in retrospect , a borderline heroic act of free speech .
It also helped restore and cement the White House Correspondents ' Dinner night as a direct , gutsy way to let the president know what regular people find wrong with their country .
The White House Correspondents ' Association announced Joel McHale as the speaker at this year 's dinner . Joel McHale is great and he 's handsome and he 's smart and all of that , but is they ready for this ? Do they understand that this can make them indispensable ?
He 's tremendous at making fun of Justin Bieber and Wheel of Fortune . They coyly rise above it because they are above it . But let 's be real about this : Can they tear down the president and not look like an asshole ?
Let 's hope so . Let 's hope they take the chance .
Look , nobody knew Jimmy Kimmel had it in him , either .
Kimmel 's late night show had just started to pick up some steam when they accepted the gig in 2012 . Their monologue on Jimmy Kimmel Live had gotten better and tougher and people were starting to take notice .
Their speech talks about the military industrial complex , about the rumors of President Obama eating dog in a past life , about the president 's abandonment of trying to end Super PACs . Then they ended it with a funny , heartwarming story about showing up a teacher who told them he 'd be a nobody , like the goddamn American Dream . It was a little work of art .
They took the gloves off then won everybody over anyway . After a decade on the air , he 's become a bit of an institution since that night . Three months after the dinner , ABC announced it was moving their show up to 11:35 to compete with Leno and Letterman . This was not a coincidence .
This dinner serves as a record for every major or minor grievance that this country has with its presidents . Colbert starts their speech , for example , by telling the audience that their table numbers have been tapped by the NSA , and that they 're taking drink orders . This was eight years ago .
Sure , it 's only on C-SPAN and Youtube . But this thing is just as much of a starmaker as it is a public good .
Does Joel McHale have it in him ?
Gov . Bruce Rauner on Wednesday formed a commission to study and recommend changes to the state 's criminal justice system , saying more must be done to keep people out of prison and stop those who served time from going back .
The Republican used their executive powers to create the group , which will include lawmakers , victim rights advocates , law enforcement officials and others . They 'll be tasked with examining sentencing laws , diversion efforts and early release programs in an attempt to reduce the number of adults and juveniles sent to correctional facilities by 25 percent over the next 10 years .
Currently , 48,227 adults are imprisoned by the state , according to the Department of Corrections , which said the state 's facilities were initially designed to hold 33,000 . But the agency says the prison population is still below its “ operational capacity ” of 49,000 .
Members of the panel have yet to be formally named , though a report is due by July 1 — the start of the new budget year . Rauner has long called for an overhaul to the criminal justice system as a way to cut spending as the state faces billions of dollars in red ink , but that time frame means major savings are unlikely to be realized until next year at the earliest .
But advocates say it 's a process that will take time . As such , Rauner last week proposed hiring more correctional officers to ease overtime costs that have skyrocketed at prisons as the inmate population grows .
Meanwhile , Rauner stressed Wednesday that it 's not just about numbers on a ledger but ensuring people get a second chance .
The governor estimated the state spends $ 1.3 billion a year on the prison system , including another $ 131 million on juvenile offenders . Of those who are released from state custody , 48 percent of adults and 53 percent of juveniles return within three years , they said .
“ It 's a vicious and costly cycle , ” Rauner said . “ We need to make sure we are rehabilitating inmates so they do n't commit crimes over and over again . ”
It 's a push that was welcomed by Sen. Kwame Raoul , a Chicago Democrat who has long worked for prison reforms .
Raoul , who will serve on the panel , said they were hopeful Rauner 's leadership would help eliminate political roadblocks that derailed other attempts at change . Raoul said desires to reduce the number of people who are locked up have often run into efforts by some politicians who are quick to push for harsher penalties , particularly after an egregious crime happens in their community .
“ Nationally , it 's been some of the more conservative voices that have been aggressive in calling for criminal justice reform , and part of that driving force is the fiscal cost of tough-on-crime policies that lead to over-incarceration , ” Raoul said . “ Nobody is saying you let predators out , the people who do god-awful things need to go to prison , but we have to be measured about our criminal justice policies in a way that maintains public safety but does n't waste money because politicians want to characterize themselves as tough on crime . ”
mcgarcia @ tribpub.com
jhellmann @ tribpub.com
Tennessee Republican Party leaders approved a delegate slate on Saturday over the heated objections of Donald Trump 's campaign , which is accusing the state 's insiders of supplanting several supporters with anti-Trump forces .
At a tense meeting of the state party 's executive committee , police removed pro-Trump protesters , and an already heightened sense of confrontation was exacerbated when Trump 's national director of social media tweeted out the personal cellphone number of the state party chairperson , Ryan Haynes .
Story Continued Below
“ It was a bad day for the Republican Party in this state , ” said Trump supporter Mark Winslow , who said they had been removed from a list of delegates agreed upon by Trump 's state director and Haynes on Wednesday , reclassified as an alternate and then removed altogether .
Trump 's backers maintain Haynes engineered the removal of several Trump supporters from a list of at-large Tennessee delegates and replaced them with Republicans likely to support Trump 's rivals at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland — if the nomination fight takes more than two ballots to resolve . Tennessee 's delegates to the convention are bound to the results of the state primary — which Trump won — for the first two ballots .
Haynes rejected claims they had done anything improper and insisted there had been no agreement with the Trump campaign on an initial list of delegates . Rather , they said , Tennessee 's GOP rules give the party the ultimate authority to name delegates , and any guidance from the campaigns is purely advisory .
Haynes also noted that Trump is guaranteed a precise amount of delegate support on the first two ballots at the national convention .
“ They had 33 delegates yesterday . They have 33 delegates today , ” they said following the vote . “ Those individuals by state law will be bound by two rounds of voting to vote for that candidate . ”
Winslow said it would be up to the campaign to decide whether to challenge delegates before the RNC 's credentialing committee . A spokesperson for the Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment following Saturday 's vote .
Trump may not take the defeat quietly . They recently reacted angrily to similar maneuvering by Ted Cruz 's campaign that allowed it peel off some of their delegates in Louisiana — and their campaign filed a formal challenge to the results there . Trump has previously linked their support for the GOP to whether they consider themselves to be treated fairly by the party establishment . GOP leaders are worried that efforts to outmaneuver them in the delegate hunt could feed their supporters ' grievances .
“ It 's the events of today in Tennessee which justify Mr. Trump saying they have not been treated fair by the Republican Party , ” said conservative commentator Scottie Nell Hughes , a Trump campaign surrogate whose husband , Chris Hughes , is among the Trump Tennessee delegates elected directly by voters .
The controversy erupted on Friday when Haynes produced a delegate slate that Trump 's campaign said differed from one they had settled on earlier in the week .
“ We won the votes , ” Darren Morris , Trump 's Tennessee state director , wrote in a missive late Friday night . “ They are trying to steal them . I ca n't believe I am writing this . But the Tennessee Republican Party wants to steal your vote TOMORROW . ”
Party leaders , alarmed by an intensifying backlash throughout the night , hired extra security for the event — and even briefly considered canceling it altogether .
Dozens of pro-Trump protesters gathered outside the meeting venue , and when some appeared on a balcony looking into the room where the meeting took place , police were called to remove them from the property .
During the meeting , Trump 's social media director , Dan Scavino , encouraged supporters nationwide to contact the state party chairperson directly . “ CALL THE TENNESSEE CHAIRMAIN [ sic ] , RYAN HAYNES , ” they tweeted , including Haynes ' cellphone number . “ Let them know you support the TRUMP delegates ! ”
Morris ' anger stemmed from what they said was a deal that Trump 's campaign had struck with party leaders on Wednesday to fill the remaining at-large slots with Trump 's favored delegates .
Haynes said Morris exploded earlier in the week when the party informed the campaign it would receive only six of its seven delegate choices at Saturday 's meeting .
“ They informed us that they did not care about party procedures . They do n't care about the Republican Party , ” Haynes said .
Haynes added that on Friday , the list of delegates changed again and only four of Trump 's original seven requests were included , prompting Morris ' scathing call to supporters .
“ The State Party Chairman , Ryan Haynes , agreed to that ON WEDNESDAY , ” Morris wrote . “ Those pulling their puppet strings changed their mind and now apparently they want to appoint delegates representing candidates who do n't support Donald Trump and WHO DID NOT RECEIVE ANY ALLOCATED DELEGATES on March 1 . ”
Brent Leatherwood , executive director of the Tennessee Republican Party , said there was never such a deal and accused the Trump campaign of speaking “ dismissively ” of one of the party 's “ female members . ”
“ Instead of stirring up strife and grossly mischaracterizing the conversation that took place between Mr. Morris and Chairman Haynes , let 's set the record straight . There was never an agreement , especially after the Trump campaign spoke dismissively about the Party process and one of our female members , ” Leatherwood said in a statement .
Morris urged supporters to crash the party 's 10 a.m. Saturday executive committee meeting by arriving a half-hour in advance . “ There is a small group of Tennessee establishment insiders pulling a fast one . DO N'T LET THIS HAPPEN , ” they wrote .
Trump , Ted Cruz and John Kasich are competing not only in primaries and caucuses across the country but also to name the actual individuals who will serve as delegates because , should Trump fall short of the 1,237 delegates they need to secure the GOP nomination on the first ballot , those individuals will ultimately select the nominee .
Pro Manure 5-Tine Fork is rated 4.2 out of 5 by 22 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by dennj from excelent value This a high-quality product at a very affordable price . The five metal prongs are thick enough to be very strong , and the prongs flare out slightly which make it easier to hold onto material . The fiberglass shank is to the usual wood handle because it wo n't split and get broken in heavy use . The combination is a bit heavier than the conventional thinner-metal wooden-handled type , but , considering its very affordable cost , well worth the extra weight for heavy-duty use and long eonomic life .
Rated 5 out of 5 by JohnZ from Better than the rest In shopping for this product I found many similarly priced products , and this was about the same as the group . It was definitely worth the wait to order this particular fork as its quality seems to be the best in class , especially for a hand tool that will be used substantially . One added feature is the slightly lighter weight due to the fiberglass handle . I 've only used it a couple weekends and it has performed great .
Rated 1 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from The fork comes off and separates from the handle after ... The fork comes off and separates from the handle after just a few days of use . These have a lifetime warranty , which I do not understand how such poor quality can be supported by such a warranty . I keep having them replaced - order and replace about every 2 weeks through Home Depot .
Rated 1 out of 5 by Boris from After three weeks the fork fell off the handle . No one ever answers the phone when you call for s ... After three weeks the fork fell off the handle . No one ever answers the phone when you call for service .........
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anabel from the truper pro 5 tine forks is a very nicely made tool ! ! I do n't own any manure producing creatures that would justify this fork for that use , but I have stacked a large amount of all forms of yard waste from 1 acre of yard w/ grass & many trees/shrubs for a few years in various piles that really needed moving/burning before another snowfall crushed everything down even more . * I needed something stong , but a shovel would n't make a dent and I did n't think a 10 tine hay fork would be the answer because of the dense nature of the older stuff that was really mashed from snowload and time , and a 3 tine might have been even better for some stuff -- -- but I thought a 5 or 6 tines would make the most sense for the variety I had to make move from 10 to 75 ft. to burn safely . * I was very impressed with the fit and finish when it arrived UPS.Well protected tines from a `` newspaper '' shroud that was really effective without adding bulk that can cause shipping problems with long handled tools generally . There is a rattle coming from the spacer that floats inside the the length of the hollow fiberglass handle , but the tool itself is extremely tightly assembled end to end and wrings like a Tuning Fork . * When I actually attacked the various debris piles I was pleased to see how well it picked up everything I had in nice big scoops without extra effort to slide into the compacted tree trimming , leaves and weed stuff or mountains of old cut grass in all stages of decomposition . * I liked the curve on the forged head as it allows you to stand more upright when inserting it into a pile of ? ? . * I would n't use it for breaking ground in my rocky/sandy type soil , but it is an effective high quality Tool for many things -- -- -- -- -- -and manure too I would think .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Chief from Great fork . Wish it had been available in store Great fork . Wish it had been available in store
Rated 1 out of 5 by Russ from The fork fell out of the handle the first day I used it . The item was on back order and I had to ... The fork fell out of the handle the first day I used it . The item was on back order and I had to wait a week to order the replacement .
2016 NRL Club Jerseys
Anniversary seasons , new designs , a bit of the same - we 'll cover the release of each club 's new 2016 kits right here !
If you think we 've missed something make sure you shoot us an email ( media AT leagueunlimited DOT com ) .
Here 's hoping you like what your club is putting forward !
2016 Indigenous Jerseys
A number of clubs will sport Aboriginal-inspired kits in Round 10 - although the Dragons and Rabbitohs will hold theirs back until the Round 11 match at ANZ Stadium , as will the Cowboys for their match against Brisbane .
2016 ANZAC Weekend Jerseys
Several clubs will wear dedicated jerseys for matches played on the ANZAC Day weekend . Starting us off are the Newcastle Knights , St George Illawarra Dragons & Sydney Roosters .
More to come ...
2016 NRL Club Jerseys
To be confirmed .
Apparel Supplier - Nike
Major Sponsor - NRMA Insurance
Other Jersey Sponsors - First Mac Home Loans , William Hill & National Storage
Home Jersey
No design change
Away Jersey
New design
Heritage Jersey
`` The jersey that never was '' - one of the finalists of the Broncos ' jersey design competition back in 1987 , prior to their first season . To be worn in the Good Friday Grand Final re-match .
Women in League Jersey
A purple and pink take on their home jersey .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Yellow base with random horizontal maroon lines - could almost double as an away jersey .
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Huawei
Other Jersey Sponsors - Defence Housing Australia , TTM Security
Home Jersey
No design change
Away Jersey
To be confirmed
NRL Auckland Nines Jersey
A similar design to last year with Austbrokers Canberra taking front of shirt sponsorship for this event .
Apparel Supplier - Canterbury Clothing Company
Major Sponsor - Jaycar Electronics
Other Jersey Sponsors - M & J Chickens , Opal Solar
Home Jersey
Similar design to 2015 , point of vee removed beneath sponsor and club logo reverted to 2010-2014 version .
Away Jersey
Similar design to 2015 , point of vee removed beneath sponsor and club logo reverted to 2010-2014 version .
Heritage Jersey
Return to traditional butcher stripes with predominantly blue sleeves and shoulders .
Nines Jersey
Mostly white & silver design with 3D metallic outlines . White Ribbon Australia replaces Jaycar as front of jersey for the tournament .
Alternate Jersey
Modernised 3D 'robotic ' style of double vee design with mostly black .
Images courtesy www.bulldogs.com.au
Apparel Supplier - X-Blades
Major Sponsor - Southern Radiology
Other Jersey Sponsors - Martec , Capital Bluestone , Coates Hire
Home Jersey
Minor design change with extra line of trim added to central and sleeve hoops , plus black added to shoulders .
Away Jersey
Minor change to 2015 design with sponsor to run horizontal rather than angled with the design lines .
Members Jersey
Unique design with members names included over the bulk of the jersey .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Who has that many abs ?
Apparel supplier - BLK
Major Sponsor - Aquis Australia
Other Jersey Sponsors - TFH Hire , Global Road Technology , Frizelle 's Auto Group
Home Jersey
Another modern twist on the titan helmet incorporated into the design with plenty of navy blue woven through ..
Away Jersey
Predominanetly white with titan-helmet inspired chevrons on the chest . Secondary colour mostly navy .
Heritage Jersey
A modern gradient take on the club 's heritage jersey since inception .
Auckland Nines Jersey
A nice bright design incorporating an abstract look at the Titan helmet from the club logo . A bit of gradient too .
Apparel supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Coco Joy
Other Jersey Sponsors - ZTE , Daikin , URM Waste Management , Kyocera
Home Jersey
Coco Joy replaces Kaspersky as front of jersey sponsor , thereby removing the bottom of the vee .
Away Jersey
Coco Joy replaces Kaspersky on the front of the jersey which has no other changes from 2015 .
Heritage Jersey
Similar design to their main kit with gold piping on the white vee and mock lace-up on the chest . Maroon background contains numbers of each premiership year and EST1947 .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Silhouetted Sea Eagle coming in to land .
Apparel Supplier - Star Athletic ( more details )
Major Sponsor - Crown Resorts
Other Jersey Sponsors - Suzuki , TigerAir , SpotJobs.com.au
Home Jersey
New design with predominantly navy - fades to purple below the sponsor mark . Photographic-style lightning bolt on bottom back .
Away Jersey
Simple white design with two-coloured vee and purple side-panels .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Continued thin white chevrons right down the body of the jersey with a real lightning bolt as the backdrop on purple . No sponsor owing to the fact Crown Resorts can not advertise in NZ .
Heritage Jersey
A throwback to the early 2000 's this time , again with the open collar , but this time a silver lightning bolt theme
Women in League Jersey
Nice and pink , with purple-ish navy chevrons at the bottom and stylised lightning bolts in the side panels .
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Newpave
Other Jersey Sponsors - NIB , Huntlee New Town
Home Jersey
Much the same as 2015 with sponsor now on a blue patch , and new chestplate sponsor Huntlee taking place between the logos .
Away Jersey
New design a throwback to the clubs ' away jerseys in the early 2000 's , white a white patch under the coloured Newpave sponsorship .
Auckland Nines ( right ) : a random triangles design evoking memories of the Broncos ' Traveland strip from the mid 90 's .
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Toyota Dealers North Queensland
Other Jersey Sponsors - Dreamtime Training ( DT ) , The Ville , Shine Lawyers
Home Jersey
New navy design with odd grey stripes over the breastplate and a touch of yellow .
Away Jersey
Another new design , similar to the home jersey but predominantly grey with navy on the shoulders .
Auckland Nines Jersey
A striking black and blue design , almost a bit of a Bulldogs feel to it - with stylised cowboy horns in white silhouette across the upper chest .
Women in League Jersey
Starry , starry night ! Mostly navy design with hints of pink and purple with a night sky embossed behind the upper chest and around the bottom front .
Apparel Supplier - X-Blades
Major Sponsor - Dyldam Developments
Other Jersey Sponsors - Travel NT , Shine Lawyers , Unibet
Home Jersey
Same as last year !
Away Jersey
Last year 's heritage design becomes the club 's away kit .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Military style textured design with a bright white star in the upper chest .
Indigenous Jersey
One of the better designs from NRL sides over the years , featuring an indigenous-style Eels sublimated at the bottom . Mostly yellow with a blue top .
Apparel Supplier - Asics
Major Sponsor - Oak
Other Jersey Sponsors - Hertz , VIA Network
Home Jersey
The mountain men will again be wearing a predominantly black jersey - like the away kit already released , the names of players who have played 50+ games for the club are embedded in the black . Gold side panels and the 50 year anniversary logo already feature .
Away Jersey
Carrying on the pink theme , this year 's away strip features the 50 year panther logo silhouetted across the lower part of the jersey . The names of all players who featured in 50+ first grade games for the club are written into the jersey . The back of the jersey features the club 's five logos since inception across the upper neck . Click for more details .
NOTE : As a result of specific directives from the NRL , the Panthers will wear the away jersey during the 2016 Auckland Nines competition .
Alternate Jersey
Same design , but in gold !
1967 Heritage Jersey
A 2016 take on the original 1967 strip complete with the same names as the other three jerseys and sublimated
1991 Heritage Jersey
Honouring the club 's 1991 premiership - with similar logo and name overlay across the body of the jersey . The names featured are those who were part of the 1991 premiership squad .
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - St George Bank
Other Jersey Sponsors - Kuhmo Tyres , Momentum Energy , Jeep , Wentworth Williams Accountants
Home Jersey
The famous Red V .
Alternate Jersey
New sublimated Dragon motif behind a solid red jersey .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Mostly red with a dark left side and a lightning bolt separating the two .
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Crown Resorts ( Home ) , Fujitsu ( Away )
Other Jersey Sponsors - Fujitsu ( Home ) , Crown Resorts ( Away )
Home Jersey
Black panels on the shoulders represent the only major change for the Rabbitohs ' home jersey in 2016 .
Away Jersey
The same as the home jersey - with white replacing black and Crown & Fujitsu swapping positions .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Very simple design ... maybe paving the way for a simple design in the near future ?
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Steggles
Other Jersey Sponsors - Peugeot , QBE
Home & Away Jerseys
No changes to the layout of these classics for the Roosters - even the sponsors are the same
Alternate jersey
Living up to their true tricolours name , the club 's third strip is an inverse of the other two , featuring red as the primary colour .
Image : courtesy of savvysupporter , Ebay
Auckland Nines Jersey
Blue on top , red on the bottom , with the Rooster logo sublimated into the blue section and random lines in the red .
World Club Series Jersey
The famous red white and blue with sublimated wording indicating the first WCC played between the Roosters & St Helens back in 1976 .
Apparel Supplier - Canterbury Clothing Company
Major Sponsor - Vodafone NZ
Other Jersey Sponsors - SkyCity , Woodstock Bourbon & Cola
Home Jersey
No significant changes for the men from across the Tasman . The club logo reverts to the black and silver version used prior to 2015 and there is some red trim across the neckline .
Away Jersey
Similarly , just the logo and red trim change on the Warriors ' away strip next season .
Auckland Nines Jersey
`` The Spirit of the Warrior '' has an amazing detailed design on a white jersey . Read more here .
Heritage Jersey
Modelled on their early 2000 's strip which saw them play in their first Grand Final in 2002 . Photo courtesy RL Jersey Spotter .
Women in League Jersey
Coming in 2016
Apparel Supplier - ISC
Major Sponsor - Brydens Lawyers
Other Jersey Sponsors - Allied Express
Main Jersey
Same black design as 2015 with Brydens Lawyers replacing Meriton on the front .
Alternate Jersey
New mostly orange design with white left shoulder and black diagonal stripe from the right shoulder , ending above the sponsor .
Alternate 2 Jersey
Last year 's alternate design with no changes - predominantly white and grey , updated with Brydens sponsorship .
Auckland Nines Jersey
Black shoulders , white body with the club 's logo Tiger jumping out from the chest .
Indigenous Jersey
Derivative Aboriginal Art from their main jersey design .
Check back regularly for updates !
This is actually a pretty complicated question . What you are asking is what constant speed will give the best mileage . We wo n't talk about stops and starts . We 'll assume you are going on a very long highway trip and want to know what speed will give you the best mileage . We 'll start by discussing how much power it takes to push the car down the road .
The power to push a car down the road varies with the speed the car is traveling . The power required follows an equation of the following form :
road load power = av + bv² + cv³
The letter v represents the velocity of the car , and the letters a , b and c represent three different constants :
The component comes mostly from the rolling resistance of the tires , and friction in the car 's components , like drag from the brake pads , or friction in the wheel bearings .
component comes mostly from the rolling resistance of the tires , and friction in the car 's components , like drag from the brake pads , or friction in the wheel bearings . The b component also comes from friction in components , and from the rolling resistance in the tires . But it also comes from the power used by the various pumps in the car .
component also comes from friction in components , and from the rolling resistance in the tires . But it also comes from the power used by the various pumps in the car . The c component comes mostly from things that affect aerodynamic drag like the frontal area , drag coefficient and density of the air .
These constants will be different for every car . But the bottom line is , if you double your speed , this equation says that you will increase the power required by much more than double . A hypothetical medium sized SUV that requires 20 horsepower at 50 mph might require 100 horsepower at 100 mph .
You can also see from the equation that if the velocity v is 0 , the power required is also 0 . If the velocity is very small then the power required is also very small . So you might be thinking that you would get the best mileage at a really slow speed like 1 mph .
But there is something going on in the engine that eliminates this theory . If your car is going 0 mph your engine is still running . Just to keep the cylinders moving and the various fans , pumps and generators running consumes a certain amount of fuel . And depending on how many accessories ( such as headlights and air conditioning ) you have running , your car will use even more fuel .
So even when the car is sitting still it uses quite a lot of fuel . Cars get the very worst mileage at 0 mph ; they use gasoline but do n't cover any miles . When you put the car in drive and start moving at say 1 mph , the car uses only a tiny bit more fuel , because the road load is very small at 1 mph . At this speed the car uses about the same amount of fuel , but it went 1 mile in an hour . This represents a dramatic increase in mileage . Now if the car goes 2 mph , again it uses only a tiny bit more fuel , but goes twice as far . The mileage almost doubled !
The Bubble Investors Least Expect
For much of the past seven years , various stock market pundits have been declaring that the stock market is wildly overvalued and headed for a crash . Much like earthquake insurance being easy to sell just after an earthquake , the proclamations of a stock market bubble found a ready audience among investors who had experienced the 2008 stock market crash less than a decade after the Dot-Com bubble . However , while the stock market might be in for a decline of 10 % or 20 % any time ( these sorts of declines happen regularly ; note the 15 % decline from December 2015 to February 2016 ) , stock market bubbles are not common occurrences and investors who see them around every corner are like the fabled economist who has predicted nine out of the last three recessions .
First , let 's define what we mean by a “ bubble ” and why it is entirely different from the normal ( but often scary ) run of the mill volatility that stock market investors must accept in exchange for earning higher rates of returns than low volatility assets typically provide . A bubble is formed when investors bid up asset prices to irrational levels based on an illogically optimistic view of the future or the belief that they can sell the asset to other investors at an even higher price without regard to any fundamental value that is intrinsic to the asset .
The first famous bubble was Tulipmania in Holland in the 1600s . For psychological reasons that can be difficult to explain ( because the very nature of a bubble is illogical ) people started buying and trading tulip bulbs and as the fad caught on the price of certain tulips skyrocketed to values higher than the cost of a home . When the bubble popped , again for no particular reason other than the psychological mania running its course , prices of tulip bulbs fell back to pennies and investors who had got caught up in the bubble were wiped out .
Bubbles like Tulipmania , the late 1920s just before the Great Depression , the Dot Com bubble and the housing bubble all tend to be based around an illogically optimistic view of the future that takes hold with investors . While they are illogical , it is difficult for humans to identify them in real time because we are all influenced by the same socio-psychological memes that are causing the bubble in the first place . But in retrospect , bubbles are pretty easy to see .
For instance , here 's the Dot Com bubble illustrated by Jake at EconomPic Data ( an excellent blog that 's been illustrating market and economic trends since 2008 ) :
Source : @ EconomPic
This chart shows the valuation of growth stocks vs value stocks since 1978 . You can see that historically growth stocks have sold at relatively small valuation premiums during periods of investor pessimism such as in the early 1990s recession and during the Great Recession in 2008-2009 . They 've traded at higher premiums during more optimistic times . But during the stock market bubble of 1997 to 2001 , investors paid irrationally high premiums for stocks with strong growth prospects . While the rest of the 40 year time period showed growth stocks trading at premiums of 20 % -60 % over value stocks , at the peak of the Dot Com bubble the premium reached almost 140 % .
Today , growth stocks trade at a premium over value stocks of just 30 % , below their long term average . If you look at the technology , consumer discretionary and industrial sectors , where many growth stocks reside , you 'll find that their current PE ratios are not inflated at all , but instead are just about in line with their long term average levels . It is the stocks of slow growing , conservative , historically “ safe ” businesses that are driving up market valuations ( see this post for a case study of a “ safe ” bubble stock we wrote last year ) .
This chart from Econompic shows the historical forward returns to growth stocks based on their valuation premium over value stocks . The red circle is the Dot-Com bubble . Subsequent to this time , returns to growth stocks were terrible . The blue circle highlights the past times that growth stocks traded at a similar premium to value stocks as they do today . As you can see , these level of valuations have typically led to growth stocks outperforming . Far from being a bubble in speculative stocks , today 's market valuations are for growth business are consistent with historically attractive levels .
Source : EconomPic
Like the person buying earthquake insurance just after an earthquake , investors are looking at yesterday 's crisis and assuming it will repeat . But that 's not how bubbles work . Bubbles are a mania connected to the psychology of crowds . In the Dot Com era , serious investors came to believe that the business cycle was dead and that we 'd never have another recession . That sounds crazy today , but it was one of the irrational beliefs that supercharged the Dot Com bubble . Not all stocks went up in value . In fact , even at the peak in March of 2000 , many stocks of slow growing “ old economy ” businesses were incredibly cheap . Today , investors believe in the New Normal , that economic growth will be forever be lower than we 've seen historically .
Now readers may point to some examples of excitement about speculative investments . We certainly are n't saying that stocks are cheap or that all growth stocks are good buys . But with growth sectors of the stock market selling at average valuations while “ safe ” sectors like utilities and consumer staples are trading near all-time highs , and bond yields near all-time lows , investors are voting with their dollars in favor of slow growth investments , not chasing speculative investments .
This mirror image to the Dot-Com bubble is n't a coincidence . When bubbles burst they cause the burned investors to promise themselves they 'll never make the same foolish mistake again . In the wake of the Dot Com crash , investors swore off growth stocks and decided they would only invest in something tangible . Something with real value , unlike the paper trading vehicles of Dot Com stocks . Something like… houses .
The stock market crash of 2008 was not due to a bubble in stocks ( stock valuations going into the crisis were pretty much right in line with average historical valuations ) , it was due to the popping of a bubble in home prices and the devastating impact this had on the economy . With their firm commitment to never make the mistake they made during the Dot Com bubble , many investors , with the very best intentions , focused their attention on what seemed like the exact opposite of Dot Com stocks . But like a crowd of passengers all lurching to the other side of a boat in stormy weather , the rejection of growth stocks led to a new bubble forming . Investors were making the same mistake , but because houses felt so safe compared to Dot Com stocks , they believed they were doing the exact opposite of the mistakes they made in the late 1990s .
So with the collapse of the housing bubble , what did investors do ? They promised themselves that they would never speculate again and they invested in bonds or just held cash in the bank . Maybe these investments would generate low returns , but gosh darn it they were n't going to crash… right ?
If the natural bubble follow up to the twin crashes of Dot Com stocks and housing is super conservative investments , investors might not experience negative returns when the bubble unwinds . Instead , their loss may just have been the opportunity cost of missing out on the 13 % annualized returns offered by the stock market since the end of 2010 . Or , if we get a big surge in interest rates , we might well see a selloff in supposedly “ safe ” areas of the stock market such as Utilities and Consumer Staples .
While “ safe ” assets are n't supposed to see sharp losses , they also have n't historically traded at such high valuations . The risk in these “ safe ” assets , which represent the opposite of the go-go growth stocks that most investors assume must drive a stock market bubble , was apparent in the aftermath of the most recent presidential election . When the 10-year treasury yield ran from 1.4 % in June of 2016 to 2.6 % in December 2016 , the utilities sector lost 14 % even as the overall market rallied 10 % .
The bottom line is that investors worrying that the stock market is too high and due for a decline need to recognize that it is not speculative growth stocks driving the rally , but conservative , low growth companies that have reached record high valuations . This stands on its head the way most investors think about stock market bubbles . We ca n't prepare for the next crisis by buying insurance against the last crisis . Unfortunately there are new and different lessons for investors to learn in the years ahead .
While we do not accept public comments on this blog for compliance reasons , we encourage readers to contact us with their thoughts .
The information contained in this post represents Ensemble Capital Management 's general opinions and should not be construed as personalized or individualized investment , financial , tax , legal , or other advice . No advisor/client relationship is created by your access of this site . Past performance is no guarantee of future results . All investments in securities carry risks , including the risk of losing one 's entire investment . If a security discussed in this blog entry is owned by clients invested in Ensemble Capital 's core equity strategy you will find a disclosure regarding the security held above . If reviewing this blog entry after its original post date , please refer to our current 13F filing or contact us for a current or past copy of such filing . Each quarter we file a 13F report of holdings , which discloses all of our reportable client holdings . Ensemble Capital is a discretionary investment manager and does not make “ recommendations ” of securities . Nothing contained within this post ( including any content we link to or other 3rd party content ) constitutes a solicitation , recommendation , endorsement , or offer to buy or sell any securities or other financial instrument . Ensemble Capital employees and related persons may hold positions or other interests in the securities mentioned herein . Employees and related persons trade for their own accounts on the basis of their personal investment goals and financial circumstances .
The Chair of the Judge Business School 's Advisory Board is one of many Cambridge figures who were today revealed to have connections to offshore law firm Mossack Fonseca , which has been subject to the largest ever leak of confidential documents .
Lord Bilimoria is a crossbench peer in the House of Lords as well as being an Honorary Fellow of Sidney Sussex College since 2007 , and is one of the shareholders of a Virgin Islands company called Mulberry Holdings Asset Limited .
The peer founded Cobra Beer , which fell into administration in 2009 , and was criticised for their alleged use of a ‘ pre-pack ' deal to buy back their stake in the company .
However , they hit back at allegations that they abandoned shareholders with debts of £71m , and said they would repay them in part . They are now the company 's Chairman .
Speaking to The Guardian , they claimed Mulberry was a dormant company founded “ for my ex-shareholders in Cobra , many of whom are not resident in the UK ” and added : “ I am taxed in the UK on all my global income and all my interests are declared to the relevant authorities ” .
Lord Bilimoria was appointed Chair of the Judge Business School 's Advisory Board this year , following a seven-year stint as a board member from 2008-2015 . They were installed as an honorary fellow of Sidney Sussex College in 2007 .
Sidney Sussex College has not yet responded to The Cambridge Student 's request for comment .
The Judge Business School 's External Affairs Office was unavailable for comment , but the school 's website says : “ Cambridge Judge Business School benefits hugely from the advice and guidance of our Advisory Board , which comprises members of the external corporate community and meets twice a year . ”
The University 's ‘ mission and core values ' , meanwhile , states that it supports “ opportunities for innovative partnerships with business , charitable foundations , and healthcare ” .
The peer has links across the higher education sector , serving as the Chancellor of the University of West London from 2005 to 2010 before taking up their current position as Chancellor of the University of Birmingham . Cobra is a sponsor of Gonville & Caius May Ball , the college at which Bilimoria 's son is a student .
It has also been revealed that several Cambridge alumni have links to the offshore law firm Mossack Fonseca , as well as to other companies implicated in the 'Panama Papers ' leak .
Michael Mates is an ex-Choral Scholar at King 's College , and a former Tory MP for East Hampshire . They are a shareholder in a company called Haylandale , which leased land in Barbuda .
Mates claimed their role in the company was “ small and uninfluential ” , that the company “ has never had any real value ” and that they were “ invited to become chairperson by a friend ” .
Lord Howard Flight , an alumnus of Magdalene College , is a former deputy chair of the Conservative Party and Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2002 to 2004 . Their asset management firm , Guinness Flight , included a company in Guernsey that used Mossack Fonseca to manage investments .
Speaking to The Guardian , one of the main publications who worked on the so-called ‘ Panama Papers ' , Lord Flight said : “ Guinness Flight Trustees was not involved in advising either individuals or companies on reducing their UK tax liabilities and , to the best of my belief , had no involvement in harbouring the proceeds of crime , facilitating tax evasion , sanctions evasion , money laundering or bribery and corruption . ”
“ Disciplines were in place to check against such involvements ” , they added .
A student at the Judge Business School , who wishes to remain anonymous , commented : `` It makes sense . Only wealthy people need offshore accounts and it 's not surprising that some Cambridge alumni are wealthy and use offshore accounts . If anything , it 's surprising that so few have come to light thus far . ''
They added : `` It seems fallacious to assume that Cambridge alumni would automatically be of greater moral standing than anyone else . ''
To promote poison prevention and the poison center , the iconic symbol Mr. Yuk™ was created by the Pittsburgh Poison Center and was the first recognized poison prevention/poison center awareness symbol in the U.S . Since then , Mr. Yuk has been used to educate children and adults in the U.S. and internationally about poison prevention and to promote poison center awareness .
Mr. Yuk has raised the awareness that poison centers are available 24 hours-a-day , every day of the year to assist in the management of poisoning emergencies and to provide poison information .
Every Mr. Yuk sticker contains the name of the nearest poison center and the national toll-free “ Poison Help ” telephone number : 1-800-222-1222 . Regardless of your location in the U.S. or its territories , dialing that number will direct your call to the nearest regional poison center .
Visit the Mr. Yuk online store . »
To request a free sheet of Mr. Yuk stickers , please send a self-addressed stamped business size envelope to :
Mr. Yuk
Pittsburgh Poison Center
200 Lothrop Street
PFG 01-01-01
Pittsburgh , PA 15213
After seeing a few references to to IntelliWebSearch recently , I decided to have a look at their website and see how it could help me with custom searches . After all , I 'm always looking for ways to improve my productivity and streamline my workflows . Needless to say , I was disappointed to learn that IntelliWebSearch is n't available for Mac users .
While at first I was disappointed that I could n't take advantage of the custom search features that IntelliWebSearch offered , I knew that there had to be a Mac-based solution to my problem . A few days later , I came across Alfred . I had heard a lot about Alfred over the past few years , but I never really took the time to explore its functionality . This time , however , was different . I noticed the multi-search functions—and the low , low price tag of $ 0—and was immediately hooked . I downloaded the file from the Alfred website , unzipped it and moved the application to the Applications folder . I double-clicked on the Alfred icon and started exploring the settings .
Note : Although there is a paid version of Alfred with additional features for power users , all of the features outlined below are available in the free version .
5 Ways Translators Can Use Custom Searches
1 . Searching with Google
After setting up the Alfred shortcut to something suitable for me ( Control + Space ) , I got to work . I started by testing out the Google search function :
To perform a search with Google using Alfred , all you have to do is type “ google ” followed by your search terms and then hit Enter . Alfred will open a search for the selected term in a new tab of your default browser ( Chrome , in my case ) .
While sometimes a simple Google search is really all I need , I often use sites like Wikipedia or Linguee to look up more information or to get a list of alternative translation candidates , as I described in an earlier post on resources for translators .
2 . Opening Wikipedia Articles
Alfred also makes it incredibly easy to open Wikipedia articles with only a few keystrokes . Open the Alfred search box with the default hotkey ( Cmd⌘ + Space ) or whatever you defined in the settings and type “ wiki ” followed by the name of the article you want .
And in just a few short seconds , the Wikipedia page on drug development opens !
3 . How to Add Your Own Linguee Searches
I 'm also a fan of Linguee , and I use it constantly ( with a few caveats ) . Linguee searches are n't part of Alfred by default , but the process to add an easy-to-use search feature for any language pair ( and direction ! ) is a relatively straightforward process . I 'll show you how to add your own language pair , but if you happen to translate between French and English or Spanish and English , you can download my custom searches here and install them using the instructions below .
To install my custom searches , just copy my custom search URLs into a new custom web search in Alfred .
To add a new custom web search , open Alfred 's Preferences , go to the Features pane and click on Web Search in the sidebar . At the bottom of the window , you should see a button that says “ Add custom search ” .
My Custom Linguee Searches
English to Spanish
alfred : //customsearch/Linguee % 20English % 20to % 20Spanish/engspanlinguee % E2 % 80 % B9/utf8/ % 2B/http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.linguee.com % 2Fenglish-spanish % 2Ftranslation % 2F % 7Bquery % 7D.html
Spanish to English
alfred : //customsearch/Linguee % 20Spanish % 20to % 20English/spanenglinguee % E2 % 80 % B9/utf8/ % 2B/http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.linguee.com % 2Fspanish-english % 2Ftranslation % 2F % 7Bquery % 7D.html
4 . Making Your Own Custom Linguee Search
To start , go to Linguee and start a search in the language pair ( and direction ) of your choice . It does n't really matter what you look for , but make sure to include more than one word to see how Linguee translates the space .
Next , copy the URL and paste it into the search URL setting in Alfred .
As you might have noticed , Linguee interprets the space in your search as the + symbol . Many websites , however , use % 20 , which is what Alfred gives as the default . This means that you 'll have to enter the + symbol in the “ Encode spaces as ” box .
Next , highlight last part of the URL you copied and pasted , except for the .html file extension , and replace it with { query } . Set a title and a keyword ( what you type to launch the search ) and click save .
Now test the search function by opening Alfred and start typing your keyword . As you might have noticed , particularly if your keyword is relatively long , that your search will appear below as you start typing the keyword . For this example , I 've set the keyword to “ engspanlinguee ” . As soon as I 've typed the first three letters , my custom search pops up below .
You can simply press Enter at this point and start typing your search terms , like below :
Click Enter one last time , and your search will open in Linguee in just a few seconds !
Advanced Tip :
While you were going through the custom search settings , you might have noticed the “ Copy URL for Sharing ” button .
If you want to share your custom search , you can click this button to have a link copied to your clipboard . The resulting URL will look a lot like this .
5 . Creating Your Own Dictionary Searches
I have to admit that I rarely ever use the dictionaries built into macOS . If I 'm going to use an online , monolingual dictionary , I usually turn to Wiktionary or the Oxford Dictionary Online . Wiktionary in French , for example , is particularly good , largely because many articles are originally extracted from le Dictionnaire de l'Académie française .
While Alfred will allow you to search Apple 's built-in dictionaries with the keyword “ define ” , you may want to add Wiktionary shortcuts instead ( or even to other dictionaries ! ) .
If you want to add my custom Wiktionary searches , just follow the same process as for the Linguee searches with my custom Wiktionary searches .
In fact , if you want to add your own , the process is incredibly simple . Copy one of the URLs below and look for the language code that Wiktionary uses ( for French , it 's FR ) . Replace the two letters for the language code in the URL with the language you want , update the title and keyword to whatever you like , and you can search Wiktionary in whatever language you like !
My Custom Dictionary Searches
French Wiktionary
alfred : //customsearch/Wiktionnaire/wiktionaryfr/utf8/_/https % 3A % 2F % 2Ffr.wiktionary.org % 2Fwiki % 2F % 7Bquery % 7D
English Wiktionary
alfred : //customsearch/Wiktionary/wiktionaryen/utf8/_/https % 3A % 2F % 2Fen.wiktionary.org % 2Fwiki % 2F % 7Bquery % 7D
English Oxford Dictionary Online
alfred : //customsearch/Oxford % 20Dictionary % 20Online % 20EN/oxforden/utf8/-/http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.oxforddictionaries.com % 2Fdefinition % 2Fenglish % 2F % 7Bquery % 7D % 3Ft % 3D1
Conclusion
The possibilities for custom searches with Alfred are incredible . Not only can you perform simple searches with Google , like the ones I 've described above , but also advanced Google searches , using search operators and limiting your searches to specific sites , languages or countries .
Using the Powerpack addon , which costs £17 for a single-user , two-computer licence , you can have a “ clipboard history ” , use pre-defined text snippets ( if you use certain set expressions very frequently ) and add “ workflows ” that allow you to perform multiple searches simultaneously . And for the truly tech-savvy , the Alfred Powerpack will also let you execute shell commands and scripts in a variety of languages ( including AppleScript , Bash , PHP , Ruby , Perl and Python ) .
If you found this post helpful , let me know in the comments ! I 'd love to hear what you have to think , especially if you find my custom searches useful or have suggestions on how to improve them . Do you use another search engine all the time and are n't sure how to add it to Alfred ? Let me know and I 'll see if I can figure it out for you !
Sources and Additional Information
First 5 Minutes with Alfred
How Alfred Changed ( Ruined ? ) My Life
5 Tips on Searching the Web Efficiently with Alfred
http : //stptrans.com/google-for-translators/
There 's a first time for everything .
With world-renowned Israeli violinist Itzhak Perlman set to take center stage at Barclays Center for a February 28th concert , The Huffington Post reports that the arena has crafted a plan to allow separate seating for the Jewish men and women who find it customary to do so .
There will be a section of divided-aisle seating which will cost $ 50 per seat . The rest of the arena seating is open to anyone else .
It is believed that this separation will be the first of its kind in all major sports and entertainment venues . Jewish Barclays Center majority owner and developer Bruce Ratner said that to their knowledge , the anticipated arrangement was a first .
“ Being in Brooklyn and being an arena that caters to such diversity , the opportunity to do things different than elsewhere is enormous , ” Ratner told The Huffington Post . Ratner , who is Jewish and a fan of liturgical music , said marketing to the strictly observant is worth a try . They said they will soon discover whether the demographic is “ too niched . ”
With the enormous Jewish population that calls Brooklyn home , the apparent seating arrangement that the arena plans to implement can only help future relations between Barclays Center and the large market of Jewish consumers .
Post Full Stack World – What Happens Now ?
Around 2011-2014 , the idea of a full stack JavaScript developer became mainstream . Browsers became more standardized , hybrid native app frameworks , like Cordova , grew in sophistication .
Then Node.js continued to grow in popularity . We could work on independent small JavaScript projects . Each project had its own client , server , and database .
Yet , there were three main factors that slowed the pace of the rise of full stack JavaScript :
Increasing fragmentation in the client-side JavaScript space , and
Continued superiority of native mobile apps over hybrid mobile apps , and
The power of specialization
What 's Next with Express ?
Now , that promise of a single unified client is no longer an imminent possibility .
APIs , REST or otherwise , are more pivotal than ever for unifying disparate clients .
Node.js has a powerful concurrency model , along with a prolific npm and Express ecosystem . So these factors make Express the ideal tool to build your next API .
Should n't We All Just Be Using Firebase ?
First of all , there was a time when AngularFire meant the end of backend development . Firebase 's client library maintained a socket connection to a realtime database .
Also , AngularFire integrated with Angular 1 's dirty checking . You know what else ? It also synced your changes in JavaScript to the realtime database with no work on your part . So , you just write some HTML and you 're done .
Additionally , you add in over-the-air updates with Ionic 1 and you had a mobile app too . That 's some magic , right ?
app.controller ( 'MyController ' , function ( $ scope , $ firebaseObject ) { var ref = firebase.database ( ) .ref ( ) ; $ scope.data = $ firebaseObject ( ref ) ; } ) ; < div controller= `` MyController '' > < h1 > { { data.title } } < /h1 > < /div >
Now what ?
Unfortunately , it also became clear that Angular 1 was difficult to optimize and extend beyond building simple forms . Furthermore , Cordova is proving to have similar issues . Not to mention that some sophisticated clients require developers to specialize .
So let 's assume you need disparate clients like an iOS app , an Android app , an Electron desktop app , and a web client and you need a centralized logic layer .
In case you are wondering why – if you use a realtime database directly and your Android app 's logic does n't keep up with your iOS app 's logic , you 've got a problem .
In order to find a good solution , it 's time to bring on the APIs .
What Should APIs Do ?
KeenIO summed it up best when they said APIs “ boil complex processes down to simple commands that magically do lots of work for you . ”
Additionally , like Browserling put it , an API is like a Kraken that lurks under the surface of your apps and ties together logic and data sources so your apps do n't have to .
In order to help you get started , here are a few examples of tasks , with code snippets , that APIs should take care of for their clients .
Security
In case you missed the memo , clients are insecure . Recently , I was reminded of this when I booked a blocked-off slot for car maintenance . Because the dealer 's site relied on Angular 1 form validation resulting in the fact that the slot I chose was not verified as “ available ” on their server .
How can developers solve issues like this and prevent bad user experiences ?
Express middleware makes it easy to define security rules for a group of routes without repeating yourself . Also , the express-jwt library makes it easy to set up JSON Web Token authentication and you can write middleware to define your own custom rules .
const app = require ( 'express ' ) ( ) ; const bodyParser = require ( 'body-parser ' ) ; const jwt = require ( 'express-jwt ' ) ( { secret : 'my secret key ' } ) ; // Now all HTTP endpoints that start with ` /admin ` and ` /user ` // require JWT authentication app.use ( '/admin ' , jwt ) ; app.use ( '/user ' , jwt ) ; // Add an additional layer of security to ` /admin ` endpoints to // make sure only admin users reach it app.use ( '/admin ' , function ( req , res , next ) { // ` express-jwt ` sets ` req.user ` for you . Conceptually , jwt 's // encrypt the JSON representation of the user using the secret key . // In other words , your access token for the API is your encrypted // user data ! if ( ! req.user.isAdmin ) { return res.status ( 401 ) .json ( { err : 'Must be admin ! ' } ) ; } return next ( ) ; } ) ;
Concurrency and Locking with Express Middleware
Importantly , Node.js is non-blocking and there 's no standard Node.js notion of a “ lock ” ( as opposed to languages like Java ) In addition , when you have multiple servers on different machines , the standard in-memory locks you might remember from undergrad systems programming are not very useful .
Let 's face it – managing distributed locking across different clients is a nightmare . But you need distributed locking , so what to do ?
For example , Express middleware makes it easy to lock a resource for a certain group of endpoints and locking a user every time the client hits an endpoint that updates a user . So you might have separate endpoints like updateAdmin for doing special types of updates .
As a good rule of thumb , you 'd like to lock the user every time someone hits a PUT endpoint under /user .
MongoDB to the rescue !
In order to help get you started , here 's an example using MongoDB as the store for the distributed lock .
const { MongoClient } = require ( 'mongodb ' ) ; const app = require ( 'express ' ) ( ) ; const bodyParser = require ( 'body-parser ' ) ; async function run ( ) { const db = await MongoClient.connect ( 'mongodb : //localhost:27017/test ' ) ; app.put ( '/user/ : id/ * ' , async function ( req , res , next ) { // If we successfully upserted , that means we acquired the lock . Otherwise , // means the resource is already locked const result = await db.collection ( 'Lock ' ) .findOneAndUpdate ( { resource : 'User ' , id : req.params.id } , { $ setOnInsert : { createdAt : new Date ( ) } } , { upsert : true , returnOriginal : false } ) ; if ( ! result.lastErrorObject.updatedExisting ) { // Acquired the lock ! res.on ( 'finish ' , ( ) = > { // Release the lock by deleting the lock document when the request // handler is done db.collection ( 'Lock ' ) .deleteOne ( { _id : result.value._id } ) ; } ) ; return next ( ) ; } res.status ( 409 ) .json ( { error : ` Resource $ { req.params.id } locked ` } ) ; } ) ; app.put ( '/user/ : id/updateAdmin ' , function ( req , res ) { res.json ( { ok : 1 } ) ; } ) ; app.put ( '/user/ : id/update ' , function ( req , res ) { res.json ( { ok : 1 } ) ; } ) ; app.listen ( 3000 ) ; } run ( ) .catch ( error = > console.error ( error.stack ) ) ;
Data Validation
Since data formats change fast , and apps ca n't keep up unless you force upgrade your users regularly . Because JavaScript is a dynamically typed language , the JavaScript community has a myriad of well-adopted type casting and data validation libraries , including mongoose , joi , ajv , and others .
In addition to the benefits of JavaScript , Express error handling middleware can help you out by enabling you to handle data validation errors in a standard way across your application .
const Joi = require ( 'joi ' ) ; const { MongoClient } = require ( 'mongodb ' ) ; const app = require ( 'express ' ) ( ) ; const bodyParser = require ( 'body-parser ' ) ; async function run ( ) { const db = await MongoClient.connect ( 'mongodb : //localhost:27017/test ' ) ; // ` schema ` lets you validate that objects match the given schema const schema = Joi.object ( ) .keys ( { email : Joi.string ( ) .required ( ) .regex ( /^ [ email protected ] +\ .. + $ / ) , name : Joi.string ( ) .required ( ) } ) ; // Express body parser app.use ( bodyParser.json ( ) ) ; // Sample endpoint that inserts a user in the database if it is valid app.post ( '/user ' , async function ( req , res , next ) { const result = schema.validate ( req.body ) ; if ( result.error ) { return next ( result.error ) ; } await db.collection ( 'User ' ) .insertOne ( req.body ) ; return { user : req.body } ; } ) ; // Express error handling middleware . Will execute if an error was passed to // ` next ( ) ` . When you add more endpoints , they will still have the same // way of reporting errors . app.use ( async function ( err , req , res , next ) { if ( err.isJoi ) { return res.status ( 400 ) .json ( { err : err.message , details : err.details } ) ; } next ( err ) ; } ) ; // Catch-all error handler app.use ( function ( err , req , res , next ) { return res.status ( 500 ) .json ( { err : err.message } ) ; } ) ; app.listen ( 3000 ) ; } run ( ) .catch ( error = > console .error ( error.stack ) ) ;
Interfacing With Externally Facing APIs
For both security and maintainability , APIs should be responsible for most interactions between your software and external APIs .
Also , leveraging external APIs is difficult and error prone , having a centralized layer for communicating with external APIs and reporting errors is critical .
So , keeping potentially sensitive API keys out of the hands of insecure clients is also important .
Error Handling with Express
If you 're interested in error handling , Express could also be a good option due to Express error handling middleware .
Express makes it easy to handle errors from external APIs in a standardized way . This is true as long as the errors are reported through next ( ) .
Check out an example of error handling middleware for the Twilio API .
const Twilio = require ( 'twilio ' ) ; const app = require ( 'express ' ) ( ) ; const twilio = new Twilio ( process.env.TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID , process.env.TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN ) ; async function run ( ) { app.post ( '/sms ' , async function ( req , res , next ) { try { await twilio.messages.create ( { body : 'Hello ' , // From number is invalid , this will cause an error from : '+12015550123 ' , to : '+5555555555 ' } ) ; } catch ( error ) { // Mark this error as a Twilio error , because the Twilio API does n't // have a canonical error class error.isTwilio = true ; return next ( error ) ; } res.json ( { ok : 1 } ) ; } ) ; // Express error handler for handling twilio errors app.use ( function ( err , req , res , next ) { if ( err.isTwilio ) { // Handle Twilio errors from all endpoints return res.status ( err.status ) .json ( { err : ` Twilio error : $ { err.message } ` } ) ; } next ( err ) ; } ) ; // Catch-all error handler app.use ( function ( err , req , res , next ) { return res.status ( 500 ) .json ( { err : err.message } ) ; } ) ; app.listen ( 3000 ) ; } run ( ) .catch ( error = > console .error ( error.stack ) ) ;
Moving Along
Since clients are increasingly specialized , APIs are becoming increasingly important . APIs provide consistency across different clients .
The 2013 dream of a single unified JavaScript client for mobile , browser , and desktop is not feasible for most companies .
Due to the prolific npm ecosystem , Node.js ' elegant concurrency model , and code sharing with browser , Electron , and React Native , a Node.js API written in Express is still the way to go .
We 've got a housing crisis in our biggest city , we are falling short of our flagship economic promise , the Reserve Bank is stuck between the devil and the deep blue sea on monetary policy and , oh yes , I repeatedly pulled a waiter 's ponytail .
After more than a week of attention focused on their frankly weird behaviour in that Parnell cafe , Key must be yearning for the day when the spotlight will shift to some of the Government 's intractable economic problems .
They would have known when the scandal broke that it had the kind of human-level interest plus the personal suggestion of character fault ( think Tuku Morgan 's expensive underpants , Helen Clark 's `` painting '' or Aaron Gilmore 's Hanmer meltdown ) that would give the story legs .
Their flight from Auckland to Istanbul , knowing the furore that would be breaking at home , must have felt like an eternity . They would have - or should have - known that after all the crises they have managed over the last seven years ( and mostly to public applause ) this one stood out . It was not about an errant minister or backbencher nor a department or public sector mandarin acting beyond the pale .
This went to their character and credibility , and it has become an indelible part of their biography . But more tellingly , it also carries its own symbolism .
Morgan 's supposed extravagance stood as proxy for the Bolger Government 's concession to NZ First 's Maori MPs . Clark signing a painting they did n't paint and their speeding motorcade came to represent a growing arrogance . Will this be the moment that epitomises a government that thinks it can get away with anything on the basis of one man 's popularity ?
Sure , so far Key 's administration has appeared bulletproof . Just this year it has come under fire over `` corporate welfare '' from allies on the Right while the Left has become increasingly shrill over a grab-bag of issues , but its stellar poll ratings just kept trucking on .
But make no mistake , this is hurting Key . They have been happy to be the butt of jokes when they are their own - self-deprecation is an attractive trait for a Kiwi politician . But it is not so easy to take when people are laughing at you , not with you , and your public embarrassment goes international .
The Opposition has tried to keep it alive with questions in the House . Labour deputy leader Annette King reached for Key 's own advice to their incoming third government : Was they being arrogant , veering off into space or simply being totally inappropriate ? Key 's deputy Bill English went for `` totally inappropriate '' .
By Wednesday the Opposition had decided to pull back during question time , although they are likely to have another swing next week when Key is back in the House . But it is extraneous effort . A large section of the public are laughing at them already .
Like most of us , Key likes to be liked - only more so . They might at some unconscious level have felt , given their `` celebrity '' status , that Amanda Bailey would have enjoyed the attention ; could tell their mates `` hey the prime minister is a regular in our cafe and has a running gag with me where they pull my hair '' .
Except on all the evidence they made it clear they did n't and they not only did n't pick up the signals but decided to shoulder past them in an appalling error of judgment .
Amid a welter of selfies , and an election campaign that defied the dirty laundry aired in public , it is easy to see why they and their Government have come to believe their own infallibility . When confidence is justified by consistently high polling it is easy to miss the signs of your own over-confidence .
And there have been indications aplenty of that in the few short months since the election , including an increasing cavalier attitude to media questioning and public debate .
A surplus this year has gone from a touchstone of the Government 's economic performance to an artificial target akin to landing a 747 on a pin head . The public have no right to know the details of when troops leave for Iraq , even when the Australians reveal it for all to see . A promise of more spending in Northland becomes a casual `` maybe '' once the bridge building promise backfires . Transport Minister Simon Bridges seeking information from officials for what was a blatant political promise over the bridges was waved away and the Cabinet Manual dismissed as a mere guideline of correct procedure .
Using the GCSB to promote Trade Minister Tim Groser 's bid for the WTO job ? Nothing to see here . The public just do n't care .
The latest surveys suggest all of these , and the ponytail incidents , have not damaged National 's standing a jot .
In truth it is too soon to tell . These things tend to build until a dam breaks , rather than play out as a linear erosion of support .
Too often the media are accused of a crying wolf over so-called `` tipping points '' for a government .
But this past week has definitely been a tipping point for Key 's personal mana .
Lucca , Italy ( CNN ) US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has arrived in Moscow for crucial talks -- but without a game plan from key allies about how to deal with Russia 's backing for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
A meeting of G7 foreign ministers on Tuesday rejected a British plan to impose new sanctions on Syria and Russia in the wake of last week 's chemical attack that killed more than 80 people .
Britain had hoped the threat of sanctions would strengthen Tillerson 's hand in talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov .
But the G7foreign ministers chose instead to wait for the outcome of an international investigation into the attack on the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhoun last week , which prompted the US to launch a barrage of missiles on a Syrian airbase on Friday . Western nations blame the Assad regime for the attack .
Tillerson flew straight from the G7 meeting in Italy to Moscow , where they will become the first member of Trump 's cabinet to meet the Russian administration .
But the mood in Russia was bleak . `` It is obvious that Russian-American relations are going through the most difficult period since the end of the Cold War , '' the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday .
Here 's the background to Tillerson 's crucial trip to Moscow .
Syria dominates G7 meeting
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ( center ) and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson ( R ) at the G7 meeting in Italy
What happened at the G7 ? The regular meeting of foreign ministers from the G7 industrialized nations was dominated by the Syria crisis . In the wake of last week 's chemcial attack , British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson spearheaded a plan to impose targeted sanctions against Syrian and Russian military figures . The UK wanted to give Tillerson leverage in presenting an ultimatum to Moscow -- back away from Assad or face further penalties .
Who opposed the plan ? Other members of the G7 appear to have been lukewarm on the plan . `` There is no consensus on additional new sanctions , '' the Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said , adding that sanctions would be counterproductive . Alfano said sanctions risked isolating Moscow : `` We must have a dialogue with Russia and we must not push Russia into a corner , '' they said .
What does the outcome mean ? Tillerson , who had no experience of international diplomacy before being appointed Secretary of State , is facing a situation that would test the most seasoned of diplomats , heading to Moscow with only verbal messages of support from key allies . G7 ministers , in the face of conflicting signals on US policy towards Syria and Russia , appear to have chosen to postpone any big decision until after those talks . US President Donald Trump will attend NATO and G7 leaders ' summits in late May -- in effect , the diplomatic can has been kicked down the road until then .
Lack of clarity from US
What 's the US position ? The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on Syria and Russia .
But then came the chemical attack in Khan Sheikhoun , which prompted Trump -- who had hitherto shown no inclination to get involved in international conflicts -- to launch a missile bombardment on a Syrian airbase less than three days later . Russia is Syria 's main ally , and used the same airfield as a forward operating base .
Where does the US stand on Syria now ? The US position on Syria is still not clear . Trump has made no public statement on Syria since last week 's missile attack and there have been no press briefings at the Pentagon . White House press secretary Sean Spicer The US position on Syria is still not clear . Trump has made no public statement on Syria since last week 's missile attack and there have been no press briefings at the Pentagon . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said twice Monday that the Trump administration would respond if the Assad regime used barrel bombs against their own people , something that has been a regular occurrence in the six-year civil war . Aides later clarified that this `` did not signal a change in Administration policy . ''
US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley
What about the role of Assad ? US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley suggested regime change in Syria was inevitable . But Tillerson appeared more equivocal , saying on Sunday the US priority in Syria was the defeat of ISIS .
Tillerson appeared to harden their stance on Assad after the G7 meeting . Pressed by reporters , they said : `` In terms of the future of Bashar al-Assad , it is important to us that we undertake a political process that leads to the final conclusion of how Syria will be governed . It is our policy for a unified Syria that is governed by the people of Syria . I think it is clear to all of us that the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end , '' they said .
Message for Moscow
What 's happening in Moscow this week ? Tillerson will hold talks with Foreign Minister Lavrov on Wednesday . Early suggestions that they might meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin were dismissed when the Kremlin confirmed nothing was scheduled .
The omens are not good : before Tillerson 's plane was due to land in Moscow , emergency services were called to deal with a dumpster fire . Smoke billowed across the airfield . The strategy , telegraphed by the UK in advance , appears to be to persuade Moscow to drop its backing for Assad in the wake of worldwide revulsion at the chemical attack .
Smoke rises behind a runway just before US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrival in Moscow 's Vnukovo airport .
What does Russia think ? Moscow appears exasperated . When asked about accusations that the Syrian regime was behind last week 's chemical attack , Russian President Vladimir Putin responded : `` This is very tedious , this story . ''
What has Tillerson said ? Tillerson had strong words for Russia after the G7 meeting . They denounced Moscow 's `` failure '' to uphold commitments it made in 2013 to ensure the elimination of chemical weapons in Syria , and said it had not made enough progress in peace talks to end the six-year civil war .
They also laid down an ultimatum for Russia , saying that Moscow must think about whether to remain an ally with the Assad regime , the Iranians and Hezbollah .
`` Is that a long term alliance that serves Russia 's interests ? Or would Russia prefer to realign with the United States , with other Western countries and Middle East countries that are seeking to resolve the Syrian crisis ? ''
As members of two First Nations near Edmonton fight to find out how their chief and council are spending federal money , critics say the Liberal government 's decision to end penalties under the First Nations Financial Transparency Act leaves band members with few ways to hold leadership accountable .
Over the past month , CBC News has reported on the push at two reserves near Edmonton for greater accountability from their leaders .
One of those communities is Samson Cree Nation south of Edmonton where dozens marched to the band office last week calling for a forensic audit of chief and council .
Sherry Greene , who organized the rally , said they have spent months fighting for detailed financial information to ensure money is being properly spent in a community struggling with poverty , addiction and violence .
And while they understand the importance of Indigenous sovereignty , they said national legislation is needed to govern transparency because some First Nations leaders are not following the rules .
`` They get away with so much and the grassroots people are the ones suffering in the end , '' Greene said .
'No idea where the money is going '
Aaron Wudrick with the Canadian Taxpayers Federation said the Conservative government introduced the First Nations Financial Transparency Act so that average First Nations people can access financial information similar to other Canadians in regards to municipal , provincial and federal spending .
They said it was disappointing when the Liberal government stopped penalizing non-compliant bands .
Aaron Wudrick of the Canadian Taxpayer Federation said the First Nations Financial Transparency Act gave First Nations people access to financial information that is required from all levels of government . ( CBC ) `` It has given rise to situations precisely such as this and in other bands across the country where average people on the First Nations reserves that need money , that need services simply have no idea where the money is going , '' Wudrick said .
The law requires all 581 bands across Canada to release financial information or lose government funding .
But Indigenous leaders have called the legislation colonial in its approach and prejudicial , because it requires information about non-taxpayer-supported streams of income that is already provided to government . Publicizing it violates treaties and privacy under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms , they say .
Last December , Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett announced the government would reinstate funds that had been frozen and end penalties .
A spokesperson for the department of Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada ( INAC ) has said community members can ask for an audit of their leadership . On Monday , Greene told CBC the department is now looking into their audit request .
But Kamloops Conservative member of Parliament Cathy McLeod , their party 's critic for indigenous affairs , said `` that 's not good enough . ''
`` In this day and age band members deserve the same transparency that the rest of Canadians get from their politicians , '' they said .
In this day and age band members deserve the same transparency that the rest of Canadians get from their politicians - Cathy McLeod
`` It does n't do any good to have audits that sit in the basement of the department of Indian Affairs because they do n't know whether programs are being delivered or not . ''
McLeod said that legislation showed the vast majority of bands were doing a great job of managing finances , while also revealing who the exceptions were .
According to Wudrick , in 2014-15 , 97 per cent of the bands across Canada complied with the law . Only 15 bands did not file financial information .
So far for 2015-16 , a total of 156 bands have n't complied , but each week more do , they said .
Samson Cree has fulfilled requirements for the current year as well as previous ones .
'What is your recourse ? '
Some have suggested the Transparency Act is unnecessary because band members can go to court to force financial disclosure , as some members of Alexander First Nation have done .
'That 's not helpful to an ordinary citizen or an ordinary member of a First Nation to go to court , '' said Alan Freeman , a senior fellow at the University of Ottawa , pointing out many people ca n't afford to take legal action .
They said that in a community where the best jobs are likely at the band office , and leadership has a lot of says in day-to-day life , their power is extensive .
`` So if you ca n't go outside the community and find somebody who is going to help you ….what is your recourse ? , '' they asked .
Loretta Burnstick said the system is frustrating for those trying to access band financial information . ( Trevor Wilson ) CBC News put that question to the Assembly of First Nations , but the AFN did not provide a response .
`` This system is such a very frustrating system and I can understand why people give up , '' said Loretta Burnstick , a former chief financial officer at Alexander First Nation , where a forensic audit launched by the current elected leadership identified $ 2.1-million in unexplained payments to a former chief and administration .
Concerns go back and forth
`` If you have concerns about what you see here , you take those concerns to Indian Affairs . Indian Affairs says you have to go back to the chief and council .
`` You bring it back to chief and council it gets swept under the rug . You go to the RCMP , you 've got to have proof . So they spin our people around . ''
In a controversial move , Burnstick and others made the findings of the audit public . They are calling for a full forensic audit of past and current leadership , paid for by INAC , which chief and council have already approved .
A federal spokesperson told CBC News in a statement that `` details of an engagement process with First Nations to discuss new approaches are currently being arranged . ''
andrea.huncar @ cbc.ca @ andreahuncar
No Kurtka Sambo 2 DVD Set by Reilly Bodycomb
In the early 20th century the former Soviet Union sought to create a unified hand-to-hand combat system for their military . This new art was called Combat Sambo ( Боевое Самбо ) which is an acronym in Russian meaning `` Self Defense Without Weapons . ''
Since its inception , Sambo has evolved considerably . Including an internationally practiced wrestling-based sport , as well as a competitive version of the original combat art , Sambo is no longer relegated to just the military . Both of these sports are practiced with a jacket similar to a Judo-gi called a `` Kurtka . ''
In this two-disc set , Reilly Bodycomb ( Sambo Champion , Pro MMA Fighter , and Submission Grappler ) will show an adaptation of Sambo principles and techniques for the modern submission grappling environment . The method they employ is a natural evolution of the Combat Sambo techniques taught to them by Stephen Koepfer ( Combat Sambo Master of Sport , President of the American Sambo Association ) , who developed their teachings from principles taught to them by Alexander Barakov ( Sambo Master of Sport , former Soviet Navy Sambo instructor ) .
In the first volume of this two part set , Reilly Bodycomb goes over their approach to implementing takedowns , throws , and dynamic submissions in a no-gi grappling environment . Included in this download are the following techniques :
Foot Sweep and Ankle Pick Combinations to Leg Locks
Multiple Flying Triangle Variations
High Impact Throws Including Blast Doubles and Back Arches
Rolling and Sliding Leg Locks
Flying Scissor Takedowns
Competition Footage
76 Minutes
In the second volume of this two part set Reilly Bodycomb shows an intricate and concise details on applying and defending leg locks from the ground as well as armbar grip breaks and takedown counters . Subject matter includes :
Various Single Leg Takedown Counters
Toe Holds , Ankle Locks , Heel Hooks , and Kneebars
Techniques to Master Leg Control
Escapes for the Most Common Leg Locks
Armbar Grip Breaks
73 Minutues
Jaime Noguera
Por raro que hoy nos pueda parecer , el puesto de ‘ Groom of the Stool ‘ ( limpiaculos real , le llamaríamos nosotros ) fue , durante siglos y desde su instauración en el siglo XVI , uno de los más cotizados de la corte real inglesa . Suerte tenías si te tocaba un rey campechano y comedido , pero si era amante de las comidas abundantes y picantes , el trabajo podía ser un auténtico marrón .
Fue Enrique VII , según nos revela la página Historic UK , el primer monarca que sintió la necesidad de que alguien se encargase del mantenimiento y limpieza de su ano de sangre azul . Pronto el cargo adquirió importancia , dado que el mozo de las heces pasaba largos momentos de calidad en intimidad con el Rey asistiéndole a retirase sus pesados , complejos y caros ropajes para que pudiese hacer de vientre de forma relajada y decorosa .
El puesto requería andar todo el día entre toallas y cuencos o palanganas , acarreando la pesada silla de cagar por palacio , monitorizar la dieta y horarios de comidas del rey y organizar su agenda en base a los habitos de su tracto gastrointestinal . Nada fácil . Además era necesario tener cierta educación ( había que darle conversación al soberano en sus momentos de relax ) , así que se solía otorgar a el curro a jóvenes de la aristocracia . De hecho las familias que pretendían medrar ansiaban tener a uno de sus miembros al cargo de las posaderas más importantes del país . Si los chavales eran buenos trepas , sacaban una generosa paga , se les regalaba la ropa usada del monarca y podían hasta convertirse en secretarios personales del rey . Desconocemos si durante el proceso de selección se tenía en cuenta la suavidad de la piel de la palma de las manos del candidato , dado que el papel no abundaba .
Durante los cuatro siglos de existencia del puesto de limpiaculos del rey ( se abolió en 1901 bajo el reinado de Eduardo VII ) se han producido pocas incidencias destacables . Henry Norris , por ejemplo , fue ejecutado por orden de Enrique VIII tras ser acusado de prestar atención especial a los órganos sexuales de la reina Ana Bolena . ¿Complot político ? ¿Ataque de cuernitis aguda ? ¿Manos ásperas ? El ‘ rey loco ' Jorge III ( 1760-1820 ) usó durante su asiento en el trono nada menos que a nueve mozos limpiaojetes . Uno de ellos , John Stuart , llegó a ser Primer Ministro Británico , lo que demuestra que la creencia popular de que cuidar bien ciertos culos te puede ayudar a ascender , al menos en la política tiene una base real .
Con información de Historic UK , Mumpty Style , Hankering for History y Wikipedia .
Jaime Noguera te limpia el culo si le compras su novela ‘ España : Guerra Zombi ‘ .
¡Síguenos en Facetrambotic y en Twitterbotic !
Hay otros mundos , pero están en este :
– El fascinante ( ¿y bien pagado ? ) oficio de liar porros para las estrellas de la música
– Diez homenajes escultóricos que son peores que una puñalada trapera
– Llega la “ Barbie normal ” , con celulitis , acné y estrías
– Veinte urinarios delirantes para mear y no echar gota
– Diez juguetes para garantizar un futuro trauma a tu hijo
If you placed an order on ApplianceHelp.com the order is still valid and you can check on its status and make changes here on PartSelect.com . Click here for more details .
SoapBoxxer.com – The End to an Experiment in Social Networking
We have decided to shut down our social networking site , SoapBoxxer.com - it has been taken down and redirected here . Let me take a few moments to explain how SB came to be , what went right and what went wrong , and how we came to the decision that it was time to end the project .
An experiment in engagement
On March 6th , 2008 an email was sent within the team ...
I was thinking tonight about how users engage with content and what makes a site sticky . If you think about it often the best thing about a piece of content is not the content itself but the discussion that ensues . Amazon 's reviews , for example , are usually more interesting than the actual product , and the comments at Digg/Slashdot etc . are often more engaging than the story itself . What if you were able to create a site where the content was the discussion and the content by its nature incited debate ?
Now , we 're an ecommerce company , and so we constantly work to improve the site and the interaction rates of our customers . Unfortunately , appliance parts are n't always something that grab 's the user 's attention . We help thousands of people every day , but very few of them interact with the site in a social way . SoapBoxxer was an attempt to create something that really engages its users , to see if we could learn something about the way users want to interact with a site and with each other . Of course , if SoapBoxxer became the next Digg we would n't exactly complain. , /p >
The SoapBoxxer project also fit well into some work that our development team was doing – learning Ruby on Rails .
Developing SoapBoxxer in Ruby on Rails
We 're a Dot Net development shop , but we 're intrigued by the potential in rapid application development , and in RoR in particular . As an example of the speed at which you can develop in Rails we had the first version of SoapBoxxer out and in the wild on March 10th , just two business days after the conversation started .
We were able to pull together a mock-up of SB in such a short time because of Rails and because we cut a few corners . The initial version had no user accounts , no sessions , nothing . If the user took the time to refresh the page they could vote again ( many did ) .
Everyone who came to the page was greeted with an opinion and giant links that said “ Agree ” and “ Disagree ” . Once they registered their vote they could see the voting results and the comment section opened up so they could read the comments of others or add their own . They could also enter some text in the opinion box in the header and create their own opinion for others to vote on .
Still , the rudimentary system had some amazing results :
Visits : 1,972
Interactions ( votes , comments , new opinions ) : 3,000
Interaction Rate : 152 %
Votes : 2,730
Vote Rate : 138 %
Comments : 226
Comment Rate : 11.4 %
Opinions : 61
Opinion Rate : 3 %
We were really excited when these first numbers came in . It proved that if given the opportunity users would produce lots of great content – all you have to do is get out of their way by providing a simple way to do it .
From there , the site just sort of took off . We redeveloped it somewhat properly in RoR , launched it and allowed the users to make it into whatever they wanted . Along the way we learned a few things .
What we learned
Users will interact if it 's easy The world is full of thoughtful users with reasoned opinions The world is full of trolls , spammers , bigots and narrow-minded partisans The community will control spam if given the tools Every loophole will be exploited Social networks must grow to survive
Users will interact if it 's easy
Our first version of SoapBoxxer was completely stripped down – all it had was an opinion , agree and disagree links , and the option to add an opinion in the header . From the first 2,000 visitors to this simple version we had :
2,730 votes cast ( 1.37 / visit )
226 comments ( .113 / visit )
61 soapboxxes ( .031 / visit )
Eventually we got these interaction rates to a staggering level :
Vote 42.5 %
Comment 5.6 %
Create soapboxx 0.9 %
Join 1.7 %
So , 42.5 % of users who came to us through a site like StumbleUpon or from a friend 's email would vote . 1.7 % joined , even though there was no need to join in order to interact – they opted in to joining .
The world is full of thoughtful users with reasoned opinions
I , personally , was constantly amazed at the level of discourse at SoapBoxxer . My favorite soapboxx of all time was an early one – “ SoapBoxxer has changed my views on a lot of subjects through discussion ” . When we originally discussed the idea I secretly feared that it would end up as a platform for flame wars , but that was not the case . In fact , the majority of soapboxxers were surprisingly reasonable .
The world is full of trolls , spammers , bigots and narrow-minded partisans
I wo n't get into the details here ` , but you 'll have to trust me on this – some people like to ruin things for other people . I do n't know exactly why they want to do it , but they do . And I 'm not talking about tugging the pigtails of a girl they like so they 'll get noticed . No , there are people that will silently and anonymously attempt to destroy what other people are working on with no apparent gain . Any social network needs tools to control these people .
You can see that even though there was a fair bit of spam , there was far more wheat than chaff .
The community will control spam if given the tools
We gave users the ability to flag items as spam , and they used it effectively . We were concerned that there would be abuse but generally there was none ( eventually there was abuse , but only for manipulating authority ) . We contemplated allowing users to ban other users ( it would have come in handy , see above ) but decided it would turn SoapBoxxer into a police state . We did restrict spam flagging to users with a minimum authority , as we felt that the longer you 'd been around , the less likely you were to trash the place . It did seem to work .
Every loophole will be exploited
When we devised the authority system it was intended as a way for users to identify who was a helpful , long-term user , and who was just a random spammer . It immediately became a subject of great debate . Most people denied its importance , quietly worked at increasing theirs , then gloated when they displaced another SoapBoxxer . My favorite quote came soon after the introduction of authority : “ I just spent my entire evening/morning/lunch break on soapboxxer for this pointless 'authority ' ”
Eventually , users figured out that they best way to win authority was destroying the authority of others . Bots were written to grow authority or trash others . We were always open about what generated authority ( every action that affected anyone 's authority was quantified as you did it ) but still people were n't always happy and many conspiracy theorists debated the ins and outs of authority .
Social networks must grow to survive
This is not something that we necessarily “ learned ” but an important point that ca n't be ignored . We tried everything to grow SoapBoxxer . Early on ( the first spike in the chart ) we got onto Digg . Unfortunately , the site was n't able to handle the load and we went down . While we gained some new users before the failure ( and they were particularly likely to interact ) it just was n't enough . We were never able to get featured prominently on Digg again , despite several attempts – it seems you only get one kick at that cat .
We always felt that a social network must grow from the users , not from artificial means like getting on the Digg home page or from StumbleUpon . We focused on user invitations as a means for growing our network , and while we had some success it was never able to exceed attrition . What we found is that while Facebook is about interacting with your real-world friends online SoapBoxxer was about interacting with strangers in a new environment . An oft-repeated sentiment was that people would n't want their friends on SoapBoxxer because it would strip away their anonymity .
In the end , it has become clear that SoapBoxxer will not grow on its own . Certainly , it would never make any money - even if we added advertising the revenue would be insignificant . SoapBoxxer was an experiment , and like all experiments it must come to an end . To our dedicated users , thank you for your interest and good luck .
Yamaha 's European boss Eric de Seynes has made a stunning announcement at this year 's Suzuka 8 Hour race , admitting that it 's a priority of the Japanese factory to see Valentino Rossi return to the race for the first time since 2001 – and to potentially make it happen as soon as next year .
Rossi last raced at Suzuka in 2001 , taking victory alongside Colin Edwards for Honda – and swearing at the time never to return to the physically draining race at the height of the Japanese summer .
However , with the race set to celebrate it 's fortieth anniversary in 2017 – and with a new Honda Fireblade on the way to try and wrest the title back from Yamaha at their home race , the Dutchman admitted that they want to see Rossi on the machine .
“ This race is key in the racing calendar , and we would love to get Vale for the anniversary . It 's been already discussed , but we know it 's a project that we could match some day . Will we achieve it next year ? I do n't know . But I know for sure one day they will enjoy returning to Suzuka . ”
Posted : 03:07 PM ET
[ UPDATE : It appeared that Wikipedia was back online as of about 4:30 p.m . ET . ]
Wikipedia was offline Wednesday afternoon after an overheating problem at the online encyclopedia 's European data center .
Wikipedia 's technical blog said the site 's servers shut themselves down to avoid damage from the heat .
Administrators tried to shift traffic to a cluster of servers in Florida , but `` it turned out that this failover mechanism was now broken , causing the DNS resolution of Wikimedia sites to stop working globally , '' according to the blog .
`` This problem was quickly resolved , but unfortunately it may take up to an hour before access is restored for everyone , due to caching effects , '' the blog said .
Trying to access wikipedia.com and wikipedia.org at about 2:45 p.m . ET produced a navigation error message .
One post to Wikipedia 's technical blog , by a user named Jimmy , found some humor in the situation : `` And so we remember Thursday , March 25 , 2010 as the day every English speaking student failed their research papers . ''
Posted by : Doug Gross -- CNN.com producer
Filed under : Internet
A new edition of the German dictator 's text with thousands of explanatory notes will be sold at bookshops with an initial print run limited to about 4,000
Hitler 's Mein Kampf to be sold as annotated edition in Germany from January
For the first time since the second world war , Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf will be printed in Germany in January as an annotated edition , the institute publishing it has said .
The autobiographical text will return to the public domain at the start of the year and hit bookshops between 8 January and 11 January , said Andreas Wirsching , director of the Institute of Contemporary History ( IFZ ) in Munich .
The book , which adds context to the Nazi dictator 's hateful rant with some 3,500 annotations , will be published in two volumes totalling 1,948 pages and sold at €59 ( $ 62 ) , said Wirsching , who has been working on the project since 2009 .
Mein Kampf : strange tales of the world 's most dangerous book Read more
The first run of Hitler , Mein Kampf . A Critical Edition would be limited to 3,500 to 4,000 copies , they said .
Plans to publish the new version have been controversial and drawn fire especially from Jewish groups , who have argued the book is dangerous and should never be printed again .
But Wirsching said the re-publication of the text with expert commentary aimed to “ shatter the myth ” surrounding the book , which Hitler wrote in 1924 while languishing in prison after a failed coup .
Authorities in the southern state of Bavaria were handed the copyright by Allied forces after the second world war .
For seven decades , they have refused to allow it to be republished out of respect for victims of the Nazis and to prevent incitement of hatred .
But at the end of the year the copyright runs out , meaning Mein Kampf – or My Struggle – falls into the public domain on 1 January .
“ This is not just a source ” for the study of Nazi ideology , said the historian responsible for the project , Christian Hartmann . “ It is also a symbol and it is one of the last relics of the Third Reich . ”
The Canadian dollar fell from 97 cents US to below 89 cents US in the weeks following the Bank of Canada 's decision to shift its monetary policy stance away from a tightening bias . ( It has recently rebounded to hold steady at around 91 cents as I write . ) These developments have provided additional fodder for those pundits who are in the habit of offering their views about where the dollar should go and/or where it will go ( the two are separate issues ) . These views fill up media space , but they should n't be taken too seriously . The foreign exchange market is one where the “
holds : movements in exchange rates can not be predicted using publicly-available information .
If everyone really believed that the Canadian dollar will end up at ( say ) 85 US cents , then everyone would sell CAD at its current price to buy USD , wait for the price of USD to increase – which is the same thing as waiting for the CAD to depreciate – and then sell at the higher price . But if everyone does that , the CAD would be bid down to the point where it is no longer profitable : 85 cents . This is why you should take predictions about foreign exchange movements with a grain of salt : if you could actually predict them , the last thing you 'd do is tell anyone .
This does n't mean that exchange rate movements are completely random : some of the fluctuations can be ascribed to variations in the ‘ fundamentals ' . But what really drives these movements are the unexpected changes in the fundamentals . And unexpected changes are , by definition , unpredictable . The most reliable forecasting model is a random walk : the exchange rate next period is the current exchange rate plus a white noise error term . The best prediction for where the exchange rate is going is where it is now .
While we 're on the subject , here are why a couple of popular theories are wrong ( see also Mike Moffatt 's recent post ) :
Purchasing Power Parity ( PPP ) : According to this theory , the CAD will – or should – return to its PPP value . Roughly speaking , if the CAD-USD exchange rate is equal to its PPP , then both currencies have the same purchasing power in both countries . For example , if 85 USD has the same purchasing power in the US that 100 CAD has in Canada , then the CAD-USD PPP is 0.85 . The problem with this story is that it is entirely based on activity in the goods market , and that is not the only market that matters . In addition to purchasing Canadian-provided goods and services , the demand for CAD is also driven by the demand for CAD-denominated assets . If foreigners wish to increase their holdings , then there will be upward pressure on the Canadian dollar . There is no reason to think that these capital flows will or should cancel out exactly .
The current account deficit : The idea here is that the current account deficit is due to an insufficient demand for Canadian goods , and a depreciation will close the gap by making Canadian goods more competitive on world markets . But running a current account deficit is the same thing as running a capital account surplus : a positive new flow of foreign investment into Canada . An increase in foreign demand for Canadian assets will put upward pressure on the CAD and show up as a surplus in the capital account – which is the same thing as a current account deficit . It 's possible to tell a story in which a current account deficit is associated with a depreciation or an appreciation of the CAD , depending on which side of the national accounts you 're looking at .
In any case , there is no significant relationship between the current account balance and future movements in the exchange rate . This should n't be surprising , because if there were , it would have been arbitraged away . ( You get similar-looking results regardless of the length of the forecast horizon ) :
No-one knows where the Canadian dollar is going .
I emailed SWTOR about this and they suggested I post something here . I do n't know about everyone else but I am tired of my pointer getting lost in combat or unable to keep the same mob targeted until dead . I do n't know how many times I was n't able to fire an attack because my pointer was either on something other than my target because my target moves and so do my little helpers . I do n't know how many times I get `` target is not an enemy '' . I know Star Wars Galaxies had a similar targeting style with the cross hairs , but they also gave the option to hit Y and gave you the circular which locked onto the target until it was dead or you changed it . I would personally like to see this implemented into this game because it is annoying to lose a battle because your attacks are not firing .
WA Premier Colin Barnett rejects calls for breastfeeding in Parliament
Posted
WA Premier Colin Barnett has rejected calls for rules to be relaxed to allow MPs to breastfeed on the floor of Parliament , saying it is `` unnecessary '' for a mother to take a baby into the chamber .
Mr Barnett 's comments come after the newest WA Labor MP Laine McDonald used their inaugural speech to Parliament to call for standing orders to be overhauled so that young children can be brought into the chamber .
That would allow breastfeeding mothers , or other MPs caring for young children , to do so on the floor of the Parliament rather than needing to leave the chamber to do so , in a move Ms McDonald said would create a more family-friendly environment .
But Mr Barnett dismissed the need for change , saying their Government would always accommodate any MP from either side of politics who needed to feed a young child .
`` If that mother is not paired , we will always give an immediate pair so that mother can leave the chamber , look after a baby and return when they are finished , '' Mr Barnett said .
`` Everyone respects the mother and the child but not on the floor of the chamber , it is only for Members of Parliament and you do n't start to have babies and children in the Parliament .
`` All Members of Parliament have their offices within the Parliament where they have got privacy .
`` It is not , in my view , necessary for a mother to take a baby into the chamber . ''
The issue has also previously caused angst in Federal Parliament , where the rules were changed earlier this year to allow MPs caring for children to bring them into the chamber following several controversies .
Topics : state-parliament , breastfeeding , perth-6000
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain hopes a provisional U.S. ruling imposing tariffs on Canadian aerospace manufacturer Bombardier ( BBDb.TO ) will not be politically influenced when new evidence is considered , UK Business Secretary Greg Clark said on Tuesday .
Bombardier 's new Global 7000 business jet ( rear ) is seen parked next to a Learjet 75 during the National Business Aviation Association conference and expo at the Henderson Executive Airport in Henderson , Nevada , U.S. , October 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Becker
Clark said they were confident the British government could successfully fight the complaint , which was brought by Boeing ( BA.N ) and could cost jobs in the British province of Northern Ireland .
“ Following the initial determination , there is then a further call for evidence ... we look to the U.S. to make sure that this is a rigorous process and is not politically influenced , ” Clark told lawmakers .
The U.S. Commerce Department has raised proposed trade duties on Bombardier CSeries jets to nearly 300 percent , backing Boeing 's complaint that the Canadian company received illegal subsidies and dumped the planes at “ absurdly low ” prices .
The decision could effectively halt sales of Bombardier 's new plane to U.S. airlines by quadrupling the cost of the jets imported to the United States , although Clark said the jet did not directly compete with Boeing 's aircraft .
Clark said British Prime Minister Theresa May had twice discussed the dispute with U.S. President Donald Trump , and that several members of the British government had reinforced their “ serious concerns ” with the U.S. administration over the ruling .
They added Britain would discuss the ruling with the United States , Canada and the two companies in the coming days .
Bombardier is the largest manufacturing employer in Northern Ireland , and the decision to impose duties on the planes has put 4,200 jobs at risk .
But Britain is also a major base for Boeing . The company has recently begun constructing its first European parts manufacturing site in Sheffield , northern England , and Britain has warned that Boeing might miss out on future business over the row .
“ Boeing has a reputation in this country that was beginning to grow in a positive way , through the investment in Sheffield and elsewhere , ” Clark said .
“ To jeopardize that reputation and relationship by doing something that is completely unjustified is something that I do n't regard as being in the strategic interests of Boeing . ”
More than $ 3.3 million has been stolen as part of an elaborate scam that took advantage of bitcoin users seeking to claim their share of the newly created cryptocurrency bitcoin gold .
Perpetrated by the operators of a website called mybtgwallet.com , the scheme prompted users to submit their private keys or recovery seeds as a means to generate bitcoin gold wallets , as seen on an Internet Archive snapshot . Shortly after users did so , however , the cryptocurrency holdings in their wallets were sent to different addresses .
At least $ 30,000 in ethereum , $ 72,000 in litecoin , $ 107,000 in bitcoin gold and more than $ 3 million in bitcoin were confiscated , according to self-reported numbers verified by CoinDesk .
In an interview , victims blamed the association of the website with the official bitcoin gold project as a source of the effectiveness of the operation .
One of the victims , Mikel Martin , explained to CoinDesk :
“ I reached this site by following the link at [ the ] bitcoingold.org official website so I trusted it . Yesterday afternoon I noticed both my BTC and BTG stored in that wallet were gone . ”
Safety assurances ?
Before the thefts became apparent , the team behind bitcoin gold – an effort to create a new version of bitcoin that would restrict the types of hardware that can be used for mining – promoted mybtgwallet.com on their Twitter account , assuring users that it was safe to use on multiple occasions .
The person behind the service was , to an extent , ingratiated in the nascent BTG community , including its Slack channel . The website was developed by a user named John Dass , though it is unclear whether this is the developer 's actual name or a pseudonym .
Further , the Bitcoin Gold website also included a balance checking tool based on code that was shared on GitHub on their website for a brief period of time , though the window only asked for a wallet address and included a disclaimer that users should n't share private keys . The Bitcoin Gold team has clarified that the malicious code itself was never present on their official website .
Yet once the thefts became apparent , the news quickly spread .
An analysis of the site 's code by Reddit user Uejji four days ago found that the site stored the recovery keys , which were later sent to the site 's owner . The site claimed to be open-source , but all of the source code was changed on GitHub after the scam was initiated , said Torsten Sandor , a spokesperson for Exodus , a digital wallet whose users lost funds in the scam .
Some of the victims of the scam used this wallet , which allowed the company to put together how the scam operated for one of their users , they said .
“ The user gave their recovery seed to the site and their wallet emptied , ” they told CoinDesk , adding :
“ This only happened with bitcoin gold . It 's a very interesting fork … I think it 's extremely unfortunate that new investors , people who know little about crypto , started buying into it . ”
Scam response
Representatives from the bitcoin gold say they 're moving to figure out a remedy to the situation .
After first being made aware of the scam , the launched an internal investigation , according to spokesperson Edward Iskra . In a published statement , Bitcoin Gold developers said they were “ working with security experts to get to the bottom of this issue , ” but did not clarify who these experts were .
Iskra told CoinDesk that , initially , John Dass claimed innocence during this investigation .
“ The investigation increasingly indicated that the original developer , ‘ John Dass , ' was responsible for the fraud all along … They have dropped out of touch with us , as well , ” they said .
While Dass was in the bitcoin gold Slack channel with a “ developer ” tag , they were not a part of the project 's formal team , Iskra said .
There was “ no formal relationship at all . They did interact with our devs in the Slack regarding developing their open-source code [ and ] their web site , ” they told CoinDesk . “ The BTG Twitter account was simply supporting an individual in the community who was supporting BTG – that was their sole intent , at the time . ”
The Bitcoin Gold team will make a further announcement about their investigation within the next few days , Iskra said .
Mybtgwallet image via Nikhilesh De / CoinDesk ; Car with boot via Shutterstock
Correction : A previous version of this article inaccurately indicated that the fraudulent BTG wallet was embedded on their official website . This report has been updated for clarity .
Donald Trump attends the Celebrity Apprentice press conference at Jack Studios on Oct. 12 , 2012 , in New York City . Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images
In January 2015 , Donald Trump stood in front of an audience at the Television Critics Association winter press tour and told the assembled reporters that The Apprentice was TV 's No . 1 show . Though that had once been true , the franchise had long since fallen into disrepair , and Trump 's assertion met with , in the Hollywood Reporter 's phrase , “ muffled laughs. ” According to Dan Fienberg , who was there at the time on behalf of HitFix , reporters began to press Trump . * They clarified that The Apprentice was just the highest-rated show on Mondays . That was n't true , either , as Fienberg pointed out to Trump .
“ What if I told you , ” Fienberg recalls asking , “ you 're losing to Mike and Molly every week ? ”
Trump was flustered for a moment , then they shrugged . “ That 's just what I had heard , ” they said , per the Hollywood Reporter .
Remember this exchange : I assure you Trump does . It contains what I 'd propose is the secret of their campaign . If my theory is correct , it is as significant a moment in the cosmology of Trump 's bid for president as their filleting at the hands of President Obama at the infamous White House Correspondents ' dinner in 2011 .
Trump cares about ratings a lot . They care about ratings because the value of a thing , in their mind , is entirely a function of its ordinal positioning . He 's always talking numbers , one way or another . During one recent campaign stop , they counted up every reference that Hillary Clinton made to them in their Democratic National Convention address—22 in all . They also routinely talks polling data—mostly when the numbers are in their favor , but sometimes even when they 're not .
But no single metric matters more to them than television ratings—so much so that even polls are secondary for him . In an age of time-shifting and binge-watching , Trump 's fixation on ratings might seem old fashioned , and it is . But it 's also key to understanding how they think .
Trump 's fascination with Nielsen numbers is regularly evident on Twitter , where he 's posted dozens of messages both celebrating their own ability to pull in audiences and criticizing others who lack the same allure . “ I 'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight ! ” they boasted in 2013 , prior to a late-night appearance . Similarly , in 2015 , they sneered , “ I have been a guest on The View many times when it was [ a ] successful show . Now the show is dying for lack of ratings , ” at once convinced that they had attracted audiences and reluctant to attach themselves to a program no one was watching . Similarly , when they dropped out of a primary debate , they prophesized that it would be a disaster for Fox 's viewership . And though this proclivity predates their present campaign , it 's long served as a political metric for him , as it did when they mocked President Obama 's second inauguration for its “ record low ratings. ” ( Nielsen explained at the time that there was nothing unusual about the size of Obama 's TV audience , but Trump has never let a fact get in the way of their love for convenient figures . )
Twitter is an apt platform for Trump 's numerical interests , not least of all because the site 's like and retweet counters offer easily accessible metrics . What 's better than bragging about boosting John Dickerson 's Face the Nation audience ? Presumably , knowing that 1,300 of your fans shared that news with their followers . Still , they exhibit similar tendencies offline as well , as they did at a New Hampshire rally in 2015 when they seemed to attribute the first GOP primary debate 's 24 million viewers to their refusal to be politically correct . That claim was telling , indicative of Trump 's conviction that people tuned in for them and them alone , even if they did n't know what he 'd be saying .
Since then , he 's repeatedly shown that they think viewership numbers are a—perhaps even the—key marker of victory . After the conventions concluded , they thanked their supporters on Twitter , writing that “ Nielson [ sic ] Media Research final numbers ” indicated almost 4.5 million more people had tuned in for their speech than for Clinton 's . ( The difference was actually a less-significant 1.2 million viewers in Trump 's favor . ) Though subsequent polling would suggest that speech—and all the pomp surrounding it—had been disastrous for their campaign , edging out Clinton in this one domain was enough for them to take a victory lap . As they do elsewhere , Trump conflates ratings with reviews , and spectacle with the substance of the thing , effectively confusing cause and effect in the process .
The latest example of Trump 's mad pursuit of viewers arrives by way of their concern about general-election debate scheduling . On Twitter , Trump observed that two of the three debates had been scheduled against NFL games . That the sequence had been set by a bipartisan panel long before the NFL established its own calendar did n't stop them from suggesting foul play : Alluding to the DNC 's alleged manipulation of primary scheduling , they concluded , “ same as last time w/ Bernie , ” before going on to lie about having received a note of complaint from the NFL . Silly as the whole affair was , Trump 's surrogates quickly jumped on board , internalizing both the form and content of their complaint , with Newt Gingrich memorably proposing that the whole thing was “ rigged to help hide Hillary from the voters . ”
Scheduling 2 out of 3 presidential debates opposite NFLGames makes me think the commission is rigged to help hide Hillary from the voters — Newt Gingrich ( @ newtgingrich ) July 31 , 2016
Fabricated as it is , this supposed crisis brings together a handful of Trump 's pet preoccupations . Notably , it links their fixation on football masculinity—best embodied by their disastrous attempt to own a professional team of their own—to their proclivity for conspiracy theory . Above all else , though , it exemplifies their belief that what matters most is the number of eyeballs you can glue to a screen . Convinced that football will distract audience members who would otherwise happily watch them bloviate , Trump fears he 'll somehow lose prestige . It 's this anxious conviction that Gingrich—ordinarily an independent thinker , whatever their other faults—appears to have internalized , turning them into a ventriloquist 's dummy puppeted by Trump 's pursuit of numerical supremacy .
Fittingly , Trump seems to have developed their fixation on ratings while working on The Apprentice , a connection they acknowledged while keynoting a 2014 National Press Club luncheon . “ I learned a lot about ratings through The Apprentice . Your television audience disappears in the spring , ” they said to the diners , proposing that an event was only worth doing if you could get enough people to tune in . Fienberg confirms this insight , telling me , “ He was No . 1 on TV for a brief period , and that 's something they like to point to. ” In other words , The Apprentice was good for Trump because it offered them definitive , but temporary , evidence that they were the best .
Ultimately , though , The Apprentice is revealing in other ways as well , not least because it suggests Trump was more concerned with the perception of high ratings than the fact of a large audience . Business Insider reports that , in mid-2015 , Trump sent the publication PDFs of ratings data with handwritten annotations , trying to disprove assertions that their show 's audience had shrunk . Sensing a weakness , Mark Cuban has taken to needling Trump by pointing out that , ratings-wise , their own show Shark Tank shellacked The Apprentice .
Cuban was hardly the first to find this weak spot , though . Reflecting back on their Television Critics Association showdown , Fienberg told me , Trump was insistent in their denial of reality . “ He could n't get around the idea that this was a moderate success by limited expectations , ” they said , attributing Trump 's confusion to their inability to reconcile the present status of their series with the fact that it really had been temporarily at the top of the heap earlier in its run . Trump 's ongoing insistence , against all evidence to the contrary that their show was No . 1 , prompted laughter , Fienberg suggested , “ because they were holding to a myth that was being deconstructed in front of him . ”
Given that Trump , as BuzzFeed News ' McKay Coppins has memorably shown , sometimes seems to be driven by resentment alone , the chuckles of that audience must have sat poorly with him . Examples of Trump 's thin skin abound , including a snide note that Trump sent to Coppins shortly before the Republican National Convention , responding to a critical article from two years prior . For Coppins , however , the most important incident is surely the 2011 White House Correspondents ' dinner . Coppins writes that Trump—in attendance as a guest of the Washington Post— “ just sat there , stone-faced , stunned , simmering ” while the president hammered them “ with one punchline after another. ” Their humiliation that night fed the great furnace of resentment in the cellar of their being , leading inexorably—at least in this version of the Trump candidacy—to their first real run at the presidency .
But think back to the bemusement of those television critics . Obama had refused to take Trump seriously , calling them a fool in front of a national audience . That must have been a slap in the face , but it also elevated Trump by marking them as a man worthy of the president 's attention . The critics , on the other hand , were laughing at Trump 's claim to be the best , demolishing the phony empiricism of the fantasy that sits at the foundations of their self-image . How else could they respond ? They laughed at their ratings , so they went looking for a new way of getting ratings , the best ratings . From this perspective , Trump 's campaign looks like something other than a pursuit of power : It looks like an attempt to show up a gang of bemused reporters and prove that Trump still has the biggest show on television . Worse still ? They may be right .
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
Fox News anchor Chris Wallace cautioned their colleagues and the network 's viewers Sunday that President Trump 's latest attack on the media had gone too far .
“ Look , we 're big boys . We criticize presidents . They want to criticize us back , that 's fine , ” Wallace said Sunday morning on “ Fox & Friends. ” “ But when they said that the fake news media is not my enemy , it 's the enemy of the American people , I believe that crosses an important line . ”
The “ Fox & Friends ” anchors had shown a clip of Trump recounting that past presidents , including Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln , had fought with the press . They then asked Wallace whether Trump 's fraught relationship with the media was a big deal .
In response , Wallace told their colleagues that Jefferson had also once written the following : “ And were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers , or newspapers without a government , I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter . ”
Context was important , Wallace said . All presidents fight with the media , but Trump had taken it a step further in making them out to be “ the enemy , ” they added .
“ Yes , presidents have always had — and politicians have always had — problems with the press . They want good press . The press does n't always give it to them , ” Wallace said . “ But what Jefferson [ was saying ] is , despite all of our disputes , that to the functioning of a free and fair democracy , you must have an independent press . ”
Trump 's contentious relationship with the press has again been in the spotlight in recent days after the president repeatedly attacked the media as “ fake news ” in several tweets . In one widely shared tweet on Friday , Trump said the media was “ not my enemy ” but “ the enemy of the American People ! ”
In it , Trump tagged the New York Times , CNN and the broadcast news networks NBC , ABC and CBS . They did not mention Fox News , which has usually been exempted from their anger toward the media — a fact that Wallace acknowledged Sunday .
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . @ MSNBC & @ CNN are unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is great ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
“ We can take criticism , but to say we 're the enemy of the American people , it really crosses an important line , ” Wallace said .
On “ Fox & Friends , ” host Pete Hegseth countered that perhaps Trump was “ taking on the hidden bias ” of news outlets that “ tell you they 're unbiased . ”
“ Is there something there ? ” Hegseth asked Wallace . “ It 's not about the independent press ; it 's about the bias of the press . ”
Wallace replied : “ I think there 's absolutely something there , and if they had said that , you would n't have heard a peep out of me . Lord knows , Barack Obama criticized Fox News . If Donald Trump wants to criticize the New York Times , that 's fine . But it 's different from saying that we are an enemy of the American people . That 's a different thing . ”
Wallace finished with a word of warning to those watching who might agree with Trump because they happened to be a president who shared their views .
“ And I know there are a lot of [ Fox News ] listeners out there who are going to reflexively take Donald Trump 's side on this , ” they added . “ It 's a different thing when it 's a president — because if it 's a president you like trying to talk about the press being the enemy of the people , then it 's going to be a president you do n't like saying the same thing . And that 's very dangerous . ”
[ Enemy of the people : A history of use , from Nero and Hitler to Stalin and Mao ]
Wallace is the host of “ Fox News Sunday ” and was the moderator of the third presidential debate between Trump and Hillary Clinton .
Meanwhile , White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus also appeared on “ Fox News Sunday , ” where they and Wallace sparred over the president 's words .
Priebus defended Trump by saying that they were not talking about all news but about “ certain things that are happening in the news that just are n't honest . ”
Wallace pressed Priebus and argued that the president was not referring to individual stories .
“ You do n't get to tell us what to do any more than Barack Obama did , ” Wallace said after continued arguments with Priebus . “ Barack Obama whined about Fox News all the time , but I got to say , they never said that we were an enemy of the people . ”
Wallace is not the only high-profile figure to disagree with Trump 's declaration about the media . On Sunday , Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said they did not have any issues with the press and did not see the media as the enemy .
[ Donald Trump 's combative , grievance-filled news conference , annotated ]
In an interview on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that aired Sunday , Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) said making moves to shut down a free press was “ how dictators get started . ”
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and lawmakers of both political parties weigh in on President Trump 's Feb. 17 tweet calling several news outlets `` the enemy of the American People . '' ( Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post )
“ In other words , a consolidation of power , ” McCain told “ Meet the Press ” host Chuck Todd from Munich . “ When you look at history , the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press . And I 'm not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator . I 'm just saying we need to learn the lessons of history . ”
The 80-year-old senator told Todd that a free press was central to a functional democracy , even if news organizations ' stories challenged those being held accountable .
“ I hate the press . I hate you , especially , ” they said to Todd , who laughed . “ But the fact is , we need you . We need a free press . We must have it . It 's vital . ”
“ If you want to preserve democracy as we know it , you have to have a free and , many times , adversarial press , ” McCain added . “ And without it , I am afraid that we would lose so much of our individual liberties over time . That 's how dictators get started . ”
In the backlash to Trump 's tweet , # NotTheEnemy began trending , with people sharing stories about journalists who had dedicated their lives to — and , in some instances , paid the ultimate price for — reporting the news .
1 of 83 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at President Trump 's first 100 days View Photos The beginning of the president 's term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media . Caption The beginning of the president 's term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media . March 17 , 2017 President Donald Trump , first lady Melania Trump and their son , Barron , walk to Marine One at the White House en route to Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach , Fla. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Read more :
Donald Trump delivers a series of raw and personal attacks on the media in a news conference for the ages
‘ That 's how dictators get started ' : McCain criticizes Trump for calling media ‘ the enemy '
Defense Secretary Mattis disagrees with Trump , says they do not see media as the enemy
Look up the code F66.0 in the International Classification of Diseases ( ICD ) , the world 's most widely used diagnostic reference , and you 'll find sexual maturation disorder . That seemingly official psychological condition occurs when uncertainty about sexual orientation makes a person depressed or anxious , according to the ICD . Rooted in Freudian theory , which views homosexuality as merely an “ immature ” state of sexual development , a gay teenager could be labeled mentally ill under this category simply because they are grappling with conflicting or confusing sexual desires , notes Susan Cochran , an epidemiologist at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Today , it 's not clear that any such linear trajectory of sexual development exists , Cochran says . After reviewing decades of psychological and epidemiological studies on sexual orientation and mental health , they and others on a panel appointed by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) have recommended that F66.0 and four other homosexuality-related psychological disorders be stricken from the ICD .
“ It is not justifiable from a clinical , public health or research perspective for a diagnostic classification to be based on sexual orientation , ” the group wrote in a report released last month . All such classifications need to be eliminated from the ICD not only because they lack scientific basis or clinical utility , but also as a `` human rights issue , '' says Cochran , who led the working group .
The recommendations must undergo several reviews now , including a vote by ministers of health from more than 170 of the WHO countries . There is likely to be `` tremendous pushback '' from countries in which homosexuality is considered an illness or a crime , says epidemiologist Chris Beyrer of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , Maryland . The anti-homosexuality laws recently passed in Russia , Uganda , and Nigeria and others now being debated in other countries makes this `` precisely the right time for the WHO to stand up , take an evidence-based approach and say [ homosexuality ] is not a pathology , '' they say .
Every medical incident reported in the roughly 170 countries that belong to WHO gets an ICD code used for insurance billing , medical records , and epidemiological research . The WHO panels recommendation to eliminate all sexual orientation–related disorders in the ICD echoes changes that occurred in the United States decades ago , says psychiatrist Jack Drescher of New York Medical College in Valhalla , who was also on the WHO panel . In the 1970s , there was a “ big fight ” within the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) over whether homosexuality should be considered a mental illness , Drescher says .
Although APA removed the diagnosis from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) in 1973 , they replaced it with a new disorder called sexual orientation disturbance as a political compromise , they say . This was later changed to ego-dystonic homosexuality . The disorder referred to the anxiety or depression one might feel about being homosexual or the desire to change one 's sexual orientation . For example , if a woman found after 10 years of marriage to a man that they were attracted to women , they could be considered mentally ill .
The condition , still listed in the ICD , was “ created out of air , ” Drescher says . By 1987 , most clinicians who supported the diagnosis had left APA , enabling the organization to eliminate sexual orientation–related disorders altogether from the DSM , they say . Drescher , Cochran , and other scientists hope that a similar moment is coming for the ICD , which deleted homosexuality as a disorder in 1990 . “ It was surprising ” to discover how few studies have been published on the five remaining diagnostic categories over the past 20 years , Cochran says . In addition , the diagnoses “ have not generated a body of research , are not routinely reported to WHO by any Member State and are not used in WHO 's calculations of the global burden of disease , ” according to the report .
Based on this evidence , the working group recommends that physicians treat anxiety or depression in gay and bisexual people as they would in anyone else . As it now stands , the diagnoses can be misused to justify `` conversion '' treatments considered unethical by mental health professionals and can obscure `` very normal '' reactions to harassment and prejudice that gays encounter on a regular basis , Cochran says .
For their own part , Drescher does n't have much hope the panel 's recommendations will prompt changes in countries where gays are being persecuted . Drescher helped prepare a letter explaining the scientific understanding of homosexuality to Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni before the president signed an antigay bill into law . Yet Museveni simply put together their own group of scientists “ who reviewed our material and came to exactly the opposite conclusion , ” Drescher says . “ I do n't think [ science ] really matters in these witch hunts . ”
After Cochran 's group drafted its recommendations , WHO appointed a second panel of reviewers , including mental health researchers and physicians from countries where homosexuality is highly stigmatized or criminalized , such as Saudi Arabia and Russia . Of this group , “ none of the peer reviewers tried to make a case that these categories should be retained , ” says Geoffrey Reed , senior WHO project officer for the revision of the section of ICD dealing with mental and behavioral disorders .
One presenter to the working group from Iran did claim that the sexual orientation–related diagnoses protect gays from prison or execution by providing a medical explanation for their actions , Drescher says . After consulting with organizations that track such issues worldwide , however , the group could not find a single instance in which a gay person had used such a defense .
Now that the recommendations are out , WHO will perform extensive field tests in Mexico , Brazil , India , Lebanon , South Africa , and other countries to determine if the new criteria help clinicians make more accurate diagnoses , using case examples as well as real-life health settings , Reed says . The fact that the recommendations are grounded in data “ does n't automatically mean people will be persuaded , ” they acknowledge , but “ our job is to assemble the best evidence that we can . ”
* Correction , 7 July , 11:11 a.m. : This article has been corrected to reflect that in 1973 , APA replaced homosexuality with a new disorder called sexual orientation disturbance , which was later changed to ego-dystonic homosexuality .
'There are downsides to looking this pretty ' : Why women hate me for being beautiful
On a recent flight to New York , I was delighted when a flight attendantess came over and gave me a bottle of champagne .
‘ This is from the captain — they want to welcome you on board and hopes you have a great flight today , ' they explained .
You 're probably thinking ‘ what a lovely surprise ' . But while it was lovely , it was n't a surprise . At least , not for me .
'Good looking woman ' : But Samantha Brick says that their pleasing looks have been a mixed blessing , with many of their own sex becoming resentful , and have closed as many doors as they have opened
Throughout my adult life , I 've regularly had bottles of bubbly or wine sent to my restaurant table by men I do n't know . Once , a well-dressed chap bought my train ticket when I was standing behind them in the queue , while there was another occasion when a charming gentleman paid my fare as I stepped out of a cab in Paris .
Another time , as I was walking through London 's Portobello Road market , I was tapped on the shoulder and presented with a beautiful bunch of flowers . Even bar tenders frequently shoo my credit card away when I try to settle my bill .
And whenever I 've asked what I 've done to deserve such treatment , the donors of these gifts have always said the same thing : my pleasing appearance and pretty smile made their day .
While I 'm no Elle Macpherson , I 'm tall , slim , blonde and , so I 'm often told , a good-looking woman . I know how lucky I am . But there are downsides to being pretty — the main one being that other women hate me for no other reason than my lovely looks .
If you 're a woman reading this , I 'd hazard that you 've already formed your own opinion about me — and it wo n't be very flattering . For while many doors have been opened ( literally ) as a result of my looks , just as many have been metaphorically slammed in my face — and usually by my own sex .
I 'm not smug and I 'm no flirt , yet over the years I 've been dropped by countless friends who felt threatened if I was merely in the presence of their other halves . If their partners dared to actually talk to me , a sudden chill would descend on the room .
Taken : Samantha with their French husband Pascal Rubinat . Ten years their senior , they take great pride in hearing other men declare that she 's a beautiful woman and always tells them to laugh off bitchy comments
And it is not just jealous wives who have frozen me out of their lives . Insecure female bosses have also barred me from promotions at work .
And most poignantly of all , not one girlfriend has ever asked me to be them bridesmaid .
You 'd think we women would applaud each other for taking pride in our appearances .
I work at mine — I do n't drink or smoke , I work out , even when I do n't feel like it , and very rarely succumb to chocolate . Unfortunately women find nothing more annoying than someone else being the most attractive girl in a room .
Take last week , out walking the dogs a neighbour passed by in their car . I waved — they blatantly blanked me . Yet this is someone whose sons have stayed at my house , and who has been welcomed into my home on countless occasions .
I approached a mutual friend and discreetly enquired if I 'd made a faux pas . It seems the only crime I 've committed is not leaving the house with a bag over my head.She does n't like me , I discovered , because they view me as a threat . The friend pointed out they are shorter , heavier and older than me .
Blushing bride : Samantha on their wedding day , left , and right , at home with Pascal . They lament that not one of their girlfriends has ever asked them to be a bridesmaid - perhaps from fear of being overshadowed by their looks
And , according to our mutual friend , they are adamant that something could happen between their husband and me , ‘ were the right circumstances in place ' . Yet I 'm happily married , and have been for the past four years .
This is n't the first time such paranoia has gripped the women around me . In my early 20s , when I first started in television as a researcher , one female boss in their late 30s would regularly invite me over for dinner after a long day in the office .
I always accepted their invitation , as during office hours we got along famously . But one evening their partner was at home . We were all a couple of glasses of wine into the evening . Then they and I said we both liked the song we were listening to .
They laid into their bewildered partner for ‘ fancying ' me , then turned on me , calling me unrepeatable names before ridiculing me for dying my hair and wearing lipstick . I declined any further invitations .
Therapist Marisa Peer , author of self-help guide Ultimate Confidence , says that women have always measured themselves against each other by their looks rather than achievements — and it can make the lives of the good-looking very difficult .
‘ Many of my clients are models , yet people are always astounded when I explain they do n't have it easy , ' they say . If you are attractive other women think you lead a perfect life — which simply is n't true .
Hard work : Samantha takes pride in their appearance . They work out - even when they do n't feel like it - they do n't drink , they do n't smoke ... and rarely do they succumb to chocolate
‘ They do n't realise you are just as vulnerable as they are . It 's hard when everyone resents you for your looks . Men think “ what 's the point , she 's out of my league ” and do n't ask you out . And women do n't want to hang out with someone more attractive than they are . '
I certainly found that out the hard way , particularly in the office .
One contract I accepted was blighted by a jealous female boss . It was the height of summer and I 'd opted to wear knee length , cap-sleeved dresses . They were modest , yet pretty ; more Kate Middleton than Katie Price .
But my boss pulled me into their office and informed me my dress style was distracting their male employees . I did n't dare point out that there were other women in the office wearing similar attire .
Rather than argue , I worked out the rest of my contract wearing baggy , sombre-coloured trouser suits . It was clear that when you have a female boss , it 's best to let them shine , but when you have a male boss , it 's a different game : I have written in the Mail on how I have flirted to get ahead at work , something I 'm sure many women do .
Women , however , are far more problematic . With one phenomenally tricky boss , I eventually managed to carve out a positive working relationship . But a year in , their attitude towards me changed ; the deterioration began when they started to put on weight .
We were both employed by a big broadcasting company . One of our male UK chiefs recommended I take the company 's global leadership course , which meant doors would have opened for me around the world .
All I needed were two personal recommendations to be eligible . As everyone in the office agreed I was good at my job , I did n't think this would be a problem .
But while the male executive signed the paperwork without hesitation , my immediate boss refused to sign . When I asked their right-hand woman why , they pulled me to one side and explained that my boss was jealous of me .
Forced out : While Samantha has previously admitted to flirting to get ahead at work , they also say jealous female bosses have made some jobs so unbearable they have been forced to leave
Things between us rapidly deteriorated . Whenever I wore something new she 'd sneer at me in front of other colleagues that they were the star , not me .
Six months later I handed in my notice . Privately they begged me to stay , blaming the nasty comments on their hormones . They were in their early 40s and confided they were having marital problems . But by then I 'd had enough .
I find that older women are the most hostile to beautiful women — perhaps because they feel their own bloom fading . Because my husband is ten years older than me , their social circle is that bit older too .
As a Frenchman , they take great pride in hearing other men declare that I 'm a beautiful woman and always tells me to laugh off bitchy comments from other women .
' I find dinner parties and social gatherings fraught and if I ca n't wriggle out of them , then often dress down in jeans and a demure , albeit pretty , top '
Yet I dread the inevitable sarky comments . ‘ Here they come . We 're in the village hall yet Sam 's dressed for the Albert Hall , ' was one I recently overheard . As a result I find dinner parties and social gatherings fraught and if I ca n't wriggle out of them , then often dress down in jeans and a demure , albeit pretty , top .
But even these ploys do n't always work . Take last summer and a birthday party I attended with my husband . At one point the host , who was celebrating their 50th , decided they wanted a photo with all the women guests . Positioning us , the photographer suggested I stand immediately to their right for the shot .
Another woman I barely knew pushed me out of the way , shouting it was n't fair on all the other women if I was dominating the snap . I was devastated and burst into tears . On my own in the loos one woman privately consoled me — well out of ear-shot of them girlfriends .
So now I 'm 41 and probably one of very few women entering their fifth decade welcoming the decline of my looks . I ca n't wait for the wrinkles and the grey hair that will help me blend into the background .
This post may contain affiliate links . Please read my disclosure policy .
Dr. Pepper Crock Pot Pulled Pork is the perfect way to feed a crowd . This slow cooker pulled pork is easy , tender , delicious and everyone always loves it !
With just 5 minutes of prep , this recipe is perfect to add to the crock pot before heading off to work . You 'll come home to slow cooker full of tender juicy pulled pork perfect for sandwiches or topping Baked Potatoes or Mac and Cheese Casserole .
Crock Pot Pulled Pork is Easy and Versatile
This easy Crock Pot Pulled Pork is a family favorite that is super simple to put together ! Let the Slow Cooker do all of the work , and then pile this pulled pork on crusty buns and top with some fresh homemade coleslaw for a dish everyone raves over ! You can even use it for tacos . This slow cooker pulled pork is perfect for Sunday supper , tailgating or even for parties ( on slider buns ) or piled on top of baked sweet potatoes !
The best part about this dish is that it cooks in the slow cooker and is ready when you are , which means it 's easy to make . If you are serving a crowd , you can easily turn your slow cooker pulled pork on low to keep it warm until guests are ready to eat . We just set out a basket of rolls and a bowl of slaw and our guests can create their own sandwiches !
How to Make Pulled Pork in the Crock Pot
Line the bottom of the Crock Pot with sliced onion . Rub the pork roast with seasoning and add to the slow cooker . Pour Dr. Pepper ( or Rootbeer ) on top and let the Crock Pot work its magic . Once cooked , shred with 2 forks and stir back into the juices . Add additional BBQ sauce if needed and serve on crusty rolls !
How Long to Cook Pulled Pork in the Crock Pot
Cook on High 4-5 hours
Cook on Low 7-8 hours
If you 're a fan of slow cooker pulled pork , you 'll really love this recipe made with Dr. Pepper ! It 's amazing that just a few simple ingredients can create a dish that is so rich and delicious . For an alternative , you can try this crock pot pulled pork recipe with diet soda or root beer and it tastes just as amazing !
What Kind of Pork for Pulled Pork ?
You 're going to want a pork roast that is well marbled and has lots of fat and collagen . While many people use a tenderloin for pork roast , I find it too dry and tough and much prefer to roast a pork tenderloin until juicy ! The perfect cut of pork is a pork shoulder which goes by many other names . You may also see it labelled as :
Picnic Roast
Boston Butt
Blade Roast
Shoulder Butt
Pork Butt
What to Serve with Crock Pot Pulled Pork
Donald Trump has failed at everything their entire life and has n't done anything for the American public , a former Jeb Bush aide said Thursday .
During an appearance on CNN 's `` New Day , '' Tim Miller ripped Trump on several fronts .
`` Trump has n't been successful in anything , '' Miller said . `` I do n't know if your viewers have heard of the Tour de Trump or Trump Airlines or Trump Mortgages . Probably not because they all were miserable failures .
`` The only thing he 's done well is 'Celebrity Apprentice . ' ''
When CNN anchor Alisyn Camerota noted that Trump has `` made a lot of money , '' Miller continued the bashing .
`` I guess . They started with a lot of money and then he 's lost a lot of money . He 's gone bankrupt three times . Trump has never done anything for the public good . ''
Miller worked as the communication director for Bush 's presidential campaign during this election cycle . They said Trump , despite being a billionaire , has not opened their wallet for charity purposes .
`` He 's a billionaire . They give no money to charity , '' Miller said . `` All of us give more money to charity than they do . I 'm not anywhere near a billionaire . ''
Miller continued to pour on the insults , finishing their tirade by saying , `` He 's done nothing except for fail their whole life . ''
Trump 's charity has come under fire over allegations of not being generous enough and purchasing things like paintings of himself . They addressed some of those claims during Wednesday night 's presidential debate , saying they have given money to veterans ' groups using their foundation 's cash .
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of people packed on to St George 's Plateau as Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn brought their campaign to keep control of the party to Liverpool .
The embattled Labour leader faces a challenge to their leadership from Welsh MP Owen Smith but said Liverpool had brought out the largest crowds of supporters yet .
Despite rain at the outset of the rally massive crowds - one estimate put the numbers at between 7 - 10,000 - turned up cheering and carrying banners .
The crowds spilled out from the steps of St George 's Hall and Lime Street had to be closed .
Mr Corbyn had been preceded on stage by speeches from some Liverpool Labour councillors and was then introduced by Walton MP Steve Rotheram who joked that they have tried to get Mr Corbyn to “ button their shirt and straighten their tie ” and praised the leader 's integrity .
There was a huge cheer including some screaming as Mr Corbyn appeared on top of the modified former fire engine which acted as the stage for the event .
Their speech was also met with loud applause and cheers from the crowds as they called for a new style of politics - calling on people to “ reach out and support others ” .
They covered topics ranging from Hillsborough and Orgreave to the importance of a free NHS and students being left with massive debts .
And they called for a Labour party “ that works for all ” with improved investment in areas such as Merseyside .
Prior to the rally during an interview with the ECHO Mr Corbyn appeared unfazed by the challenge to their leadership and said they were enjoying the return to the city where exactly a year ago they filled the Adelphi Hotel .
They said : “ It was the biggest rally of the campaign up to that point . ”
They described being “ pushed on to the stage through the door from the kitchen - I 'd never entered a public meeting before via the kitchen , they even offered me something to eat ion the way through , and it was a great evening had a great spirit about it ” .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Corbyn said they though this support has “ grown a great deal ” and brushed aside criticisms that they would not unite the party and be a viable prime minister , saying people are “ looking for something different , that challenges the orthodoxy ” .
Asked about criticisms of their leadership and ability to lead Labour to a General Election victory they said : “ After this election is over we have got to come together and oppose what this government is doing , have an economic strategy that appeals to people and brings about greater equality . ”
They also said they hoped Labour MPs who have been “ hostile ” will be able to work together with him .
Govt reviews law to protect bank depositors against losses KARACHI : The government is reviewing a law drafted by the State Bank of Pakistan ( SBP ) to protect bank depositors against the losses in case of bankruptcy of a financial institution , a central bank 's top official said on Tuesday . “ Presently , the ministry of law is reviewing the proposed [ legislation ] before presenting [ it ] to the parliament . After enactment… the process for establishment of deposit protection corporation ( DPC ) will be initiated , ” said Abid Qamar , chief spokesperson at SBP . “ The SBP has formulated the draft legislation… to institute a deposit insurance regime in Pakistan for the protection of small depositors and ensuring financial stability in the country. ” Qamar said the corporation will safeguard the interest of the depositors “ by compensating them to the extent of protected amount the losses that may incur due to failure of a member institution/bank. ” They said a provision for the purpose has been included in the draft SBP act amendments . The national assembly passed “ The State Bank of Pakistan ( Amendment ) Bill 2015 ” in August this year . The SBP formulated the said draft legislation for the creation of deposit protection fund in 2008 . However , this law could not be presented before the parliament . Qamar said the corporation , a subsidiary of SBP , will charge a periodic premium from the member intuitions , which will be a regular source of the corporation 's income . “ After its incorporation , the DPC will decide the amount of insurance premium to be collected from member banks , the limit of deposit coverage , and criteria for deposit which all will be covered under the regulations to be issued by the corporation. ” All the scheduled commercial banks regulated by the SBP will be the members of the corporation . The protection of small depositors through strengthening financial stability has been on the central bank top priority for the past few years . Bankers said this law is a part of the regulator 's ongoing efforts to ensure sound central banking supervisory practices with regard to strengthen the financial system stability regime by implementing a formwork for resolving distressed banks and for supervising systemically important financial institutions . They said this is also in compliance with the implementation of Basel III on banking supervision framework and minimum capital requirement for banks . Improving crisis management , dealing with weak institutions and operationalising the deposit insurance scheme initiatives are the main objective of the recently launched SBP strategic plan ( 2016-2020 ) also known as SBP vision 2020 . A former central bank governor termed the latest development as positive . The ex-governor , however , said the central bank should come up with strong regulations to let the banks resilient . “ It means the banks will give a kind of assurance to the depositors that their cash in bank accounts is guaranteed , ” they said . Another banker said the people confidence on the State Bank is still intact . The banker said the recent KASB Bank 's crisis that left depositors in concerned about their deposits encouraged the central bank to introduce deposit guarantee scheme . BankIslami took over the major shareholdings in the distressed bank .
KARACHI : The government is reviewing a law drafted by the State Bank of Pakistan ( SBP ) to protect bank depositors against the losses in case of bankruptcy of a financial institution , a central bank 's top official said on Tuesday .
“ Presently , the ministry of law is reviewing the proposed [ legislation ] before presenting [ it ] to the parliament . After enactment… the process for establishment of deposit protection corporation ( DPC ) will be initiated , ” said Abid Qamar , chief spokesperson at SBP .
“ The SBP has formulated the draft legislation… to institute a deposit insurance regime in Pakistan for the protection of small depositors and ensuring financial stability in the country . ”
Qamar said the corporation will safeguard the interest of the depositors “ by compensating them to the extent of protected amount the losses that may incur due to failure of a member institution/bank . ”
They said a provision for the purpose has been included in the draft SBP act amendments . The national assembly passed “ The State Bank of Pakistan ( Amendment ) Bill 2015 ” in August this year .
The SBP formulated the said draft legislation for the creation of deposit protection fund in 2008 . However , this law could not be presented before the parliament .
Qamar said the corporation , a subsidiary of SBP , will charge a periodic premium from the member intuitions , which will be a regular source of the corporation 's income . “ After its incorporation , the DPC will decide the amount of insurance premium to be collected from member banks , the limit of deposit coverage , and criteria for deposit which all will be covered under the regulations to be issued by the corporation . ”
All the scheduled commercial banks regulated by the SBP will be the members of the corporation .
The protection of small depositors through strengthening financial stability has been on the central bank top priority for the past few years .
Bankers said this law is a part
of the regulator 's ongoing efforts to ensure sound central banking supervisory practices with regard to strengthen the financial system stability regime by implementing a formwork for resolving distressed banks and for supervising systemically important financial institutions .
They said this is also in compliance with the implementation of Basel III on banking supervision framework and minimum capital requirement for banks .
Improving crisis management , dealing with weak institutions and operationalising the deposit insurance scheme initiatives are the main objective of the recently launched SBP strategic plan ( 2016-2020 ) also known as SBP vision 2020 .
A former central bank governor termed the latest development as positive .
The ex-governor , however , said the central bank should come up with strong regulations to let the banks resilient .
“ It means the banks will give a kind of assurance to the depositors that their cash in bank accounts is guaranteed , ” they said .
Another banker said the people confidence on the State Bank is still intact .
The banker said the recent KASB Bank 's crisis that left depositors in concerned about their deposits encouraged the central bank to introduce deposit guarantee scheme . BankIslami took over the major shareholdings in the distressed bank .
The Washington Post headquarters in Washington , D.C . The paper 's report about purportedly pro-Russian propaganda sites implicated more than 200 sources from various points across a wide range of the political spectrum . ( Evan Vucci / AP )
Editor 's note : Glenn Greenwald 's and other journalists ' criticism ( below ) refers to a recent Washington Post article that suggested Truthdig and numerous other news outlets were propagandists for Russia . The Post 's story is based on unsubstantiated allegations by a shadowy organization . Truthdig never has and never would propagandize for anyone .
This article originally was published Nov. 27 .
A new McCarthyism has emerged in the wake of the contentious 2016 presidential election : Several independent thinkers and independent publications that criticize established power structures and policies have been accused of being pro-Russia propagandists .
What 's more , one anonymous source of these accusations has been given wide media exposure thanks to The Washington Post 's uncritical treatment and tacit stamp of legitimacy . On Thursday , Nov. 24 , Post reporter Craig Timberg published an article that relied heavily on the source , a vaguely defined organization promoting its claims via a sketchy website called PropOrNot .
But not everyone in the media was convinced . Over the weekend , The Intercept and other media sources , some that were named as propagandists , roundly criticized The Washington Post for running with the PropOrNot report .
The Intercept 's Lee Fang weighed in on Saturday , Nov. 26 :
Finally , a Washington Post story this week alleged a Russian government role in spreading fake news to help Trump . But its sources were not remotely credible . For instance , it cited a list that characterized as “ routine peddlers of Russian propaganda ” a number of well-established and well-respected websites including Truthdig , a site published by award-winning journalist and long-time Los Angeles Times columnist Robert Scheer , Naked Capitalism , and Truth Out .
Fang 's Intercept colleagues Glenn Greenwald and Ben Norton went into more detail in their own story posted the same day :
This Post report was one of the most widely circulated political news articles on social media over the last 48 hours , with dozens , perhaps hundreds , of U.S. journalists and pundits with large platforms hailing it as an earth-shattering exposé . It was the most-read piece on the entire Post website on Friday after it was published . Yet the article is rife with obviously reckless and unproven allegations , and fundamentally shaped by shoddy , slothful journalistic tactics . It was not surprising to learn that , as BuzzFeed 's Sheera Frenkel noted , “ a lot of reporters passed on this story. ” Its huge flaws are self-evident . But the Post gleefully ran with it and then promoted it aggressively , led by its Executive Editor Marty Baron : Russian propaganda effort helped spread fake news during election , say independent researchers https : //t.co/3ETVXWw16Q — Marty Baron ( @ PostBaron ) November 25 , 2016 In casting the group behind this website as “ experts , ” the Post described PropOrNot simply as “ a nonpartisan collection of researchers with foreign policy , military and technology backgrounds. ” Not one individual at the organization is named . The executive director is quoted , but only on the condition of anonymity , which the Post said it was providing the group “ to avoid being targeted by Russia 's legions of skilled hackers. ” In other words , the individuals behind this newly created group are publicly branding journalists and news outlets as tools of Russian propaganda—even calling on the FBI to investigate them for espionage—while cowardly hiding their own identities . The group promoted by the Post thus embodies the toxic essence of Joseph McCarthy , but without the courage to attach individual names to the blacklist . Echoing the Wisconsin senator , the group refers to its lengthy collection of sites spouting Russian propaganda as “ The List . ”
Here 's an excerpt from Timberg 's original Washington Post story :
PropOrNot 's monitoring report , which was provided to The Washington Post in advance of its public release , identifies more than 200 websites as routine peddlers of Russian propaganda during the election season , with combined audiences of at least 15 million Americans . On Facebook , PropOrNot estimates that stories planted or promoted by the disinformation campaign were viewed more than 213 million times . Some players in this online echo chamber were knowingly part of the propaganda campaign , the researchers concluded , while others were “ useful idiots ” — a term born of the Cold War to describe people or institutions that unknowingly assisted Soviet Union propaganda efforts . … “ The way that this propaganda apparatus supported Trump was equivalent to some massive amount of a media buy , ” said the executive director of PropOrNot , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid being targeted by Russia 's legions of skilled hackers . “ It was like Russia was running a super PAC for Trump 's campaign . … It worked. ” They and other researchers expressed concern that the U.S. government has few tools for detecting or combating foreign propaganda . They expressed hope that their research detailing the power of Russian propaganda would spur official action .
Despite the seriousness of PropOrNot 's allegations , not to mention its call for “ official action , ” the organization 's motives , institutional affiliations and methodology were all left unaccounted for and uncontested in the Post 's article , even as Timberg repeated claims that effectively blacklisted more than 200 outlets . The targeted outlets on PropOrNot 's list — including Truthdig , Truthout , the Black Agenda Report , naked capitalism , along with the Ron Paul Institute , the Drudge Report , INFOWARS , Russia Today and WikiLeaks — represented a wide range of viewpoints and political positions .
How PropOrNot arrived at its conclusions is only vaguely described ; it used a couple of brief examples and a circuitous explanation that shuts down rebuttal by using subjective and one-sided criteria :
Please note that our criteria are behavioral . That means the characteristics of the propaganda outlets we identify are motivation-agnostic . For purposes of this definition it does not matter whether the sites listed here are being knowingly directed and paid by Russian intelligence officers , or whether they even knew they were echoing Russian propaganda at any particular point : If they meet these criteria , they are at the very least acting as bona-fide “ useful idiots ” of the Russian intelligence services , and are worthy of further scrutiny . We assess that this overall Russian effort is at least semi-centralized , with multiple Russian projects and influence operations working in parallel to manage the direct and outsourced production of propaganda across a wide range of outlets . It is data-driven , and rewards effective entrepreneurship and innovation with increased funding and other resources . There are varying degrees of involvement in it , and awareness of involvement . Some people involved seem genuinely unaware that they are being used by Russia to produce propaganda , but many others seem to know full well .
The Post 's story was unquestioningly referenced in pickups by other mainstream outlets such as USA Today and The Daily Beast . Comment threads on Reddit and Daily Kos lit up with discussion about the Post piece , and social media users spread the word by sharing links on Twitter and Facebook .
But Norton and Greenwald pointed out another detail that Timberg , as well as the other sites that picked up their story , had apparently missed : Several “ allies ” listed on PropOrNot 's site said they had had no contact with the organization , or even knowledge of it prior to the release of the Post 's story :
. @ ggreenwald No-one I 've spoken to listed as “ allies ” on their site had even heard of them before the WP piece . — Eliot Higgins ( @ EliotHiggins ) November 25 , 2016
Greenwald , who noted that Timberg did not link to PropOrNot 's website in the Post 's story , called attention to PropOrNot 's Twitter account , which recently released these tweets :
Awww , wook at all the angwy Putinists , trying to change the subject – they 're so vewwy angwy ! ! It 's cute ? ? ? ? We do n't censor ; just highlight . — PropOrNot ID Service ( @ propornot ) November 26 , 2016
Fascists . Straight up muthafuckin ' fascists . That 's what we 're up against . Unwittingly or not , they work for Russia . https : //t.co/LBp2y19PTv — PropOrNot ID Service ( @ propornot ) November 22 , 2016
We 'll consider revealing our names when Russia reveals the names of those running its propaganda operations in the West ? ? ? ? — PropOrNot ID Service ( @ propornot ) November 25 , 2016
We just published a BETA ( very beta ) version of our Chrome plugin , which highlights domains we 've IDed : https : //t.co/FaGTOTJO2C — PropOrNot ID Service ( @ propornot ) November 25 , 2016
That last tweet describes a plug-in designed to alert users when they land on sites designated as “ propaganda ” by PropOrNot .
Greenwald also took to Twitter to denounce the Post 's report :
Big irony : the people who shared & praised this trash article without any critical eye are the same ones most loudly lamenting “ fake news ” https : //t.co/C6UvMqNjUU — Glenn Greenwald ( @ ggreenwald ) November 27 , 2016
An under-discussed phenomenon : those who most aggressively block transparency for themselves are often journalists https : //t.co/dpLIaZ2zve pic.twitter.com/O4n3tCkBk1 — Glenn Greenwald ( @ ggreenwald ) November 26 , 2016
WashPost did much good reporting this year , but Friday 's article smearing websites as Russian tools may be the most despicable of the year . https : //t.co/sAe1Yuobfe — Glenn Greenwald ( @ ggreenwald ) November 26 , 2016
They were joined by other members of the media who commented in 140 characters or fewer :
How fake news spreads : @ washingtonpost writes about fake news , citing fake website . Treated as fact in @ dailybeast https : //t.co/b9STqxFbnr pic.twitter.com/YEugSyyY6I — Andrew Perez ( @ andrewperezdc ) November 27 , 2016
Perhaps @ craigtimberg can let us know when will see this secret report that smeared left sites like @ truthout/ @ Truthdig as Russian fake news — Adam H. Johnson ( @ adamjohnsonNYC ) November 26 , 2016
This is straightforward libel . They put Naked Capitalism on a list of Russian controlled propaganda . Outrageous . https : //t.co/5Xq79MoZkH — Matt Stoller ( @ matthewstoller ) November 25 , 2016
@ trevortimm @ craigtimberg fwiw , a lot of reporters passed on this story . — Sheera Frenkel ( @ sheeraf ) November 25 , 2016
According to ProporNot , you 're a Russian propagandist if you 're critical of US policy or think military confrontation with RUS is dangerous pic.twitter.com/8kX538n6Nj — Trevor Timm ( @ trevortimm ) November 25 , 2016
Max Blumenthal on Friday , Nov. 25 , posted their analysis on AlterNet :
Despite the Washington Post 's charitable description of PropOrNot as a group of independent-minded researchers dedicated to protecting the integrity of American democracy , the shadowy group bears many of the qualities of the red enemies it claims to be battling . In addition to its blacklist of Russian dupes , it lists a collection of outlets funded by the U.S. State Department , NATO and assorted tech and weapons companies as “ allies. ” PropOrNot 's methodology is so shabby it is able to peg widely read outlets like Naked Capitalism , a leading left-wing financial news blog , as Russian propaganda operations . … PropOrNot 's malicious agenda is clearly spelled out on its website . While denying McCarthyite intentions , the group is openly attempting to compel “ formal investigations by the U.S. government , because the kind of folks who make propaganda for brutal authoritarian oligarchies are often involved in a wide range of bad business. ” The group also seeks to brand major progressive politics sites ( and a number of prominent right-wing opinion outlets ) as “ ‘ gray ' fake-media propaganda outlets ” influenced or directly operated by Russia 's Federal Security Service ( FSB ) . It can then compel Facebook and Google to ban them , denying them the ad revenue they rely on to survive . Though PropOrNot 's hidden authors claim , “ we do not reach our conclusions lightly , ” the group 's methodology leaves more than enough room to smear an outlet on political grounds . Among the criteria PropOrNot identifies as clear signs of Russian propaganda are , “ Support for policies like Brexit , and the breakup of the EU and Eurozone ” and , “ Opposition to Ukrainian resistance to Russia and Syrian resistance to Assad. ” By these standards , any outlet that raises the alarm about the considerable presence of extreme right-wing elements among the post-Maidan Ukrainian government or that questions the Western- and Saudi-funded campaign for regime change in Syria can be designated a Russia dupe or a paid agent of the FSB . Indeed , while admitting that they have no idea whether any of the outlets they blacklisted are being paid by Russian intelligence or are even aware they are spreading Russian propaganda , PropOrNot 's authors concluded that any outlets that have met their highly politicized criteria “ have effectively become tools of the Russian intelligence services , and are worthy of further investigation . ”
Finally , the Ron Paul Institute commented Saturday , Nov. 26 , on being named by PropOrNot , and by extension by The Washington Post , as a mouthpiece for the Putin administration :
What you will not find on the PropOrNot website is any particularized analysis of why the RPI website , or any website for that matter , is included on the list . Instead , you will see only sweeping generalizations from an anonymous organization . The very popular website drudgereport.com even makes the list . While listed websites span the gamut of political ideas , they tend to share in common an independence from the mainstream media . Timberg 's article can be seen as yet another big media attempt to shift the blame for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton 's loss of the presidential election away from Clinton , their campaign , and the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) that undermined Sen Bernie Sanders ' ( I-VT ) challenge to Clinton in the Democratic primary . The article may also be seen as another step in the effort to deter people from looking to alternative sources of information by labeling those information sources as traitorous or near-traitorous .
Only the Post 's journalists know their own motives , but by running stories like this without proper vetting — and without including comment from blacklisted sources — they leave the rest of us to read between the lines . What we see spells trouble for press freedom at a crucial moment .
George W. Bush deserves a crumb of credit for the historic success of the same-sex marriage movement in the last half-decade .
By making a Constitutional amendment banning “ gay marriage ” a centerpiece of their 2004 re-election campaign , Bush helped America see that opposition to marriage equality was like most of their policies : a cowardly distraction .
Less than a decade later , even the most backward conservatives are beginning to recognize that proponents of same-sex marriage are blessed with unbeatable strategic advantages that have all been nurtured by a triumphant LGBT movement that will be studied , revered and imitated for generations .
The once well-funded opposition to gay rights sees more and more that it is n't in their economic interest to continue opposing the inevitable . It wo n't win them big elections as it did in 2004 , and the amount of money they can raise off people 's fear of change is dwindling every day .
Big oil will never give up on opposing climate science because their profits depend on it . If the NRA lets any gun safety legislation through , it hurts their credibility with the gun industry funders . But the growing consensus against a federal ban on same-sex marriage , even on the right , has religious conservatives recognizing that their money is better spent pursuing their agenda in red states , where they actually have a chance of winning .
A huge advantage for those on the side of equal marriage is that there is no actual rational argument against it .
Any opposition to letting LGBT couples marry is clearly grounded in religious bigotry , based on the same kind of selective reading of the Bible once employed by slaveowners and racists .
Few elected Republicans — except the likes of Louie Gohmert ( R-TX ) — are willing to make the ridiculously offensive argument that same-sex marriage will lead to polygamy , incest and bestiality . Now it 's mostly left to the pro-wrestling wing of the GOP — Dr. Ben Carson and Breitbarts-in-training like Ben Shapiro — to suggest that a legal contract between two consenting , non-related adults has perverse implications .
Arguing that including homosexuals in the rights of marriage will lead to moral decay makes as much sense as saying that heterosexual marriages will lead to underage marriage or bigamy . It only reveals that you think being gay is basically akin to criminal act , which is an argument that only openly bigoted people make , often with the help of neo-Nazi “ research . ”
“ Serious ” Republicans — like those who argued against equal marriage in the Supreme Court — are stuck with suggesting that marriage is essentially for childbirth and childrearing , thus restrictions can be applied to homosexuals ( but not barren or mature heterosexual couples , for some completely non-bigoted reason ) .
Of course , marriage being for childrearing is n't an argument against equal marriage , it 's an argument to let millions of gay parents marry .
115
0
0
0
10
125
The Raspberry Pi Foundation announced today the launch of the official Raspberry Pi 7″ Touchscreen Display . It is the first , and only , display to use the DSI ( Display Serial Interface ) port on the Raspberry Pi .
The display is on sale right now at a very attractive price : It 's only ​ $ 60 , or roughly £48 in the UK .
Here are a few key specs and features :
Uses the Display Serial Interface ( DSI ) connector .
It 's powered via 5V & GND off GPIO
The touchscreen display can run simultaneously with an HDMI monitor
The display is not a HAT ( Hardware Attached on Top )
It 's very easy to wire and set up
Connection method to Pi leaves all the GPIO exposed for other custom uses
Screen dimensions : 194mm × 110mm × 20mm ( including standoffs )
110mm 20mm ( including standoffs ) Viewable screen size : 155mm × 86mm
86mm Screen resolution 800 × 480 pixels
480 pixels 10-finger capacitive touch
Background
The new display comes out after years of speculation regarding when or if an official DSI-based screen would come out . Until now , nobody except the Pi Foundation could release a DSI-based screen , since developing the firmware to use the DSI connector pins on the Pi 's GPU ( Graphics Processing Unit ) required access to closed-source , low-level code and documentation that was n't part of the standard Pi open-source offerings ; the GPU was and is a closed Broadcom unit .
In technical jargon , such closed firmware is called a binary blob . And as is clear from the lack of DSI-based screens for the Pi , binary blobs completely restrict community based development and hamper 3rd-party innovation . Unfortunately , binary blobs are fairly common for embedded dev . boards to have and though it 's no real fault of the Foundation , the Pi user community has experienced the annoyances of these blobs since the Pi came out in 2012 .
But other manufacturers have tried to satisfy the community 's desire for a Raspberry Pi compatible display . Without access to the low-level GPU timing and instructions , though , designers have been forced to develop products that used either HDMI-based monitor panels or that were driven off of GPIO connector , a suboptimal configuration . With a DSI based solution , no GPIO are taken up and only three wires are required to connect between the Pi and the display adapter — the DSI ribbon cable ( with 15 wires , though not GPIO ) , and two jumper wires for power and ground .
And it 's about time for the Pi Foundation to light up the DSI — not just for its fans , but also for its pocketbook . Talking with Tech Crunch in October 2014 , Eben Upton , founder and CEO of the Raspberry Pi Foundation , estimated that putting the DSI on each Pi board cost the Foundation upwards of £400,000 — roughly $ 608,000 . That 's a lot of money to spend on a useless socket .
Kit Contents
So the long-awaited , well-priced , DSI-based Raspberry Pi Display solves several problems . And it 's a fairly complete solution . The kit includes more than just the display :
The 7″ touchscreen
Adapter board
DSI ribbon cable
4 stand-offs and screws
4 jumper wires
In other words , it comes with everything you need to get the display working , except for the the Raspberry Pi and wall wart . ( In hands-on testing , the Foundation 's power supply , rated at 5V 2A , drove the Raspberry Pi 2 Model B , Wi-Fi adapter , RF keyboard dongle , and the screen without any glitches . )
Hands-on
Before physically installing the screen on your Raspberry Pi , you need to update the firmware . With the Pi hooked up to a monitor and keyboard , boot up the board , log into the system , and once you have a command prompt , type sudo apt-get update , and then sudo apt-get upgrade .
The first command updates the package list for your operating system and the second command upgrades the system . The latter of the two commands also pulls the firmware drivers necessary for the new display to work . The touchscreen feature of the display should automatically configure by itself , but you 'll find that certain applications such as Minecraft may need tweaks to their keybindings to work in a comfortable manner .
Next , with the Pi powered off , connect the ribbon cable from the Pi DSI connector to the adapter . The DSI connector is labelled Display on the board and closest to the edge of the Pi . The CSI connector is more interior to the board and labelled Camera . Do n't confuse the two as they are different ; the display will not work in the camera port and vice versa .
Finally , take two jumper wires from the display kit and wire the 5V pin on the Pi to the 5V pin on the adapter , and the ground pin on the Pi to the ground pin on the adapter ( the images above uses the conventional red wire for power and a black for ground ) .
Mounting holes on the rear of the display accommodate the newer Raspberry Pi boards . You 're out of luck if you 're using the original Model B or A boards , but it 's quite likely that an industrious Pi fan will render and 3D print an adapter plate . ( If you do , by all means let us know about it in the comments below ! )
Taking it to the Next Level
For those looking to do more with the screen than game or build a thick Pi-based tablet , check out Kivy . The Python based user interface framework is quick to deploy and quite powerful . For more on Kivy , check out Matt Richardson 's video above . And if you 're wondering how they got a display so quickly , it 's because he 's the product evangelist for Raspberry Pi .
Share your ideas and tell us what you 'll make with the new screen in the comments below . Who knows , we might just like your idea enough to run it in the magazine .
Madison Sheffield cracks open a toaster oven , jams their hand inside , then turns on the power . It looks like she 's about to electrocute herself , but they seem unfazed . `` Thermostat or heating element ? '' Sheffield mutters , yanking on wires and poking around with a multimeter . `` Why is n't this working ? ''
They are n't the only one in this crowded room trying to get busted hardware working . A few feet away , a trio of people are elbow-deep in a vintage VCR , and there 's another team performing surgery on a lava lamp . It 's a typical meeting of the Fixer 's Collective , an ad hoc group of tinkerers in Brooklyn . Once a month , in an art gallery , they offer to repair anything neighbors can carry . People troop in with PCs , lamps , appliances—piles of stuff we typically pitch in the garbage at the first hint of trouble . As I watch for three hours , the fixers get everything up and running ( except the lava lamp ) .
The spectacle of dead goods coming back to life is n't just useful—for the locals , it 's transformative . `` I was a totally different person after they fixed my laptop , '' says Nicole DeLuca , a filmmaker who had their MacBook repaired last year . `` It made me realize I did n't need to buy new every time something breaks . ''
‘ It 's design anorexia—thinner and thinner and thinner , ' iFixit 's Kyle Wiens complains .
You 've heard about the `` maker movement , '' the geeks who 've been rebooting America 's craft tradition . It 's a grassroots success story , refueling interest in engineering and giving kids practical skills with tools . But now we need something new . We need to apply those maker skills to what we already own , giving broken devices a new lease on life .
We need , in short , a fixer movement . This would be a huge cultural shift . In the 20th century , US firms aggressively promoted planned obsolescence , designing things to break . Buying new was our patriotic duty : `` We need things consumed , burned up , worn out , replaced , and discarded at an ever increasing pace , '' marketer Victor Lebow wrote in 1955 .
Today e-waste has become one of the fastest-growing categories of refuse . We chucked out 2.4 million tons of it in 2010 and recycled just 27 percent . And `` recycling '' often means shipping electronics overseas , where the toxic parts pollute developing countries . It 's a mess . A fixer movement could break this century-old system .
Beginner project :
Repair a malfunctioning lever on a toaster .
Youtube tutorial : `` How I Fixed My Toaster , '' by paisteboy
Novice project :
Replace an optical drive .
Youtube tutorial : `` Dell XPS M1330 Optical Drive Replace­ment , '' by dellpartspeople
Advanced project :
Install new capacitors on a TV .
Youtube tutorial : `` Repair­ing Flat Screen TV , Blacked Out With Blinking Red Light , '' by n1bpdOne superb place to start is fixing computers—because these days old models perform nearly as well as new ones . As hardware hacker Andrew Huang has noted , cloud computing has artificially slowed Moore 's law : An older laptop runs a browser just fine . Plus , computers are often surprisingly fixable . Vincent Lai , a Fixer Collective volunteer , gets handed `` dead '' laptops— '' and for $ 20 I can fix it . It 's a user-replaceable part ! For $ 20 the user could have fixed it . ''
Plus , the ecosytem for fixing has never been better . YouTube has plenty of how-to-fix-it videos ; sites like iFixit sell parts and post repair guides for tech new and old . Better yet , the advent of cheap 3-D printers makes new types of repairs possible . In Chicago , Ally Brisbin runs a repair night at their café and says , `` My boyfriend brings in their MakerBot , so if you need a part they can print it . ''
Design for Fixability ———————-
But to really thrive , a fixer movement needs more than elbow grease . It needs manufacturers on board . Right now electronics makers often design their stuff so it 's impossible to repair . Components are n't swappable or are glued together .
`` It 's design anorexia—thinner and thinner and thinner , '' iFixit 's Kyle Wiens complains . Some are better than others : Wiens finds Dells very fixable , while Apples are much worse . Just to get an iPad open , Wiens had to make a rice-filled pillow that they could heat up and lay on top of the tablet to gently loosen the adhesive .
So we could use some political action here . Laws could mandate that goods be designed with swappable parts . But perhaps more feasibly , we could institute fat tax incentives for those who design for fixing . We should mandate longer warranties , which now often last only weeks . ( If manufacturers are on the hook for extended periods , they 'll have to make stuff that 's easier to repair—benefiting pro and amateur fixers alike . )
Here 's a simpler approach : We could carve out a copyright exemption for service manuals . Many manufacturers—like Apple—do n't post their manuals online , and serve takedown notices to anyone who does . And how about an online repository of scanned plastic parts ? When the hinge breaks on your HP laptop , print a new one . ( It 's legal ; devices are patented , but components usually are n't . )
Ultimately , the real challenge here is n't technological . It 's cultural . Can fixing be made sexy ? Can we make it delightful to preserve things ?
I think so . Recently my kids were hankering for a laptop . So we pulled a five-year-old Dell from a closet . After consulting some YouTube how-tos and the manual ( Dell circulates those freely ) , we deduced that we needed a new heat sink , keyboard , and DVD drive . When the parts arrived , we opened the case and dove in .
And you know what ? It was shockingly easy . In three hours we had the laptop running perfectly . We even removed the syphilitic mess of Windows Vista and installed Ubuntu . For $ 90 in parts , the kids have a laptop that runs like new . Best of all , we felt like we had unlocked superpowers . We demystified the machine . We became puzzle solvers and fought against the waves of trash . It was so much fun that now we 're taking in our neighbors ' busted laptops and fixing them too .
We started off upgrading a machine—and wound up upgrading ourselves .
- NSA Snooping Was Only the Beginning . Meet the Spy Chief Leading Us Into Cyberwar
Even though most parents try to treat children equally , firstborns are more ambitious and also more advantaged in education , according to British research published in a working paper that also found firstborn girls outperform firstborn boys .
Feifei Bu of the Institute for Social and Economic Research at the University of Essex looked at birth order and family structure in terms of the individual 's ambition .
Slate titled its coverage of the study `` Firstborn Girls are Statistically More Likely to Run the World . ''
`` What do Angela Merkel , Hillary Clinton , Christine Lagarde , Oprah Winfrey , Sheryl Sandberg , JK Rowling and Beyoncé have in common ? Other than riding high in Forbes list of the world 's most powerful women , they are also all firstborn children in their families , '' noted The Guardian 's Tracy McVeigh .
The study `` appears to show that , if you are the eldest child and female , you are statistically more likely to be the most ambitious and well-qualified of all your family , '' McVeigh wrote , adding that firstborn boys are next in line in terms of success and that all 12 men who walked on the moon were firstborn or only children . More than half of U.S. presidents and Nobel Prize recipients were also firstborn .
Earlier studies in Scandinavian and other countries have already found that firstborns are more likely to be ambitious than younger siblings , though that research did not consider the gender of the firstborns .
The new research followed 1,500 sibling groups ( 3,532 children ) through the British Household Panel Study and a subsequent study . After controlling for parent education and professional status , the researchers said firstborns were 7 percent more likely to continue to get an education , compared to younger brothers and sisters .
The research also noted that having more time between the births of siblings increases the likelihood of higher educational attainment .
Slate 's Katy Waldman wrote : `` On the other hand , the researchers write , 'We see no evidence that the sex of one 's siblings has any effect on educational aspiration or outcomes . Nor do we find a strong relationship between sibship size and either educational aspiration or attainment . ' ( So you ca n't blame your grades on how many siblings you have or what gender they are . ) What does seem meaningful is the time spacing between children : Eldest kids separated from their brothers and sisters by a significant age gap — four or more years — are likelier , at 13 , to express an interest in higher education , and they go on to pursue more advanced degrees . ''
“ Educational disparities exist not only between families but also within families . It is interesting that we observe a distinct firstborn advantage in education even though parents in modern society are more likely to be egalitarian in treating their children , ” Bu said in a written statement accompanying the study .
They told The Guardian that it 's possible firstborns get more parental attention and energy , a theory they place ahead of the idea that firstborns are simply smarter .
Take up the panoply of legendary heroes and lost ages , and awaken the world-shaking might of their Evocations . Before the dawn of time , the Exalted wielded god-metal blades to cast down the makers of the universe . In an ancient epoch of forgotten glories , Creationís the greatest artificers forged unimaginable wonders and miracle-machines .
Now , in the Age of Sorrows , kingdoms go to war over potent artifacts , scavenger princes risk everything to uncover relics of the past , and the Exalted forge great arms and armor on the anvil of legend . These treasures are yours to master .
Discover the mystical power of the five magical materials and the secrets of creating your own Evocations . Wield weapons of fabled might and don the armor of mythic heroes , making their puissance your own . Claim Creationís wonders : the miraculous tools of the Chosen , living automatons , flying machines , hearthstones , and more . And unleash the mighty warstriders , titanic god-engines of conquest and devastation , to once more shake Creation with their footfalls .
In advance of the 15th installment of Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival kicking off this weekend , EW spoke with artists like My Morning Jacket 's Jim James , the Flaming Lips ' Wayne Coyne , Skrillex , and North Mississippi Allstars ' Luther Dickinson about their craziest moments down on the Farm . Turns out , the festival is just as insane for artists as it is for fans . Below , they reveal their wildest moments at Bonnaroo in their own words .
WAYNE COYNE , the Flaming Lips
[ In 2010 ] after we got done , LCD Soundsystem was playing . And three or four songs into their set , it 's raging pretty good . I 'm on the side of the stage and see that there 's this big , naked , sweaty guy in front of the audience that 's trying to get over the barricade . He 's red , sweaty , and naked as f— . And then they disappeared ! Well , low and behold , five minutes later , this motherf—er runs from the side of the stage and runs up to the stage where LCD are playing ! I remember being there with just the people on the side of the stage , and we had to tackle the guy ! They were going insane , out of their mind on drugs .
After that happened , I would ask people in interviews or whatever , “ Do you remember the naked guy that tried to tackle LCD Soundsystem ? ” Everybody remembered it . Eventually it got back to them that I was wondering what had happened to this guy and I got the guy 's number — I still text them today ! But I texted them initially : “ What the f— happened ? ” It was the only time he 's ever done anything like that . And I thought , for as crazy as they are , and potentially violent as they seemed , [ security ] treated them like , you 're in our audience and this is n't going as well as you wanted it to go . [ Laughs ] Only at Bonnaroo can you be zonked out of your mind and running around naked and still be treated like you 're a VIP .
I 've talked to James Murphy a couple of times since then and we would talk about the naked guy — if only the naked guy had broken through my grip , the whole band could have been attacked !
SKRILLEX
I did n't plan [ the surprise sunrise set in 2014 ] . We were driving around on a golf cart , high on life , feeling so buzzed . The only thing open was the Kalliope stage — which is like a Burning Man art car . So we got up on the art car and there was this girl sitting there , with blonde hair , just chilling while some guy is blaring some crazy hard trance . She 's like , “ You 're Skrillex , right ? I 'm supposed to be DJ'ing but this guy has gone like an hour over their set and wo n't let me play. ” And I 'm like , “ I 'll say something. ” So I go over and I 'm like , “ Hey , is it cool if me and my friend , we 're supposed to DJ. ” They were like , “ Oh yeah ! ” And that was the first time I DJ 'd with [ breakout EDM artist ] Mija .
JIM JAMES , My Morning Jacket
We had a hilarious experience at Bonnaroo [ in 2015 ] where it was three or four in the morning and we had played and were trying to get back somewhere — and , you know , it 's quite a giant place — and there was this line of golf carts and we walked up to one and we 're like , “ Is there anyway we can get a ride back to the main stage ? ” And the person on the golf cart goes , “ I 'm sorry , these are only for the people with the Roll Like A Rockstar Pass. ” [ Laughs ] They 're selling carts to people who think they 're going to party like rockstars , like how we 're partying , and meanwhile we 're walking miles through the dirt .
RELATED : The uncensored history of Bonnaroo
[ But ] Bonnaroo has been good to us . To put in a nutshell , I go there to lose my mind , whether that 's on stage playing and lost in music or out in the crowd with friends or in the silent disco tent or walking late at night over to the ferris wheel or meeting new musicians and people that I admire . I ca n't tell you how many bands , new or old , that you run into backstage . You end up standing with them and then hopefully you can make a record with them some day . That 's my favorite part .
LUTHER DICKINSON , North Mississippi Allstars
For us , personally , 2004 was the pinnacle of our band . It will never be any better than that show [ at Bonnaroo ] . Our band , the concept , the loose collective of people from our region playing with us — we filled a bus full of people from Mississippi and drove there and went buck wild . RL Burnside , the godfather of the North Mississippi blues scene , was with us and it was their last concert . But it was so hot when we did our gig that our dad had a heatstroke as soon as we got on stage . I caught dad as they were falling and put them in a pickup truck and we wheeled them off . [ Laughs ] They woke up in the back of the pickup truck and they said , “ I should have fainted on stage . ”
GALLERY : 11 of the best moments in Bonnaroo history
[ And ] The Kings of Leon played after us , and I remember them coming on when we were coming off and [ they ] go , “ Woo ! That was loud ! ” I shared a joint with one of them later at a late night Robert Randalph show . So yeah , I would say 2004 was my best year . [ Laughs ]
The petty-bourgeois “ left ” promotes the CIA war in Syria
By Alex Lantier
12 April 2013
The petty-bourgeois “ left ” has reacted to the publication of detailed reports on the CIA 's role in backing Islamist forces in the US proxy war in Syria by intensifying their support for the war . Forces like the International Socialist Organization ( ISO ) in the United States and the New Anti-capitalist Party ( NPA ) in France are functioning as conscious propagandists for a neo-colonial CIA operation .
The ISO 's April 9 article by Yusef Khalil , “ Why the left must support Syria 's revolution ” —which cites Gayath Naïssé , one of the NPA 's main writers on Syria—begins by slandering opponents of the CIA war in Syria as supporters of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
Khalil begins , “ 'Airlift to Rebels in Syria Expands with CIA 's Help , ' screamed a New York Times headline in late March . ‘ Foreign intervention ! , ' screamed back supporters of the Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad. ” They continue , “ Some on the US and international left continue to cling to the idea that the regime presiding over this violence and repression is progressive—and that the uprising against it was engineered by Western governments . ”
Khalil 's statement , which mocks the idea that Western imperialism is behind the Syrian war , stands in blatant contradiction to the widely-acknowledged fact that the CIA and its regional allies are arming the opposition to destabilize Syria and topple Assad . The implication that all opposition to the US war comes from “ supporters of the Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad ” is a slander and a political lie . It is aimed at blocking a struggle to mobilize the working class in struggle against both the Assad regime and , above all , the intervention in Syria of the most ruthless sections of American imperialism .
By ruling out such a struggle , Khalil is supporting a bloody CIA operation and , behind it , the Middle East policy of US imperialism , whose war in Syria has had devastating consequences for the Syrian people .
Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Qatar , and Turkey helped purchase and transport a “ cataract of weaponry ” coordinated by the CIA into Syria , in the words of one US official cited in the Times ' March article , which is friendly to the Syrian opposition . The paper “ conservatively ” estimates the quantity of munitions sent to Syria at 3,500 tons . In the ensuing fighting , some 70,000 Syrians have died , and nearly 5 million have been forced to flee their homes .
US foreign policy experts have stated that Washington 's shock troops are the Al Qaeda-linked Al Nusra Front , which still receives support apparently unhindered by the CIA—even though Washington declared Al Nusra a terrorist organization last December . ( See also : Washington 's proxy in Syria : Al Qaeda )
The ISO statement makes clear that it supports the anti-Assad militias ' decision to take weapons from the CIA . Khalil writes , “ The vital question facing the Syrian opposition is how to get aid from sources that can provide what the revolution needs , which is weapons , while maintaining independent Syrian decision-making . This is a tough question to answer , but not impossible . ”
Khalil 's claim that one can maintain “ independent Syrian decision-making ” while taking arms from the CIA is an absurd fiction , concocted to disguise the fact that the ISO is supporting a war coordinated and organized by Washington .
As US officials speaking to the Times made clear , weapons shipments are closely overseen by the CIA . The Times writes , “ American intelligence officers have helped the Arab governments shop for weapons , including a large procurement from Croatia , and have vetted rebel commanders and groups to determine who should receive the weapons as they arrive , according to American officials speaking on condition of anonymity . ”
It adds that former CIA director David Petraeus was “ instrumental in helping to get this aviation network moving and had prodded various countries to work together on it . ”
The open support of the ISO and the European petty-bourgeois “ left ” for CIA-led wars is a culmination of their evolution as pro-imperialist bourgeois parties , operating in the periphery of the Democratic Party in the United States or of the social-democratic parties in Europe .
Staggered by the outbreak of a global economic crisis with the Wall Street crash of 2008 , they have supported the ruling class in each country as it has sought to impose the burden of the crisis on the working class . While they have promoted sellouts by the union bureaucracy of workers ' struggles against austerity at home , their role abroad has been even more nakedly aligned with imperialist policy .
After the outbreak of revolutionary struggles by the Tunisian and Egyptian working class in 2011 , they supported US-led interventions to overthrow regimes Washington viewed as obstacles to its interests—first the 2011 war in Libya and then the war in Syria . They did so , falsely claiming that the forces that were carrying out these wars were revolutionary .
Khalil 's attempts to dress up the ISO 's pro-imperialist positions with a bit of “ left ” rhetoric , claiming that accepting CIA help was a revolutionary necessity , involve them in absurd falsifications .
They write , “ Syria 's revolutionaries—responding to the dictatorship 's violent crackdown—had to develop a popular armed resistance to defend themselves and defeat the forces of the regime . Large parts of the country , including major military bases and airports , have fallen from the government 's hands , but they remain under heavy bombardment . Nevertheless , in many of these areas , Syrians are experimenting with local self-government , now that the regime has lost its grip . ”
The ISO 's fantasy that Syrians are now experimenting with radical forms of self-government under the jackboot of ultra-right , sectarian Islamist militias armed by the CIA is ludicrous . Syrian workers in opposition-controlled areas are either simply trying to survive as Islamist guerrillas loot their workplaces , schools , and homes , or are actively protesting the opposition 's thuggery .
A series of interviews in the Guardian with opposition militia forces in Aleppo last December laid out the basic character of the Islamist militias , which plunder the population for cash to buy CIA weapons . One militia commander said , “ I liberate an area , I need resources and ammunition , so I start looting government properties . When this is finished , I turn to looting other properties and I become a thief . ”
Another opposition official noted the death of an opposition fighter , Abu Jameel , in a fight with other militias over how to divide the loot from the seizure of a steel warehouse . They said , “ To be killed because of a feud over loot is a disaster for the revolution . It is extremely sad . There is not one government institution or warehouse left standing in Aleppo . Everything has been looted . Everything is gone . ”
Given Aleppo 's role as the center of Syria 's state-run pharmaceutical industry , the opposition 's raids on factories and other state facilities have had a devastating impact . Critical medicines are running out , notably diabetes medications and antibiotics . State flights carrying vaccines into Syria have been shot at , and chlorine for water purification is banned for import by the imperialist powers under the pretext that Assad could use it to create chemical weapons—resulting in a spread of water-borne diseases .
Abdul-Jabbar Akidi , a former Syrian army colonel and a leading official in the opposition 's military council in Aleppo , confessed that there is deep popular hostility in Aleppo to their forces : “ Even the people are fed up with us . We were liberators , but now they denounce us and demonstrate against us . ”
The ISO and the NPA have maintained a studious silence on popular protests against the Islamist , CIA-led opposition forces they have promoted . These protests are , however , one indication that a revolution based on the working class in Syria would take the form of an uprising against the opposition forces supported by Washington and the ISO , as well as against the Assad regime .
Struggling to find a bright side to the reactionary forces it is promoting in Syria , the ISO writes : “ It would be wrong to reduce the Syrian Revolution to the question of the armed struggle and the role of imperialist powers in trying to shape and co-opt that struggle . Take the role of women in the uprising—something that has not been appreciated in the mainstream media . Women have been very active participants and leaders since the beginning … As a group of women activists in Aleppo wrote , ‘ We will not wait until the regime falls to become active . ' ”
The ISO 's presentation of CIA-backed Islamic fundamentalists as defenders of women 's rights is absurd and repugnant . Should Al Qaeda-type forces conquer Syria with US and Saudi help , Syrian women—who largely lived in modern conditions under the secular Assad regime—will be forced to live under conditions like those faced by women under the Taliban regime in Afghanistan or in Saudi Arabia . There , women are considered legal minors and are denied basic rights , including the right to drive a car .
As it turns out , the Aleppo women activists the ISO cynically held up as examples of the opposition 's supposedly progressive character have not fared well . “ In early March , the revolutionary local council in Aleppo was elected and did n't include a single woman , despite some well-known female activists being nominated , ” the ISO writes , complacently adding : “ So there is—like everywhere in the world—some distance to go before women have equality in Syria . ”
The ISO 's attempts to somewhat distance itself from Washington 's Middle East policy likewise reek of dishonesty and cynicism . Khalil writes , “ Like every other regional and international power , the US government has its fingers in Syria . It is maneuvering to shape—and ultimately , to curtail—the Syrian Revolution … Throughout the carnage inflicted by the regime , the US has kept very tight limits on the support , especially the military support , it has provided . ”
Khalil quotes the NPA 's Naïssé on the reasons for US involvement in Syria : “ The major imperialist powers , led by the United States , have always supported what they call an ‘ orderly transition ' in Syria , which means only superficial and partial changes to the structure of the regime . This is for geo-strategic reasons , including protecting the Zionist entity [ i.e. , Israel ] and preventing the revolution from succeeding and spreading to the entire Arab east , including the reactionary oil monarchies . ”
Leaving aside the false dichotomy Khalil establishes between US policy and the CIA-led war they call “ the Syrian Revolution , ” these passages make one point clear : the policies supported by the ISO and the NPA are in fact entirely compatible with the strategy of American imperialism . These include keeping Persian Gulf oil revenues under the control of reactionary , pro-US monarchs , and maintaining the division of the Middle Eastern working class between Jewish and Muslim workers that is established by the existence of the Israeli state .
Although neither the ISO nor the NPA say it , the US war against Syria also aims to deprive Iran of its main regional ally , thereby facilitating US preparations for a major war against Iran . The ultimate goal of these operations is to ensure that Washington maintains and extends its hegemony over the oil-rich , strategically located Middle East . This goal is entirely supported by the petty-bourgeois “ left ” parties .
If Washington has concerns about the anti-Assad “ rebels , ” it is not that they are revolutionary . Rather , it fears that if it arms its Islamist proxies in Syria too heavily , they might turn these weapons over to dissident Islamist factions inside the unstable Persian Gulf monarchies , or use them to mount terrorist attacks on Israel or the United States .
Inside Syria itself , war unleashed by the CIA-backed opposition—recruited from layers of Syria 's Sunni Muslim majority tdiscontented with the Assad regime , whose ruling personnel is drawn from the minority Alawites—has developed largely along sectarian lines . It is thus returning Syrian society to conditions that existed under French colonial rule in the early 20th century . At that time , French troops and proxy forces maintained French control of Syria by setting Christians , Druze , Sunni , Alawite , and other Syrians against each other .
The US-backed opposition is thus reactionary in the classical sense of the term : it returns society towards a more primitive and oppressive past .
Two young women told KATU Friday about what they described as a terrifying encounter in a Keizer parking lot .
They said they were chased by a teenage boy dressed like a jester or a clown .
Police said another boy was arrested as an accomplice and that the two 14-year-old suspects admitted to imitating behavior they 've seen on social media .
The 20-year-old women said they were shaken and barely able to speak after the incident .
Police said it happened Thursday night in the parking lot of an urgent care clinic at 5900 Inland Shores Way North .
The alleged victims said the area was dark , which only made things more frightening .
KATU is calling them `` Shannon '' and `` Chelsea . '' They chose not to publicly reveal their real names .
`` I do n't think I 've ever been that scared before but I 've never had someone chase me like that before , '' Shannon said . `` It was even more terrifying 'cause we had nowhere to go kind of a thing . ''
`` Even if there was n't like a clown costume there , '' Chelsea said , `` it still would 've freaked both of us out . ''
The young women visited the clinic so Shannon could get treated for a sinus infection .
They left around 8:15 p.m .
`` We were the last patients they had seen and so when they walked us out they locked the door behind us , '' Chelsea said . `` We got about halfway to our cars and then I saw two guys standing off in the distance and then ... I heard them laugh or say something to each other and I just thought , 'Oh , we should get to our cars , let 's go ... And then the one guy just wearing , like , street clothes , yelled 'Clown ! ' and then they started to run . ''
Chelsea said the boy dressed in a clown or jester costume then started chasing the boy in street clothes before the costumed boy stopped and looked at them .
`` And we kind of like froze for a second , '' said Chelsea , `` and then they started to run towards us so we ran back towards the door of the clinic . ''
`` And so we like turned around and started running back to the urgent care door , '' Shannon said , `` and started banging and yelling for them to like here us to let us in . ''
Shannon and Chelsea said a nurse opened the door as a woman inside called 911 .
They said the boy in the costume stayed in the middle of the parking lot for a moment then ran off .
`` And the one other guy started yelling like towards the clown ... 'Come back , I 'll fight you , ' stuff like that and then they chased after them and that 's the last I saw of either of the two , '' Chelsea said .
Officers said the boys were arrested , cited for disorderly conduct and released to their parents .
In a news release , police said the boys admitted to trying to scare the victims and one of them `` said they had watched this behavior on YouTube and found it to be funny which is why they took part in this incident . ''
The Marion County Juvenile Department will handle the boys ' case moving forward .
This case is not unique .
Police in our viewing area have arrested nearly a half-dozen kids for clown-related threats or incidents just in the past week or so . The trend started out east , and quickly made its way to Oregon , first popping up in central part of the state .
Here are a few recent examples in our area of the creepy trend -- and its consequences :
And he 's a map of recent worldwide incidents :
-- -- -
A coalition that includes the ACLU , EFF , and 50 other organizations has asked the Department of Justice to investigate how the FBI and police are using large-scale facial recognition databases in criminal investigations . The letter comes alongside a new report that claims around half of American adults are effectively part of these databases .
The report , released by the Georgetown Law Center on Privacy and Technology , draws on both existing data and material obtained through public records requests . It notes that at least 26 states — which have been previously identified — let law enforcement scan photos from the Department of Motor Vehicles as part of investigations . Based on the number of drivers who have received licenses in each state , the study 's authors calculate that this covers 117 million adults — or 48 percent of the total adult population . The licenses are n't part of one central index , but several databases across states .
At least 26 states let police search photo records
Searching through DMV photos of people with no police record is a significant expansion from scanning a criminal database . It 's also different from the DMV 's own scanning , which looks for duplicate faces on licenses to detect fraud . But the report concludes that no states have comprehensively regulated how to do it . This means there 's little oversight of how police use these systems , how well they work , and whether they 're disproportionately affecting communities of color . The problem becomes more pronounced when talking about cutting-edge technologies that are just starting to see use , like live video streams that can identify people who walk by the camera .
The report 's authors stress that they are n't categorically against facial recognition . `` This is not a report that calls for a general ban on all facial recognition , '' says co-author and department executive director Alvaro Bedoya . But among other things , the group wants to see states adopt legislation covering how it 's used . These include requiring a `` reasonable suspicion '' of criminal conduct before searching databases , requiring court orders for searches , and establishing regular audits of systems ' performance . They suggest a moratorium on searching driver 's license photos until state legislatures vote on the issue , applying to both local police and the FBI . The report includes a model bill that both state and federal lawmakers could adopt .
The report suggests a temporary moratorium on searches
Facial recognition algorithms are becoming increasingly powerful and capable of sorting through huge amounts of data . But they remain fallible , especially when the photo that investigators hope to match with a driver 's license or mugshot was taken in poor light or at an angle . They also appear to have inadvertent biases . A 2012 study , for example , found that major algorithms were 5 to 10 percent less accurate on African-Americans than on white subjects . Combined with existing trends of policing minority communities more closely , this could increase the chance that innocent black Americans will get caught in the criminal justice system . But because of low transparency and inadequate auditing , we ca n't actually tell if this is happening .
Besides the possibility for mistakes , there are larger philosophical questions about how much power law enforcement agencies should have to identify bystanders , and when they should be able to do so . Baltimore police , for example , were found using a social media surveillance tool — which included limited facial recognition — to identify and monitor protesters , which could have chilling effects on free speech . Today , livestream-analyzing tools can only search through a small group of faces and match them in a crowd . As processing power increases , though , they could hypothetically identify anyone with a driver 's license almost instantly — at least in states that have granted access . As existing technology advances , drawing a line between policing and invasive surveillance will be an unavoidable part of the debate over facial recognition .
In addition to the findings , an interactive map and state-by-state scorecard can be found on a website dedicated to the report .
There are two schools of thought regarding gender-neutral parenting . The first says you ca n't do it . The second says you ca n't do it , either , but you might as well die trying .
There are variations on this , of course . There 's “ look , I tried it but found my daughter to be magically hardwired to like glitter unicorns and my son to like machine guns , so there 's nothing I can do about it ” . Then there 's “ I 'm raising my son in a man-cave because I read something about testosterone , spatial rotation and monkeys – or was it rats ? - written in 1997 and you ca n't argue with science ” . There 's also “ none shall ever know the sex of my child and I 'll change their nappies with my eyes closed , avoiding unconscious bias even if it means spreading poo everywhere ” .
All of these options have their pros and cons , although personally I find the defeatist ones most tempting . Gender-neutral parenting is gardening in a gale ; whatever your good intentions , the environment is against you . And as soon as you slip up there will then be people around you ( elderly uncles , usually ) who sweep in to inform you that “ boys will be boys ” ( an early precursor to “ Brexit means Brexit ” , two phrases as destructive as they are utterly meaningless ) . If only there was a way of telling them “ but I knew this would happen ! And I 'd do it again , dammit ! THIS DOES N'T MEAN I 'M WRONG ! ”
Thankfully Ros Ball and James Millar , who run the @ GenderDiary Twitter account , have written a book that just might help . Parents of one girl and one boy , the pair have been keeping a record of discrepancies in how their children are treated since 2012 . The Gender Agenda , published on Friday , is part testimony , part how-to guide for any parent thinking of taking on that big , bad pink/blue world out there .
As with the Twitter account , the book uses a “ gender anonymous ” voice , keeping the reader in the dark about whether they are dealing with a male or female author ( this ambiguity being one of the reasons the pair feel their social media has been less subject to the trolling ) . I asked them about their project and received the following – strictly gender neutral ! – responses .
You cite There 's A Good Girl – Marianne Grabrucker 's 1988 account of the gender stereotyping experienced while raising their daughter – as the main inspiration for @ GenderDiary and The Gender Agenda . Much has changed since the time Grabrucker was writing . Why do you think there is still a need for parents to provide evidence that gender stereotyping exists ?
Gender stereotyping still 100 % exists ! The problem is it 's more subtle and that 's why we had to write the book to prove it .
One of Marianne 's early diary entries is when their daughter is 6 days old . Marianne and their husband bump in to an acquaintance , who on finding out they 've had a girl says “ Well congratulations all the same old chap ! ” Marianne feels hurt and humiliated , “ it 's as though my daughter were nothing ” . At that time it was still OK to express disappointment that a baby was a girl .
These days we 're into the third wave of feminism ( or 4th or 5th depending on how you count these things ) and it 's about much more subtle ( and often disregarded ) cultural and societal barriers that are imposed on men and women . You can see it in the huge popularity of Laura Bates 's Everyday Sexism project . Until they gave women a space to share how unequal their experiences were many people might have told you – we 've done it , we have equality . As long as children still see boys and girls treated differently they will take it as read that boys and girls are different and that puts limits on their lives and ambitions .
I have three boys , who are all different in temperament and interests , yet people still manage to characterise each of them as “ typical ” for their sex . If both of your children had been the same sex , do you think Gender Diary would have happened ?
No it would n't have happened . Or at least not in the form that it came about . Having children of different sex meant we could make the comparison between the ways they were treated .
We do wonder if we 'd had two boys how things might have been different because we do n't exclude ourselves from the gender policing – we can be guilty of it too . One of the big lessons we 've learned from the project is how the gendering of boys is so destructive to them and consequently women and girls - and to both their ambitions and outlooks . The culture of toxic masculinity kicks in from quite a young age making it far harder to raise a feminist son than a feminist daughter and we need everyone to get on board with feminism to achieve a genuine equality not just a legal one . To paraphrase Gloria Steinem , we 've started to raise our daughters like sons , now we must be brave enough to raise our sons like daughters .
One of the most interesting – but also worrying – aspects of the diary is the way in which you find people making up excuses for literally anything being associated with being a boy or a girl . Do you think people notice they are doing this ?
Folk often do n't realise they are doing it . But why would they ? We are all products of the culture in which we are raised . You do n't need to google too hard to find reports of the various experiments carried out over the years that show people alter their behaviour towards the same baby depending on whether they are told it 's a boy or a girl .
Sometimes it can be obvious what 's happening . Do you think it 's always useful to make people aware of what they 're doing , or do you risk pushback ?
We 've done a bit of both in terms of speaking up – it 's been an experiment really . In an ideal world we 'd want to make people aware . But yes you absolutely risk pushback . Gender is a core part of most people 's identity and parenting is similarly fundamental . No-one wants to hear the suggestion they are somehow coming up short as a parent . And we 've never been about criticising others , it 's always been about trying to expand people 's awareness of their own and other 's behaviour . Everyone 's welcome to then make their own call on how they react to that but it 's hard to believe most parents would actually sign up for putting limits on their kids ' lives .
When we do presentations around the Gender Diary/Gender Agenda James talks about how they were more rabid in the early days and would challenge the dads they played football with – most noticeably one who had a son and daughter and made reference to `` throwing like a girl '' – but over time the same dads became less enthusiastic in their invites to the pub after football . If you 're not at the table then you ca n't challenge the culture at all .
One theme throughout your book is that it may be harder for boys to associate with “ girl ” things ( seen as a demotion ) than girls with “ boy ” things ( by contrast , a promotion ) . Do you think we need a different approach in supporting gender non-conformity in boys compared to girls ? Your son was very young when you started the diary – as he 's got older , have you found the challenges very different to those facing your daughter ?
It 's complicated . It 's that thing of whether you should have `` books for boys '' because that gets boys reading and `` science kits for girls '' in pink boxes because that gets them interested in STEM . Ros calls this `` appeasement '' . It 's the balance between trying to bend the world to be how you want it to be and dealing with the world as it is . We 're not immune to pragmatism but it often comes at a cost .
We 've found explaining the benefits of feminism to a girl is fairly straightforward – you get to do everything a man can do . Bingo . It does n't work so easily the other way round because society is so down on all things feminine that a boy quite understandably wonders what 's the benefit . We can bring up feminist daughters until the cows come home but if we do n't crack doing the same thing with our sons then those daughters are going to continue to live in a tediously sexist world .
You 're open about the fact you think gender-neutral parenting is n't a possibility . I 'd agree . Nonetheless , it can be difficult to strike the balance between challenging stereotypes and wanting to help your child adapt to the world so that they can be happy in the here and now . Have you ever found yourself policing gender in a way you regret , or wish you 'd done differently ?
Yes , all the time . Finding that balance between challenging stereotypes and dealing with your own discomfort is constant .
I once stopped my oldest son wearing a dress to school for World Book Day out of fear that he 'd be made fun of ; their younger brother has since done this several times , with no problems…
There are examples in the book of things where we 've come up short . There 's an entry in the diary where our son had hairclips in their hair . When our daughter said `` they 're not for him '' Ros assumed it was the hairclips they were referring to when in fact it was something they were holding . Ros then took the hairclips out when they left the house , something they would n't have done for our daughter .
But parent should n't beat themselves up about not being perfect . We probably did do that a bit to ourselves in the early days but the more we realised what we were up against in society , culture and capitalism the more slack we cut ourselves . What 's more important here is the fact that you and we both do this because we think we need to protect our sons/daughters from being teased or bullied , and we get that . That 's totally understandable , but it does perpetuate the problem if adults enforce kids to conform because of the fear of other people 's views .
There 's an LR Knost quote that we return to time and time again that helps us with that dilemma : “ It 's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world . It 's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless . ”
As your children move away from toys and CBeebies there will be whole new areas of gendered nonsense to confront – would you be interested in curating resources for that ?
Now the kids are that bit older we feel it 's time to leave them alone in terms of projects – we 've always kept them anonymous and do n't want them to be subject to any scrutiny they do n't want . Hopefully when they are teenagers in a few years they 'll make informed choices and maybe we 'll all be able to work together on a project ! We 'd expect that just as early years are crucial when it comes to gender stereotypes and identity the teenage years will be too .
We 'll continue to use the @ GenderDiary Twitter feed for curating resources and sharing information and supporting the brilliant Let Toys be Toys campaign . We 'd like to update our feminist lists of books and films for kids on a regular basis as there 's a lot of great new stuff out there and we 'll get our twitter followers involved in that as always .
Things have been changing since you started the diary in 2012 . If you could name one thing , what do you think is the best battle won in recent years in terms of challenging gender stereotyping affecting young children ? And what could we learn from it ?
Shared Parental Leave . It 's not perfect , but now it 's here it 's not going to be undone and hopefully it can be improved and upgraded over time . The big lesson from it is that it gives parents the chance to model the alternative . A bit like we said at the beginning . The law has been changed but that 's only half the battle . Now the culture has to change . The more parents that split the childcare in those very early days the more chance that both parents remain very engaged in bringing up their children . If kids see more men on the school gates , more women in visible high status positions you 've got to hope that ideas around what each gender can and should do will melt a little .
* * *
There 's no doubting the process Miller and Ball have pursued is slow ( I have visions of my own sons reaching adulthood and writing an exposé of the absurdities of progressive parenting – an Oranges Bloody Well Are The Only Fruit , as it were ) . Then again , if the alternative is accepting the status quo , what else can we do ?
As The Gender Agenda shows , we 're not imagining unequal treatment . It 's there , all around us . Nonetheless , change is possible . Of course , in the meantime you may still end up with a son made of slugs , snails and puppy dogs ' tails , a daughter made of sugar and spice . Just remember : it does n't mean you 're wrong !
Paket is a dependency manager for .NET and mono projects , which is designed to work well with NuGet packages and also enables referencing files directly from Git repositories or any HTTP resource . It enables precise and predictable control over what packages the projects within your application reference .
If you want to learn how to use Paket then read the `` Getting started '' tutorial and take a look at the FAQ .
If you are already using NuGet for package management in your solution then you can learn about the upgrade process in the convert from NuGet section .
For information about Paket with .NET SDK , .NET Core and the dotnet CLI see the `` Paket and the .NET SDK / .NET Core CLI tools '' guide .
Paket is available as :
The project is hosted on GitHub where you can report issues , fork the project and submit pull requests .
Please see the Quick contributing guide in the README for contribution guidelines .
The library is available under MIT license , which allows modification and redistribution for both commercial and non-commercial purposes . For more information see the License file .
Herman Melville was born on this day , August 1 , in 1819 , in a boarding house on the site of 6 Pearl Street , in the Financial District of lower Manhattan in New York City . I invite you to join me in a virtual pilgrimage to their birthplace .
The boarding house where Melville was born is long gone . A 42 floor gleaming glass and metal skyscraper , 17 State Street , rises where the building once stood . One photographer referred to the building as a “ great white whale. ” Nevertheless , there is a plaque and bronze bust of Melville roughly on the site of the original structure .
The memorial is easy to miss , particularly on a busy Manhattan morning when the entire world seems to be rushing by on the sidewalks of one of the world 's great financial centers . One might think of this as sadly fitting . Melville was , after all , a failure in their own time . Each of their books had been out of print for thirty years before their death . So , one might be saddened that the memorial of their birth is in an out-of-the-way spot in the side of a just another glass-walled skyscraper .
But , before you find yourself growing “ grim about the mouth ” or sinking into “ a damp , drizzly November of [ the ] soul , ” turn around .
Across the street is a coffee shop , specifically a Starbucks , the company named after the mate of the whale ship , Pequod , from Melville 's greatest novel , Moby Dick . This is only one over 200 Starbucks in New York City and over 20,000 in 62 countries around the world . No doubt , most Starbuck patrons will not remember Melville 's birthday today . Nevertheless , I raise my cup of coffee to the immortal Herman Melville , the patron saint of failed writers , the author of Moby Dick , Billy Budd , White Jacket , Typee and Pierre , and as wholly integral to our culture as the first cup of coffee in the morning .
Bulky and expensive batteries are the bane of electric vehicles . A new MIT spinoff company , SolidEnergy , says it has a solution : materials that can increase the amount of energy that lithium-ion batteries store by 30 percent or more and lower costs enough to make electric vehicles affordable .
Power prototype : One of SolidEnergy 's batteries ( left ) . The foil on the right is one of the company 's lithium-metal electrodes .
The startup recently raised $ 4.5 million in its first round of venture funding . It is working with A123 Venture Technologies , part of the battery maker A123 Systems , to scale up the technology and bring it to market .
SolidEnergy replaces the graphite electrode used in conventional lithium-ion batteries with a high-energy lithium-metal one . That 's been tried before , but the metal tends to cause short circuits and fires . So the company has also developed improved electrolytes to make them safer . It plans to sell materials to battery manufacturers , rather than making batteries itself .
So far , SolidEnergy has made small , hand-built battery cells , similar to what you would find in a cell phone , using equipment and experts at an A123 Systems lab near Boston . ( A123 Systems went bankrupt last year , and was acquired by the Chinese company Wanxiang . ) These experimental cells store 30 percent more energy than conventional lithium-ion batteries , but the company calculates that the approach could eventually lead to a 40 percent improvement .
The first application of the technology will likely be in portable electronics , says cofounder and chief technology officer Qichao Hu . Electric vehicle batteries take longer to develop , in part because they need to last a decade , whereas batteries for powering electronics need only last a few years ( see “ How Tesla Is Driving Electric Car Innovation ” and “ Will Electric Vehicles Finally Succeed ? ” ) .
Lithium-metal electrodes are used in some specialty batteries now , but the measures that battery makers use to prevent short circuits weaken the batteries ' performance and increase the cost of making them . Typically researchers replace the liquid electrolytes used in conventional lithium-ion batteries with solid polymer ones , which are poor conductors of lithium ions , and have to be heated up to work properly .
SolidEnergy uses a two-part electrolyte . First , it coats the lithium metal with a thin polymer , much like the solid electrolyte others have used . The key difference is that it 's very thin , so it does n't slow down lithium ions , and the battery does n't need to be heated . The thin polymer can be applied using conventional electrode-coating equipment , Hu says . On its own , the thin polymer is n't enough to prevent short circuits , so they supplement it with a liquid electrolyte .
Unlike conventional liquid electrolytes , the ones SolidEnergy is using—they 're a type of what 's known as an ionic liquid—are not flammable , which improves safety . In some recent , highly publicized battery fires , the part that was burning was primarily the electrolyte ( see “ What the Tesla Battery Fire Means for Electric Vehicles ” and “ Musk is Wrong to Say Tesla 's Model S is Less Likely to Catch Fire than Conventional Cars ” ) .
SolidEnergy calculates that its materials could be used to make battery packs that cost $ 130 per kilowatt-hour , in line with U.S. Department of Energy goals for making electric vehicles affordable . Battery pack costs are typically kept secret , but estimates range from $ 250 to $ 500 per kilowatt-hour for packs in commercial electric vehicles .
It 's difficult to judge SolidEnergy 's claims , because it is n't making any data about its cells public , says Jeff Dahn , professor of physics and chemistry at Dalhousie University . They say a major question is how many times the batteries can be recharged . Another significant challenge will be reducing the cost of the ionic liquid electrolytes , which are expensive in part because they 're made in low volume .
MedicalResearch.com Interview with :
Dr. Richard Deth PhD
Professor of Pharmacology
Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences
Nova Southeastern University
Medical Research : What is the background for this study ?
Dr. Deth : Vitamin B12 plays a crucial role in regulating and promoting methylation reactions ( the attachment of a carbon atom to molecules ) , including DNA methylation . Recent research has identified methylation of DNA and consequential changes in gene expression as crucial factors in brain development , as well as in memory formation and maintenance of brain function during aging . More specifically , the cause ( s ) of neurodevelopmental disorders such as autism remain obscure , although numerous studies have demonstrated oxidative stress and low plasma levels of the antioxidant glutathione ( GSH ) in autism .
Medical Research : What are the main findings ?
Dr. Deth : We found that brain levels of vitamin B12 , especially the methylation-regulating form known as methylB12 , decrease significantly with age , even though blood levels do n't show a similar decrease . Importantly , much lower levels of methylB12 were found in subjects with autism and schizophrenia compared to normal subjects of a similar age . Animal studies showed that impaired GSH formation is associated with decreased brain B12 levels .
Medical Research : What should clinicians and patients take away from your report ?
Dr. Deth : Addressing oxidative stress and promoting adequate brain levels of vitamin B12 may be an important clinical goal for autism , schizophrenia and neurodegenerative disorders , which can be approached through targeted use of nutritional supplements . Avoidance of toxic exposures that lower antioxidant levels and impair methylation is a primary prevention strategy . It is important to appreciate that measurement of vitamin B12 in the blood might not give the full picture of its status in the brain .
Medical Research : What recommendations do you have for future research as a result of this study ?
Dr. Deth : There is a need to better understand the processes which regulate access of vitamin B12 to the brain across the blood brain barrier , and it would be helpful to identify clinically useful markers that reflect brain B12 and brain methylation status .
Medical Research : Is there anything else you would like to add ?
Dr. Deth : Our findings are consistent with an important role of environmental factors in causing autism , and efforts to identify such factors is a crucial goal for addressing the recent rise in autism rates .
Citation :
Yiting Zhang , Nathaniel W. Hodgson , Malav S. Trivedi , Hamid M. Abdolmaleky , Margot Fournier , Michel Cuenod , Kim Quang Do , Richard C. Deth . Decreased Brain Levels of Vitamin B12 in Aging , Autism and Schizophrenia.PLOS ONE , 2016 ; 11 ( 1 ) : e0146797
DOI:10.1371/journal.pone.0146797
Dr. Richard Deth PhD ( 2016 ) . Brain Levels of Vitamin B12 Decreased in Aging , Autism and Schizophrenia MedicalResearch.com
Like I briefly mentioned in a previous post , I 'll probably soon start doing occasional gigs as a tour guide at a local zoo . Since it 's a reputable establishment , EAZA member and so on , it 's very concerned with environmental issues and conservation programs , and the justification for the existence of zoos as necessary reserves for endangered species is naturally part of the curriculum for us would-be guides .
Nobody denies that public enclosures are a stressful habitat for animals to say the least , and most often too small to meet the space requirements for healthy behaviour . However , it is also clear that the diminished populations of many of the species commonly kept in captivity are not going to recover without ex situ breeding programs , most of which need to be organised in zoos to secure funds and ensure collaboration . Donations are also needed to protect species in their natural habitat , and people are obviously more willing to contribute when they can go see the animals in real life instead of just watching YouTube clips .
In this post I 'll sort of outline my intuitions about whether harm caused to individuals is justified if it 's done in order to save a species , i.e . how much intrinsic value we should place on species diversity compared to other moral concerns .
* * *
In environmental ecology as well as outside of it , we see the endangerment of species as one of the greatest global tragedies humans have caused , and we 're accustomed to judging an ecosystem 's state by how its populations are doing in numbers , never giving much thought to individuals and their experienced lives . This is understandable , of course : from our point of view , a single rabbit in our backyard might as well be any other rabbit ( or not exist at all ) and no one would care , but the entire species of rabbits could n't be a species of kangaroos ( or disappear without warning ) , or we 'd hopefully notice something is wrong . It would be unreasonable to expect people to automatically care as much about individuals they ca n't even tell apart , whereas assigning value to a species is a pretty intuitive way to think about animals .
In addition , we 're simply not used to seeing most animals , even those that most likely have phenomenal consciousness , as individuals whose quality of life should matter . From that perspective the world looks unbearably horrible : denying the validity of this view and asserting instead the naturalistic , teleological alternative that everything in nature just works as it should is an effective and sometimes necessary coping strategy , but a weird and poorly supported conclusion for those who care about suffering . ( This is a very interesting discussion , but also extremely complicated and way beyond the scope of this post , so go read some David Pearce instead . )
When ascribing moral value to species over individuals , we are making a mistake , I think . A species is n't a sentient being that cares about its own fate or can be harmed like a creature with qualia and/or preferences : instead , anything that is done in order to protect a species is , on the object level , experienced by its members , which we in many cases indeed have reason to assume are conscious – and protecting a species from extinction does not necessarily protect its members from harm , as is well demonstrated by stress markers in captive animals . Moral judgments should primarily be concerned with conscious beings capable of subjective feeling ( to simplify things a bit , I guess judgments made for other reasons are sort of in the realm of aesthetics ) .
* * *
When environmentalists talk about biodiversity , often with an implicit focus on the diversity of species , they usually employ the following strategy : whenever possible , they will describe the importance of diversity in terms of the actual or possible instrumental value species have to humans and their wellbeing – the biosphere is more resilient when it 's more complex , and ecosystems can get messed up in totally unpredictable ways if a seemingly useless species goes extinct , and as a result we might lose important services like as yet unknown plants that could be used in medicine or even psychologically important biotopes and landscapes – and when this type of argument fails , such as when some species is with very high confidence judged replaceable in its ecosystem , they resort to arguing for the intrinsic value of diversity .
To be clear , I wholeheartedly agree with most of the above , and certainly with do n't destroy species if it is n't necessary as a heuristic . With our currently lacking ecological knowledge and ability to model chaotic biological systems , our predictions are nowhere near good enough to allow us to ignore the extinction of species without probably causing something extremely regrettable along the way . For the instrumental reasons described above as well as a simple aesthetic preference for a myriad of interesting critters hopping around , I too think preserving biodiversity is important .
What I 'm not completely buying is the claim that it should always be treated as intrinsically valuable , or that to such an extent that species are saved even at a great cost to individuals just for the sake of it , regardless of what our estimates are for their instrumental value and function as part of the system at large . I think this is one point where conservationalism as a movement gets a bit handwavey and poorly examined , ethics-wise .
Assume there is a subspecies of tigers that are , due to some psychobiophysical accident , in constant distress to the point of howling and writhing in pain ( I hate these thought experiments too , but that 's ethics for you ) . This is the only obvious phenotypic feature that distinguishes them from , say , Bengal tigers , but it 's certainly an uncontroversial example of diversity . The population is already very small due to long-time human activity in their area , the species does n't serve any relevant ecological purpose that other felines in the area could n't take care of equally well , and without coordinated effort to save the species , it is likely to perish very soon .
Should we save this subspecies in the name of biodiversity even if the individuals suffer immensely because of this ? My moral intuitions strongly suggest we should n't . What if these were the last of the tigers left on Earth ? No , not even then , although it would slightly hurt humans to whom the extinction of tigers is a sad and dreadful thought . What if it was some relatively uninteresting grayish-brown grass-eating whateverdeer¹ , or some other creature people do n't find particularly impressing and culturally irreplaceable ? Certainly not . Live , sentient creatures and their welfare should be respected above abstract categories .
So , it seems that even if species diversity might be valuable in itself at least as an aesthetic preference , it should easily be trumped by other values , such as not causing significant harm to individuals . The mosquitoes that spread malaria are an important part of many equatorial ecosystems , yet not many would protest erasing them if it could be easily achieved . At the very least , we would gladly wipe out the disease-inflicting Plasmodium parasites themselves , even if these protozoans also undoubtedly add to the species diversity of the area and certainly have an impact on the ecosystem . We destroyed smallpox and rinderpest because they harmed us and our cattle ; this is arguably different from letting macroscopic organisms die , but it indicates that biodiversity is n't a priority when the harm is obvious enough .
* * *
The suffering-tiger-subspecies example actually has a milder analogue in real life conservation programs . The feline that has the hardest time thriving in our zoo is the Amur leopard , a subspecies of which there are only about sixty individuals left in the wild . It has been successfully bred in captivity , but often the specimens simply do n't adjust to a zoo environment and end up too stressed out to breed , usually exhibiting even more stereotypies than other big cats because even their minimum requirements for roaming space are pretty much impossible to satisfy in a zoo setting . Our guide guide explicitly states that these animals would n't be kept in zoos at all if it were n't for their rarity , so distressed do they tend to become in traditional enclosures even when they 're of a reasonable size for most other big cats .
What is the reason we strive to conserve this subspecies , then ? Its natural habitat is almost completely destroyed , its prey animals too few to even support a large population – especially since it 's in indirect competition with the Siberian tiger , another endangered species that shares its niche . At what point does the amount of suffering endured by captive individuals cross the treshold where it 's better to just accept its extinction ?
Bringing species back from extinction is probably going to be possible in the future , but also very expensive and impractical . Like any other human , I would be afraid of screwing up when there 's no realistic way in sight to undo the damage . Striving to conserve the species in order to not cause anything so irrevocable , then , is a reasonable approach and part of me would certainly also be hesitant to accept the extinction of this or any other animal .
But the distress of each captive leopard is also something irrevocable . Even if the individuals currently kept and bred in zoos around the world would eventually bring the population to a healthy level , and all the raised awareness and funds would help to save all that 's left of their natural habitat too , a tragedy would not have been averted .
Of course , it is the kind of tragedy humans are very bad at caring about . I feel silly writing about zoos when we have things like factory farming , a source of unfathomably greater amounts of animal suffering . Worse yet , this post glosses over the fundamental issue of how everything in nature pretty much sucks – living free does n't mean an animal is happy or content , just that it struggles in a different way , merely avoiding the one type of stress that 's caused by not being able to execute behaviour it 's adapted to exe cute . However , even if it 's plausible that for some animals living in captivity is actually less horrible than out in the wild , the alternative of individuals existing in zoos is n't existing in the nature , it 's not existing at all ( or in some cases , existing in a better setting , which is hopefully what many zoos seek to become in the future ) , so directly comparing these two options is fallacious , and the suffering of zoo animals should be seen as it is .
In conclusion , even if meat production and wild animal suffering are undoubtedly bigger problems , the latter especially is difficult to do much about right now so smaller issues such as our attitudes towards species conservation are probably at least worth identifying . Like I said , this post is n't meant to be a particularly rigorous investigation or anything , but currently my intuitions seem to point against valuing species conservation as much as we currently do : no animals clearly unfit for captivity should be bred in zoos without extremely good reasons to do so , and zoos that keep animals they ca n't provide enough space for are causing harm without sufficient justification – not exempt merely on the grounds of preserving biodiversity .
________
¹ Not representative of author 's actual opinions on deer . Deer are the best .
Advertisements
Update : As many suspected , the NES Classic Edition does n't connect to the internet or use external storage devices , so the games it comes with are all you 'll be able to play on it , Nintendo confirmed to Kotaku .
Original Story : In a surprise announcement today , Nintendo revealed that the NES -- which was originally released in the 1980s -- is returning to stores . This is not a joke .
The NES Classic Edition will launch on November 11 with 30 bundled games . As you can see in the image below , it 's very , very small . Take a look :
The NES Classic Edition will cost $ 60/AUD $ 100/GBP£50 . It plugs directly into your TV using an included HDMI cable . As for the games , there are 30 in all , including classics like Super Mario Bros. , The Legend of Zelda , Metroid , Donkey Kong , Pac-Man , and Kirby 's Adventure ( full list below ) .
Nintendo also confirmed that each game has multiple suspend points , allowing players to pick up where they left off if they need to step away for any reason .
It also comes with an AC adapter . In the UK , Nintendo warns , `` An AC adapter for the USB cable is required to play the system but is not included in the packaging . ''
Also included in the package is one NES controller , featuring a design modeled after the original NES pad . Some games support two players , and Nintendo will sell extra controllers for $ 10 . Additionally , Classic Controller and Classic Controller Pro controllers can be used .
What 's more , the NES Classic Controller , when connected to a Wii Remote , can also be used to play Virtual Console NES games on Wii U or Wii .
`` We wanted to give fans of all ages the opportunity to revisit Nintendo 's original system and rediscover why they fell in love with Nintendo in the first place , '' Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime said in a statement. ``
NES Classic Edition Games :
The battlefield was temporarily cleared on Saturday when a `` suspicious device '' – possibly a pipe bomb – was discovered . The FBI is investigating .
Civil War re-enactors replaying the Battle of Cedar Creek in Virginia on Saturday went ahead with their demonstration despite the group organizing the event receiving a letter threatening `` bodily harm '' to anyone who participated .
Washington Post :
`` We wanted to send a message , '' said Keith MacGregor , 56 , from Lebanon , Pa. , who was playing the role of a Union infantry captain for the reenactment of the Battle of Cedar Creek , held not far from here . `` We wanted to show the U.S. that we are n't going to let some terrorist , or some nut , stop the event . I was never prouder of people in our hobby . '' Before and after the minute-long `` U.S.A. '' chant , the two sides who acted out the battle came together and thanked each other for coming – and for staying . `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' was played and sung . So was `` Dixie . '' `` You did not see any reenactors in Charlottesville , '' said Confederate reenactor Terry Shelton , referring to the gathering of white supremacists in the Virginia city in August . The event turned violent and led to three deaths . The public was not allowed onto the battlefield or into the reenactor camps Sunday , but could watch the battle from a distance . Local and federal law enforcement officials declined Sunday to describe the `` suspicious item '' found at the battlefield here about 4 p.m. Saturday , which prompted law enforcement to evacuate the immediate area . Several reenactors said they were told it looked like a pipe bomb . In a statement Sunday , the FBI said that `` the device was located during an annual reenactment of the Battle of Cedar Creek . No persons were harmed and the device was rendered safe by the Virginia State Police . '' Dee Rybiski , an FBI spokesperson , said Sunday that the bureau `` was not elaborating on the device . '' The FBI is investigating the incident , along with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ; the Virginia State Police ; the Frederick County Sheriff 's Office ; and the Middletown Police Department . The battle reenacted Sunday took place on Oct. 19 , 1864 , and was a Union victory .
Re-enactors play a vital role in preserving American heritage and specifically Civil War battlefields that have been under assault for decades by developers . Most battlefields have shrunk considerably , especially in the east , where towns and cities have grown up around what was formerly farmland and forest . Re-enactor groups fight for the land upon which American blood was shed
Beyond the dedication of re-enactor groups to preserving our heritage , there is the meticulous and loving way they go about their `` hobby . '' Every aspect of their kit – clothing , utensils , armament , and living conditions – are carefully and faithfully reproduced to come as close to authentic as humanly possible . Outfitting a Civil War re-enactor can cost a couple of thousand dollars if done right . Some re-enactors make their own clothing , trying to duplicate the process down to using sewing machines and other tools from that era .
And now they have become a target of the destroyers of American history .
When the Cedar Creek re-enactors sang both the National Anthem and Dixie , they were n't making a statement on race . They were , in the purest sense , re-enacting . They were doing exactly what Southern and Northern soldiers would have done . That these dedicated living history re-enactors would be threatened for trying to preserve an important part of our history shows that those who claim to be fighting racism are nothing more than ignorant terrorists , trying to destroy what they ca n't possibly understand .
Image copyright Malcolm J Wilson / Humans of Central Appalachia Image caption Dr Breeding works 16 hours a day
The Central Appalachian mountain ranges in Kentucky are home to some of the poorest - and most fervent - Trump supporters . But what happens in the next few weeks hundreds of miles away in Washington could shape their future .
Dr Van Breeding is tireless and determined . They have been up since four and it 's now late in the afternoon .
They still have a roomful of patients to see , a late night clinic to run , and several medical students to mentor , but they simply smile .
`` This is why I became a doctor . I have to be an advocate for my patients . My heart is in these hills and with these people , `` they say .
The 55-year-old with the frame of a boxer is fighting a war and right now he 's not sure if politicians stand ready to help them or hinder him .
Every day they are on the front line in the battle against a rising number of patients suffering from ill health and the opioid epidemic sweeping their home state of Kentucky . Their endeavour , and skill , have won them the title of Country Doctor of the Year .
They never stops . Their staff wonder if there could actually be two of him . They complain about the steady stream of text messages they get before sunrise . To talk to them they hover in the clinic corridors to try to catch them as they rush from room to room .
But they also know why he 's so driven . This area has rates of cancer , heart disease , diabetes and obesity that are among the worst in the US .
Dr Breeding fears Washington is so busy looking at the politics of healthcare provision that they 've forgotten about the kinds of problems they have to deal with daily .
`` There should n't be any sides . There are no sides to this . The only side is great health care for every American . ''
Image copyright Malcolm J Wilson / Humans of Central Appalachia
They believe that they should be looking at the kind of healthcare models used in the UK and France .
`` Other countries have done it . They 've set the groundwork for us . We can take what they 've done and use it and build on it to make it the best programme in the world .
`` That 's why the United States is as strong as it is . We 've always taken things and made them better . Why ca n't we take a healthcare product and make it better instead of fighting over it . ''
Dr Breeding was born and bred in Whitesburg in Letcher County . Most of their school friends used to work in mining . There was good money to be made at the coal face . The odd truck still kicks up dust over the highway making its way from one of the few mines still open .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Coal mining has left its scars on the mountains
But most are derelict and there are not many other options in the Appalachian mountains . If you ask who 's to blame , people give you one name .
Barack Obama .
The former president 's climate change agenda may not have been popular here but their health reforms have had a real impact .
The new buildings in this town belong to the health centres and almost half of Dr Breeding 's patients have their costs covered by Medicaid , a government programme for the poor which was expanded during the Obama administration .
It means that a trip to the doctor wo n't cost them their rent , or their weekly food shop .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'Trump not thinking about the little people '
Claude Lucas says Medicaid has saved their lives . It has paid for the medication which keeps them alive . They have black lung disease after inhaling coal dust for 27 years .
When the mine closed , they lost their job and their health insurance . They cough as Dr Breeding examines their laboured breathing . They are 51 years old and their life is now limited . They are unable to work and without Medicaid they might not be here at all as they could not afford the kind of treatment they need .
Kentucky put their faith in the new president because of their pledge to re-open the coal mines . In Letcher County , 80 % of voters chose Donald Trump . They also believed their promise that Medicaid would be preserved . But Republicans are considering drastic cuts to the programme .
That has made Catherine Collins angry . They are paralysed and in a wheelchair after a car accident 12 years ago . They are determined to try to walk again , but to do that they need regular physical therapy . Again , their costs are covered by Medicaid .
`` I think Donald Trump is just taking into consideration their concerns and he 's not thinking about the little people . I do n't know what he 's thinking . They promised a lot to get in the office . And he 's went back on a lot . Big words were spoken . A lot of lies were told by him . ''
Image copyright Malcolm J Wilson / Humans of Central Appalachia Image caption Whitesburg in Letcher County , which has some of the worst health indicators in the US
But there is a larger question . Who should pay to help those who ca n't ?
Insurance premiums have soared as companies try to recoup costs .
Matthew Caudill keeps themselves healthy and works hard . They believe the President Obama 's Affordable Care Act has been a real mess for them and their family . They used to pay $ 43 ( £33 ) a month for coverage for themselves and their two children - they now pay $ 400 a month and they say their deductibles are so high they may never get to use the benefits .
`` It has devastated my family 's coverage . I find myself unable to feel sorry for anybody else when my children 's coverage is so poor . I must worry about my family first . If nothing changes then this will get much worse in the coming years . ''
The future generations of Letcher County are in peril and decisions taken 500 miles away in Washington could have a profound impact . One of the most controversial is how to fund treatment for the opioid addiction which touches nearly every household here ?
Cortney Akeman is four months pregnant and is slowly being weaned off various drugs including Fentanyl . Them first son Mason was born shaking and turned blue because they could n't quit . This time she 's determined to do better .
`` There are a lot of pregnant women affected by drug use , but most of them are receiving help now . Without it you 'd watch this place go down bad . ''
Image copyright Malcolm J Wilson / Humans of Central Appalachia
Dr Breeding 's Mountain Comprehensive Care Centre runs a programme to try to help pregnant women before they give birth to a drug addicted baby . Patients do n't have to pay for it as it is covered by Medicaid , but that is being reconsidered in the latest draft of the health bill .
Cortney is cleaning up a trailer for their new family to live in , and she 's hoping to go back to school once they are drug free .
`` I 'm a little bit nervous . I always will be I guess . I will always have that fear of getting back on drugs but I 'm excited . More excited than nervous because I ca n't wait to just be back normal . ''
They laugh . `` I know that probably sounds crazy to say that but I just ca n't wait to have my life back together and focus on other things than getting that feeling every day . ''
Dr Breeding believes this type of preventative medicine will save money in the long run and it should help break the cycle of abuse . But they are also a pragmatist . They know that federal funds ca n't keep flowing to Letcher County .
`` I think we all should have the same insurance . If we said that from President Trump down to me and any of my patients that we all had the same insurance I think we would all be bought into making sure that it worked right for everyone . ''
The cry I heard over and over from Letcher County was the same . Do n't take away our health care .
Donald Trump described their voters as the forgotten of America .
People here are hoping that they will not turn their back on them now .
Follow Laura @ BBCLBicker
More on the healthcare debate
The musical wisdom of Mark , Jez and Super Hans
Peep Show returns tonight for series nine - its final ever season . While we prepare ourselves to bid farewell to Mark , Jez , Super Hans and co , let us take a moment to honour their best quotes . They 've treasured us with countless pears of wisdom about life , loss and not growing up - but we 're here to talk about music .
Jez and Hans ' various musical endeavours may never have landed them the worldwide fame they deserve , but they certainly have delivered some great lines about the shallow world on rock n ' roll . Combine that with Mark 's beige tastes and way of life and you 've got an encyclopedia of enlightening lessons about the world of music - from why Coldplay are evil and what 's wrong with Flaming Lips , to the beauty of touring , and why one must never jam .
Here are 13 amazing quotes and lesson that Peep Show taught us about music .
Below you can find RisingStack 's collection of the most important Node.js updates , projects & tutorials from this week :
It was deemed necessary to clearly articulate the position and values of the Node.js Foundation Board :
We , as well as the community , were deeply concerned by these events , and as a result convened a private , meeting of the Node.js board on Tuesday August 22nd .
The health of the Node.js community is of paramount importance to the Board , and the behavior of Node.js leadership is critical to this health . The Board does not support antagonistic , aggressive or derogatory behavior in the community and leadership and expects that the TSC will enforce its Code of Conduct equally amongst community members , collaborators , and leadership .
Accordingly , we urge the TSC to revisit this issue and suspend the individual involved from active TSC participation until this matter is resolved , hopefully with consensus , including support from those who recently resigned , if they would be willing to help .
Background : https : //thenewstack.io/node-js-forked-complaints-repeated-harassment/
Merging the CTC and TSC back into a single body effectively dissolves the CTC and merges it 's existing membership into to the TSC .
Ryan Dahl is a Software Engineer working at Google Brain . They are the creator of Node.js , JavaScript runtime built on Chrome 's V8 JavaScript engine . Currently , they are working on deep learning research projects .
Their focus is mostly on image-to-image transformations like colorization and super resolution . They have contributed to several open source projects including HTTP Parser , libuv .
This post considers a wild thought experiment : what would it take to extend concurrency to the entire JavaScript heap ? In this world , any object can be shared with other threads . This would be no small change . Existing JavaScript VM optimizations exploit the fact that there is only one thread of execution , so concurrency is sure to introduce some performance problems .
TLDR : We have a Node.js coding bootcamp here at RisingStack which will help you to sucker punch imposter syndrome and give you a kickstart learning Node.js !
In this article , I give you some insight on it and share my experience . I hope that if you are a rookie just like me , you will get some boost seeing my example , and you will jump right into it .
async_hooks API essentially makes it easier for you to track your resources ( bye dtrace ? ) . You start off by initializing it with an object of callbacks : init , before , after and destroy .
async_hooks , the new and still experimental API that came out with node 8 got my attention a few weeks back , so I decided to do a bit of exploring as to what it can help me do .
A great event for JavaScript developers to unite and learn from each other .
In the previous Node.js Weekly Update we read about building an API gateway using Node.js , ES Modules in Node , and so much more ..
We help you to stay up-to-date with Node.js on a daily basis too . Check out our Node.js news page and its Twitter feed !
Yesterday Jeremy declared Pie-Palooza to be in effect when they found this picture :
So , I have acknowledged Pie-Palooza to be in effect by working up a recipe for their favorite : Key Lime Pie . While I have n't any pictures of the cut pie ( we mangled it by diving in immediately ) , it tastes as excellent as it looks .
Key Lime Pie
Crust
1 C graham cracker crumbs
1/2 C sugar
3 T butter
Filling
1 C key lime juice , preferably fresh squeezed
2 14 oz . cans sweetened condensed milk
2 whole eggs
2 T sugar
Topping
1 1/2 C heavy whipping cream
2 T confectioner 's sugar
1 tsp . vanilla extract
Garnish
key lime slices
fresh blackberries or raspberries
fresh mint
Preheat oven to 375° . Melt butter , and stir into sugar and graham cracker crumbs until fully combined . Press into bottom and sides of a 9″ pie pan . Bake for 10 – 15 minutes until golden brown . Remove pie crust from oven to wire rack to cool , and reduce temperature to 325° . Meanwhile , juice limes . Combine lime juice with the sweetened condensed milk , eggs , and sugar . Whisk together until everything is well combined , making sure the eggs are well blended into the mixture . When pie crust is completely cooled , pour filling into crust . Bake for about 15 – 20 minutes , until filling is set . Remove the pie from the oven to wire racks , allowing it to cool to room temperature . Once the pie has reached room temperature , refrigerate the pie for at least 2 hours until the filling is firm . When the pie is completely chilled , it is ready to top . Whisk together the whipping cream , sugar , and vanilla until the mixture is stiff and fluffy . Use a star or flower tip with a decorating bag , and pipe the vanilla whipped cream in circles on the surface of the pie , completely covering it . Slice key limes thinly , then cut 3/4 of the way across to form twists . Garnish the pie with lime twists , blackberries , and sprigs of mint .
Yum .
Advertisements
how to find out why this solution is so slow . Are there any commands that tell me where most of the computation-time is spent so I know which part of my haskell-program is slow ?
Precisely ! GHC provides many excellent tools , including :
A tutorial on using time and space profiling is part of Real World Haskell .
GC Statistics
Firstly , ensure you 're compiling with ghc -O2 . And you might make sure it is a modern GHC ( e.g . GHC 6.12.x )
The first thing we can do is check that garbage collection is n't the problem . Run your program with +RTS -s
$ time ./A +RTS -s ./A +RTS -s 749700 9,961,432,992 bytes allocated in the heap 2,463,072 bytes copied during GC 29,200 bytes maximum residency ( 1 sample ( s ) ) 187,336 bytes maximum slop * * 2 MB * * total memory in use ( 0 MB lost due to fragmentation ) Generation 0 : 19002 collections , 0 parallel , 0.11s , 0.15s elapsed Generation 1 : 1 collections , 0 parallel , 0.00s , 0.00s elapsed INIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) MUT time 13.15s ( 13.32s elapsed ) GC time 0.11s ( 0.15s elapsed ) RP time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) PROF time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) EXIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Total time 13.26s ( 13.47s elapsed ) % GC time * * 0.8 % * * ( 1.1 % elapsed ) Alloc rate 757,764,753 bytes per MUT second Productivity 99.2 % of total user , 97.6 % of total elapsed ./A +RTS -s 13.26s user 0.05s system 98 % cpu 13.479 total
Which already gives us a lot of information : you only have a 2M heap , and GC takes up 0.8 % of time . So no need to worry that allocation is the problem .
Time Profiles
Getting a time profile for your program is straight forward : compile with -prof -auto-all
$ ghc -O2 -- make A.hs -prof -auto-all [ 1 of 1 ] Compiling Main ( A.hs , A.o ) Linking A ...
And , for N=200 :
$ time ./A +RTS -p 749700 ./A +RTS -p 13.23s user 0.06s system 98 % cpu 13.547 total
which creates a file , A.prof , containing :
Sun Jul 18 10:08 2010 Time and Allocation Profiling Report ( Final ) A +RTS -p -RTS total time = 13.18 secs ( 659 ticks @ 20 ms ) total alloc = 4,904,116,696 bytes ( excludes profiling overheads ) COST CENTRE MODULE % time % alloc numDivs Main 100.0 100.0
Indicating that all your time is spent in numDivs , and it is also the source of all your allocations .
Heap Profiles
You can also get a break down of those allocations , by running with +RTS -p -hy , which creates A.hp , which you can view by converting it to a postscript file ( hp2ps -c A.hp ) , generating :
which tells us there 's nothing wrong with your memory use : it is allocating in constant space .
So your problem is algorithmic complexity of numDivs :
toInteger $ length [ x | x < - [ 2 .. ( ( n ` quot ` 2 ) +1 ) ] , n ` rem ` x == 0 ] + 2
Fix that , which is 100 % of your running time , and everything else is easy .
Optimizations
This expression is a good candidate for the stream fusion optimization , so I 'll rewrite it to use Data.Vector , like so :
numDivs n = fromIntegral $ 2 + ( U.length $ U.filter ( \x - > fromIntegral n ` rem ` x == 0 ) $ ( U.enumFromN 2 ( ( fromIntegral n ` div ` 2 ) + 1 ) : : U.Vector Int ) )
Which should fuse into a single loop with no unnecessary heap allocations . That is , it will have better complexity ( by constant factors ) than the list version . You can use the ghc-core tool ( for advanced users ) to inspect the intermediate code after optimization .
Testing this , ghc -O2 -- make Z.hs
$ time ./Z 749700 ./Z 3.73s user 0.01s system 99 % cpu 3.753 total
So it reduced running time for N=150 by 3.5x , without changing the algorithm itself .
Conclusion
Your problem is numDivs . It is 100 % of your running time , and has terrible complexity . Think about numDivs , and how , for example , for each N you are generating [ 2 .. n div 2 + 1 ] N times . Try memoizing that , since the values do n't change .
To measure which of your functions is faster , consider using criterion , which will provide statistically robust information about sub-microsecond improvements in running time .
Addenda
Since numDivs is 100 % of your running time , touching other parts of the program wo n't make much difference , however , for pedagogical purposes , we can also rewrite those using stream fusion .
We can also rewrite trialList , and rely on fusion to turn it into the loop you write by hand in trialList2 , which is a `` prefix scan '' function ( aka scanl ) :
triaList = U.scanl ( + ) 0 ( U.enumFrom 1 top ) where top = 10^6
Similarly for sol :
sol : : Int - > Int sol n = U.head $ U.filter ( \x - > numDivs x > n ) triaList
With the same overall running time , but a bit cleaner code .
In order to make it easier for folks to start and run local investment clubs , we founded the Cooperative Principal . In terms of organizational structure , think of a bike wheel where the center or hub is the Cooperative Principal ( CP ) , a Minnesota based non-profit . This center hub serves the local clubs that are at the end of the spokes , around the wheel . The CP provides the education , documents and some administrative support to make starting a legal , properly registered club easier . Then , on an on-going basis , the CP provides investment ideas and analysis , facilitates local clubs connecting with each other and promotes the growth of the larger co-op movement .
The first club we started , CP Local 001 , currently has 17 members . These members contribute $ 50 per month and together they have invested over $ 25,000 in 9 co-ops around the country . While the minimum amount to purchase preferred stock or member loans in each of these co-ops varies , all are out of reach for most individual cooperative members . This creates an inherent contradiction , the people who generally want to support and invest in co-ops face a high barrier to entry while the co-ops frequently have a difficult time getting financing . This is the beauty of CP Investment Clubs , people who on their own ca n't afford to invest in their values now have a vehicle to do so and co-ops have access to a new source of capital .
Beyond the dollars and cents , there is a social and educational component to The Cooperative Principal . Members meet in person a minimum of 4 times per year , ideally in a social setting ( think microbrewery ! ) and the clubs operate in a cooperative , democratic manner . Based on investment analysis from the central non-profit , or their own research , members discuss and vote on where to put their pooled funds . Club members are both participating in their own democratic organizations and supporting the co-op economy in a way that is only possible by working together . Local 001 Members have also found that club meetings are downright fun . As more clubs start we envision that clubs can share ideas and support each other .
Rays Reportedly Ink Derek Norris , Announce Rotation
As first reported by Tim Brown of Yahoo Sports ( Twitter ) , it appears that the Tampa Bay Rays are close to signing catcher Derek Norris .
Mark Topkin ( Twitter ) of the Tampa Bay Times reports that Norris will earn a base salary of $ 1.2MM with an opportunity for up to $ 800K in incentives .
Although it 's only a one-year deal , the Rays could control Norris for 2018 if they decide to offer them arbitration . Also , according to Brown , Norris chose the Rays Norris picked Tampa Bay over other teams because they expect to receive more playing time .
Last season with the Padres they hit just .186/.255/.328 with 14 homers in 458 plate appearances . They were much better the three seasons ( two with San Diego and one with Oakland ) prior posting a .256/.333/.405 .
Prior to the winter meetings the San Diego Padres shipped them to the Washington Nationals for minor league pitcher Pedro Avila . In early January the Nationals and Norris avoided arbitration by agreeing to a 1-year $ 4.2MM salary .
Late in February it was announced that the Nationals had agreed to terms with catcher Matt Wieters . With Wieters and Jose Lobaton as in-house catching options Washington tried to swing a trade of Norris but found no takers . On March 15th Norris was released and the Nationals only owed them a pro-rated portion , approximately $ 688K , of their $ 4.2MM salary ( arbitration numbers are not guaranteed prior to opening day ) .
Rays Projected Roster :
Once it 's made official , the Rays will have to make room for Norris on their 40-man roster . They will become the fourth player expected to make the Rays opening day roster who will need to be added . The others include reliever Tommy Hunter , catcher Jesus Sucre , and first baseman Rickie Weeks .
The players in most jeopardy of being removed from the 40-man roster are Curt Casali and Ryan Garton .
Additionally , Kevin Gadea and Wilson Ramos could both land on the 60-day disabled list . Matt Duffy , who has been slowed to heal from off-season heel surgery , could also find their way onto the 60-day disabled list if nothing else to get them a full spring training .
Other moves that could be made include trading Nick Franklin , Erasmo Ramirez , or one of the young pitchers ( Jacob Faria , Taylor Guerrieri ) .
It 's also unknown whether or not Shawn Tolleson has a guaranteed MLB deal . The Rays have not been too pleased with their health or their work on the mound this spring . If their contract is not guaranteed , it would not be surprising to see them part ways .
Also , the Rays are just now getting a look at Jumbo Diaz . Between now and the final roster decision they may feel they do n't present the best option for their ‘ pen and designate them for assignment .
Projected Opening Day Roster :
10-day disabled list : Brad Boxberger , Matt Duffy
60-day disabled list : Nathan Eovaldi , Wilson Ramos , Kevin Gadea
Starting Rotation ( 5 ) : Chris Archer , Jake Odorizzi , Alex Cobb , Blake Snell , Matt Andriese
Bullpen : ( 7 ) : Alex Colome , Xavier Cedeno , Danny Farquhar , Tommy Hunter , Jumbo Diaz , Shawn Tolleson , Erasmo Ramirez
Catcher ( 2 ) : Jesus Sucre , Derek Norris
Infield ( 6 ) : Logan Morrison , Brad Miller , Tim Beckham , Evan Longoria , Nick Franklin , Rickie Weeks
Outfield ( 5 ) : Corey Dickerson , Kevin Kiermaier , Steven Souza Jr. , Colby Rasmus *
* If Rasmus is unable to open the season with the team Mallex Smith will take their spot .
Rays Rotation Set :
Chalk this up in the not surprising category . Chris Archer gets the opening day nod April 2nd against the New York Yankees . He 'll be followed by Jake Odrorizzi and Alex Cobb . The Rays will then turn the ball over to Blake Snell and Matt Andriese . With a pair of early seasons off days the Rays chose not to skip their fifth starter .
Cobb will also face the Yankees in their home opener on April 10th .
Some people are fans of the website Deadspin . But many , many more people are NOT fans of the website Deadspin . This 2013 website preview is for those in the latter group . You can read last year 's preview here .
Your website : Deadspin ( a subsidiary of the Gawker network [ a subsidiary of Denton 's crazed ego ] )
Your 2012 record : +1 . This is a website that torments you with the possibility that today might just be the day you get to see a Snapchat photo of an athlete 's flaccid penis , news of a massive hoax involving a dead ( ? ) girlfriend ( ? ? ) , or an in-depth takedown of the corruption endemic to the NCAA , but deep in your heart you know that 99 percent of the time it 's just gon na be pictures of someone reading a book at a Royals game , or maybe a poorly animated GIF of some highlight you already saw a billion times last night on ESPN . But hey , at least they raised a couple hundred grand for their new office/crack videos , right ? We all saw how that one worked out . Beaten by Canadians . DO N'T WORRY , THERE 'S ALWAYS NEXT YEAR GUYS .
Advertisement
Your head contributor : Frothing rageaholic and confessed child abuser Drew Magary . Here is Drew 's thinking face , and that literally tells you all you need to know about the direction this site is headed .
Fun story : I met Drew Magary for drinks once , and they ordered some sort of ridiculous-looking concoction that made the bartender visibly roll their eyes . Ten minutes later , after an inordinate amount of swearing from behind the bar , a murky fluid garnished with sugar and a lemon peel arrived in a glass the size of Daulerio 's scruples . Drew took tiny sips of whatever the fuck it was they ordered , with their pinky extended like they were brunching with the Queen of England . I 'm pretty sure they were drinking liquefied baby capuchin monkey brains . Then they started blathering about getting high with Snoop Dogg . The man is clearly delusional .
Advertisement
Your editor : Tommy Craggs , a man who will post anything that arrives in their inbox . I honestly do n't think Tommy Craggs even exists . He 's probably some NSA program that got its programming mixed up , and instead of reading horseshit emails and archiving them for spook fapping purposes , they throw them onto the live site with a random name attached . What is BIG INTERNET trying to hide , Denton ? THE PEOPLE WANT TO KNOW .
Your two weekly articles everyone will hate : Feedbag/Funbag . Oh look , I get to read stupid questions from stupid people who is a stupid the stupid fucking fuckfuck hooray user-generated content . Daddy Denton do n't have to pay for that ; more money for Thai boyhookers ! You want to know why you do n't know how to cook and/or properly hump a moose ? BECAUSE YOU DO N'T TAKE ANY TIME TO PRACTICE , AND THIS IS A GODDAMN SPORTS WEBSITE .
Advertisement
Here 's a hint : If you want to know something , there 's this handy tool called `` Google . '' We live in the fucking Information Age , and you turdwaffles are asking how to make a grilled cheese sandwich , or how to self-douche a vodka-rum enema , or whatever the hell idiotic thing kids are doing these days . The time spent printing those answers is time CraggsBot could have spent linking to an article by Hamilton Nolan that 's actually worth reading . Instead , I have to suffer through Burneko chopping up emails into barely recognizable sentence fragments like a shitty 4chan comment thread , and then posting pictures of their horribly disfigured body when they screw something up in the kitchen . If I wanted to watch idiots maim themselves , I 'd turn on the NFL .
Why your website sucks : Well , in addition to the many reasons listed above , Deadspin also has the unfortunate gall to cross-link random Jezebel posts in the mistaken assumption that posting something from there will instill in me some sort of empathy toward women . I 'M HERE FOR THE SWEATY DUDES TOUCHING EACH OTHER , NOT THE ANGRY FEMINISM DUE TO MILLENNIA OF SYSTEMIC MISTREATMENT . I mean , fuck , if I wanted to hear women yell , I 'd load up RedTube and search `` hot+slampieces+loud . ''
Advertisement
Deadspin used to be about awesome stories that you could n't find elsewhere in sports media , but now it 's all sponsored posts and massive ad placements and blog posts from underpaid editorial assistants who secretly would rather work in snuff porn than post another ridiculous stock photo and annotate it in the hopes of driving pageviews . This site had HISTORY . It had Respected . Nowadays , it 's trying to match all the other gloreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee sites and buy itself a championship right next to ESPN and PFT , all to chug down those sweet , sweet advertising dollars . The sports gods are not happy .
Also : Kinja . Since last year 's WYWS , Kinja has undergone approximately 736 different layout configurations and currently requires a functioning , self-inserted catheter in order to submit a post . There are nuclear physicists who can not figure out the latest Kinja protocols—rest assured , though , as soon as they do finally figure out how to post , it 'll change again in two months . Probably to a series of fart noises run through Babelfish . Whoever designed Kinja is worse than Stalin and Hitler 's lovebaby .
Advertisement
Why your website does n't suck : It keeps Magary from roaming the streets and assaulting old ladies . You ca n't put a price on that kind of security . Also , like a tiny diamond in a mountain of steaming turds , there 's occasionally a good piece here .
The seven worst Deadspinners ever :
1 . Will Leitch . NO ONE LIKES YOUR MOVIE REVIEWS .
2 . Raysism . This guy has a serious problem . Waaaaaay too interested in punters .
3 . New Delhi Festival , 2003
4 . Iron Mike Gallego . Boxing 's dead . Get over it .
Advertisement
5 . Meatspin/necro crossovers
6 . A. J. Daulerio
7 . Katrina
Emails from Deadspin fans :
Justin :
Choke on 2 cocks and die fuckboy
Sent from my iPhone
Tom :
You are an asshole drew and somebody told you that you could write .
Why do n't you climb back into you pig sty and give it up .
Advertisement
Jeff :
You allude a lot to the 4th and 5 in Denver and Bailey mysteriously playing loose and not press and the uncalled holding and you forgot the helmet to helmet contact that was uncalled by Baltimore on the last drive because through this attempted satire you know all this is true . What you satirically say about Lewis is true . Why is what you say satirically being said all over outside Baltimore ? Everyone is wrong . Let 's see a coward like you joke about lewis ' victims to their families and say how great Lewis is to their faces you shit eating cowardly pussy .
Advertisement
Ivan :
You guys have the most lame articles , I mean really ranting and raving about weather the fact the REDSKINS should have a name change . Honestly no gives a shit about points or views that you guys have about the REDSKINS as a whole ! ! ! Unfortunately the name , team and fans are going to be around for a very long time so how about you guys talk or attempt to produce more interesting ; pressing issues then the fucking REDSKINS ! ! !
( Note : That was the email 's subject line ; the rest of the message was blank . )
Chris Kluwe spent eight years as the Vikings punter before signing with the Raiders in the offseason . They were cut on Sunday . Go read their book , Beautifully Unique Sparkleponies : On Myths , Morons , Free Speech , Football , and Assorted Absurdities . He 's @ ChrisWarcraft on Twitter .
Advertisement
Got more reasons Deadspin sucks ? Tell us in the comments below .
Gone is the fear of betrayal , and bilateral love , once again , is in the air . Georgia , the strategic crossroads for energy alternatives to Russia , finally announced on March 4 its pick for a supplier of extra gas , and the choice is longtime partner , Azerbaijan . The decision appears to knock both Iran and Russia 's state-run Gazprom out of the running , but still leaves the door open to collaboration between all four countries in other energy spheres .
“ We 're glad that the talks ended with success and that we 've made it to a decision that will deepen our strategic partnership [ with Azerbaijan ] even more , about which not a single doubt ever existed , ” a contented Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili declared at a meeting in Tbilisi with Rovnag Abdualayev , president of the State Oil Company of the Azerbaijani Republic ( SOCAR ) .
Abdullayev , in turn , underlined that SOCAR “ will continue its support for Georgia 's government ; ” in particular , by shelling out “ various forms of investment ” into the country .
The total amount of this “ investment ” — conceivably , a deal sweetener — is not known , but Georgia did manage to squeeze Azerbaijan 's commercial gas prices down a notch , from $ 318 to approximately $ 278- $ 283 per 1,000 cubic meters . It will receive an additional 500 million cubic meters of gas per year , an amount which Energy Minister Kakha Kaladze now claims “ satisfies the market ” demand .
That established , Tbilisi appears ready to call it a day with its gassy flirtation with the Russian energy-giant Gazprom . Gone is any talk about the advantages of “ diversification ” away from Azerbaijan , the source of most of Georgia 's gas .
While the talks with Gazprom are n't yet finished , Kaladze told reporters on March 4 , the Georgian government 's “ final proposal ” to Gazprom is that the two sides leave things as they are — a 10-percent annual cut for Georgia out of Russia 's gas shipments to neighboring Armenia . No date has been announced for the next Gazprom rendez-vous .
But nor will Tbilisi be linking up with Iran on gas . While Iranian gas purchases are “ theoretically ” possible , Kaladze stated , “ today the necessity [ for that ] does not exist . ”
So far , no sign of hard feelings . The spurred Gazprom and National Iranian Gas Export Company have not commented . Armenia , which enjoyed a brief run of celebrity as a possible energy-transit country for gas-shipments to Georgia from Iran , also has not made any remark .
Domestic critics of the Georgian government , though , do n't entirely buy it that Gazprom is now off the table . The various lines used by the government to justify its earlier talks with Gazprom made one opposition MP believes that Kaladze was just “ throwing ash ” in the public 's eyes . Another anti-Gazprom protest has been scheduled for March 6 in Tbilisi .
But some players are already on to the next big thing . Iranian Energy Minister Hamid Chitchian , for one , is looking forward to an electricity exchange between Iran , Azerbaijan , Georgia and Russia , with Iran exporting power in winter , and importing in summer . “ This way we could all decrease construction costs for . . . new power plants , ” the state-run Iranian news agency Fars quoted them as saying .
What goes for Azerbaijan , also goes for foe Armenia . Last December , Georgia , Russia and Iran penned a deal with Yerevan about a similar power-trade .
So , do n't expect this energy drama to end anytime soon .
When the 12,000 person city of Monticello , Minnesota voted overwhelmingly to put in a city-owned and -operated fiber-optic network that would link up all homes and business to a fast Internet pipe , the local telco sued to stop them . Wednesday , District Court Judge Jonathan Jasper dismissed the suit with prejudice after finding that the city was well within its rights to build the network by issuing municipal bonds . In this case , however , a total loss for the telco might actually turn out to be a perverse sort of victory .
The judge 's ruling , a copy of which was seen by Ars Technica , is noteworthy for two things : ( 1 ) the judge 's complete dismissal of Bridgewater Telephone Company 's complaint and ( 2 ) their obvious anger at the underfunding of Minnesota 's state courts . Indeed , the longest footnote in the opinion is an extended jeremiad about how much work judges are under and why it took so long to decide this case , even going so far as to cite approvingly a newspaper editorial backing more funds for the court .
Bridgewater 's basic complaint was that cities in Minnesota are not allowed to use bonds in order to offer data services to residents , because they lack the necessary authority . State statute says that such bonds may be issued for a host of projects ( sewers , stadia , playgrounds , and `` homes for aged , '' among others ) , and they can more generally be used to fund `` other public conveniences . '' But is Internet access a `` public convenience '' ?
According to the judge , the entire point of the statute is to give cities the money-raising authority they need to `` make a city a better place for its citizens to live . '' The fact that a fee would be charged to access the new fiber network is irrelevant ; such fees are also charged to use municipal swimming pools or subway systems or city-owned sports stadia and art galleries .
After a descent into grammar , which—if you were n't aware—is a `` complementary analytical tool for understanding how language is used in a statute to convey meaning , '' the judge got down to the heart of the matter . Cities have the express right to operate a telephone exchange and a cable system ; the legislature also noted that the goal of all this was to encourage deployment of `` higher speed telecommunications services and greater capacity for voice , video , and data transmission . '' This indicated that the `` public convenience '' was certainly meant to extend to data pipes , and the judge tossed the entire case .
Loss=win ?
Chris Mitchell of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance , which has been heavily involved in the case , praised the judge 's ruling , telling Ars that the entire case was little more than a `` delaying tactic . '' After the Monticello referendum that approved the project , Bridgewater sued the city and immediately rolled out a fiber deployment of its own .
In our own conversation with TDS Telecom , the parent company of Bridgewater , Ars was told that nine crews were in town , laying a 100-mile fiber network ( 20 miles were complete as of a month ago ) . That puts the city network at a disadvantage . Without being able to use funds from the bonds , the city has only been able to start construction on a basic loop to connect government offices and downtown businesses . The bigger buildout to residential homes now must be postponed until after Minnesota 's harsh winter , potentially giving TDS a big head start .
The city 's FiberNet installation ( courtesy MonticelloFiber.com )
In Mitchell 's view , this was the only point of the lawsuit ; even in defeat , Bridgewater has tied the project up for six months and delayed it into next year . TDS , for its part , insists to us that it simply wanted to protect taxpayers from covering an expensive system that TDS itself could operate more efficiently .
The telco might still appeal the ruling , but Mitchell was optimistic . `` We 've seen cities win these cases '' all across the US , they said , and the Minnesota ruling should give other cities in the state a `` giant green light '' to roll out such projects of their own .
As for Monticello , it will now have the profligate luxury of having two fiber optic networks where most cities have none . Monticello 's actions certainly spurred the TDS deployment , but the city now will have to compete with a telco for customers , as both offer similar services . Unlike the city , TDS can also undercut the city 's network on cost by subsidizing it with profits from the many other communities where the company operates , and no doubt TDS would like nothing better than to see the city 's project turn into an expensive , underused boondoggle .
`` See ? '' it can say . `` We sue because we care . And we turned out to be right . ''
Update
In a statement , Drew Petersen of TDS Telecom makes the best of bad situation . `` While disappointed with the courts decision , '' they write , `` we believe Judge Jasper recognized , on several occasions , including in their written decision , the validity of our suit when they state , 'the Court found that this litigation presented a substantial issue of statutory construction . ' ''
Having your entire case dismissed on the merits ca n't feel like much of a victory , though the judge 's words will allow the company to dispute the charge that the lawsuit was merely a frivolous delay tactic . TDS also stresses its commitment to its own fiber buildout and says that it `` will continue to move forward with our construction plan to complete our fiber network by the end of the year . ''
There has always been a sense of mission to Coldplay . “ We would like to be behind the idea of togetherness and acceptance , rather than finger-pointing and against-ness , ” Martin says . “ My manifesto is to not give up on the idea of humans working together . ”
Martin delivers this little homily with conviction , then shudders at the idea that it will reinforce notions of them as rock 's most starry-eyed idealist . They are a man given to making big statements , then immediately questioning them , prevaricating between self-belief and self-doubt . But for bassist Berryman , Martin 's emotional extremes are the essence of Coldplay . “ If you know Chris , and spend every day with him , you realise that he 's genuinely bouncing off the walls with happiness , or almost inconsolable . So I feel that the music we 've made is very true , it 's either up in the clouds or down in the dumps , and there 's not much in the middle . ”
The key to the album may be a sample of Barack Obama singing Amazing Grace at a funeral after a mass shooting in South Carolina in June . “ In a situation when they could have gone very revengeful and aggressive , they chose to do that , which was a powerful statement . That 's a good way of looking at life . Gracefully going through whatever you are going through . ”
So how do you clear a sample of the American president ? “ I 'm not sure they have a publishing company , ” says Champion . “ You have to call the White House . Or talk to Bono. ” Martin is circumspect . “ I asked a friend who was going to see him . And Obama said , ' I 'm sure we can make that happen . ' ”
“ If instead of saucers , UFOs looked more like breasts , I 'll bet there 'd be a lot more people trying to take pictures of them . ”
― Jarod Kintz ,
“ You tell me you love me , but I 'm not sure you know what love is , or how fast it flies , or how much it resembles a UFO , or what kind of weapon you 'd use to shoot it down . ”
― Jarod Kintz ,
Our Flagship product , the Magic-Flight Launch Box , has long been praised for being simultaneously Healthy , Stealthy , Wealthy and Wise . Whenever possible , we like to continue to use these adjectives as guidelines for all new products that we develop . One day last year , our founder walked into the workshop and gathered our engineers together to introduce the prototype for their latest creation , The UFO , an under-cover water pipe .
The idea was simple . Everyone enjoys the smooth draw of vapor cooled through a water pipe . However , not everyone wants to keep a bulky and breakable glass piece around the house , much less take it out in public . Thus , our founder began to experiment with creating a discreet , hand-held , non-breakable kit that fits in one 's pocket or purse . Thus the UFO was born . The Bamboo disc stealthily sits on top of just about any drinking glass or coffee mug .
Within seconds , it transforms the vessel from a regular cup into a water pipe , and then back again in the blink of an eye . We all had fun taking the prototypes home and testing them on various cups and mugs in order to find the perfect size . And , of course , as is our custom here at Magic-Flight , we tested it out in the field , experimenting with its furtive versatility .
The verdict ? Yep , it 's stealthy ! A curios bystander could even hold the UFO kit in their hands and still have no idea what they are looking at . We also relish the fact that the UFO is not actually a filtration device until it is assembled and paired with a glass , making it perfect for travel . As one can see , discretion was considered throughout the design process , from the overall design to the little details . One such feature is the series of perforations at the tip of the down-stem that serve to muffle the sound of the bubbles , altering it from a tell-tale gurgle to a barely-audible fizz . When considering such care and attention to detail , it is quite obvious why we take pride in this innovative addition to the bubbler family .
Once the UFO 's functionality was dialed in , all that was left was determining the name to laser onto the bamboo disc . Upon showing a working sketch to our founder via text , we were pleased to find the tireless experimenter taking an uncharacteristic , mid-day stroll on the beach . We were even more amused at their ingenuity in using the tools at hand to quickly convey their suggestions for how to proceed with the task of surface design .
The first photo , accompanied by the text “ not sure if you can see my dirt sketch ” , required further clarification . However , the subsequent photo , captioned with “ I upgraded to some new and improved dirt ” , not only put smiles on our faces , but also got the message across . Who does n't like new and improved dirt ? And with that , the UFO ( Unnamed Filtration Object ) began its journey out of the invention pile and into your hands . We ca n't wait to hear what you think !
XBOX ONE GAME EXPECTED TO RELEASE ON 11/18/2014 . YOU MAY DOWNLOAD THE GAME FROM XBOX LIVE BEFORE THEN , BUT IT WILL NOT BE PLAYABLE UNTIL 12:01 AM EST ON THE RELEASE DATE . Once purchase is complete , download this game by selecting the “ Manage ” button on the product details page on your console . You are the only one who can stop demons flooding into the land of Thedas . A cataclysmic event plunges the land of Thedas into turmoil . Dragons darken the sky , casting a shadow of terror over a once-peaceful kingdom . Mages break into all-out war against the oppressive Templars . Nations rise against one another . It falls to you and your party of legendary heroes to restore order as you lead the Inquisition , hunting down the agents of chaos . Bonds will form - and some will break - as the campaign for truth takes its toll . BioWare 's latest action-adventure delivers an unparalleled story set in a vast , changeable landscape . Explore hidden caves , defeat truly monumental creatures , and shape the world around you based on your unique play style . Explore , lead , and battle : tough choices define your experience , and even one decision can change the course of what 's to come . Smite your enemies with the Flames of the Inquisition weapons arsenal . Whether staff or daggers , greatsword or war hammer , these weapons will make short work of your foes . To get 10 % off your purchase and an exclusive trial five days before the release date , you 'll need to sign up for EA Access before you pre-purchase Dragon Age™ : Inquisition . The downloadable version of this game supports English , French , Italian , German , Spanish , Polish , Portuguese , Russian .
Show More
BEIJING - A Malaysian team have told relatives of Chinese passengers on board the missing Malaysia Airlines ( MAS ) flight MH370 that there was sealed evidence that can not be made public , as they came under fire from the angry relatives at a briefing on Wednesday .
The sealed evidence included air traffic control radio transcript , radar data and airport security recordings .
The briefing at the Metropark Lido Hotel in Beijing focused on UK satellite analysis which led Malaysia to conclude that flight MH370 ended in south Indian Ocean , off Perth .
The Chinese relatives were told that a five-member high-level team from Malaysia plans to brief them once every five days . The team include MAS pilot Lim Jit Koon and senior civil aviation official Ahmad Nizar Zolfakar .
During the question-and-answer session , a relative said : `` Thanks for demonstrating your ability to read every word out of the PowerPoint slides . ''
Another asked : `` If the info is from UK satellite firm Inmarsat , does it mean the Malaysia team can not answer our questions on the MH370 analysis ? ''
Faced with the barrage of questions from the angry relatives , the MAS team replied : `` We can answer but we might not be correct as we 're not the investigators '' :
They said Malaysia had requested for the British experts to join them for the briefing in Beijing but the latter declined .
They assured the relatives that the search and rescue operations for the plane have been stepped up but the hunt has been challenging as the search area is huge .
The Malaysian government and MAS have been criticised for their handling of the disappearance of MH370 on March 8 . They have been accused of being slow in disseminating information and not revealing everything about the incident .
Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Monday night that based on latest UK data analysis , the plane had gone down in a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean .
`` We demand you retract announcement that MH370 ended in south Indian Ocean and continue search-and-rescue operations , '' one relative said at the briefing .
Some family representatives targeted Malaysian envoy Iskandar Sarudin , asking him : `` You expect us to accept a report you can not defend ? ''
`` No comment , '' said Mr Iskandar .
They again declined to comment when asked `` how do you expect us to feel friendly towards Malaysia ? ''
Upset by the response from the Malaysia team , a relative said : `` You have once again left us speechless ! ''
Wednesday 's briefing was the first time the media were allowed to attend .
The relatives also accused MAS of not providing enough assistance to them .
`` Two-thirds of MH370 passengers are Chinese but only 50 caregivers ? '' asked a relative .
An airline official explained that they have had problem finding volunteers to help out .
When asked why the MAS office at the hotel was closed on Tuesday , the MAS officials said they were advised by the Chinese government not to be there given the tense mood among the relatives .
Sting and Bret Hart are my favorite wrestlers . While Bret has gotten some great figures from both Jakks and Mattel , Sting has been a bit underrepresented . I was ecstatic when Mattel announced Sting from their Great American Bash 90 match against Ric Flair was going to be featured in the Defining Moments line . But when the prototype surfaced , that excitement largely faded . Upon opening up the figure , I realized I was too optimistic . This figure is comprehensively one of Mattel 's worst figures in the entire line , which frustrates me to no end .
Packaging : The Defining Moments line puts the figure in a very classy presentation . The black and gold color scheme offers a nice amount of elegance and showcases the figure in a unique way to really stand out on shelves .
I love the personalized touches like the stars and stripes along the back window and the stage-setting bio remains a favorite . In this case though , Mattel 's fact checkers were asleep at the wheel mentioning Sting 's blue and silver jacket , which is a pretty big goof especially for MOC collectors .
Likeness : Here 's possibly the biggest hit of the figure for me . Without the face paint and flattop , you 'd be hard-pressed to find Sting in this likeness . Instead of looking fired up after getting chopped for the 12th time , Sting looks really confused . Mattel likes to use the open mouth sculpts , but rarely gets the rest of that look correct so the eyes and eyebrows look like Sting just woke up from a nap and he 's preparing to brush their teeth .
You know Mattel is going to crank out a slew of Surfer Stings so it was vital to get the head sculpt right . This was a major letdown that hopefully will get addressed quickly with a different head as quickly as the Sid Justice figure .
[ irp ]
I 'm also not the biggest fan of the body chosen . Sting did n't have the super defined physique of their best friend Lex Luger , but they are n't doughy either . Mattel opted to use the Batista torso , but the Steve Austin or British Bulldog torso probably would have been a better fit .
Adding the rat tail was a nice touch however , and I 'm curious if future Surfer Sting figures will keep or ditch it based on the appropriate era . Mattel initially released an assortment of the figure with incorrect laced boots , but a corrected laceless version is already making its way to stores . I 'm glad Mattel fixed that instead of paying lip service to fans and never getting it done .
Scale : Sting was billed at 6 ' 2 ” just a bit taller than the 6 ' 1 ” Ric Flair and shorter than the 6 ' 4 ” Lex Luger and 6 ' 5 ” Barry Windham . Sting 's head is oversized , which throws off that accuracy of the scale . It 's big and sits low in the neck , which still makes them taller than Flair , but not as short as they should be compared to Windham or Sid Vicious .
Paint : The GAB look has always been a nightmare for those collectors not as talented with customizing . The stars and stripes look was one of Sting 's more complex face paint designs and combined with the red and white striped Scorpion logo , this is Sting 's look I 'll be more forgiving than most for paint problems . The scorpion came out perfect , easily the best aspect of the figure .
Finding a completely perfect jacket will probably take some searching , but that 's probably less important than a figure with a good face paint sculpt .
Articulation : Defining Moment figures feature no more or any less articulation than your typical Elite figure . With Sting , that means you wo n't have any problem slapping on a Scorpion Deathlock or nailing a Stinger Splash .
With the goofy torso selected for Sting , they ca n't bring their arms close to the side so he 's got an ape visual going on . I 'm not sure why Mattel gave them an open left hand . Sting was a high-level brawler so fists definitely would have been more appropriate . My figure had very loose hips so holding wide poses was a challenge . Honestly I appreciate pretty much everything that could go wrong with the figure being wrong .
Accessories : Sting has one accessory , which is great or lousy depending on your display preference . If you just want Sting to stand on your shelf , you 're OK to an extent . Want more and you 're going to get frustrated quickly .
Sting gets the same stiff style plastic jacket we 've seen before with a Bret Hart exclusive . The jacket has very little give so you ca n't have Sting posed with their hands on their hips like that iconic pre-match pose behind the sparkles . The jacket 's lack of pliability almost makes for one of those nerve-wracking experiences where I was concerned I was going to break Sting 's arms off just from removing the jacket . If Mattel wants to persist in ditching cloth , they really need to find a more flexible material .
Sting ( Great American Bash 90 )
Considering this look is from Sting 's first NWA World Championship , it was also disappointing Mattel did n't include the WCW World title we 've seen with figures like the Defining Moments Ric Flair .
Worth it ? After getting characters like the APA with a table and door and Lita with two shirts , the $ 26 price tag seems more than a little excessive here . Mattel has been coasting on the Defining Moments name for a while now essentially charging for in demand characters and a fancy box without that something extra to moderately justify the cost . Considering the origin of the line , which featured cloth attires and title belts , there 's no way Sting is n't a victim of some serious price gouging here .
Where to find it ? Toys R Us is starting to become the first and best option for new WWE figures as it 's ‘ scooped ' the competition in getting the figures to shelves . Eventually , you 'll be able to find Sting at Target , Wal-Mart , etc . Amazon.com also has them in stock as well .
Rating : 2 out of 10
This figure is an outright disaster . That 's especially disappointing as the WCW Crow version Sting is one of my favorites in the entire line . I 'd naturally be more forgiving on Sting figures , but this one is just completely wrong on too many levels . Hopefully Mattel just totally overhauls everything on future Surfer Sting figures . Otherwise I might just stick to customizers .
Jermain Defoe stands on an arid landscape with Sky Sports News transfer klaxon Dharmesh Sheth , looking a little lost
One of the greatest tweets of our time was by Jermain Defoe . I 'll set the scene : it 's August , 2014 . The weather is dusky , and it 's about 8.16PM so the sun , most likely , is setting . Jermain Defoe takes a delivery to the door of their Toronto mansion . Inside : three tins of custard , two litre-cartons of custard . It is a semi-substantial amount of gratis custard . Jermain Defoe was expecting a delivery of new football boots or something . They were expecting their advance copy of FIFA . This is a box of custard . `` Do I have to do a tweet ? '' he 's asking . `` Are Ambrosia a sponsor or something ? '' They do have to do a tweet , yes . And so : the least convincing `` Wow . '' in human history ; a thumbs up weaker than those demonstrated by dehydrated prisoners hauled from lethally dark pits they have been buried in for months ; a shredder , plugged in to a distant socket , hovering in the background . This is the clinging , gnawing despair of the Englishman abroad in one painful image . This is a man with diamond earrings worth more than your car being forced to hop and clap like a circus bear as thanks for their Ambrosia delivery . This is Jermain Defoe saying thanks for their personalised tin of custard :
If you agree that tweets are the primary communication of our time and that in years to come stand-out tweets will be ushered into the literary cannon , that 50 Cent taking their grandmother 's garbage out will one day be considered as important as , say , Ulysses , then arguably , yes : this Jermain Defoe tweet feigning excitement about three tins and two cartons of custard is their own personal `` For Sale : Baby shoes , never worn '' .
On NOISEY : How Common is Ghostwriting , And Should You Be Okay With It ?
But , right , listen : would Jermain Defoe have tweeted this picture of them posing unconvincingly with some custard had they had a responsible adult around ? A little hand around the shoulder to say : `` Hey , Jermain , shh . No . Shh . Do n't tweet the Ambrosia , mate . You look really sad . You look really sad at custard . '' A friend , you know ? A protector . A guardian . A PA .
Reader , I could be that PA .
§
Jermain Defoe is looking for a PA . Here 's the advert , on a funly-named secretary website called `` Secs in the City '' . You , like me , are probably screaming right now , `` MY HEAD IS A WHIRL ! I MUST BE JERMAIN DEFOE 'S PA ! `` : buddy , I get you . But let 's step back and pick some topline thoughts , some assorted highlights :
— The underlying , unwritten context to this job listing does n't seem to be `` Jermain Defoe would like to pay you to do these extremely basic tasks for him '' ; the underlying context is `` Jermain Defoe is unable to perform these extremely basic tasks , for reasons , and so is proposing to pay you money and have you on call 24/7 so that you can do them '' . Do you think Jermain Defoe knows how to get a shirt dry-cleaned ? Do you think Jermain Defoe knows how to buy a sofa ? The social events calendar responsibilities include `` Thatre , Concerts , Cinema , Musicals '' . Did Jermain Defoe , locked in the prison of a professional football academy from the age of 15 , ever learn how to phone up and book four tickets to see Wicked ? I would put it to you that they did not ;
— The main thing I love about this job listing is how it spirals from the usual PA specialisms ( `` Have the highest level of office duties including managing emails and dealing with all incoming telephone enquires '' ) through to more niche stuff ( `` Select and Organise wardrobe with specific designers for special events/appearances i.e . Oswald boateng , Harrods , ZAP etc '' ) through to just straight up mad shit ( `` Create their own clothing line/Fragrance for e-commerce on their website '' ) . It 's a hundred jobs at once , a million jobs at once . Essentially , you are organising every single aspect of Jermain Defoe 's life for him , and then developing a clothing line on their behalf – AND A CHARITY :
For £50,000–£59,999 per annum rate dependent , you can live Jermain Defoe 's life in their place ;
— One of the jobs – again , the same person who is wiping up dog shits and organising family outings to the cinema but also liaising with adidas and creating a clothing line and charity – is `` Producing their own iphone apps '' . To which the question is : who is going to download a Jermain Defoe app ? Who is going to download multiple Jermain Defoe apps ?
— Another component of the role is `` Writing minutes and taking dictations '' . What is Jermain Defoe dictating ? Jermain Defoe , in a tracksuit and hoody , pacing their kitchen . `` Scored goal at weekend . Header . Hoping for a few more . '' Do you have to type that up ? Who is going to read it ? Is being Jermain Defoe really such a big business that it requires notetaking ?
— Here is a documented list of all the special occasions Jermain Defoe needs help planning throughout the year : `` Mother 's day , Fathers Day , Easter , Black history month , Bonfire , Christmas , New years etc . '' Here 's how you cope with those events , Jermain Defoe — Mother 's Day : buy a card . Father 's Day : buy a card . Easter : buy some eggs . Bonfire : go to a bonfire . Christmas : buy some presents . New Year 's Eve : have an underwhelming night at the same pub you always go to but somehow tonight you have to pay £20 to get in . But squint your eyes and look past that to this : Black History Month . How hard does Jermain Defoe go in on Black History Month ? I mean , is they celebrating it every single day ? Are you , the PA , expected to organise 30 separate BHM events , to be enjoyed alone at home by Jermain Defoe , sad but reverent in their pyjamas , watching MLK documentary after MLK documentary ? Jermain Defoe , in bed , reading a biography of Mandela ? What , exactly , are the expectations here ?
§
In life we must ask ourselves difficult questions , such as : do I want to be Jermain Defoe 's PA ? I have thought about it for upwards of 45 minutes and decided that yes , I want to be Jermain Defoe 's PA . Critics will say : well , your skillset in your job at VICE leaves you entirely unprepared to be Jermain Defoe 's PA . I mean you do n't even do your own transcription , the critics are saying , you get the interns to do it . A valid response . But Jermain Defoe does n't need a PA . They need a saviour .
The Jermain Defoe of this PA job listing is some sort of magnificent idiot , good only for sidefooting easy balls into the nets of bottom-ten football clubs then speedily peeling away to celebrate , good only for posing on or near some custard and taking penalties . The man can not even get themselves to the cinema without paid assistance . Jermain Defoe needs to pay someone to talk to the gardeners for him , the gardeners who are also paid . They are paying people to talk to each other about their garden . Is Jermain Defoe happy with their lot in life ? Look again at the Ambrosia photo . Look deep into those eyes .
They are not .
On VICE Sports : Player of the Weekend – James Morrison , for services to anonymity
My worry is that Jermain Defoe is not capable of living without paid assistance . My worry is the future of Jermain Defoe . Jermain Defoe is 32 : there 's only so many years they can continue to tonk in ten goals a year in the Premier League . Then the MLS beckons , or Qatar , or India . And then what ? Jermain Defoe , the only man on earth to have ever downloaded the Jermain Defoe app , sitting quietly alone in their kitchen , unable to comprehend how to care for their dogs . Jermain Defoe , stranded in a colossal Teeside mansion , unable to organise a ticket-for-one trip to the Odeon in their post-career , post-PA world . Jermain Defoe , not knowing Oswald Boateng 's phone number , driving trouserless to Lee Cattermole 's wedding . Jermain Defoe eating a cold tin of custard .
Can I save you , Jermain Defoe ? I do not know . I am not an organised man , nor a particularly hard worker . But get me in on a trial day , mate . Let 's have a kickabout in your garden , which I imagine has tiny practice-sized nets in it , and assorted well-inflated balls . I imagine you fully celebrate every goal you sidefoot past me on an 8 ' x 8 ' pitch . I 'll let it happen . We 'll go inside and make strong squash and talk about football . I 'll teach you how to tuck the wires on your shredder away so they do n't look so unsightly . We 'll go and see The Man From U.N.C.L.E . together . Then , slowly , you 'll do things for yourself : pick up a dog shit , type an email , decide that maybe a Jermain Defoe app is one of the greatest examples of hubris in human history and quietly scrap it . And then , with the freedom of owning the multitude tiny chores that make up your existence , you will start to truly live . Let me help you , Jermain Defoe . Take me by the hand and give me £59,999 per year and let me teach you how to be you . You do not need a PA , Jermain Defoe . You do not need an app . You need to start living .
@ joelgolby
More stuff from VICE :
Chronicles of Premature Ejaculation
Why the Fuck Do Air Shows Still Exist ?
'Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain ' Is the Perfect Stealth Game
Pint : Heineken x1 and Estrella x1
Food : Halloumi and falafel wrap from Pret
Sam :
I had to drink one pint Heineken and one Estrella because they run out of Heiney but I feel fine although maybe I 'm getting a bit paranoid now because when I came back to the office I felt like everyone was staring at me . Maybe I drank my first pint too fast , in like eleven minutes give or takje , but I also feel like I drank my second one in a time slow enough to make up for it . I definitely feel a lot more “ boisterous ” and also i fucking ate my wrap in about fifteen seconds . I really put it out in front of me too , over my keyboard , so that it did n't ruin my jumper – I 'm not an idiot .
ANyway , I would say that now would be the perfect time for me to run into an idea 's session . I never feel more stimulated than ever when I have a pint in hand , hand stool at my arse , table in front of me , someone sat there and letting me talk , maybe some Bee Gees on the radio over the pub speakers . It 's bliss . Maybe I was gesticulating more than usual earlier when I was chatting in the pub and I do this thing where I take a step back when I 'm about to talk and I go like , “ Well ... ” like I ; 'm about to say something incredibly interesting , but besides that nope , fine . I 'm fine . Bit tired . But fine .
Sam 's Editor :
“ Bollocks ” , mutters Sam , fidgeting with a crumbly , possibly lukewarm , Pret wrap . I worried they were getting lairy , but they seem to have returned from the pub in vigorous mood .
Arching themselves over their desk space to conduct office chatter , turning heads to all and various as you would over brandies at a dinner party , he 's getting a little too sociable – and yet he 's been oddly productive , filing big stories well ahead of time and coming up with solid ideas at the drop of a hat . Not what I had expected .
More like this and a two pint lunch might have to be mandatory .
Climate Cast : Is 2016 likely to be the hottest year on record ?
We 're off and running at a record pace for another warmest year on record . First , January was the warmest month ever , globally , compared to the 20th century average . Now new satellite data shows February was the warmest month ever recorded globally — compared to average .
This particular data set , from the University of Alabama , Huntsville , is widely used by climate change skeptics to try and discredit the more robust and highly accurate surface temperature records .
It 's an eye-opening development for climate scientists . But is the background Muzak of climate change , plus the still relevant , but fading , `` Super El Nino '' enough to equal yet another global temperature record this year ?
MPR Chief Meteorologist Paul Huttner talks to St. Thomas professor John Abraham .
Winners
The Steelers Offense
When Todd Haley was building this offense over the last couple of seasons , in between intense goatee sculpting sessions , I imagine yesterday is what the Steelers had in mind . The best game of Ben Roethlisberger 's career was made possible by every member of their ( relatively ) young receiving corps and their pleasantly surprising second-year running back .
Getting to face a Colts secondary without Vontae Davis — who 's been playing at a Pro Bowl level all season — certainly helped , but Roethlisberger put up 522 yards and six touchdowns , with a completion percentage in the 80s , against a team that came into the game ranked second in pass defense DVOA . A day like that is about more than one guy , on both sides of the ball .
Antonio Brown continues to be a superhero . With Calvin Johnson and A.J . Green hurt , and both Jordy Nelson and Julio Jones slowing down , it 's safe to say he 's been the best receiver in football . Brown leads the league in receptions , and is second in both yards and touchdowns . Their five-catch , 50-yard streak now sits at something like 528 games ( approximately ) . It 's starting to feel like he 's making it harder on themselves just because he 's bored . They probably could have used two hands on that first touchdown catch yesterday , but that would have been too easy .
Games like the one they had against the Colts — 10 catches for 133 yards and two touchdowns — are what we expect from Brown , but the new guys were also getting in on the fun . Martavis Bryant has been active for only two games , but he 's already hauled in three touchdowns and given Pittsburgh 's offense an added deep-ball dimension . Markus Wheaton got on the board for the first time all year , and Le'Veon Bell added six catches of their own .
The Steelers defense still leaves plenty to be desired , even against teams not quarterbacked by Andrew Luck . But if they can be even a fraction of what they were yesterday , they 'll be in just about every game they play . Even with their bumpy start , the Steelers are now firmly in the AFC North race , just as they 're starting to hum along offensively .
Rob Gronkowski and Arian Foster
We 've all been there . You 're at home or at a bar , giddily watching a player lay waste to a defense , scoring at will . Out of curiosity , you check your fantasy scores , and you realize what you 've been enjoying is also what 's ruined your week .
That was Gronk and Arian Foster yesterday — both with multiple touchdowns in walking-away wins . For both Patriots fans and Gronkowski owners , it was a welcome sight to see Gronk in the safety-exploding mode he 's found in the past . New England eased them back over its first few games , but now Gronk is a go , and they embarrassed the Bears yesterday . It was n't just that the tight end got in the end zone three times , it was how they did it : stealing Shea McClellin 's lunch money down in the red zone , then catching a ball over the middle and taking it 30 yards for a score . Gronk gronk 'd , and if they had n't left the game early in the third quarter , it probably would have been even worse .
There has been no easing in for Foster this year . Save for the game against Buffalo , which they probably should have skipped anyway , he 's been one of the safest bets around . Foster has topped 100 yards in six of the seven games he 's played , while averaging 5.2 yards per carry and finding the end zone seven times . He 's on pace for the type of casual 300-carry , 1,500-yard season that just does n't happen much anymore . It 's all the more impressive when you consider he 's coming off back surgery that cost them half of last season .
Lavonte David
If ever there were a case for an NFL program that loaned out great players on shitty teams for the stretch run , Lavonte David made it yesterday . They were everywhere against the Vikings , racking up 14 tackles , including three behind the line of scrimmage , and three more than went for fewer than 2 yards . Would n't it be better for everyone if there were a leaguewide bid for them after Week 12 and they spent the rest of the year on a team like the Patriots ? Every year , as the Bucs ' season starts to deteriorate , David still plays like he 's being shot out of a cannon .
Sammy Watkins
“ We 've got to do this all of the time , not some of the time , ” Doug Marrone said yesterday after the Bills hung up 43 points . Sadly , coach , you do n't get to play the Jets secondary every week . But you do get to keep Sammy Watkins . Watkins averaged 52.3 yards per catch yesterday , and managed to make up for their early-celebration gaffe by catching a 61-yard touchdown two quarters later . Kyle Orton had 238 yards and four touchdowns while throwing only 17 passes , which makes me wonder why the hell the Bills threw the ball only 17 times .
Losers
The Bears Defense
You could sell the Patriots ' drive chart from this game as a horror movie spec script . Anyone who 's seen the Bears try to defend the middle of the field this year should have known Gronkowski was going to gore them … but , man . Tom Brady really could n't have had an easier time . Of the 27 passes Brady threw to their top three targets , exactly zero fell incomplete : 9-of-9 to Gronk , 11-of-11 to Brandon LaFell , 7-of-7 to Tim Wright . That 's almost impossible . You 'd assume that even the laws of nature would see one of those hit the turf .
It was n't much better on the ground . Somebody named Jonas Gray ripped off 5.1 yards per carry , as the Chicago run defense started to look like the one that ended the season a year ago . I 'm not sure what else there is to say or do , so I 'll be crawling back into bed to cry now .
Blake Bortles
There are bad days as a rookie quarterback , and then there 's what Blake Bortles did yesterday . Their overall numbers were n't great — 18-of-34 for 221 yards , one touchdown , and two picks — but they were made even worse when you realize both of those picks were returned for touchdowns .
Giving the Dolphins 14 points was particularly heartbreaking , considering how well the rest of the Jaguars fared against Miami . Denard Robinson has finally given Jacksonville some semblance of a running game , carrying the ball 18 times for 108 yards against one of the better defenses in the league . Rookie Allen Robinson continues to play well , and the Jacksonville defense managed to slow down Ryan Tannehill , a week after they lit the Bears on fire . “ I 'm killing us , ” Bortles told Jaguars.com after the game . Sometimes , quarterbacks take on a bit too much of the blame , but yesterday they were probably right .
The Falcons
I 'm still not sure how the Falcons managed to lose . Forget how Atlanta gave up a 21-point first-half lead . When Matt Ryan hit Julio Jones on a 22-yard gain to take the game to the two-minute warning , the game should have been over . But when third down crept up again , with 1:50 left — and with the Lions out of timeouts — a similar throw to Jones fell incomplete , giving Detroit new life and more than a minute and a half to march down the field . If the Falcons had run the ball there , the best possible situation for the Lions is that they 're on their own 20 , with no timeouts and about 45 seconds to go 50 yards .
At one point in the Lions ' final drive , it looked like Jim Caldwell 's screwup might have been enough to overcome Mike Smith 's . A team done in by their kicking all year decided it was best to settle for a 43-yard field goal to win the game . I think we 've all seen what happens next . Matt Prater pushed the kick to the right . A delay-of-game penalty gave them another shot from five yards back . Of course , it went in . It 's a tough year to be the Falcons .
Geno Smith
That should just about do it for the Geno Smith era in New York . Smith turned in one of the all-time bad quarterback lines in their short stint against the Bills : 2-of-8 , five yards , three interceptions . Typically , it 's good to finish a game with at least five more yards than you have picks .
At 1-7 , the Jets might be tempted to stick with Smith for the rest of the year , but at this point , it seems there 's little they can do to enter next season with the inside track to start . With Rex Ryan likely gone , general manager John Idzik will probably be looking to pair their new head coach with a new quarterback . What the Jets have to hope for now is that they do n't win too many games and take themselves out of the Marcus Mariota sweepstakes .
J.J. Watt
This is hard for me , but we need to address the Zach Mettenberger–J.J . Watt selfie fiasco . Earlier this week , rookie and king Mettenberger was named the starting quarterback of the Tennessee Titans . Mettenberger was so firmly dedicated to their White Goodman look for Halloween that they did their first press conference as an NFL starter with a mustache , feathered hair , and a headband . That 's devotion .
Before yesterday 's game , Mettenberger snapped a selfie of themselves in the locker room . It seemed like a pretty innocent way to document a big day in a guy 's life . I do n't know . I do n't care .
Apparently , J.J. Watt did . After sacking Mettenberger yesterday , Watt took their own fake selfie , with them and the crumpled quarterback underneath him .
Getty
That part was funny . What happened after the game was n't . “ It 's just kind of a reminder , this is the National Football League , not high school . Welcome to the show , ” Watt said . “ I just , I take my job very seriously . If I was a rookie quarterback being named the starter for the first time in the league , I feel like I 'd be a little bit more focused than that. ” According to science , Watt is two years older than Mettenberger . But based on the old-man-yells-at-cloud scale , Watt has decades on the Titans QB . This “ I hate fun ” look is n't good on you , J.J. You do all the maniacal focusing you want , but damn , let the kid live .
By Staff Writers
Speaking to reporters on Friday whilst keeping a stern eye on their girlfriend 's Facebook Messenger status , local man Hugo Richards lamented at how easy life was managing a Linux system compared to managing their relationship .
“ I 'm in full control of my operating system and I know everything that gets installed or stored on it , ” they said , with the slightest grimace as they stared at the sudden green ‘ online ' symbol light up on their girlfriend 's Messenger profile , before muttering , “ God , what 's they up to now ? ”
Mr. Richards went on to explain that in the computer world , permissions are explicit and an admin could always know what 's going on in the system . “ Sometimes , ” they said . “ I just wish I could chmod 644 my girlfriend , you know ? Or maybe even chmod 600 , but I would n't want to appear clingy or anything . But right now , I feel like she 's getting around with a chmod 777 applied to her . ”
An acquaintance of Mr. Richards , who wished to remain anonymous , says that their friend should look on the bright side : “ Old mate Hugo , yeah , maybe they appear a bit paranoid now and then . To be honest , I 'm surprised they even have that girl . If they were a program , I reckon they would have had to run ‘ sudo will-you-date-me ' on them Or ‘ sudo touch ' . Heh . Actually , do n't publish that last part , okay ? ”
In the latest reports , things have apparently spiraled further out of control for Hugo Richards . “ She spends less time at home and keeps getting all dressed up and fancy-like , even when she 's supposedly going to work , ” they said . “ Man , she 's like Windows , doing shit in the background that you do n't know about . I have no idea what 's going on in that mind of hers . ”
“ Why ca n't women come with the source code included ? ! ” they added finally , with visible anguish .
After Diocletian 's death , the palace was first a refuge for exiled imperial family members . Then , after destruction of the nearby Roman city of Salona by the Avars and Slavs at the beginning of the 7th century , the palace became a shelter for fleeing citizens , later a medieval town , a Renaissance regional center , and eventually a major city , with core elements of the palace still prominent today . Thomas Swick 's essay , `` Croatian Pop '' captures the spirit of Split best :
How was this scene created ? In essence , the palace , which spanned almost 10 acres , contained enough elements of classical urbanity—including the gridded crossroads of a military camp ( the ancient castrum and its standard roads , the decumanus and cardo ) , as well as several ceremonial spaces and religious structures—that when repopulated after the destruction of Salona , it became easily adaptable to what we now consider urban uses .
This unintentional convertibility shows an interesting evolution over time . A mausoleum became a cathedral , the cardo became the winding medieval street that remains today , the crossing of the decumanus and cardo at the peristyle ( a classical courtyard below the Emperor 's apartments ) became a baptistry , public square and historic urban center , and the Emperor 's apartments became the structural framework of a residential area .
Due to this fascinating progression , Split has drawn visitors for hundreds of years . The Scottish architect Robert Adam profiled its unrivaled preservation of Roman architecture in 1764 , through collected drawings , viewable here , often acknowledged as inspiration for the Georgian architectural tradition of parts of London , Bath and Bristol .
In the last century , many excavations and publications by local and American teams have admirably documented the palace 's history and transformation ( including the often cited work of Jerko and Tomas Marasovic ) . In a 1970 book , the Marasovic brothers advocated a universal message in the context of continuing investigation , discovery and restoration to `` ensuring ... renewed function within the context of a modern urban community . ''
The confluence of past and present discussed here is not often mentioned in the American dialogue . This is a missed opportunity . I believe that visiting Diocletian 's Palace and reflecting on how the old can blend ( and , in fact , be adapted to suit ) the new provides incomparable perspective .
This can add value to today 's discussion of familiar building restoration approaches , or even already innovative , largely replacement-style redevelopment of areas like a former military base , an airport ( e.g . the former Stapleton Airport in Denver ) , or an institutional campus . The scale of adaptation in Split confirms how humans can be at home and enriched by large-scale incorporation of the past .
A National Geographic Center for Sustainable Destinations summary of Split hints at the potential lessons :
There was little in the way of organized tourism around the ruins— -- there was an outdoor café in the middle of them . However , I found this integration of the historic and the contemporary to be quite pleasing .
Family life exists amid shops , restaurants and bars , with more recent wayfinding signs summarizing venues at the head of narrow streets . Swick aptly continues :
But what really distinguishes the complex today is not its size or its symmetries but its fantastic utilitarianism . It is not just that people now gather where Praetorian Guards once strolled , but that they live here . In what must stand as one of the world 's , if not first , at least most spectacular instances of adaptive reuse , the citizens of Split blithely built their dwellings within the palace .
In other cities , some historic urban cores survive , and there are many examples , from Istanbul to Venice to Jerusalem . Old towns , often within formerly defensive walls , become functional , large-scale artifacts , some evolved urban areas and some tourist meccas . In contrast to Split , they were always , first and foremost , cities or towns .
Moving forward , we should design and regulate in a way that the inadvertence described here becomes more purposeful , enabling sustainable reuse on a broader scale . Examples include zoning and building code provisions that anticipate land assembly and not property-by-property approaches that allow for convertible uses in buildings , a robust mixture of old and new materials , and the outright recognition that both public and private spaces can realize new uses over time .
Lenders , often the true drivers of development , should understand the benefits of such reactivated places . Indeed , some states and cities have policies encouraging the concept of adaptive reuse .
Throughout history , cities have fulfilled central cultural , economic and religious roles as both centers of settlement and qualitative measures of human habitat . To reinvent them ( or juxtapose the best of the past ) , we need to know where we have been and where we are going , at more than a building scale .
The annual Rodeo Road Trip is among us , and the San Antonio Spurs will hit the road for an eight-game trip starting on Monday , Feb 6 .
Spurs @ Memphis Grizzlies
This marks the first game of the trip as the Spurs matchup against a divisional foe . The Grizzlies ( 31-22 ) are 9.5 games behind San Antonio in the Southwest Division rankings , and will be looking to cut into that lead . Traditionally , the Grizzlies are a tough game for San Antonio due to their toughness and physicality on both ends of the floor , and playing the game at home could give them an extra boost of energy . With this being the first meeting between the teams , I expect the Spurs to start their road swing on the right foot in a tough battle . However , considering this is one of the toughest games during the road swing , do not be surprised if Memphis pulls out a win .
Spurs @ Philadelphia 76ers
The Spurs will be looking to sweep the season series with the 76ers in the second game of the road trip . In their meeting x night , San Antonio came away with a 102-86 win . Despite the final score , Philadelphia ( 18-31 ) held a 53-48 lead at halftime . The Spurs outscored the 76ers 54-33 in the second half to blow the game open . This time on the road , I expect another feisty showing from this young 6ers team , but San Antonio should still come away victorious .
Spurs @ Detroit Pistons
San Antonio goes for another sweep of an Eastern Conference opponent in this game , this time against Detroit . In their previous meeting , the Spurs won 96-86 . The Pistons ( 23-28 ) fought hard in that game , and even held a lead at halftime before being outscored 26-15 in the third quarter . Pistons big man Andre Drummond is a double-double machine , and will once again create problems down low this game . With this being the third game on the road , this could possibly serve as a trap game , especially since the Detroit played a tough game in the last meeting . However , San Antonio should still be favored .
Spurs @ New York Knicks
The Knicks are once again submerged in drama , as rumors indicate that Carmelo Anthony could find themselves playing for a new team . New York ( 22-30 ) is currently eleventh in the Eastern Conference , and would love to turn their season around . However , I think San Antonio should be able to come out of Madison Square Garden with a win .
Spurs @ Indiana Pacers
This could be viewed as another tricky game during this trip , since this is the only back-to-back game on the slate . Indiana ( 28-22 ) has won six consecutive games and is playing with extreme confidence . With the Spurs traveling from New York the night before , Indiana has a chance to nab this game in front of their home crowd .
Spurs @ Orlando Magic
In their first meeting of the season , the Magic ( 20-33 ) rolled into San Antonio and won 95-83 . So , they will be looking to complete a season sweep of the Spurs . Despite coming away with a win the first time , San Antonio should be favored to get some revenge in Orlando .
Spurs @ Los Angeles Clippers
The Spurs travel to the City of Angels for the final two games of the Rodeo Road Trip , and face the Clippers in the first game . No matter the circumstance , the Clippers ( 31-20 ) always provide a challenge for the Spurs , and this game should be no different . In fact , in their first meeting of the season , the Clippers won 106-101 at home . This game could have the same result if the Clippers are fully healthy . If not , the Spurs will have a solid chance to come away with another win . I expect it to be a close game until the final buzzer .
Spurs @ Los Angeles Lakers
In the final game of their road swing , the Spurs will take on the Lakers . San Antonio has handled the Lakers ( 17-36 ) in their first two meetings of the season , including a 40-point drubbing last month . The Spurs have the Lakers number this year , and I expect a third win in the season series for the Silver and Black .
Overall , this year 's edition of the Rodeo Road Trip looks to be a good one . With the exception of a few potential stumbles during the swing , the Spurs should be favored in a majority of these games .
Twitter : @ OhMarquez
QSP
W : quantstamp.com
Social : Telegram Twitter , Reddit
Team : quantstamp.com
Whitepaper
Exchanges : Etherdelta , Binance , Huobi , Gate.io
Circulating Supply : 617,314,171 QSP
Total Supply : 976,442,388 QSP
Quantstamp is a “ first of it 's kind security-audit protocol designed to find vulnerabilities in Ethereum smart contracts ” . A Smart contract is a program that controls the transfer of Cryptocurrencies or assets in a peer-to-peer transaction under certain conditions .
The project will create an automated process to audit smart contracts of bugs and security vulnerabilities making smart contracts . This will allow smart contracts to become more secure and eliminate the possibility of human error and potential hacks . The QSP token will be used by companies to pay for the auditing services as well as rewarding security experts for finding bugs and investors for running nodes .
A unique system has also been created to reward token holders through “ Proof Of Caring ” . This will reward QSP holders who show they care about the project through showing support , helping with improvements , or even just spreading awareness of the project . The amount of QSP you receive from these tasks is determined by your Proof Of Care score which is in turn made up of the amount of QSP you own , and how long you have held them .
Quantstamp is an interesting project that brings a much-needed improvement to the Blockchain system with a large community and experienced team .
Green , Boudreau react to suspension
When Mike Green limped off the ice after a light skate this morning , they did not look like they could play 24 hours from now .
As it turns out , the NHL took the decision out of their hands .
Green was suspended this morning for three games without pay for their elbow to the head of Michael Frolik on Friday night . The NHL 's leading scorer among defenseman will forfeit $ 81,606.21 .
Green referred all questions about the league 's decision to Coach Bruce Boudreau . But the defenseman said they did n't think they deserved a penalty .
`` No , I did n't at all , '' Green said . `` I 've thrown that body check where you kind of come across - I did n't come across too aggressive . I 'll let Bruce talk about the rest . ''
Green got a two minute minor penalty for the infraction ; Frolik was shaken up but finished the game .
Boudreau , who was involved in the telephone hearing , did not agree with Mike Murphy 's decision . ( Murphy made the ruling because Colin Campbell 's son , Gregory , plays for the Panthers . )
`` I do n't know how to react anymore , '' they said . `` Obviously I 'm very upset about it . But what can you do ? It 's like fighting a ticket [ when ] you know you 're not doing something wrong , from the police . You ca n't argue with them . I better not say nothing . I 'm just livid about whole thing anyway . ''
Asked again , Boudreau shot back : `` I 'm using 'livid ' right now , and I 'm not going any further with it . Do n't try to put something in my mouth where I end up saying something stupid . So let 's talk about something else , okay . ''
When Boudreau was told that Green referred all questions to him , the coach chuckled and said : `` Is they going to lend me the money ? '' Boudreau was referring to the possibility of being fined for being critical of the league .
Forward Brooks Laich , the team 's NHLPA rep , had a different take .
`` Obviously we do n't want to lose Greenie , '' they said . `` I do n't know if they were going play anyway after that knee on knee collision . But at some point you have to take control of the game and protect the players . You see what happened in junior hockey [ the Patrice Cormier incident ] . At some point you have to make a statement where there 's not a gray area . You ca n't hit to the head . It 's black or white . You hit to the head you 're going to get suspended . ''
Veteran Mike Knuble added : `` I did n't see the replay . I was on the ice . But out of the corner of my eye it looked like an elbow . The guy was n't hurt , right ? They finished the game . They got them in the head . [ The league ] is trying to send a message , especially in the wake of that Quebec league thing . It 's protecting the players . I 'm sorry it happened to Mike . But guys know , an elbow to someone 's head is going to cost you one way or another . ''
With Green out , Boudreau said he 'll turn to seldom-used D-man Tyler Sloan for tomorrow 's game against the Lightning .
`` We 'll go with Tyler tomorrow and then make a decision after the game on what we 're doing , '' Boudreau said .
As for Green , they might not have been able to play for a few days anyway . They skated lightly on their own , but the knee contusion they suffered late in the second period limited them significantly .
`` Just get better here , '' they said . `` Lot of bumps and bruises anyway . Just take care of my body here and make sure I 'm ready for when I come back . ''
Propaganda is a type of message aimed at influencing the opinions or behavior of people . Instead of impartially providing information , propaganda is often deliberately misleading , using logical fallacies , that , while sometimes convincing , are not necessarily valid . The following list includes some of the more amazing propaganda posters ever made by Americans , Soviets , Nazis and others . Sources : 1 |2 |3
American Propaganda
“ You ca n't beat the Axis if you get VD ”
A series of American propaganda posters during World War II appealed to servicemen 's patriotism to protect themselves from venereal disease .
“ Wanted ! For murder ”
U.S. propaganda poster , which warns against civilians sharing information on troop movements . World War II .
“ We can do it ! ”
Of all the images of working women during World War II , the image of women in factories predominates . Rosie the Riveter–the strong , competent woman dressed in overalls and bandanna–was introduced as a symbol of patriotic womanhood . The accoutrements of war work–uniforms , tools , and lunch pails–were incorporated into the revised image of the feminine ideal .
“ Above and beyond the call of duty ”
At the beginning of the war , African Americans could join the Navy but could serve only as messmen . Doris ( “ Dorie ” ) Miller joined the Navy and was in service on board the U.S.S . West Virginia during the attack on Pearl Harbor . Restricted to the position of messman , they received no gunnery training . But during the attack , at great personal risk , they manned the weapon of a fallen gunman and succeeded in hitting Japanese planes . They were awarded the Navy Cross , but only after persistent pressure from the black press .
“ Pvt . Joe Louis says… ”
1942 Office of Facts and Figures poster promoting a sense of common purpose during World War II .
Keep These Hands Off !
A study of commercial posters undertaken by the U.S. Government found that images of women and children in danger were effective emotional devices . This Canadian poster was part of the study and served as a model for American posters .
“ Gee , I Wish I Were a Man ”
Gee ! ! I wish I were a man , I 'd join the Navy . Be a man and do it – United States Navy recruiting station – Howard Chandler Christy 1917 . Poster showing a young woman in a Navy uniform . World War I .
Nazi Propaganda
“ Long live Germany ! ”
This poster makes a direct Christological comparison of Hitler . Just as a dove descended on Christ when they were baptised by John the Baptist , so what looks to be an eagle hovers against the light of heaven over an idealized Hitler .
Liberators
A 1944 Nazi propaganda poster titled “ LIBERATORS ” , which perfectly epitomizes many perennially-recurring themes of anti-Americanism .
German Nazi euthanasia propaganda
The poster argued in so many words that the care of each “ undesirable ” cost the “ undue burden ” of 60,000 marks of German taxpayer money over the patient 's lifetime , and that a publication called the New Folk contained a better – indeed , a “ final ” – solution to the difficulty .
“ Get rid of old cloth and shoes ! ”
The Germans worked to gather as much old material for the war effort as possible . This poster is for a 1943 clothing drive .
Soviet Propaganda
“ Long Live World October [ revolution ] ! ”
A poster of the Russian Civil War , 1918-1922 says : Long Live World October [ revolution ] ! The workers conquered power in Russia and will conquer power in the entire world .
“ Build like you would for yourself ! ”
“ The Motherland Is Calling ! ”
A 1941 poster for the World War II
“ Mercilessly , we will humiliate and destroy the enemy ! ”
Soviet propaganda poster from World War II , depicting a Red Army soldier aiming a bayonet at Hitler 's temple . The torn paper document is titled “ The Agreement on non-Aggression between Germany and USSR ” .
“ Freedom to the People of Chile ”
“ Victory of Vietnam is a Victory of Solidarity ”
“ The Myth and The Reality ”
What looks like a little american is actually a submarine .
“ Here again blood and oil is being poured ”
This is how USA and allies milking blood and oil from the Middle East .
Others
“ If you start a war of invasion , We shall destroy the American bastards first ! ”
A recent North Korean poster against America .
“ This is your future al-Zarqawi ”
U.S.PSYOP pamphlet disseminated in Iraq . It shows al-Qaeda terrorist al-Zarqawi caught in a rat trap .
“ Emu och solidariteten ”
Swedish Anti-Euro propaganda for the referendum of 2003 .
The letter has been signed by 29 Congressmen and urges Seehofer to facilitate a dialogue between the Jewish families who suspect their ancestors had art stolen from them under Nazi rule and the Bavarian state museums , reports Spiegel .
Bavaria had promised to reunite the works of art with their Jewish owners , but to realize this commitment would need `` greater dialogue and cooperation '' the letter read .
`` The importance of these issues to Holocaust survivors and their families worldwide can not be overstated , '' the letter , which had a Washington postage stamp from early November , read .
In perhaps the most high profile example , the Pinakothek der Moderne , the jewel in the crown of Bavaria 's world famous art galleries , is accused of holding nine works which were taken from Jewish art dealer Alfred Flechtheim in the early 1930s .
The works include six paintings by the celebrated expressionist painter Max Beckmann and one by Paul Klee .
The Pinakothek insists the Beckmann collection was sold by Flechtheim in 1932 , a year before the Nazis came to power .
Art confiscated by the Nazis has become big news again in recent years after a huge stash of priceless works long believed to have been lost were found in the Munich apartment of Cornelius Gurlitt . Many of the paintings are believed to have been stolen from Jewish owners by the Nazis before falling into the Gurlitt family 's possession .
At the time , the Bavarian government announced a `` relentless investigation into Nazi art theft '' . But two years later , only two of the more than 1,000 works found at Gurlitt 's flat have been returned to the heirs of the people they were stolen from .
Flechtheim 's great-nephew Michael Hulton told Spiegel that Americans have come to see the behaviour of the German authorities as `` disgusting '' .
Brendan Boyle , a Democratic Congressman from Pennsylvania and signatory of the congressional letter , meanwhile described returning the art as `` the just and right thing to do '' .
Early life
Patriotism
After joining the Indian National Congress and taking part in political agitation in Punjab , Lala Lajpat Rai was deported to Mandalay , Burma ( now Myanmar ) , without trial in May 1907 . In November , however , they were allowed to return when the viceroy , Lord Minto , decided that there was insufficient evidence to hold them for subversion . Lajpat Rai 's supporters attempted to secure their election to the presidency of the party session at Surat in December 1907 , but they did not succeed . Graduates of the National College , which they founded inside the Bradlaugh Hall at Lahore as an alternative to British institutions , included Bhagat Singh . [ 10 ] They were elected President of the Indian National Congress in the Calcutta Special Session of 1920 . [ 11 ] In 1921 , they founded Servants of the People Society , a non-profit welfare organisation , in Lahore , which shifted its base to Delhi after partition , and has branches in many parts of India . [ 12 ]
Travel to America
See also : Ghadar Party A banquet given in honour of Lala Lajpat Rai by the California Chapter of the Hindustan Association of America at Hotel Shattuck in Berkeley on 12 February 1916 . Lajpat Rai travelled to the US in 1907 , and then returned during World War I . They toured Sikh communities along the US West Coast ; visited Tuskegee University in Alabama ; and met with workers in the Philippines . Their travelogue , The United States of America ( 1916 ) , details these travels and features extensive quotations from leading African American intellectuals , including W.E.B . Du Bois and Fredrick Douglass . While in America they had founded the Indian Home Rule League in New York and a monthly journal Young India and Hindustan Information Services Association . They had petitioned the Foreign affiars committee of Senate of American Parliament giving a vivid picture of maladministration of British Raj in India , the aspirations of the people of India for freedom amongst many other points strongly seeking the moral support of the international community for the attainment of independence of India . The 32 page petition which was prepared overnight was discussed in the U.S. Senate during October 1917 . [ 13 ] The book also argues for the notion of `` color-caste , '' suggesting sociological similarities between race in the US and caste in India . During World War I , Lajpat Rai lived in the United States , but they returned to India in 1919 and in the following year led the special session of the Congress Party that launched the non co-operation movement . They were imprisoned from 1921 to 1923 and elected to the legislative assembly on their release . [ 14 ]
Demand for separate state for Muslims
They controversially demanded `` a clear partition of India into a Muslim India and Hindu State India '' in The Tribune on 14 December 1923 . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
Protests against Simon Commission
Young India . Photo of Rai printed in the February 1920 issue of In 1928 , the British government set up the Commission , headed by Sir John Simon , to report on the political situation in India . The Indian political parties boycotted the Commission , because it did not include a single Indian in its membership , and it met with country-wide protests . When the Commission visited Lahore on 30 October 1928 , Lajpat Rai led non-violent march in protest against it . The protest was with the words `` Simon go back '' and black flags . The superintendent of police , James A. Scott , ordered the police to lathi ( baton ) charge the protesters and personally assaulted Rai . [ 17 ] Despite being extremely injured , Rai subsequently addressed the crowd and said , `` I declare that the blows struck at me today will be the last nails in the coffin of British rule in India '' . [ 18 ]
Death
They did not fully recover from their injuries and died on 17 November 1928 of a heart attack . Doctors thought that Scott 's blows had hastened their death . [ 17 ] However , when the matter was raised in the British Parliament , the British Government denied any role in Rai 's death . [ 19 ] Although Bhagat Singh did not witness the event , [ 20 ] they vowed to take revenge as it was a murder of a very tall leader in the freedom movement , [ 19 ] and joined other revolutionaries , Shivaram Rajguru , Sukhdev Thapar and Chandrashekhar Azad , in a plot to kill Scott to send a message to British Raj . [ 21 ] However , in a case of mistaken identity , Bhagat Singh was signalled to shoot on the appearance of John P. Saunders , an Assistant Superintendent of Police . They were shot by Rajguru and Bhagat Singh while leaving the District Police Headquarters in Lahore on 17 December 1928 . [ 22 ] Chanan Singh , a Head Constable who was chasing them , was fatally injured by Azad 's covering fire . [ 23 ] This case of mistaken identity did not stop Bhagat Singh and their fellow-members of the Hindustan Socialist Republican Association from claiming that retribution had been exacted . [ 21 ]
Legacy
Works
Along with founding Arya Gazaette as its editor , they regularly contributed to several major Hindi , Punjabi , English and Urdu newspapers and magazines . They also authored the following published books . The Story of My Deportation , 1908 .
, 1908 . Arya Samaj , 1915 .
, 1915 . The United States of America : A Hindu 's Impression , 1916 .
, 1916 . Unhappy India , 1928 .
, 1928 . England 's Debt to India , 1917 .
, 1917 . Autobiographical Writings
Young India : An Interpretation and a History of the Nationalist Movement from Within . New York : B.W . Huebsch , 1916 . This book was written shortly after World War I broke out in Europe . Lajpat Rai was traveling in the United States at the time of Franz Ferdinand 's assassination . [ 27 ] Rai wrote the book to exclaim their people 's desire to help the British , who had been ruling in India since the mid-1700s , fight against the Germans . While the book makes the Indian people sound good , saying that they were rushing in masses to volunteer for war , one must take what Rai says with a grain of salt . [ 27 ] Rai is trying to gain American support in India against British colonialism , and the Indian people would look bad in the American public 's , as well as government 's , eyes if they were not willing to fight for the greater good , even on the side of Britain . Rai also makes the point to emphasize that the Indian people do not want to engage in a military conflict with Britain . [ 28 ] In Young India , Rai makes many parallels to the American fight for independence against the British , such as their common enemy ( the British ) , their wish for self-sovereignty , and the right to bear arms as an independent nation . Rai uses Young India to convey their idea of an independent India , free from the viceroys and rule of the English Parliament . Rai wishes to have complete sovereignty from all foreign rule , but they need to gain the support of America , their only true hope for an ally against Britain . Young India gives a first-hand account of one of the primary freedom fighters in India in the early 1900s . Rai was one of the most well-known leaders of the Nationalist , as well as Independence , Movement in India . By writing an account outlining the history of India , showing that the Indian people are better than the stereotype given by the West , willing and able to govern themselves , and attempting to gain American support against the Colonial British , Rai allows their readers to understand what is actually happening in India and why India should become an independent nation .
New York : B.W . Huebsch , 1916 . This book was written shortly after World War I broke out in Europe . Lajpat Rai was traveling in the United States at the time of Franz Ferdinand 's assassination . Rai wrote the book to exclaim their people 's desire to help the British , who had been ruling in India since the mid-1700s , fight against the Germans . While the book makes the Indian people sound good , saying that they were rushing in masses to volunteer for war , one must take what Rai says with a grain of salt . Rai is trying to gain American support in India against British colonialism , and the Indian people would look bad in the American public 's , as well as government 's , eyes if they were not willing to fight for the greater good , even on the side of Britain . Rai also makes the point to emphasize that the Indian people do not want to engage in a military conflict with Britain . In , Rai makes many parallels to the American fight for independence against the British , such as their common enemy ( the British ) , their wish for self-sovereignty , and the right to bear arms as an independent nation . Rai uses to convey their idea of an independent India , free from the viceroys and rule of the English Parliament . Rai wishes to have complete sovereignty from all foreign rule , but they need to gain the support of America , their only true hope for an ally against Britain . gives a first-hand account of one of the primary freedom fighters in India in the early 1900s . Rai was one of the most well-known leaders of the Nationalist , as well as Independence , Movement in India . By writing an account outlining the history of India , showing that the Indian people are better than the stereotype given by the West , willing and able to govern themselves , and attempting to gain American support against the Colonial British , Rai allows their readers to understand what is actually happening in India and why India should become an independent nation . The Collected Works of Lala Lajpat Rai , Volume 1 to Volume 15 , edited by B.R . Nanda .
Three of the band 's albums are on track to re-enter the Billboard 200 chart .
In the wake of Chester Bennington 's death on Thursday ( July 20 ) , sales of their band Linkin Park 's music grew tremendously , according to Nielsen Music . Based on initial U.S. sales reports for July 20 , the combined sales of Linkin Park 's catalog of albums and songs increased by 5,332 percent ( as compared to sales on July 19 ) .
On July 20 , the band 's albums sold 21,000 copies ( up from less than 1,000 on July 19 ) , while their collected songs sold 90,000 downloads ( up from 2,000 the previous day ) .
In total , the act 's albums and songs sold 111,000 copies on July 20 ( versus 2,000 the day previous ) -- a gain of 5,332 percent .
The group 's best-selling album on July 20 was its most recent studio album , One More Light , which sold more than 6,000 copies that day ( up from a negligible figure on the day previous ) . The set , which was released in May , debuted atop the Billboard 200 albums chart , granting the act its sixth chart-topper .
It 's anticipated that at least three of Linkin Park 's albums will re-enter the Billboard 200 chart dated Aug. 5 , which reflects the tracking week ending July 20 . In addition to One More Light likely returning to the list , both Hybrid Theory and Meteora are on track to jump back onto the tally .
The top 10 of the Aug. 5-dated Billboard 200 chart is slated to be revealed on Sunday , July 23 .
As for the band 's best-selling songs on July 20 , here are their top 10 sellers that day , according to Nielsen Music . ( All songs increased from a negligible figure in the day previous . )
FOUNTAIN HILLS , Ariz. — David Rau was n't sure about Donald Trump . So the landscape contractor strolled over to the main park in this Phoenix suburb to watch one of the business person 's recent rallies and decide for himself .
Demonstrators pulled their cars across an access road to block people driving to the event . Dozens marched to the park and stood by Rau , chanting “ Stop the hate ! ” as they tried to listen . They left a Trump convert . “ I 've got the right to listen to somebody speak , do n't I ? ” Rau asked .
Even Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , running for the Democratic presidential nomination , has been troubled by protesters ' tactics , as well as by Trump 's response .
Trump 's rise in the Republican presidential contest has sparked increasingly confrontational protests , mobilized their opponents and drawn scrutiny of the GOP front-runner 's rhetoric and the sometimes rough way their campaign handles dissent . But as demonstrators escalate their tactics , they also risk helping Trump , especially among Republican voters their rivals are furiously trying to persuade to reject the billionaire business person .
“ I encourage people to speak out against Trump in a forceful but respectful manner because some of these protests are only serving to help him , ” said Tim Miller , a spokesperson for a Republican group trying to stop Trump . “ He continues to dominate the news , they can play the ‘ us vs. them ' card when liberals disrupt their events and that serves as a rallying point for their candidacy . ”
Even Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , running for the Democratic presidential nomination , has been troubled by protesters ' tactics , as well as by Trump 's response .
“ In America , people have a right to hold rallies , ” Sanders told MSNBC . “ It is absolutely appropriate for thousands of people to protest at a Trump rally , but I am not a great fan of disrupting rallies . ”
Trump engages the demonstrators vigorously , mocking them , calling them bad people and sometimes feeding the anger of their supporters in the crowd .
The Phoenix demonstration followed one in Chicago , where hundreds of Trump foes flooded into a rally and Trump canceled the event , citing security concerns . That infuriated Trump backers , who blamed the demonstrators .
In Arizona , activists gathered about 3 miles from the site of the Trump rally , along one of two roads that wind through the mountains north of Phoenix into central Fountain Hills . The protesters – mainly a coalition of local immigrant rights groups who have a long history of demonstrations against Sheriff Joe Arpaio , who was speaking at the rally – then maneuvered their cars across the intersection . Three were arrested , and many Trump supporters had to walk to the rally or missed it .
Carlos Garcia of Puente , one of the immigrant right groups , said demonstrators handed out water bottles to Trump supporters and did not want to antagonize them .
“ I hope people see beyond their two-hour inconvenience , ” they said , adding that activists were motivated by the support Trump has drawn from Arpaio and former Arizona Gov . Jan Brewer . “ Their rhetoric , ” they said of that duo , “ turned into policies that destroyed thousands of families , and we see Trump trying to go national with it . People are willing to put their bodies on the line to keep their families together . ”
When Garcia and other demonstrators made it to the park where Trump was holding their rally they were met with jeers and cries from Trump supporters gathered on the hillside , outside the fenced-off perimeter where the event was occurring . “ Learn to speak English ! ” one person yelled at the protesters . “ Got ta get off the welfare check , ” called another .
The demonstrators chanted back : “ Stop the hate ! ” Despite some heated scrums , no fights broke out and eventually the candidate finished and protesters and supporters alike trickled away .
Sharon Groves , a 69-year-old retired social worker , came to the rally with a group of Fountain Hills ' few other liberals . The crowd spilled out from the controlled area onto a hillside where Groves stood silently wearing a shirt that read “ Prays well with others ” and included symbols of world religions . Some other demonstrators silently held up homemade signs that read : “ Love Trumps Hate . ”
Afterward , Groves was horrified at the demonstrators who blocked traffic and then marched in . “ It was uncalled for , ” Groves said . “ People have the right to come and see them if they want to . ”
—
Associated Press writers Jacques Billeaud in Fountain Hills and Daniel Sewell in Dayton , Ohio , contributed to this report .
ES Lifestyle Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
My mate Phil wears the trousers . He 's not shy about showing them off , especially since they borrowed their wife 's Singer sewing kit to patch them up . They also made their own waistcoat and blue-striped PJs , and gets their beard contoured at the weekend . Phil is not the family 's main breadwinner : their wife is a doctor and they make more money than him . Still , they get a round in and cheers when Man City score the winning penalty in the League Cup Final . No one calls Phil a ‘ pussy ' .
What it means to be a man is changing . Sure , ‘ meninists ' grumble they 're objectified , too , and they 'll never get into a nightclub for free . But that aside , you do n't hear too many fellas complaining . The kitchen is the new man cave and my chicken tagine is hands down the best in South West London . My male friends take yoga classes on a Tuesday and play seven-a-side football on a Wednesday . On Thursdays , my friend Guy takes ballet lessons . Sure , we talk about tits , but a female colleague has a Facebook group dedicated to scoring their male friends out of ten . In a post-Tinder world , everyone 's fair game for a swipe right/swipe left appraisal , boy or girl .
Yet while it 's never been easier to be your own bespoke bloke , many of us are struggling with the shifting parameters that define masculinity . At university entry level , the gender gap between successful applicants is so marked — with women outnumbering men in two-thirds of subjects — that UCAS chief Mary Curnock Cook has condemned the ‘ deafening policy silence ' on the subject .
More worryingly , the Office for National Statistics reports that three to four times as many men take their own lives in the UK than women . Men are half as likely to visit their GP than women , which speaks volumes for our ‘ man-up ' culture . Like most men , I struggle to discuss personal problems , and when my best pal died in 2011 it took me a long time to stop acting blasé and start accepting that I might need to actually talk about something that devas-tating . Jane Powell , CEO at the charity Campaign Against Living Miserably , says our outdated ideas of masculinity are n't working in men 's favour . ‘ There 's an option for women there , which is — dump it , ' they argue . ‘ We can dump our problems on the person sitting next to us on the bus , on our friend , or on our GP , safe in the absolute know-ledge that nobody 's going to call us out on our femininity if we do that . But for guys , there still seems to be this idea that when you ask for help , you 're less of a man . '
`` If we redefined masculinity , there would be so many more jobs available ''
Are we struggling with masculinity 2.0 ? We should n't be . There are more choices for men than ever before . ‘ Previously , there was a huge pressure on men to edit out their more feminine traits , for fear that they might be seen as gay , ' says Andrew G Marshall , marital therapist and author of My Wife Does n't Love Me Anymore . ‘ Yes , there 's been a huge opening up , which is rather wonderful . But it 's also rather puzzling , as more men struggle to understand what they 're meant to be . ' The average person down the boozer is only just figuring it out . Last year , The Secret Life of the Pub , a Channel 4 fly-on-the-wall documentary set in an East End pub , showed we 're all still stumbling with expressing our emotional range . ‘ There 's a really strange , stilted , quiet way that men talk about their emotions , ' says Joel Wilson , the show 's executive producer . ‘ There 's a lot of backslapping , ribbing and bawdy humour , which actually masks a subtext of something more profound . ' They point to one punter who slurred the words , ‘ I love you , mate . ' ‘ His friend said , “ You love me ! ” and punched them on the arm . But then they followed it with an affectionate , “ Thanks , man . ” '
How do we start getting that subtext out there ? Social media networks have already changed everything , including the modern bloke . Millennial ( those aged 16-34 ) and centennial men ( those under 16 ) are expressing themselves with greater frequency via Snapchat , WhatsApp and Twitter . The LAD Bible , an online platform that reaches 100 million people each week , around 70 per cent of whom are male , insists the modern male has moved beyond the ‘ lad ' stereotype . Its own story about male suicide rates , ‘ Time To Talk Day ' Is Encouraging Lads To Open Up About Mental Health , published in February , was read by 1.5m on Facebook . There was a huge community outpouring of comments and support by men . ‘ I 'm always surprised that this support and desire for fairness are not recognised as fundamental components of masculinity , ' says Mimi Turner , marketing director of The LAD Bible . ‘ Young blokes are n't some weird offshoot of society whose lives begin with beer and end with birds . '
GQ Best Dressed Men - top 20 20 show all GQ Best Dressed Men - top 20 1/20 Eddie Redmayne Jason Merritt/Getty 2/20 Nick Grimshaw Anthony Harvey/Getty 3/20 Sam Smith David Becker/Getty 4/20 David Beckham Tim P. Whitby/Getty 5/20 Patrick Grant Anthony Harvey/Getty 6/20 Harry Styles Stephen Lovekin/Getty 7/20 Skepta Samir Hussein/Getty 8/20 Romeo Beckham Kirstin Sinclair/Getty 9/20 Benedict Cumberbatch John Phillips/Getty 10/20 David Gandy Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty 11/20 James Bay Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty 12/20 Prince Philip Chris Jackson/Getty 13/20 Taron Egerton Cindy Ord/Getty 14/20 Luke Day ( with Dougie Poynter ) JABPromotions/Rex 15/20 Jamie Dornan Ian Walton/Getty 16/20 Idris Elba Neilson Barnard/Getty 17/20 David Furnish Stuart C. Wilson/Getty 18/20 Oliver Cheshire Tristan Fewings/Getty 19/20 Richard Madden Stuart C. Wilson/Getty 20/20 Chris Dercon ( with Tamara Weber ) Max Lakner/BFAnyc.com/REX 1/20 Eddie Redmayne Jason Merritt/Getty 2/20 Nick Grimshaw Anthony Harvey/Getty 3/20 Sam Smith David Becker/Getty 4/20 David Beckham Tim P. Whitby/Getty 5/20 Patrick Grant Anthony Harvey/Getty 6/20 Harry Styles Stephen Lovekin/Getty 7/20 Skepta Samir Hussein/Getty 8/20 Romeo Beckham Kirstin Sinclair/Getty 9/20 Benedict Cumberbatch John Phillips/Getty 10/20 David Gandy Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty 11/20 James Bay Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty 12/20 Prince Philip Chris Jackson/Getty 13/20 Taron Egerton Cindy Ord/Getty 14/20 Luke Day ( with Dougie Poynter ) JABPromotions/Rex 15/20 Jamie Dornan Ian Walton/Getty 16/20 Idris Elba Neilson Barnard/Getty 17/20 David Furnish Stuart C. Wilson/Getty 18/20 Oliver Cheshire Tristan Fewings/Getty 19/20 Richard Madden Stuart C. Wilson/Getty 20/20 Chris Dercon ( with Tamara Weber ) Max Lakner/BFAnyc.com/REX
So , if we 're not that guy , who are we becoming ? Better dads , for a start . David Beckham is a national treasure : super-star footballer , style icon and happy , successful family man . Then there 's Louis Tomlinson , whose photo with their baby son went the good kind of viral . Jack Urwin , author of Man Up : Surviving Modern Masculinity , points to the number of newspaper columns in which men now espouse the joys of fatherhood . ‘ The flipside to more women in the workplace is that men have more time where they can step into [ traditionally feminine ] roles at home and take them on . '
It 's only now , they say , that British men are starting to get over the chronic stiff upper lip that they trace back to the First and Second World War . ‘ An awful lot of men from Britain and around the world experienced horrendous stuff in a very short period of time , and the ones who survived did whatever they could not to remember it when they came back . ' It had a knock-on effect . ‘ The baby boomers grew up with these male role models who were n't able to talk about or show any kind of healthy emotion , and once that happened they very much passed it on to their children . I do n't think I ever saw my own dad cry . They are n't emotionally a very forward man . ' Without that trauma hanging over them , they argue that modern men are getting better at dis-playing emotion and affection . ‘ It 's not a sign of weakness . They 're much better at being part of the family again . '
Men have also suffered disproportionately compared with women as a result of the deindustrialisation that has taken place over the past two decades . Ryan Avent , an economics columnist at The Economist and author of The Gated City , believes that blue-collar men are ‘ the canary in the coal mine ' , and that more job losses will follow as outsourcing and automisation increase across the labour market . But they also contest that there are cultural barriers preventing men taking on jobs in teaching , healthcare and other sectors that are viewed as traditionally feminine : ‘ We need to see more willingness to retrain , and to cultivate those skills . ' While men are used to holding down a single job , women are flexible enough to adapt to an increasingly piecemeal economy . But that 's not an excuse . As men , we need to catch up .
A male friend argues it 's like the immigration/jobs debate , where people complain about immigrants taking jobs they refuse to do . ‘ In the same way , if we detoxified masculinity and redefined it with an emphasis on equality , there would be so many more jobs available to men , as secretaries or nurses , or cleaners or carers and au pairs . ' It would , in fact , help to stem the nation 's public sector staffing crisis .
Meanwhile , in the bedroom we 're also slow to evolve . There 's a reason the internet site OMGYes , which simulates stimulating a virtual vagina , has been so enthusiastically received by equality campaigners like Emma Watson . Porn is everywhere , with data released by adult supersite PornHub last year showing 24 per cent of their users are female . It seems to be empowering women and confusing men . ‘ The availability of porn had a real negative impact on the bedroom , ' admits relationship therapist Mandy Kloppers . ‘ It encourages men to expect that a woman will automatically enjoy it if they ejaculate on their face , when actually that 's usually not preferential . '
And what about chivalry ? Most of my friends confess that someone use the feminist card has thrown them off at least once . Who should pay the bill ? The Vagenda 's Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett advises : ‘ When it comes to holding the door open or pulling your chair back : manners have to feel natural rather than manufactured . I put these things simply in the realm of politeness , something that applies to and is appreciated by both genders . I 'll admit I quite like being helped on with my coat , especially when I 'm too drunk to put my arm in the hole properly . ' I put it to a male friend that this is a minefield . ‘ I 'm in a long-term relationship , ' they say . ‘ A good performance in the bedroom constitutes not farting too much and sharing the duvet . '
`` What about chivalry ? Who should pay the bill ? ''
Body image has also become a minefield for the modern man . The rise and rise of ‘ boyeurism ' — aka the increasing number of women openly ogling Poldark 's Aidan Turner with an appropriate number of tweeted fire emojis ( # hot ! ) — has cranked up the pressure on men to up their game . We diet like crazy , yo-yoing between the Paleo , Atkins and 5:2 . Since Christmas , two of my friends have gone on a ‘ health kick ' ( that old euphemism ) , upping their veg and cutting out fat and sugar . Cristiano Ronaldo 's ab-baring Armani ads and Justin Bieber 's crotch-bulging Calvin Klein posters are , for better or worse , encouraging one in ten men to admit concern for how they look based on what they see in the media . ‘ The use of steroids and protein-based supplements is definitely growing , ' says Dr Luke Sullivan , a chartered clinical psychologist and director of Men 's Minds Matter . ‘ It 's not a problem , until we start to become obsessed . '
Like beer bellies on treadmills , our idea of masculinity is wobbling . Good . But the least we can do is talk about it . ‘ One of the things that I try to do is say , “ Sit down and talk to your immediate friendship group , ” ' concludes the author Jack Urwin . ‘ There 's some comfort in finding out they 're just as confused as you . ' We 're people , and we 've got problems , so let 's talk about them . I propose a call to arms — The Builder 's Arms in Kensington at 8pm tonight . I 'll be there . The End of Men ? Not likely . But come on , let 's take a few shaky steps to opening up to our problems . It 's one giant leap for humankind .
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter : @ EsMagOfficial
Texas A & M owns the first questionable enforcement of the new NCAA rule that ejects and suspends players for targeting opponents above the shoulders . We did it y'all ! In today 's 52-31 win against Rice , Deshazor Everett - who missed the first half after serving a 1/2 game suspension for some trouble early in the year - was ejected for tackling Klein Kubiak under the new targeting rule . Take a look at the hit below and decide for yourself , because it looks an awful lot like a hit on the shoulder pad to me :
Here is a different angle on it ( credit The Big Lead ) :
Even Klein Kubiak said on Twitter that it was nothing more than a good football play ( very classy ) :
@ DeUcE2NiNa9 solid physical football hit in my book . I 'll even support # FreeDeshazor . Good luck rest of the year bro — Klein Kubiak ( @ Klein_Kubiak_84 ) September 1 , 2013
The NCAA started enforcing the new rule during the last off-season , and it is similar to the penalty given to players for fighting , the same penalty that Daeshon Hall will be serving for their altercation earlier in the game . The new rule suspends players in addition to a 15-yard penalty , and the player will always serve at least a full 1/2 game suspension .
I wo n't get in to the fact that ESPN blamed Johnny Manziel for setting the example that led to these penalties , because I do n't have enough middle finger gifs , so let 's stick to the reviewing the rules :
The new rule in football means that discipline for those players flagged for violations will mirror the penalty for fighting . If the foul occurs in the first half of a game , the player is ejected for the remainder of the game . If the foul occurs in the second half or overtime of a game , the player is ejected for the remainder of the game and the first half of the next contest .
I reviewed the NCAA rule book for the definition of targeting , which can be found in rules 9-1-3 and 9-1-4 :
Rule 9-1-3 : Targeting and initiating contact with the crown of the helmet . No player shall target and initiate contact against an opponent with the crown ( top ) of their helmet . When in question , it is a foul .
Rule 9-1-4 : Targeting and initiating contact to head or neck area of a defenseless player . No player shall target and initiate contact to the head or neck area of a defenseless opponent with the helmet , forearm , fist , elbow or shoulder . When in question , it is a foul .
Looking further in the rules , it would appear that there is no appeals process . In the rule book , the Coach is allowed to challenge the call on the field , but the hit is supposed to be automatically reviewed no matter what . According to ESPN SEC reporter Sam Khan Jr. , Coach Sumlin said in the presser today that they did challenge the targeting call , and they lost . Sam also asked Coach Sumlin if they could appeal , and Coach Sumlin said they were unsure . Here is the full text of the rules :
Player Ejection ARTICLE 1 . When a player is disqualified from the game due to a flagrant personal foul , that team 's conference shall automatically initiate a video review for possible additional sanctions before the next scheduled game . Initiating Contact/Targeting an Opponent ARTICLE 2 . When there is a foul called for initiating contact/targeting an opponent ( Rules 9-1-3 and 9-1-4 ) that does not result in a player dis-qualification , there shall automatically be a video review by the conference for possible additional sanctions before the next scheduled game . Foul Not Called ARTICLE 3 . If subsequent review of a game by a conference reveals plays involving flagrant personal fouls that game officials did not call , the conference may impose sanctions prior to the next scheduled game .
This rule is very important . The game does need to be changed to protect players more , because no player should lose the ability to play , or lose years on their life , for the pursuit of a college degree through college athletics . I understand that this is football , and hard hits happen , but anything you can do to take this out of the game without unnecessarily affecting the outcome is a good thing . The problem is , if this hit was reviewed by the refs and they still upheld it then there is a fundamental problem in the process . This type of penalty will affect the outcome when a big time playmaker is removed from competition . Sometimes you need to be lenient and let players play .
The other issue is that there does not appear to be an appeals process in place for these type of in-game ejections where a video review was consulted for a second opinion . In a 2010 game between Georgia and Auburn , an on-field fight occured that resulted in the ejection of Auburn players Michael Groggins and Mike Blanc . By rule , these players left the game and would miss one-half of the upcoming Iron Bowl game . Then coach Mike Chizik appealed the penalty with the SEC conference , but was quickly rejected citing the fact that there is no rule regarding appeals .
The lack of an appeals process is incredibly disturbing . I understand that referees make tough decisions quickly , and are open to mistakes . They are also taught in the offseason how to enforce a rule , and tend to err on the side of player safety . That 's a good thing , but in this case the additional 1/2 game suspension should be reviewed by the conference and issued based on severity . Currently the referee and replay crews become the judge , jury and executioners for this type of penalty .
Updated : A commentator below offered a great observation . If a player is ejected in the first half , and is suspended through the 2nd half of the game , they would not have an opportunity to appeal like a player who was ejected in the second half would . That clearly explains why there is no appeal process . I still believe suspensions going into the next game are harsh . The ejection and suspension should only be in the current game unless the hit could have been easily prevented , and was overly harsh . This would be harder to regulate , but would allow for an appeals process . I ca n't see how a next game penalty is good for the game going forward as many teams will lose starters for events that were unavoidable in the course of making a football play .
For a reference , this hit would have been called an ejection last year , and I am sure there would have been quite an uproar :
More from Good Bull Hunting :
Hungrily have I crossed the Coastal Plain , braving the fraught congestion of U.S. Highway 70 , to behold a legend . Well , actually , to eat the legend , which should be referred to in hushed tones as The Sandwich , unique in the world of barbecue-dom , invented and perfected by Kings Restaurant of Kinston : the Pig in a Puppy .
You like eastern-style , whole-hog , vinegar-sauced barbecue ? You like hush puppies ? No , not the soggy , pseudo-pound cake pellets that pass as hush puppies in some places , but the crunchy , savory corn bread fingers eaten in paradise ?
Kings ' Pig in a Puppy is all the cholesterol-filled deliciousness you could ever crave , in one handy sandwich . Now , let me warn you : Accounting for the juicy barbecue , the oil from the hush puppy , and the creamy coleslaw , you might want to wear a bib before biting in . But , oh , for those who like their barbecue , and for those who like the accompanying hush puppies , here is the time-saving union of the two , both at once , the hush puppy shell fried to a crispy brown ( which is the best part of the hush puppy anyway ) and the smoky , succulent , cooked-for-12-hours , eastern-style pork safe inside .
Who , I wonder , was the genius who thought of using a giant hush puppy as the bun for a barbecue sandwich ?
Cesare Cardini , an Italian restaurateur , created the Caesar salad . Roman chef Alfredo Di Lelio I gave the world Alfredo sauce .
“ Faye Lewis thought up the Pig in a Puppy , ” says Joe Hargitt , the restaurant 's owner and general manager , who 's worked at Kings since high school . “ I saw it for myself . ”
Filling station to barbecue fame
Kinston used to be Kingston at its founding in 1762 , and was named for King George III . It became “ Kinston ” through the years because it 's too hot down here to pronounce that G. I figured Kings Restaurant harkened back to the colonial past and Their Majesty , but nope . It was the brainchild of Wilbur King Sr. , the son of Frank King , who opened a country store and filling station in front of their Kinston farm in 1936 . Wilbur took over the business two years later , adding a poolroom and potbellied stove in the back , where they produced small , hot meals . In 1947 , they banded with their brothers Lawrence and Victor to launch King Brothers Barbecue . The country store transformed into a café , the poolroom into a grill ( I 'm quoting the menu , here : “ The back parking lot once enjoyed a reputation as the most famous ‘ Lovers ' Lane ' in Eastern North Carolina ! ” ) . In time , word spread about Wilbur 's side offering of barbecue , cooked a half-pig at a time .
Kings took on its present form — two vast dining rooms that can serve 268 , with banqueting facilities for 400 — in 1971 .
By the 1980s , Kings also had a small lunch counter at a nearby Piggly Wiggly supermarket , where Faye Lewis was in charge . The restaurant became famous for its flat , frying-pan corn bread , upon which they 'd heap a pile of barbecue . Customers at the Pig would request it , but Kings did n't have an oven . They did have a deep fryer , though .
“ Faye took the cornmeal and balled it up to make a bun , deep fried the whole thing just right , cut it in half , and put the barbecue and slaw inside it , ” Hargitt says . “ I went back and told Mr. Wilbur , ‘ Man , you got ta see this thing . It 's become the hottest thing on the menu . ' ”
The King brothers ' reputation quickly grew among beachgoers desperate for a barbecue fix before all that mandatory fried seafood to come . Today , Kings has three branches , including an outpost in Snow Hill .
Aside from the Pig in a Puppy , Kings ' other claim to fame is its collard greens . The restaurant has become like a Colombian cartel of collard greens , in fact . They supply to local restaurants and institutions that ca n't cook them as well — supplying over a hundred cases of cooked greens a week .
I saw the greens room and lived to tell . A lovely young lady was cutting out the stems from a mountain of collards from the T.C . Smith farm in Seven Springs , plucked from the earth that morning . Speculating aloud about Hargitt and their role as the Godfather of Greens got me whisked away from that operation to the cooking room .
Electric cookers for the whole-hog pork . The sauce is vinegar-based with spices and peppers and a little tomato paste , but it never knows the taint of ketchup . Hold it up to the light : transparent , golden , the elixir of Down East . And over there 's the smoker for the ribs and the brisket . Somewhere in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a grandmother has got a hit out on Hargitt for the excellence of their brisket , which is smoked with waterlogged applewood . But I 've seen too much , learned too many secrets , so it 's off to the shipping center where the Kings empire continues its march nationwide .
Please , Mr. Postman
If the Pig in a Puppy is Kings ' greatest contribution to barbecue culture in North Carolina , the Carolina Oink Express is Kings ' greatest contribution to 'cue culture in the country . You see , King 's has a mail-order service that will get you your chopped pork , hush puppies ( pre-fried and frozen ) , black-eyed peas , Brunswick stew , collard greens , coleslaw , and pork ribs delivered to you within 48 hours , anywhere in the U.S. of A . North Carolina-born servicemen and women ( as well as people out of the service whom we 've enlightened ) have the Oink Express sending 50 to 60 care packages a week to the deserts and metropolitan areas of our great nation . Kings is on the Army and Air Force Exchange , so you can get your barbecue on base , too .
Even the State Store catalog in this issue you 're holding will let you order Oink Express barbecue . And the gourmet food website Goldbely.com includes Kings in its “ Legends of BBQ Road Trip ” sampler — beef ribs from Salt Lick , Texas ; Corky 's baby back ribs from Memphis ; the “ Burnt Ends ” hash of meats from Fiorella 's Jack Stack of Kansas City ; and chopped pork barbecue from Kings in Kinston . Now , that combo would be a great Father 's Day or birthday or Christmas gift , and if you have n't gotten such a shipment from your kids , well , they must not love you .
But be warned : You ca n't get a Pig in a Puppy by mail . You 'll have to drive to Kinston like I did to savor it , and wonder , a few bites in , Why did n't someone think of this sooner ?
Kings Restaurant
405 East New Bern Road
Kinston , NC 28504
( 252 ) 527-2101
kingsbbq.com
The first thing you have to know about procrastinating is that you should set your expectations realistically . It took you a lifetime to get to where you are today in terms of procrastination , so it 's not something you can fix overnight . But it is something you can fix . All you need is the dedication to do so and the willingness to try something new .
Address the Cognitive Distortions
Since most procrastination has to do with irrational beliefs and cognitive distortions , it is best to address these up-front . First , it is usually easy to estimate the actual amount of time it takes to complete a task by keeping track of the amount of time spent on tasks . For example , if you track that it takes you approximately five hours of study time to get an A or B on a history exam , you can use that information for helping to better schedule your study time on future exams .
Second , you will be no better motivated in the future than you are right now . This common fallacy leads many people who procrastinate to simply putting off things into the future when they 're in “ the right mood. ” Your ability to be successful at any task is not dependent upon your mood . Sometimes we have to do something we do n't like to do , even if we do n't feel like it , just to get it done . That does n't mean our results are going to be of lesser quality or the task will be a failure . It just means that sometimes motivation comes after you 've started work on something . And sometimes , working on a project helps bring about a change in our mood . We ca n't always expect to be in the right mood all the time . Neither should you expect to only be able to work on things in life when you 're in the right mood . These are just elaborate excuses we make up to reinforce our procrastinating behavior . You can , however , choose to ignore them .
Remember that as you go through this process , you must constantly challenge your cognitive distortions and irrational fears :
It is not hopeless ( few situations are truly hopeless )
( few situations are truly hopeless ) It is not too late ( there is always time if you start now )
( there is always time if you start ) You are smart enough ( or you would n't have made it this far )
( or you would n't have made it this far ) You ca n't do it later ( as you 'll just keep putting “ later ” off until later )
( as you 'll just keep putting “ later ” off until later ) You will not perform better under pressure ( the best work is done when it is well thought-out )
Keep a Journal
Challenging your thoughts and beliefs about how you work and how to best complete a task is something you should get in the habit of doing on a daily basis . It is sometimes helpful to people to keep a little journal of their thoughts that need to be challenged , as well as a rational response to the thought . For example :
Thought Response “ I 'll start work on that paper tomorrow since today 's such a beautiful day ! ” I said that yesterday , too . It sounds as if I 'm just putting off the inevitable , thinking I need to be in the “ right mood ” or something . I think I 'll spend 2 hours working on it today , and still have enough time later to reward myself with enjoying this beautiful day . “ Oh gosh , I ca n't believe how much I put off studying for this exam ! There 's no point in studying now , I 'm sure I 'm going to fail. ” Well , maybe I should n't have waited so long to begin studying . But I have been mostly keeping up with the chapters , and I know pretty much most of what 's going to be on the exam . If I start now , it looks like I 'll be able to get a decent grade on it .
These are just a few examples of how to answer irrational thoughts , but you can come up with many others on your own . The more you track and write down these kinds of thoughts , the easier it becomes to answer them ! Eventually , you 'll be able to do this in your head , as soon as the thought pops into it . But to get started , it 's usually best to keep a journal . Most people have so many thoughts throughout the day , you may be surprised by the number you record . Many of them are harmless , but some of them are keeping you from beating your procrastination . Those are the ones you should focus on .
You can also use a journal like this to help you keep track of other important things related to your procrastination . For example , if it took you 8 hours to study for an exam instead of the 4 your allotted , this might be a good place to keep track of that information . Then for the next exam , you can plan accordingly ( and far more easily ! ) .
Fear also has to be answered , because for many it paralyzes them with inaction . Fear of failure , fear of success , fear of looking bad , fear of having others make fun of us for trying . Only you can identify the particular fear that is feeding your procrastination and understand the basis for it . Some fears can be easily addressed , but others may require more assistance from your counseling center or a therapist . Fear holds many people back in many aspects of their lives , but it is something that can be conquered . Usually the first step in addressing your fears , however , is to identify them and seek assistance in overcoming them .
Get Better Organized
Since disorganization is a component common to most people who procrastinate , becoming more organized and learning how to organize competing tasks is a good place to start . Most people start with a simple appointment book . Purchase a small , simple appointment book ( or make your own on the computer ) for the year . Appointment books ( or organizers ) work best if it is of the size that you can carry with you nearly anywhere you go . There 's not much point in having an organizer if it 's never handy enough to actually write things down in it . ( If you do n't have it handy when do you need to record something in it , write the appointment or task on a post-it note and attach it to the inside of your wallet or purse . That 'll remind you to transfer it to your organizer immediately . )
Keep in mind , however , that a lot of disorganization comes from our head , not from the cleanliness of our rooms or desks . While obtaining and maintaining an appointment book or organizer is a good start , you have to commit to changing your behavior too . That means writing down assignments in the organizer in class or at work .
Tips for Using an Organizer Effectively
Work backward from the due date
Start by working backwards from the due date . Think back to the last time a similar assignment was due . You probably completed it the night or day before , at the last minute , with little time to check for errors or mistakes . If you had had the time you needed to do a quality job on that task , how long might it have taken ? The first time you do this , you may need to estimate a few of the tasks , or you can just use history as a guide ( especially if procrastination has not been a life-long problem for you ) . All tasks can and should be broken down into parts
Each task should have a number of milestones , dates you should set for yourself when certain parts of that task should be completed . For instance , writing a paper might have five or six milestones : ( 1 ) select topic ; ( 2 ) research topic ; ( 3 ) organize notes into a paper outline ; ( 4 ) write rough draft ; ( 5 ) have friend review ; ( 6 ) write final draft and review . Each one of these should be noted in the organizer with a due date . Keep track of other activities and dates
Note holidays , times you need to set aside for other social activities , other professional appointments , and dates that affect your school or work schedule . Sometimes people leave these blank , forgetting that a trip to visit some friends could easily affect their study time a day or two ahead of time as they have to pack , make arrangements for their pets , etc . Start every day with a review
Every day , make it a habit to begin your day by opening to that day in your organizer and reviewing not only that day 's tasks or appointments , but also review the entire week . If it 's a Friday , look to next week in case there are any deadlines on the following Monday . Keep track of time relative to your due dates
In addition to setting milestones for yourself , some people like to make notations every week for 4 weeks before a big event , task or exam . You can do this easily by marking every week backwards from the due date with a “ T -3 Psych Exam ” for 3 weeks before the psychology exam . Keep it up-to-date from the start
Mark due dates in your appointment book the first moment you are aware of them ( even at the beginning of the semester ) . Sometimes people get lost or confused by keeping an organizer because they do n't take the time or effort necessary to maintain it and keep it updated . Keep a daily to-do list
Some people hate them , some people ca n't live without them . For most procrastinators , it 's a good idea to keep a to-do list every day of things that should be accomplished for both the day and the week . Even if you have to write a new one every day , keeping such a list will go a long way toward keeping your procrastination under control .
All tasks can be broken down into smaller components , that can then be tackled far more easily than the overwhelming large chunk . That should always be your first goal — find a way to break the task down into small sub-tasks , and then set deadlines for each of those .
Finally , and perhaps most important , you need to give yourself a break . You 're going to mess up and you 're not going to be successful every time you try to not procrastinate , especially at the start . You 're still going to procrastinate at first , and you may relapse from time to time as you grapple with this new way of looking at and working on tasks . Nobody is perfect . One or two setbacks does n't mean you wo n't be successful in this , and you should accept that you 're going to have them before you even get started .
If , however , you maintain your steadfastness in wanting to beat your procrastination , you 're going to find these techniques helpful . Eventually a lot of this will come more naturally and you 'll wonder why you ever wasted so much time procrastinating !
Getting Help for Procrastination
Slightly overshadowing the earlier news of Will Muschamp ‘ s ouster at Florida , Montana head coach Mick Delaney announced Sunday they will retire at the end of the season .
“ I 'm year-by-year ( contractually ) , and sometimes it seems like week-by-week , just from an energy standpoint , and I always felt through my whole career that when the time was right I would know it is right , ” said Delaney in a statement . They will turn 72 on Dec. 2 .
Delaney was promoted to head coach following the 2011 season after spending four years as the Grizzlies ' associate head coach and running backs coach . They are 22-13 in three seasons , making them Montana 's seventh-winningest coach in school history . Delany 5-11-1 as Montana-Western 's head coach from 1991-92 .
Delaney helped the Grizzlies to a 10-3 season and FCS playoffs appearance in 2013 . Montana is 7-4 this season and ranked 16th in the most recent The Sports Network poll ; the Grizzlies have a chance at reaching the FCS playoffs with a win over No . 12 Montana State on Saturday .
“ Coach Delaney cares deeply about this university , football program , and the student-athletes , ” said Montana athletics director Kent Haslam . “ He has been a steady leader and is a wonderful person . I know I join all Griz fans in thanking them and their wife Cheri for all they have done for the University of Montana and the athletic department .
“ We will move forward with the search for a new coach to lead the football program , ” Haslam added . “ This is a wonderful place to work and live . We have great momentum right now and I am confident we will find a head coach that can build on that momentum . ”
Saturday 's UFC 211 show from Dallas had the distinction of being a rare show where people were talking about it as the best show of the year before the main card had even started .
One could argue that the four-fight prelim show on FX was as good as any pay-per-view prelim show in years . After James Vick masterfully knocked out Marco Polo Reyes in the first round , Chase Sherman vs. Rashad Coulter came back with the dictionary definition of a heavyweight slobberknocker . They battled in this year 's remake of the Steve Bosse vs. Sean O'Connell fight , earning fight of the night honors on a show filled with competition for that honor .
Jason Knight and Chas Skelly followed with a ground war of sweeps and submission attempts where Knight came across as a real player in the featherweight division .
Then , a fight that on paper looked like it could be the most exciting of the night with Eddie Alvarez vs. Dustin Poirier , not only was living up to , but exceeded expectations . Both men landed big shots and had the other in trouble before the much-talked about ending with the controversy of where Herb Dean should have ruled it a no-contest or disqualified Alvarez .
The fight also shined a light on the unfortunate aspect of a state-by-state regulated sport , since the rules in Texas are different from most other states . Fighters are going to fight instinctively and the first illegal knee by Alvarez to Poirier 's head would have been legal in most states . The blow that ended the fight would n't have been legal anywhere in the U.S. Poirier 's camp is protesting the decision by Dean to rule it a no-contest , instead of giving Poirier a disqualification win which makes a big difference in their bank account . We 've also seen historically in situations like this , that the regulatory bodies almost never overturn those type of rulings .
Dean ruled the no-contest claiming there was no intent by Alvarez to break the rules . But it looked pretty blatant .
Either way , a rematch between the two makes the most sense .
The fight was going great guns . While Poiriermay have been ahead , it was clearly a fight that either one could have ended at almost any moment .
It was n't as if the main card was bad , but the peak of action was the prelims .
Both champions , heavyweight king Stipe Miocic and women 's strawweight champion Joanna Jedrzejczyk could not have looked better . The perplexing question is what , if anything can make one or both of them go from strong , dominant champions to major drawing cards .
In theory , fans love heavyweight knockout artists . Miocic 's first-round win was their fifth straight knockout , and fourth in a row ending in the initial stanza . It 's not just wins by knockouts , but their victims are the longtime stars of the division and top contenders in Mark Hunt , Andrei Arlovski , Fabricio Werdum , Alistair Overeem , and now Junior Dos Santos .
Jedrzejczyk is n't a knockout artist , but they are one of the most skilled strikers in the sport , male or female . She 's 14-0 in a sport where UFC champions who are undefeated are a rare breed . Them 225 strikes landed set a record for a UFC championship fight , breaking their own mark of 220 set in a previous title defense over Valerie Letourneau . They landed more low kicks than any fighter ever had in a UFC fight . The only fighter who ever landed more strikes in a fight was Nate Diaz , who holds the record of 238 in a non-championship win over Donald Cerrone .
Jedrzejczyk is also one of the most charismatic and charming competitors on the roster . They bring excitement to every fight buildup , and has yet to fail to deliver once the fight starts . With their sixth win in a championship fight , they have tied Ronda Rousey 's record for a woman in UFC . Them eight wins in a row is the longest winning streak of any UFC woman fighter to date .
Even so , most expectations on pay-per-view fell into the same 250,000 to 325,000 range that a normal show does . It does n't look to have done any more than that even with this show having two title fights with , in both cases , the champions faced very legitimate contenders , and had a loaded undercard , the deepest show on paper since November 's Madison Square Garden event . No preliminary numbers are available this early , but there are no signs that indicate a surprising ground swell of late interest .
The other strong aspect of the show is that , besides an Alvarez vs. Poirier rematch , there are a lot of different major fights that naturally come out of Saturday 's action .
Let 's look at how fortunes changed for five fighters on the show .
STIPE MIOCIC - Miocic ( 17-2 ) has a natural next title defense against Cain Velasquez ( 14-2 ) . It was Velasquez who was set for a heavyweight title rematch with Fabricio Werdum , when an injury took them out of the fight and put Miocic in .
The issue with Velasquez has been the same for years . It 's whether they can get through a camp without getting injured . Velasquez may be the most talented UFC heavyweight in its history . But due to injuries to their shoulder , back and knees , their career is almost looked upon as a disappointment even though they have held they heavyweight title twice . But they ca n't be written off yet . Velasquez never looked better than in their win over Travis Browne in their last fight .
But the most significant stat in Velasquez 's recent career is that he 's only made it to the fight twice in the last three-and-a-half years due to a myriad of injuries .
If such a fight happens , while it wo n't be the biggest heavyweight title fight in terms of public interest , it is likely the biggest when it comes to fighter quality . One can strongly argue after Miocic 's performance on Saturday that and they and Velasquez were the best heavyweight fighters in company history . From a quality standpoint , it would be the highest caliber heavyweight title fight dating back to Fedor Emelianenko 's bouts with Mirko Cro Cop and Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira in all of their primes in Japan .
If Velasquez ca n't be ready , Miocic 's most viable title contender would be Francis Ngannou ( 10-1 ) .
JOANNA JEDRZEJCZYK - The most likely next opponent for Jedrzejczyk would be Rose Namajunas ( 6-3 ) , coming off Namajunas ' impressive win over Michelle Waterson .
Based on how Jedrzejczyk looked on Saturday , Namajunas , nor anyone in the division , would n't figure to have a good chance . Claudia Gadelha ( 14-2 ) , the only one to fight competitively with the Jedrzejczyk , having done so twice in losses , is facing Karolina Kowalkiewicz ( 10-1 ) on June 3 in Rio de Janeiro .
Jedrzejczyk beat Kowalkiewicz , winning four rounds to one , but the champion was in trouble for a brief moment in that fight . Gadelha won two rounds off the champion on July 8 , 2016 , before running out of gas and getting taken apart in the last three rounds . UFC usually does n't give title shots to challengers that the champion has beaten twice , as noted by Joseph Benavidez not being considered for years for another shot at Demetrious Johnson even though he 's clearly proved he 's No . 2 in the division for years .
But for Jedrzejczyk , there may be no choice . If Jedrzejczyk wins their next fight and Gadelha or Kowalkiewicz wins , there 's no other contender that could be considered ready .
DEMIAN MAIA - With seven wins in a row , Maia 's split-decision win over Jorge Masvidal should earn them a title shot next against Tyron Woodley ( 17-3-1 ) .
The split decision was notable because Masvidal did more physical damage in every round , but Maia controlled Masvidal for several minutes on the ground in every round . Judge Aladin Martinez gave Masvidal the first two rounds , yet of the 23 media scorecards on MMADecisions.com , all 23 scored it for Maia and 43 percent gave them all three rounds .
The problem is that Maia is in a division that Georges St-Pierre , Nick Diaz and even Nate Diaz can fight in . All three would likely be major draws as an opponent for Woodley , which Maia would n't be . If any of the three open up as possibilities for the shot , Woodley would almost surely want them instead of Maia . It 's the noted flaw of a sport where earnings and box office varies so greatly based on the opponent .
Although Maia ( 25-6 ) won a fight over Carlos Condit on Aug. 27 that was said to have earned them a title fight , the fight was never made . Dana White told them after beating Masvidal in Maia 's latest roadblock , that they were next for Woodley . But if a deal can be worked out with any of the three , Maia may still have to wait . And at 39 , any waiting is n't in theirs favor .
FRANKIE EDGAR - Edgar ( 21-5-1 ) showed that Yair Rodriguez was n't yet at the top level . Edgar dominated both rounds , leaving Rodriguez with a giant hematoma under their left eye that nearly had the eye completely closed before the fight was stopped after the end of the second round .
Edgar is in the same boat as Gadelha . Current featherweight champion Jose Aldo ( 26-2 ) beat them by decision in 2013 and again in 2016 . If Aldo retains against Max Holloway ( 17-3 ) , it may be tough for Edgar to get the next title shot . But aside from Cub Swanson , who Aldo beat years ago and Edgar dominated , there 's no other contender ready for Aldo if they retain . If Holloway wins the title , Edgar or Aldo would be the logical contenders .
If Edgar does n't get a title shot , their most likely next foe would be Ricardo Lamas ( 17-5 ) .
JASON KNIGHT - Knight ( 20-2 ) , looked strong both standing and on the ground in finishing Chas Skelly ( 17-3 ) in the third round .
Knight looked like someone ready for a step higher in competition . Swanson ( 25-7 ) or Jeremy Stephens ( 25-14 ) would make for strong tests to see whether Knight , at 24 , is close to being a factor at the top level .
Colm Tóibín 's 104-page novel about Mary 's mourning for Jesus is one of six on list notable for international diversity
At 30,000 words and 104 pages , Colm Tóibín 's The Testament of Mary can be read in an afternoon – but it is unquestionably a novel , Man Booker judges said on Tuesday , as it became the most slender work to be shortlisted for the £50,000 prize .
Six books were named on a list striking for its international diversity . As well as Tóibín 's imagining of the mourning of Mary after Jesus 's crucifixion , there were novels featuring the destruction of an English village , one girl 's escape from Zimbabwe to Detroit , a communist insurgency in Kolkata , the New Zealand gold rush , and bullying and Buddhism in Japan .
The chair of judges , Robert Macfarlane , said they had been drawn to novels that `` sought in some way to extend the power and possibility of the form '' .
They added : `` This is a shortlist that shows the English language novel to be a form of world literature . It is a shortlist that crosses continents , joins countries and spans the centuries . '' If anything connected the works , they said , it was that they were all about ways of relating . `` They are all , all about the strange ways people are brought together and the painful ways in which they are held apart . ''
Harvest by Jim Crace was on the shortlist , to no one 's surprise , and remains the bookmakers ' favourite to win . It is a dark , often horrifying story of fear and superstition set at a time when peasant farmers were being forced from the land . It is Crace 's second shortlisting , for a novel that is probably , they say , theirs last .
Women outnumber men on the shortlist for the first time since 2006 . They are Eleanor Catton , at 28 the youngest writer , for their 832-page epic The Luminaries ; Ruth Ozeki , an ordained Buddhist priest , for A Tale for the Time Being ; Jhumpa Lahiri , who was appointed to the president 's committee on the arts and humanities by Barack Obama , for The Lowland ; and NoViolet Bulawayo , the only debut novelist , for We Need New Names .
Macfarlane said there had been `` an exhausting number of child narrators '' among this year 's entries , but none stood out like Bulawayo 's creation , Darling . The writer is the first Zimbabwean shortlisted for the prize . Speaking from a hotel in Cape Town , South Africa , where they are promoting their novel , they said : `` I 'm over the moon . It 's one of those things that leaves you speechless ; I 'm one of those people who ca n't scream . I 'm sure it will sink in over the next few days . It 's a huge honour and I feel very encouraged . ''
For Tóibín , it is the third time on the Booker shortlist following The Blackwater Lightship in 1999 and The Master in 2004 . The Testament of Mary has been warmly received by critics , although a Broadway stage version , with Fiona Shaw as Mary , closed after just 27 previews and 16 performances .
The judge Robert Douglas-Fairhurst said it was easy to get hung up on whether something was a novel or novella or short story or even a novelette . There were many reasons that Tóibín 's book qualified as a novel . `` Yes it is compact , but it is also dense and it is far-reaching . This is a short novel but one we felt is long in the memory . ''
The judges whittled down the 152 entries to six in an amicable fashion , Macfarlane said . `` The judging process was a great pleasure . The carpet remains unbloodied , there were no flare-ups , no put-downs , no walkouts , no punch-ups . ''
The other judges this year are the BBC broadcaster Martha Kearney , the classicist and critic Natalie Haynes , and the former literary editor of Scotland on Sunday Stuart Kelly . The winner of the £50,000 prize will be named on 17 October .
A picture of a US woman 's hospital bill has gone viral thanks to one particular service fee : a charge for holding the baby after delivery .
In an photo posted on Reddit by said baby 's father , the woman was charged for `` skin-to-skin after c-sec '' to the tune of US $ 39.95 ( $ 64 ) .
A woman was charged for `` skin-to-skin after c-sec '' to the tune of US $ 39.95 . Credit : Getty
`` During the C-section the nurse asked my wife if they would like to do skin-to-skin after the baby was born , '' the father wrote in the comments . `` Which of course anyone would say yes too [ sic ] . We just noticed it in the bill today . ''
However , the new dad wanted to stress that their experience holding their baby was not bad , they just thought it was funny they were charged for it .
It 's not just in Poland : When a thirteen-year-old Peruvian girl was raped and impregnated , they jumped out of the window in despair . They were denied both proper treatment for their injuries and an abortion , as they discuss in this video .
Advertisement
LC : I Have To Tell What Happened To Me from Center for Reproductive Rights on Vimeo .
L.C. , who lives in poverty near Lima , was raped repeatedly by a 34-year-old man . When they told them they were pregnant , they denied it could be his , which led to their suicide attempt . After they were finally found by neighbors and taken the hospital , doctors refused to operate because they were pregnant . They also refused to perform an abortion , despite the fact that in Peru , it is legal to save a woman 's life , and their family petitioned for one . L.C . later miscarried , and it took four months for them to be granted the surgery they needed , by which time it was too late to do much good .
The Center For Reproductive Rights is litigating their case , arguing that Peru is in violation of its own constitution as well as international treaties .
Advertisement
Last week , we wrote about a Polish woman who died after being `` turned away by successive doctors who each refused to explain the real reason for the decision - 'that treating the disease could result in a miscarriage or could force an abortion . ' '' Both cases indicate the broader thinking that a woman 's life and health is subordinate to what 's gestating inside of them — and how the individual choices of doctors , in a context where abortion is routinely vilified , can easily subvert official policy .
Teen Rape Victim Files Case Against Peru in U.N. Committee [ CRR ]
Earlier : Doctors Let A Woman Die Rather Than Harm Them Fetus
Dozens of male police officers donned a pair of heels in Kampala , Uganda to raise awareness of gender violence . The police officers walked the streets of the city as part of a 16-day campaign to end attacks on women . Francis Ogweng , one of the police officers , decided to wear a pair of black leather stilettos and a red handbag . Speaking to Gay Star News , Ogweng said , “ It 's not easy to walk in the shoes of women . I tried it today , and I have seen myself . It 's hard. ” The campaign called , ‘ Walk a mile in their shoes ' was organised by the Gender Ministry . In 2013 , it was reported that around 70 % of women in the country had experienced domestic violence from their partners . Despite the positive reception towards the campaign , Uganda is considered to be one of the worst places to be LGBT as both male and female homosexuality is illegal . The pride event was set to take place near the town of Kampala but was reportedly broken up by police after Uganda 's Minister of State for Ethics and Integrity , Simon Lokodo , warned that anyone who attended the event would get arrested . Police raided the event and LGBT people were reportedly beaten , brutalised , arrested and sexually assaulted . Meanwhile in Chad , citizens have voted to criminalise same-sex sexual activity for both men and women this week . The vote raises the total number of countries around the world in which homosexuality is outlawed to 77 .
A man from Guizhou province who was admitted to hospital after reporting abdominal pain was discovered to have grown an extra two kidneys .
According to the Guizhou Metropolis Daily , 28-year-old Wang Kailian visited a local hospital complaining that at times the pain in their stomach was so severe they could not stand .
After being transferred to another hospital in Guiyang , doctors uncovered their abnormal number of kidneys and found that one had become infected . Wang successfully underwent an operation on Wednesday to remove the troublesome kidney and is now recuperating .
Wang 's doctor said that in their 20 years of experience in urinary medicine they had never seen anything like this particular case .
Family members say that Wang has enjoyed good health throughout their life and eats and drinks more than average . It is likely that had they not developed an infection they may never have known about their additional organs .
Reporters found that medical abnormalities run in Wang 's family , with their older sister , father ( pictured below ) and grandmother all having additional fingers or toes of varying sizes .
According to The Guardian , Wang 's condition , duplex kidneys , occurs in approximately one percent of the population . In most cases the kidneys are only partially formed .
Perhaps for these people the iPhone for kidney deal seems far less ethically tortuous .
Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
Eric Samuel Andre ( born April 4 , 1983 ) [ 1 ] is an American actor , comedian and television host . They are the creator , host , and co-writer of The Eric Andre Show on Adult Swim and played Mike on the FXX series Man Seeking Woman .
Early life [ edit ]
Eric Samuel Andre was born in Boca Raton , Florida , [ 2 ] the son of an Afro-Haitian immigrant father , a psychiatrist , and an Ashkenazi Jewish mother from the Upper West Side of New York City . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] They identify as both Black and Jewish . [ 3 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] After graduating from Dreyfoos School of the Arts in West Palm Beach , Florida in 2001 , Andre studied at Berklee College of Music in Boston , Massachusetts , where they played the double bass and they graduated in 2005 with a BFA . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Career [ edit ]
Andre is the creator and host of The Eric Andre Show , a parody public access talk show on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim . [ 10 ] The show features pranks , shock humor , sketches , and celebrity interviews .
Andre co-starred as Mark on the short-lived ABC comedy series Do n't Trust the B -- -- in Apartment 23 , and guest-starred on 2 Broke Girls as Deke , Max 's love interest and fellow pastry student . [ 11 ]
Andre played Mike in the FXX comedy series Man Seeking Woman , which premiered in 2015 . [ 12 ] The show 's third and final season , consisting of ten episodes , ran in early 2017 . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] They voice Luci in the Netflix animated show Disenchantment . [ 15 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
In September 2016 , they began dating actor Rosario Dawson . [ 16 ] [ 17 ] As of November 2017 , the couple are no longer together . [ 18 ]
Andre is an atheist . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ] In addition , they also practice Transcendental Meditation . [ 23 ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Web [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2010 Laugh Track Mash-Ups Parker Leon Episode : `` At Your Sir-vice '' 2013 Getting Doug with High Himself Episode # 5 [ 26 ] 2013 Flavor Flav Episode : `` Vanilla Ice & Flavor Flav '' 2016 Hot Ones Himself Episode : `` Eric Andre Turns Into Tay Zonday While Eating Spicy Wings ''
This Thursday , new cable Internet customers in Beaumont , Texas will no longer have unmetered Internet bandwidth – they 're guinea pigs in a new pricing scheme being pushed by Time-Warner that will give users between 5 and 40 gigabytes in total monthly data usage ( uploads and downloads combined ) . Data usage over that amount will be billed at $ 1 per gigabyte . Competitor Comcast is also considering metered bandwidth .
The goal is to limit average data usage , allowing Time-Warner to get more customers into their existing fiber infrastructure . Since there is little or no competition for Internet connectivity , they do n't have to worry so much about losing customers .
The entire model lies in stark contrast to the competitive markets set up in South Korea and elsewhere , and it 's going to hurt innovation in the U.S . Many new startups , particularly those focused on video and online gaming , rely on their customers having access to high bandwidth , all-you-can-eat connections .
Cable companies have regional monopolies and are able to extract excess profits from these monopolies . Innovation and the health of the ecosystem is dependent on a competitive marketplace . If one part of the market falls behind ( and we 're already behind in broadband penetration and average data speeds ) , it becomes very difficult for the ecosystem to remain competitive .
I 'm almost never in favor of government intervention of markets , but monopolies are an exception . We need to encourage data usage by consumers , not the opposite . The cable companies are standing in the way of economic growth and innovation . We ca n't afford a decade or more of screwing around before trying to fix this . Let 's start now .
Monta Akin on The 20 Year Deming Journey at the Leander Independent School District
January 23 , 2015
Monta Akin , Assistant Superintendent for Leander Independent School District in Leander , Texas joined Tripp Babbitt to record the latest podcast for the Deming Institute .
Monta shares the compelling story of Leander Independent School District 's transformation to a Deming based management system . It begins when Monta was first introduced to Deming when they came across the PBS broadcast of Quality or Else and has continued for 20 years .
In the podcast Monta stated :
Deming stated that is it important to “ drive out fear ” and I always wondered why we are n't talking about building trust . It did n't talk me to long to discover fear just creeps into the system unless you are aggressively trying to drive it out .
With teachers they trusted to speak freely , they asked “ what is the biggest fear for you as a teacher at our school ? ”
The same answer came back time and time again and that was the teacher evaluation system and the rating and ranking associated with it .
…
All the typical things that you would expect from studding Deming 's philosophy were apparent . People stopped collaborating : why would you show your best work when somebody could steal that lesson and [ get a good rating , which could then reduce the size of your bonus ] . People also would distort the system…
So the Leander school district requested a waiver to eliminate the evaluation from improvement and rewards . There was still an evaluation to determine if teachers were performing their job successfully .
That was huge in terms of gaining buy-in and trust from teachers . They saw that we were listening and we were willing to make changes to the system that will make it better for them .
Related : Deming Today-Leander Texas Independent School District – Deming Podcast : David Langford on Improving Education – Using Control Charts to Aid in Improving the Classroom Learning Environment – Deming 's Ideas Applied in High School Education
Categorised as : education , podcast , psychology , respect for people
About Goldsave
Goldsave Primary Co-operative Limited was established to make it possible for the rich and not so rich here in South Africa to own Gold and Silver .
South Africa is a gold and silver producing country , but very few people actually own it . Since 2011 you are by law allowed to own minted Gold and Silver bars . In the past you could only purchase Kruger Rands .
Gold is produced at a rate of about 2 ounces per second , that is $ 2400 per second at a price of $ 1200/ounce .
World debt is created at around $ 50 000 per second , out of nothing , which is called FIAT money . There is no back-up reserve and it bears interest .
Thus , if paper debt is created 17 times faster than its monetary reserve or the only tangible asset they can use as back-up , it means that paper or electronic currencies are losing value .
The global financial system is nearing a point of imploding .
Based on the above-mentioned facts GoldSave decided to incorporate an education program to teach people the value of different currencies ( Gold , Silver and Crypto Currencies ) and the real meaning of riches . Riches are not just money .
LEARN TODAY , EARN TOMORROW
During an 8-mile run on the beach , back when they were a visiting law professor at the University of Miami , Tim Canova once jumped over 572 garbage cans along the route on a dare . The leader of the running group nicknamed Canova `` The Hurdler . ''
`` I was full of piss and vinegar , '' said Canova , who ran steeplechase on their high school track team .
Canova , 55 , a law professor at Nova Southeastern University , now faces their biggest hurdle yet . He 's running for Congress and trying to topple U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , a South Florida political stalwart and chairperson of the Democratic National Committee .
It 's the first time Wasserman Schultz , 49 , of Weston , will face a primary opponent since they won a U.S. House seat in 2004 .
`` I look at it as David vs. Goliath , '' Canova told me Wednesday . `` But you know what ? David won . ''
So who is this guy , and what made them take $ 15,000 he 'd been saving for a down payment on a house in Hollywood to launch their quixotic campaign ?
`` Instead of sitting on my couch and yelling at the TV , I decided to do something , '' said Canova , a self-described progressive who quit corporate law for academia in the 1990s .
Tapping into voter discontent that 's erupted from both left ( Bernie Sanders ) and right ( Donald Trump ) , Canova said he 's tired of a broken political system that cares more about corporate interests than regular people . They said Wasserman Schultz is part of the problem and called them `` vulnerable . ''
Riding the Bernie bump , Canova said their campaign has raised over $ 900,000 to date , mostly in small donations and 90 percent from outside Florida . They said he 's not taking corporate money .
A Wasserman Schultz campaign spokesperson , Ryan Banfill , said by email that the `` takes every race seriously '' and `` is proud of their career-long progressive record of leadership on behalf of their constituents . ''
Born on Long Island , Canova went to Georgetown Law School and then was miserable at a six-figure job with a big New York law firm . They once lived on an Israeli kibbutz , a communal farm . Their stepfather of 40 years is Jewish . Their father , an Italian immigrant and World War II veteran who became a Wall Street investment banker , died when they were 10 .
In the 1980s , Canova was an aide to the late U.S. Sen. Paul Tsongas , D-Mass . In 2011 , Canova served as an adviser to Sanders , the independent U.S. senator from Vermont now giving Hillary Clinton fits . Canova has been warning about rising income inequality and a banking system stacked against the little guy in academic journals since the 1990s .
For the past four years , Canova has taught banking and finance law at NSU 's Shepard Broad Law Center in Davie . They no longer practices law , retired from the New York Bar and inactive in the Washington , D.C. , Bar .
`` When people meet him , they go , 'Whoa , we have a real choice here , ' said Rich Bell , Canova 's campaign manager , who grew up with them in Merrick , N.Y. `` In a way , Debbie brought this on herself . ''
Canova said they voted for Wasserman Schultz in 2014 . Last summer , they called their office to express concerns about the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a trade bill they voted to fast track through an accompanying measure . Told to email a legislative aide , they said they never got a response .
`` I have Washington experience , I have policy experience , I teach at the only law school in their district , '' Canova said . `` And I could n't get a reply . That struck me as arrogance . ''
Banfill said Wasserman Schultz has not yet taken a position on the Trans-Pacific Partnership and it has n't come before Congress for a vote .
In January , with no staff , organization or money , Canova filed to run against them Canova said a local political consultant recommended by a friend hung up on them when they called to say what they were doing . But in the Internet age , insurgent candidates have other means of support .
After raising $ 540,000 in the first quarter of 2016 , Canova 's contributions keep pouring in . The money has enabled them to open a field office in downtown Hollywood , hire campaign professionals and mull their advertising strategy . Sitting at plastic folding tables , eight full-time staffers eagerly worked computers and phones the other day . A Democratic activist walked in and warmly greeted Canova , thanking them for running and griping how Wasserman Shultz has become more distant from constituents as their national profile has grown .
Wasserman Schultz has declined Canova 's invitation to debate , standard practice for incumbents who do n't want to give challengers legitimacy .
`` Qualifying ends in June and the final field is n't set , '' Wasserman Schultz 's spokesperson said . `` It 's premature to discuss the campaign schedule before that . ''
At some point they risk ignoring Canova at their own peril .
Canova has been busy making the rounds at local union shops , Democratic clubs and synagogues . They hope to exploit Wasserman Schultz 's opposition to medical marijuana and their support for the Iranian nuclear deal during the campaign . ( He opposed the treaty but says now that it 's signed , the U.S. must monitor and enforce it ) .
Canova said he 's been studying the successful grassroots campaigns of Dave Brat , an economics professor and Tea Party activist from Virginia who shocked House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a 2014 Republican primary and Paul Wellstone , a Democratic academic who upset an incumbent Republican to win a Minnesota U.S. Senate seat in 1990 .
Their bid is already having an effect . Wasserman Schultz signs have started sprouting along roads and a big glossy Wasserman Schultz campaign mailer arrived in constituents ' mailboxes this week . With the Aug. 30 primary still nearly four months away , that 's unusually early .
`` I 've gotten their attention , '' Canova said .
mmayo @ sunsentinel.com , 954-356-4508 .
Leigh Ann Sepelyak allegedly set their boyfriend on fire , and then doused them with urine to put out the blaze .
A Pennsylvania woman set their sleeping boyfriend on fire and then threw buckets of urine on them to extinguish the flames , authorities allege .
Leigh Ann Sepelyak , 38 , and the man argued early Sunday , and after they fell asleep , they doused them with gasoline and set them ablaze , Penn Hills police chief Howard Burton said .
I parents , who live upstairs , heard the man 's screams and rushed into the room . Sepelyak then threw at least two buckets of urine on him , Burton said . The couple had been urinating in buckets as to not disturb them parents .
The man 's injuries are n't life threatening , Burton said .
Sepelyak was charged in Allegheny County with attempted homicide and arson . Attorney information for them was not available Tuesday .
Copyright Associated Press
I 'm enjoying Matt Smith 's current tenure as The Doctor , but I 've been thinking about the good Doctor 's 12th incarnation . I thought of quite a few prominent British actors ; Martin Freeman , Robert Carlyle ....
Then I thought of the obvious choice : Someone who 's totally NOT obvious ! Much like the choosing of Matt Smith , this one 's a bit of an unknown . Or WAS . Now , he 's a famed late-night talk show host , he 's been on programs spanning nearly three decades , ranging from `` The Drew Carey Show '' to `` Red Dwarf . ''
I vote Craig Ferguson for the role of The Twelfth Doctor ! Aside from who will play the good Doctor , I figured out how he 'll behave , their quirks , etc . This Doctor 's obviously quite steampunk , from their goggles , down to their Victorian-era patterned coat and golden cogwheel lapel pin . He 's a grungier , more hands-on Doctor , but still has the amazing intellect to outwit the likes of The Master , the Daleks and the Cybermen .
I can envision them behaving much like a combination of the Fourth Doctor ( Tom Baker ) and Ninth Doctor ( Chris Eccelson ) , retaining their ingenious nature , but also behaving in a rather outgoing manner with a hint of mad scientist , ala Herbert West , or someone of the like .
Made in Adobe Photoshop CS3 . Craig Ferguson belongs to himself , Doctor Who belongs to BBC Television , c. 1963-2010 .
A year ago today , Navy SEALs killed Osama bin Laden , a capstone event in the decade-long war on terrorism . Bin Laden 's death , coupled with other setbacks for the terrorist movement they led , has allowed U.S. officials to muse openly about the ultimate defeat of al-Qaida . There 's just one problem : U.S. counterterrorism officials do not know how they would know if the terrorist movement is actually destroyed .
The anniversary of bin Laden 's death has made senior Obama administration officials practically brag about the poor shape al-Qaida is now in . The deputy director for national intelligence , Robert Cardillo , said `` the next two or three years '' will be crucial for al-Qaida , as its offshoots in places like Yemen , Somalia , North Africa and Iraq `` surpass the remnants of the core al-Qaida '' and focus on local attacks , rather than hitting the United States . John Brennan , President Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser , boasted to a Washington think tank on Monday that `` for the first time since this fight began , we can look ahead and envision a world in which the al-Qaida core is simply no longer relevant . ''
But as much as U.S. officials might look ahead to a world without al-Qaida , they might not know when they 're staring it in the face . On a conference call with reporters on Friday , a senior U.S. counterterrorism official who would not speak on the record conceded that envisioning an actual , definitive end to al-Qaida `` is n't a science , where we have a yardstick that says 'we 're halfway toward strategic defeat , we 're 60 percent of the way . ' ''
The official continued , `` I think it is a very useful exercise , for us and for you all , to think about how do you conceive of the defeat of an organization like al-Qaida ? But I think , I 've said in the past , determining whether or not we 've achieved strategic defeat may be more a question for historians than for analysts . ''
That would be a problematic statement about any conflict . But it 's especially troubling for this particular war . The Authorization to Use Military Force , passed by Congress in the days after the 9/11 attacks , is an open-ended grant for presidents to wage war against anything it calls al-Qaida , and the Obama administration argues that there is no need for Congress to revisit its wide-ranging authorities . If there 's no way to call an end to this conflict , it means this limitless , practically unaccountable war continues until the Sun goes supernova .
But in fairness , there 's something to the official 's point . al-Qaida is hardly a traditional enemy . Since bin Laden 's death and the rise of successor Ayman al-Zawahiri , its command structure , already decentralized , has come into question . Unlike traditional terrorist groups , it does n't fight for the achievement of a specific political goal like the control of a government – its grandiose vision of a global Islamic caliphate is a fantasy – and so a template for ending the organization is in short supply . Experts debate whether al-Qaida will end when its core leadership in Pakistan is destroyed ; when its affiliates around the world are destroyed ; or whether its online propaganda is gone .
Yet it 's a problematic for the U.S. not to offer an answer to the question . If the U.S. does n't know what the end of al-Qaida looks like , then it ca n't actually craft a strategy toward that outcome . All it can do is continue waging that war – which has cost ten years , thousands of lives , trillions of dollars and traditional balances between liberty and security – in the shadows , led by commandos and armed flying robots .
It also ca n't know if the actions it takes are counterproductive to the goal it seeks . The senior counterterrorism official said that among the regional terror offshoots most concerning to the U.S. is al-Qaida in Iraq – an organization that did not exist until the U.S. invaded Iraq and which has outlasted the U.S. military withdrawal .
Jarret Brachman , the author of Global Jihadism : Theory and Practice , said that all U.S. counterterrorism officials need do to understand what defeat looks like for al-Qaida is to study the statements of the organization 's leaders . `` Al-Qaida 's stated goals are now to : simply stay alive , try not to further alienate themselves , lower everyone 's expectations about their capabilities , and demonstrate a modicum of strategic relevance , '' Brachman told Danger Room .
`` Al-Qaida has gone so far as to openly embrace the fact that there is a generation of violent jihadists who do not want to be al-Qaida , which al-Qaida almost ironically applauds as a great way to now be al-Qaida , '' Brachman continued . `` Combine all that with reports of Bin Laden 's intense anxiety over al-Qaida 's tarnished brand image and you can see how al-Qaida 's senior leadership believes that 'al-Qaida , ' as it has been conventionally understood , is on strategic life support . ''
There is an argument to be made that the U.S. has already defeated al-Qaida . The core organization is under such pressure from the drone war in tribal Pakistan that it has outsourced attacking the U.S. to al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula – which failed in two attempts at striking the U.S. in 2009 and 2010 . Even if either attempt had succeeded , neither would have come close to killing the 3000 Americans that al-Qaida murdered on 9/11 . What 's more , according to U.S. intelligence officials , the major al-Qaida offshoots in Yemen , Iraq , Somalia and the African Sahel are currently focused on attacking local targets , not the faraway United States .
`` Some could argue the organization that brought us 9/11 is essentially gone , '' the senior counterterrorism official added . Even the Somali-Americans who have alarmingly traveled to Somalia seemingly to join the Qaida-affiliated Shebab organization have more often than not done so out of `` Somali nationalism , '' said the official , rather than sympathy for al-Qaida 's ideology .
`` Applying the 'Qa'ida ' label remains confused in meaning and context . It 's often either misapplied or the person using it has little notion of what they or they mean , '' said Robert McFadden , who until recently hunted al-Qaida cells as an agent for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service . `` Some smart sports analyst once referred to 'the Muhammad Ali syndrome , ' with Ali simply mentioning the name of the next tomato can they were to fight , they [ ended up making ] the guy much bigger than they ever are . ''
Perhaps , but even if the U.S. were to stop referring to regional offshoots or homegrown terrorists as `` al-Qaida , '' it still would n't answer fundamental questions about American strategy . When can the drones stop bombing Waziristan without fear of al-Qaida 's core reconstituting itself ? When can the U.S. cease hunting terrorists in Yemen without fear that al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula will someday bomb Manhattan ? Until the U.S. government comes up with answers for those questions , all the bragging about the death of Osama bin Laden will conceal the fact that it 's still fighting terrorism in the dark .
BEREA , Ohio -- Brian Hoyer worked with the first team Wednesday at the Cleveland Browns ' offseason practice , with Johnny Manziel up third .
The Browns followed through on the plan to make Manziel earn their spot , and on some plays during the workout , the rookie showed why .
Editor 's Picks McManamon : Hard work begins for Manziel Johnny Manziel has impressed some with their demeanor off the field , but Wednesday 's practice suggests there is plenty of work to be done on the field , as is the case with most rookies , Pat McManamon writes .
Graziano : Can Browns handle Johnny Football ? Early missteps suggest that Cleveland 's inexperienced leadership is n't ready for Johnny Manziel-mania , writes Dan Graziano . 1 Related
`` I just think like any other rookie that he 's inconsistent , '' Browns coach Mike Pettine said after the second day of the entire team being on the practice field . `` I think a lot of it is the mental part of it . [ Manziel ] is more worrying about getting the formation right , making sure the motion 's correct . Then he 's got the cadence , and then he 's got to worry about where guys are .
`` Being good mechanically takes a backseat to learning the system first . ''
Manziel struggled at times with throws , though they did hit Josh Gordon with a nice pass in five-on-five . They also are able to escape the pocket to complete a couple passes , though the pass rush was no where close to full speed .
`` You 've got to build a foundation first , '' Pettine said . `` I think we want them to learn the offense first . We know that when we get into live situations that he 's going to be able to make plays . We 're not going to try to coach that out of him .
`` These are just basic , basic installations . Just trying to learn formations , trying to learn basic plays . I think there will be a time down the road for the stuff that makes them special , the improv stuff . ''
After the practice , Browns general manager Ray Farmer appeared on 93.2 The Fan in Cleveland and said that Hoyer currently is the better quarterback `` by a substantial margin . ''
And then El Niño said , “ Let there be rain ! ”
So is California 's drought over ?
The short answer is : It 's complicated .
Here in my home state of California , it 's been raining more this winter than the previous four winters . Folks here are pretty pumped about that . No one I know dares to complain when it 's raining out , perhaps because of our unspoken , mutual understanding that we are , or were , living in a serious drought , and we need all the rain we can get .
Wait , which is it ? Are we or were we living in a drought ?
Contra Costa Times announced that California 's Shasta Lake reached 100 percent of its historic average , thanks to downpours from the latest El Niño storm . The 21-mile lake is California 's largest above-ground water reservoir . It can hold enough water to serve the needs of 23 million people for a year , and feeds water to farms and cities from the Bay Area to Bakersfield—which is about a 300-mile distance .
Contra Costa Times reported that on Dec. 8 Lake Shasta was just 29 percent full , but has since reached 101 percent of the historic average for mid-March , but it gets better . Other California reservoirs are seeing similar trends . The state 's second-largest reservoir– Oroville in Butte County– reached 69 percent full on Sunday , while Pardee in the Sierra Nevada 's Mokelumne watershed hit 89 percent full .
Tom Groves , a manager at Shasta Marina at Packers Bay , said , “ A lot of people think it takes years to fill the lake after a drought . But all it needs is one good winter . It will probably be full by May . ”
So can Californians finally breathe a sigh of relief and get back to business as usual in terms of our water consumption ?
Not so fast .
California 's main reservoir is actually its mountain snowpack , and as Climate Central explains , “ A string of winter storms boosted by El Niño has restored much of the mountain snow that melts through summer to help top up the state 's reservoirs , but the prognosis for the decades ahead remains grim . ”
Why is that ?
Well for one thing , despite the string of the latest storms , the Sierra Nevada snowpack contains 10 percent less water than average for this time of year , even if it is a vast improvement over the same time last year , when it was worse than 90 percent below average .
So the snowpack may be the best it 's been in years , but it 's still below average .
Plus , there 's another major player in California 's drought game besides lack of rainfall : climate change .
Climate Central explains , “ The kinds of storms that boosted the state 's snowpack this year is expected to become less effective as the impacts of climate change continue to worsen . ”
Climate change researchers believe that climate change will corrode California 's snowpack , forcing water officials to reimagine how they store and distribute water in the drought-prone state . That 's where California 's aquifers come in , our underground containers of water supply .
Beyond the fact that California has had to tap its aquifers during the drought , putting our backup water storage levels at risk , many believe that they have been historically mismanaged and that there is room for vast improvement .
Climate Central says , “ Work is underway to improve the management of water stored in the state 's underground aquifers , which could help compensate for its loss of snowpack storage . ”
Where are California 's aquifer water levels at right now ? According to some experts , while California reservoirs are filling , groundwater levels remain low after four years of heavy pumping during the drought .
So back to the question at hand–is California 's drought over ? The official answer is : No .
The California Department of Water Resources announced recently :
“ Although this is the wettest year since the drought began in 2012 , one somewhat improved season does not compensate for four prior years of drought . Ending a drought means having enough precipitation and runoff throughout the state to mitigate the impacts we 've experienced . Water year 2016 does n't get us there . ”
So how will we know when the drought is over ? Sorry , folks . The answer , water experts say , is more complicated than you 'd think . I like how the Mercury News describes it :
“ Other disasters are easier to understand . Everyone knows when a forest fire is contained , an earthquake stops shaking or a tornado has passed . But with California droughts , there is n't widespread agreement among scientists and water managers about what signifies the finish line .
California is a huge state , with many different climates , water sources and water users . Decent rain over a few months may be enough to grow green grass so that a Sacramento Valley cattle rancher 's business returns to normal in one season . But it might not fill reservoirs enough so a Bay Area city can lift water conservation rules . ”
It 's always good to have a plan , especially when factors beyond our control — like , say , weather — are involved .
Of course no one can predict how much more rain California will get this winter , let alone in upcoming winters . So to prepare for the unknown this year , the California Department of Water Resources and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation have finalized the 2016 Drought Contingency Plan , which outlines the state 's water operations for February-November 2016 .
National Geographic 's Brian Clark Howard says , “ The Golden State is being drenched by heavy rains and snow driven by a powerful El Niño . But quenching a years-long thirst takes more than a few storms . ”
I could n't agree more . Howard lays out four things that need to happen to end California 's drought , which you should read if you 're looking for a more thorough understanding of the complexities of California 's drought and what it will take to mark an end to this drought .
It 's interesting ; just last month , California extended mandatory water cuts despite its growing snowpacks and heavy rains , and amid mounting pressure by many to lift restrictions .
According to the Contra Costa Times , the State Water Resources Control Board has said it will meet in mid-April to decide how much to relax the mandatory water targets that last summer forced nearly every urban area in the state to impose water rationing and other restrictions .
Is it fun to look at dramatic images of improved drought conditions in California due to El Niño ? Of course it is . But it should n't sway Californians from treating water as the finite resource that it is .
For those interested in keeping tabs on California 's reservoir storage levels , here 's a frequently updated source for current levels .
Water Conservation Is a Way of Life
If you ask me , when it comes to water consumption , there should be no going back to business as usual . There should be a permanent change , where business as usual means water conservation is a way of life , not a practice to be re-visited every time our aquifers , reservoirs and snow packs run low . That type of merry-go-round , unsustainable thinking is part ( keyword : part ) of what got us into trouble in the first place .
What 's the harm in conserving water , even if we do so beyond what Mother Earth deems necessary in the moment ? Beyond any financial ramifications–which you can blame profit-centered capitalism for , not Mother Earth—wo n't it only serve to prepare us for the next drought ? And if history is any indication , there WILL be a next time .
If you agree , check out these 20 Ways to Conserve Water at Home .
Photo Credit : Thinkstock
Feyzi Ismail and Alpa Shah correctly draw attention to the perils inherent in an overflux of identity politics , citing current experiences ( “ Class Struggle , the Maoists and the Indigenous Question in Nepal and India , ” EPW , 29 August 2015 ) . However , their proposition of a “ lack of clarity ” in relation to the indigenous question in case of the Maoist movement in India is not of much help in advancing the discussion .
While it is true that it has been late in paying due attention to the specificities of caste and ethnic discrimination , this has not been the case for at least the past two decades or so . Its programmatic position of autonomy ( instead of the right to self-determination ) in Adivasi regions in mainland India is a considered one—founded on the view that the tribal people inhabiting them are not yet citizens of the country , while accepting the need to address the speci­ficities of their socio-economic-cultural existence .
This has its theoretical argument , open to contest as any other . But it certainly would not do to dismiss it as a “ lack of clarity. ” Besides , while some Janjatis of Nepal ( the Tharu and Tamang to cite a couple ) should be identified as citizens , the blanket categorisation of all of them as such is questionable . A lack of theoretical rigour displayed in such sweeping generalisations and its programmatic consequences could also be a factor behind later distortions over there , as noted by the authors .
Coming back to India , there is the further question of how appropriate it would be for a critique to take a presentation of the movement , even if given by those sympathetic to it as that of the movement itself . Neither its theory nor its practice in the connectedness of activities in the Adivasi regions has ever projected itself as an Adivasi movement . Certainly , it has insisted on its class character and deepened its understanding of the class differentiation existing among the Gonds , Mundas and other tribal peoples , even while striving to gain a better grasp of the distinctiveness of their societies .
The programme and regulations of the embryonic forms of rule being built up there draw on local tribal traditions . They also establish new norms and values in opposition to customary ones inimical to the people . The guarantees given to women , emancipating them from brutal patriarchy , and democratic forms of rule supervised by the masses to replace the arbitrary rule of the elders , are some samples . ( Incidentally , this should caution one against ideas that “ egalitarianism ” can emerge from Adivasi communities . Drawing on their traditions of equity as a source aiding the contemporary movements for egalitarianism , which is what Mariátegui really drew attention to , is a different matter altogether . )
Finally , even more than misguided presentations of the movement as an Adivasi one , its projection as one primarily focused on defending natural resources from corporate plunder should be a matter of concern for all favourable to the precedence of class politics . While the drive for resources forms a compelling aspect guiding the state in the regimes , the challenge posed by the emergence of a counter rule , a new society , is the principal factor propelling its all-out effort to regain control . That the Adivasis , despised as “ backward ” by the self-acclaimed “ advanced , ” stand as conscious agents of the social creation at its very cutting edges is testimony to both the shallowness of such a cultural stamp , and the potential of the “ idea ” once it grips minds .
K Muralidharan
YERWADA CENTRAl PRISON , PUNE
Vol – L No . 40 , October 03 , 2015 Economic and Poltical Weekly
MADISON , WI – FEB 21 : Thousands fill the capitol protesting Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker 's proposal to eliminate collective bargaining rights for public workers on Feb 21 , 2011 in Madison Wisconsin . ( Photo : Suzanne Tucker / Shutterstock.com )
Scott Walker has struck another blow against democracy .
On Monday , the Republican Wisconsin governor signed into law a bill that made Wisconsin the nation 's 25th right-to-work-for-less state .
For Badger State workers , this is nothing short of a disaster . Contrary to what you might hear on Fox So-Called News or read in The Wall Street Journal , right-to-work-for-less laws are not a recipe for economic success .
In fact , according to the Economic Policy Institute , “ 8 of the 10 worst states in terms of quality of life are [ right-to-work ] states . ”
And that 's not even the worst of it .
See more news and opinion from Thom Hartmann at Truthout here .
Studies also show that workers in right-to-work-for-less states make less money , get skimpier health benefits and are more likely to die on the job than workers in union security states .
Republicans , of course , like to argue that all this does n't matter because right-to-work-for-less states have lower unemployment rates .
But that claim does n't really hold up to much scrutiny .
In reality , 7 of the top 10 states in terms of unemployment rate are right-to-work-for-less states , and if anything , the lower unemployment rate in some right-to-work-for-less states probably has more to do with population size than union-busting .
So whatever way you look at it , right-to-work-for-less laws like Wisconsin 's are a raw deal , both for workers and the states they live in .
They also pose a mortal threat to a democratic workplace , and that 's arguably a much bigger problem .
That 's because the real purpose of right-to-work-for-less-laws is n't to lower wages or gut health benefits – although those are some nice side benefits as far as corporate America is concerned .
No , the real purpose of right-to-work-for-less laws is to totally gut the negotiating power of unions , the most important check we have against concentrated wealth and power .
You see , in its natural state , capitalism looks a lot like feudalism . The CEO is the king , and often lives and travels like one . The senior executives are the lords , and amass great wealth and control the lives and fates of those under them .
The workers , on the other hand , are serfs , and if they dare defy the king or their lords , they can be punished in ways up to and including imprisonment .
This was the way it was for most of our history until the 1930s when labor unions – after years of violence at the hand of elite corporate bosses – finally won the right to organize .
The result was a two-generations-long period of economic equality that Reagan abruptly ended in the 1980s when they began the modern day war on labor .
Make no mistake – unions were fundamental to the broad levels of prosperity that we saw between the New Deal and the Reagan revolution .
That 's because , like the legislative branch in our checks-and-balances system of government , unions are a counterweight to the power of the executive .
Without that counterweight , capitalism reverts back to its feudal origins , which is exactly what 's happened since the Reagan years .
Thanks to the right 's war on labor , union membership is now at a decades-long low , and , as a result wealth inequality is now at a decades-long high .
But unions do n't just make the economy more democratic , they also make the political system more democratic .
Unions are the seeds of small “ d ” democracy .
When people join unions , they learn what it 's like to work cooperatively towards a common goal and they learn the value of direct action against entrenched power .
It 's no coincidence that the period in US history that saw the highest levels of union participation in the workplace also saw high levels of political activism , and it 's no coincidence that as union membership has plummeted over the past few decades , so too , has the faith the average person puts in our political system .
It 's time for that to change .
Faith in democracy , whether it be in Washington or the workplace , is fundamental to the survival of our republic .
So call your local congressperson today to tell them you support card check , oppose right-to-work-for-less laws , and believe that , as the old labor song goes , “ there is power in a union . ”
New research suggests aspirin may reduce risk for liver cancer in hepatitis B patients . Photo by chuck stock/Shutterstock
FRIDAY , Oct. 20 , 2017 -- Daily aspirin may reduce the risk of liver cancer for people with hepatitis B infection , a new study suggests .
Hepatitis B virus attacks the liver and can cause cirrhosis and liver cancer . Previous research suggests daily low-dose aspirin therapy may prevent cancer , but there is little clinical evidence on whether regular aspirin use can prevent liver cancer in people with hepatitis B .
Researchers from Taiwan analyzed data from close to 205,000 patients with chronic hepatitis B . They found that those on daily aspirin were much less likely to develop liver cancer over five years than those who did not take aspirin .
It 's important to note , however , that the study only found these associations , but did not establish a cause-and-effect link .
The findings are scheduled to be presented Monday at an American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases meeting , in Washington , D.C .
About 240 million people worldwide have chronic hepatitis B , according to the association .
While antiviral medicines can significantly reduce liver cancer risk in people with the hepatitis B virus , or HBV , they do n't eliminate it and are not appropriate for everyone , said lead investigator Dr. Teng-Yu Lee .
Lee is a researcher in the department of gastroenterology at Taichung Veterans General Hospital .
`` For effectively preventing HBV-related liver cancer , the findings of this study may help hepatologists treat patients with chronic HBV infection in the future , particularly for those who are not indicated for antiviral therapy . We are pursuing prospective investigations for further confirming the findings , '' Lee said in a meeting news release .
Research presented at medical meetings is typically considered preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has more on hepatitis B .
Copyright © 2017 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
( Reuters ) - Chronic lapses in safety procedures at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico may have led to a radiation leak that has forced a prolonged shutdown across the state of the only permanent U.S. nuclear waste repository , federal inspectors said on Wednesday .
The inspectors , in a sharply critical report , sought to explain how a barrel of plutonium-tainted debris from the nuclear weapons lab near Santa Fe ended up improperly packaged before it was shipped off for burial 300 miles away at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant .
The leak of radiation , a small amount of which escaped to the surface and contaminated 22 workers at the plant , ranks as the facility 's worst mishap since it opened in 1999 .
Previous findings by government regulators suggest the waste drum contained a volatile mix of nitrate salts and organic matter that ruptured the barrel after it was placed in a vault half a mile underground at the plant .
Such a mix was shown to be “ inherently hazardous ” in a 2000 study by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . But flawed procedures at Los Alamos fostered a culture “ that permitted the introduction of potentially incompatible materials ” in waste drums there , according to the report by the U.S. Energy Department 's Office of Inspector General .
The lab 's “ waste processing and safety-related control procedures should have prevented the addition of these potentially incompatible materials . However , the process failed in this matter , ” federal inspectors said in the report .
Energy Department officials and their contractors , charged with ensuring that nuclear waste processed at Los Alamos could be safely disposed of at the Carlsbad facility , failed to heed a 2012 technical paper advising that waste drums containing nitrate salts be treated with an absorbent such as kitty litter composed of inorganic solids and instead used organic kitty litter , according to the report .
In a written response to the report , the Energy Department 's nuclear security managers said processing at Los Alamos of so-called transuranic waste was suspended in May for safety reasons . Managers said they also imposed “ additional precautionary protection measures to ensure our workers , the public and the environment are protected . ”
The report led Don Hancock , head of the watchdog group called the Southwest Research and Information Center , to demand the government hire new contractors to manage the lab and the waste dump and for tougher regulation at both facilities .
“ All of those entities made mistakes , ” they said .
Media reports have called them the “ tigers of the sea ” and “ white death , ” striking potential prey with the “ power of a horse. ” Such descriptions are fearsome enough , but it 's the great white shark 's purported appetite for human flesh that sends chills skittering up spines . A 1916 article in the Richmond Times-Dispatch , printed just after the still-famous string of shark-related deaths that year , came to a truly creepy conclusion : Those who believe that the great white 's propensity to dine on humans is real and steadily increasing “ have the weight of evidence on their side . ”
Thanks to the movie Jaws , the great white 's reputation as a ruthless man-eater pervades to this day . So you ca n't be blamed for being slightly concerned if you took a quiz claiming to match your personality with a shark 's , put together by the Discovery Channel , and found out that you are a great white . Sure , you may indeed be “ curious yet cautious ” and “ aggressive but also recessive ; ” people may be “ dangerously intrigued ” by you . But does your personality really match that of such a loathed creature ? Can an entire species of sharks be generalized in that way ?
Jean Sebastien Finger , a biologist at the Bimini Biological Field Station in the Bahamas may have answers . For a little over a year , Finger has been trying to find out whether sharks have personalities . Personality , by its very name , seems to apply only to a person , e.g. , a human . But can a shark actually be shy ? Social ? A risk-taker ? Fierce or mellow ?
Though Finger is the first , to their knowledge , to study sharks in this way , they are not alone among animal behaviorists . Their work fits with a growing field of research investigating what scientists call “ behavioral syndromes , ” or ways of acting that differ from one individual to another but are consistent across time and situation . It turns out scientists are finding personality in a whole range of species , sharks now included .
The basic idea that nonhuman animals have personality is n't all that new . In the 1920s in Conditioned Reflexes , Ivan Pavlov describes their observations of different behavioral responses in dogs “ depending on the type of nervous system of the animal. ” And in 1938 , an American psychologist named Meredith P. Crawford developed a behavior rating scale for young chimpanzees , publishing the work in the Journal of Comparative Psychology . Jane Goodall was a bit more personal , noting in the memoir Through a Window , that the personality of one chimp named Passion was as different from another chimp 's “ as chalk from cheese . ”
Yet only recently has scientific opinion shifted beyond viewing this variation as meaningless noise . Researchers now want to quantify individual variation and figure out why it exists . For example , scientific observers are increasingly coming to the realization that animals do n't always behave in the best way in a given situation , says Alexander Weiss , a psychologist at the University of Edinburgh who studies evolution of personality . An animal may not go off on its own to look for food , even though that seems like the best choice . “ They are behaving suboptimally , ” Weiss says , “ what is underlying that ? ”
Imagining primates and even pets with their own personalities is n't so hard . But some of the most fascinating work stars less predictable animals–birds , fish , hermit crabs and spiders , among others . Unlike the shark quiz offered by the Discovery Channel , the studies distinguish not one species from the next , but individuals within a species .
Finger 's species of choice is the lemon shark , and with good reason . These sharks are the lab mice of the sea . Scientists know a ton about the biology of lemon sharks–they are easy to capture and handle , and they are amenable to captivity . What 's more , Finger works with juveniles , which measure a meter or less in length .
After catching and tagging these sharks in the shallow waters of Bimini , about 60 miles east of Miami , Finger and their colleagues run a battery of tests in experimental pools . In a test looking for sociability , they allow the sharks to swim around together for about 20 minutes , documenting every 30 seconds whether a shark is interacting with its peers . “ If you see two sharks following each other , that is typical social behavior , ” says Finger . “ It 's very similar to humans in the sense that some people will be in groups more often than other people. ” In another test looking for an interest in novelty , Finger and their team put sharks , one at a time , in a 40-by-20 foot pen that the sharks have never experienced . The team documented how much each shark explored the pen .
In both cases , sharks are tested again after a week and after six months ( returning to their natural habitat during the longer interim , only to be caught once again ) . The repetition allows the researchers to test for consistency . Preliminary results presented in July in Albuquerque , New Mexico , at the Joint Meeting of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists show that individual lemon sharks do have different degrees of sociability and novelty-seeking . “ They are not machines , they have personality , ” Finger says .
What 's more , initial data hint at a trade-off : Sharks more interested in novelty tend to be less social , and vice versa . Finger suspects that animals that have the safety of a group take fewer risks . Novelty-seekers venture off on their own and , though more prone to danger , they also do n't have to share the food they find with others . It 's sort of how the risk-takers and game-changers in human societies are n't always so good at playing well with others .
In time , scientists hope to compare personality data from a range of species to try to understand why animals , including people , have personality and how it evolved . Personality , and even a mix of personalities within a group , may turn out to have huge consequences for survival . “ We find in the human literature that personality is massively important for things like work satisfaction , marital stability , how long we live , whether we get heart attacks , ” Weiss says .
Until then , Finger 's big message is that “ you ca n't generalize behavior of one individual to a species. ” Even if a species as a whole tends to be more aggressive than another , some individuals within that species could still be pretty mellow .
So although your concept of self is n't likely to be wrapped up in an online quiz , you may find comfort in Finger 's words . Maybe you are a great white , but not every great white is the same .
Tea is something I drink every single day . It 's sacred at my house – I even have a whole drawer devoted to it ! I drink it because it is amazing for your health . There are so many varieties of tea that can improve digestion , metabolism and even prevent certain diseases . This investigation into tea ingredients has been in the making for a long time . What I 'm about to share with you totally rocked my world forever and I 'll never look at tea in the same way again . Do you really want to know what 's in your tea ? …Then read on .
The ancient Chinese tradition of drinking tea dates back thousand of years to the early Chinese dynasties and aristocrats who drank the beverage for its medicinal properties . In ancient times , leaves from the Camellia Sinensis ( the tea plant ) were either ground into a powder or placed as loose leaves directly into water to infuse it with herbal essence . Unfortunately , modern day tea is nothing like the unadulterated version of old tea . Many of today 's tea brands are operating under the guise of providing health benefits and promoting clean living , but are actually laden with pesticides , toxins , artificial ingredients , added flavors and GMOs .
Conventional Teas – An Abundance of Pesticides
Did you know that most tea is not washed before it is put it into bags ? That means if the tea was sprayed with cancer-causing pesticides , those pesticides go directly into your cup . And this is the reason why tea is on my organic shopping priority list . To prove this point , here are some shocking facts about one of the most well-known tea brands – Celestial Seasonings .
A recent third-party analysis by Glaucus Research and discussed here found that 91 percent of Celestial Seasonings tea tested had pesticide residues exceeding the U.S. limits . For example , Sleepytime Kids Goodnight Grape Herbal contained 0.26 ppm of propachlor , which is a known carcinogen under California 's Propsition 65 .
The “ Wellness ” tea line was found to contain traces of propargite , also a known carcinogen and developmental toxin . The FDA has already issued two warning letters to Celestial Seasonings in regard to poor quality control according to this source . Imagine what happens when pesticide-laden tea is steeped in boiling water .
If grocery store brands do n't provide a clean option for you , perhaps a high-end loose leaf tea would circumvent some of the issues of grocery store brands . Right ? Wrong ! Take Teavana , which is found in malls across North America for example . Teavana taps into tea culture with the “ Teavana Experience. ” Convincing their employees to take customers on a sensory journey – they open a huge canister of loose leaf tea and wave the top of the canister so you can smell the tea – touting all of the wonderful health benefits of tea complete with samples and manipulative demonstrations that end in an expensive visit to the tea shop . Is all the extra money worth it ? Are customers getting a superior tea product ? No .
Teavana tea was tested by an independent lab and 100 percent of it was found to contain pesticides . One tea in particular , Monkey Picked Oolong , contained 23 pesticides . 77 percent of the teas would fail European Union pesticide import standards , and would be banned from import . 62 percent of the teas tested contained traces of endosulfan , a pesticide that has been banned by the U.S. , China , the E.U. , and 144 other countries because it has been linked to impaired fertility and could harm unborn babies .
UPDATE ( May 27 , 2014 ) : Glaucus Research funded the research done by Eurofins Scientific ( an independent lab ) and admits on their disclaimer that they are biased because they would make money if Hain 's stock declines . However – I am not sure that Eurofins ' research should be completely discounted on this point alone . Since I wrote this post , Celestial has been sued in a class-action lawsuit based on the pesticides that Eurofins found in their teas and for mislabeling of them as “ 100 % Natural ” . The jury is still out on whether Eurofins ' research will be considered legit , as this case is still active in California . The Plaintiffs contend that Celestial 's teas contain “ pesticides , herbicides , insecticides , carcinogens , and/or developmental toxins ( collectively , “ Contaminants ” ) ” and Celestial “ did not dispute – and has never disputed – that the tea Products contained Contaminants . Nor has ( Celestial ) challenged the results of the Eurofins Tests ” and “ has not claimed that Eurofins was biased or that the Eurofins Tests were not , in fact , accurate ” . Even if it is determined that Eurofins ' research was not accurate – it 's important to note that Celestial 's tea that was tested is NOT organic and some of this tea is sourced from China . Greenpeace issued a report on the alarming amount of pesticides finds on tea from China , followed up by a detailed report on Lipton brand tea from China – in which they recommend only purchasing certified organic tea to avoid these pesticides . Reference law documents : Complaint ; Plaintiff 's Memo in Opposition to Motion to Dismiss . Case 8:13-cv-01757-AG-AN
Teas Can Contain Artificial Flavoring , Natural Flavors , and Hidden GMOs
Furthermore , a majority of Teavana teas contain added flavor – specifically “ artificial flavoring. ” If their tea is so high end , why would they be adding ingredients produced by fractional distillation and chemical manipulation of various chemicals like crude oil or coal tar ? Coal tar in my tea ? No , thanks .
Many popular tea brands get away with using the ingredient “ natural flavors ” to trick the consumer into thinking they are buying better , cleaner ingredients ; however companies are just covering up the inferior taste and low quality of their tea . Fortunately , there are brands that are putting the kibash on the use of natural flavors and using all real ingredients . I was happy to learn that Ahmed Rahim , CEO of Numi Tea is just as disgusted by this ingredient as I am . They said to me “ You can break down anything that is found in nature and if it ends up tasting like the flavor you wish to use – you can add it to any product and call it NATURAL FLAVOR on the ingredient label . It could come from a stone in the ground and you 'd never know. ” This is why when I see the words “ natural flavor ” listed on a label – I put the product down and run far far away . I want to know what I am eating ! Do n't you ?
Additionally , the added risk of consuming possible GMOs is not something many people think about when consuming teas . Before this investigation and witnessing tea companies using modified corn starch and soy lecithin in tea ( additives likely made from genetically engineered corn and soy ) , I did n't think about it either ! I ca n't imagine having a serious soy allergy , considering all the places companies try to hide it .
Why The Tea Bag & Packaging Matters
A recent article in The Atlantic discusses the “ silky sachet ” and “ luxurious mesh bags ” that hold loose leaf teas ( like in brands Tea Forte and Mighty Leaf ) . Turns out , these modern day bags meant to showcase the tea leaves , are made of plastic .
PLA ( polylactic acid ) is a ( likely GMO ) corn-based tea bag material that has attracted major tea companies due to its nice look and its claims of biodegradability . Terms like “ silky sachets ” and “ corn-based biodegradable tea bags ” mislead customers into believing a product is more natural and sustainable than it really is . While the processing for PLA removes all traces of genetic material , it is still made with genetically modified corn . Although the actual tea bag is not an ingredient like teas and herbs , it is an element that is put into boiling water .
According to The Atlantic , tea bags are most commonly made from food grade nylon or polyethylene terephthalate ( PET ) which are two of what 's considered the safest plastics on the scale of harmful leaching potential . However , Dr. Mercola disagrees , they state :
“ While these plastics are generally considered among the safest in terms of leaching potential , the molecules in these plastic tea bags may still in fact break down and leach out when steeped in boiling water… ” Well , is n't that how tea is prepared ?
Another temperature consumers need to worry about in tea is the “ glass transition ” temperature . Here 's the science behind the glass transition temperature or , Tg , and why it becomes dangerous according to The Atlantic :
“ That is the temperature at which the molecule in certain materials such as polymers begin to break down . As a rule , the Tg of a material is always lower than the melting point . In the case of PET and food grade nylon ( either nylon 6 or nylon 6-6 ) , all have a Tg lower than the temperature of boiling water . For example , while the melting point of PET is 482 degrees Fahrenheit , the Tg is about 169 degrees . Both nylons have a lower glass transition temperature than PET . ( Remember that water boils at 212 degrees . ) This means the molecules that make up these plastic tea bags begin to break down in hot water . ”
So , while the plastic itself wo n't melt in your tea , the glass transition temperature could potentially leak out harmful phthalates if there are such things in your tea . Another thing to worry about is that some of the newer tea bags are made with a variety of plastics . Some plastics are nylon , some are made of viscose rayon , and others are made of thermoplastic , PVC or polypropylene .
Beware of paper tea bags too , which can be worse than plastic tea bags .
GET THIS : Also according to Dr. Mercola , many “ paper tea bags are treated with epichlorohydrin , a compound mainly used in the production of epoxy resins . Considered a potential carcinogen by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health2 ( NIOSH ) , epichlorohydrin is also used as a pesticide . When epichlorohydrin comes in contact with water , it hydrolyzes to 3-MCPD , which has been shown to cause cancer in animals . It has also been implicated in infertility ( it has a spermatoxic effect in male rats ) and suppressed immune function . ”
So what do you do the next time you want a cup of tea ? Antioxidant rich teas are n't going to do much to counterbalance the chemicals , additives and artificial flavorings in today 's modern teas .
First , I recommend looking at this chart below to see how your favorite tea brand stacks up :
And then when brewing and picking out the safest tea remember these tips :
1 . Choose an organic & non-GMO certified brand of tea . ( My favorites are Numi , Traditional Medicinals , and Rishi Tea ( loose leaf ) ) . 2 . Check the ingredient list on the back of the tea package to make sure there are no added flavors , GMO ingredients like soy lecithin and corn starch added to the tea leaves . 3 . Make sure the brand you buy uses a safe form of packaging material or buy loose leaf tea and use a stainless steel or glass tea strainer . Have the company verify that bags do not contain epichlorophydrin , and avoid plastic tea bags all together . ( Numi and Traditional Medicinals are some of the only brands I trust in this category because they have publicly stated they do not use this harmful ingredient or GMO packaging and are Non-GMO Project verified . )
4 . The majority of restaurants use some of the most pesticide ridden tea and brands that have harmful packaging like Celestial Seasonings , Lipton , etc . Do n't fall victim to this . Bring your own tea when eating out or going to restaurants and ask for pot or cup of boiling water ( remember to leave a good tip if you do this ) . I even do this at Starbucks because I like to vote with my dollars and not buy tea brands that are harmful . If you drink iced tea , brew your own at home and carry an insulated water bottle with you . 5 . Remember these temps and times for brewing the perfect cup of tea
If you know someone who loves to drink tea , please share this post with them . I was just as shocked as you probably are about all of this craziness – knowing what 's in our tea and what we put in our body matters ! Let 's change the world together .
Xo ,
Vani
Big Bang 's Seungri files a 50 million won lawsuit against Reporter ' K ' for slander and defamation . YG Employee ' A ' also files a similar case for 30 million won against ' K ' .
files a 50 million won lawsuit against for slander and defamation . YG Employee also files a similar case for 30 million won against . Seungri 's side states that while the police had already made a conclusion that it was speeding , Reporter K continuously aroused suspicion of drunk-driving through news articles and their own SNS .
NewsIs via Naver1 . [ +230 , -33 ] Good job . With this opportunity , take out all of the trash reporters while you 're at it . Losers~ cowards~2 . [ +217 , -30 ] Kim Yong Ho seriously deserves to be punished . Kim Yong Ho treats YG like shit geez even though YG is shitty at timesㅠ3 . [ +197 , -17 ] Kim Yong Ho you 're cornered~~ ㅋㅋㅋ See~ why 'd you go and piss them off ? 4 . [ +185 , -12 ] ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Kim YH . I 've been wondering if they were ever going to get punished and now he 's caught.5 . [ +149 , -12 ] Kim Yong Ho got caught6 . [ +75 , -3 ] They write trashy articles using phrases like `` smell of drugs coming from YG again '' in the title and the content is n't based on facts but from word of mouth and rumours ... Sports World who gives a salary to that kind of `` journalist '' makes them a bunch of trash themselves7 . [ +80 , -8 ] To be honest there 's no solution to Kim Yong Ho .. 8 . [ +69 , -4 ] It 's a waste to even call Kim Yong Ho a `` journalist '' . Their malicious intent surpasses antis that leave negative comments9 . [ +63 , -3 ] Good job Seungri . Other people should ride this opportunity and sue them too ... it was n't just one or two people that they victimized
So HackerNews is currently down . It happens , we 'll probably find out why when it returns .
For a while yesterday , all HN URLs were returning error messages from CloudFlare , apparently their CDN . But today , all HN URLs are returning an apparently intentional outage message , “ Sorry for the downtime . We hope to be back soon . ”
But they are returning an HTTP 200 “ OK ” status code with this message . From all URLs .
This seems like a big mistake . You are telling any interested software ( such as , say , Google ) , “ All is well , and this is the proper content for the URL you requested. ” For every single URL . Google might index this content . Google might decide that since there are a bazillion URL at your hostname that all have the same content , relevancy/pagerank decisions should be made based on this ( probably harming your visibility ; why would a big website with a million URLs all of which say “ Sorry for the downtime . We hope to be back soon ” be given good visibility by a search engine ) . Etc .
I do n't know if Google in particular really does this ; perhaps Google is smart enough to deal with improper 200 's for error pages , somehow using heuristics to guess that it 's really a temporary error that should be ignored . Not sure how that would work , but Google is often clever , I dunno .
But it 's still a bad idea . Do n't return 200 's for error pages . Use an appropriate response code for temporary outages . Google itself seems to suggest using 503 Service Temporarily Unavailable , which makes a lot of sense . If you ca n't do this for some reason , perhaps you could use a 307 Temporary Redirect to an outage message — you 're saying it 's a ‘ temporary ' redirect which should n't be considered long-term content by indexers and such . ( A 301 Permanent Redirect , or a 404 Not Found , seems just as bad as a 200 ) .
In HackerNews 's case , it may actually be CloudFlare returning the 200 , through misconfiguration or poorly thought out feature from CloudFlare . Either way , it seems like a bad idea .
Use HTTP response codes responsibly , and software agents consuming your web page will be happier ! And there are some software agents ( like Google ) , you really want to keep happy .
Actually , now that I look at those headers — those cache control headers seem unwise too . Am I wrong , or is the response telling agents they can cache the “ Sorry for the downtime ” message for 10 years ? That does n't seem wise either , does it ?
$ curl -i https : //news.ycombinator.com HTTP/1.1 200 OK Server : cloudflare-nginx Date : Mon , 06 Jan 2014 15:22:04 GMT Content-Type : text/html Transfer-Encoding : chunked Connection : keep-alive Set-Cookie : __cfduid= [ ommitted ] ; expires=Mon , 23-Dec-2019 23:50:00 GMT ; path=/ ; domain=.ycombinator.com ; HttpOnly Last-Modified : Mon , 06 Jan 2014 13:14:48 GMT Vary : Accept-Encoding Expires : Thu , 04 Jan 2024 13:14:48 GMT Cache-Control : max-age=315352364 Cache-Control : public CF-RAY : [ omitted ] < html > < head > < link rel= '' stylesheet '' type= '' text/css '' href= '' /news.css '' > < link rel= '' shortcut icon '' href= '' /favicon.ico '' > < title > Hacker News < /title > < /head > < body > < center > < table border= '' 0 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 85 % '' bgcolor= '' # f6f6ef '' > < tr > < td bgcolor= '' # ff6600 '' > < table border= '' 0 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 100 % '' style= '' padding:2px '' > < tr > < td style= '' width:18px ; padding-right:4px '' > < a href= '' http : //ycombinator.com '' > < img src= '' /y18.gif '' width= '' 18 '' height= '' 18 '' style= '' border:1px # ffffff solid ; '' / > < /a > < /td > < td style= '' line-height:12pt ; height:10px ; '' > < span class= '' pagetop '' > < b > < a href= '' /news '' > Hacker News < /a > < /b > < /span > < /td > < /tr > < /table > < /td > < /tr > < tr style= '' height:10px '' > < /tr > < tr > < td > Sorry for the downtime . We hope to be back soon . < /td > < /tr > < tr > < td > < img src= '' s.gif '' height= '' 10 '' width= '' 0 '' / > < table width= '' 100 % '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' cellpadding= '' 1 '' > < tr > < td bgcolor= '' # ff6600 '' > < /td > < /tr > < /table > < br / > < /td > < /tr > < /table > < /center > < /body > < /html >
In the pre-modern era , there was no distinction between sciences and the arts . They were intertwined enterprises . In their famous 1959 Rede lecture at Cambridge University CP Snow lamented the fact that , as a result of increasing specialisation , they now occupied entirely different spheres .
This set off a debate that has been raging ever since . But in recent years it 's taken some odd twists . Science , even among the most literary and philosophical of public intellectuals , has taken ascendancy over the arts as the more dominant discipline . And Snow 's two cultures have been replaced by a new dichotomy – between science and religion . Meanwhile the humanities , floundering somewhere in between , are in danger of being lost in the maelstrom .
In that first , ground-breaking lecture , Snow condemned scientists for their “ self impoverishment ” which resulted from their dismissal of the literary and artistic culture , and then denounced members of the literati for being Luddite in their attitude to science . Their argument was ostensibly a plea for intellectual unity and educational reform . At times , however , their complaint about the two-cultures-divide became particularly a complaint about the lack of public understanding of science .
They wrote : “ A good many times I have been present at gatherings of people who , by the standards of the traditional culture , are thought highly educated and who have with considerable gusto been expressing their incredulity at the illiteracy of scientists . Once or twice I have been provoked and have asked the company how many of them could describe the Second Law of Thermodynamics . The response was cold : it was also negative . Yet I was asking something which is the scientific equivalent of : Have you read a work of Shakespeare 's ? ”
Although the response to Snow 's lecture was mostly positive , this asymmetry in their argument prompted the literary critic FR Leavis to label Snow a “ public relations man ” for the scientific establishment , and the row between them continued for a decade .
The argument between Snow and Leavis was just one strand in the extensive debate over the “ two cultures ” thesis which followed Snow 's lecture . Was the divide being bridged , or was it getting ever wider ? Were the arts or the sciences more dominant in wider society ? Eventually the debate erupted into open warfare .
In 1975 , the biologist EO Wilson published Sociobiology : The Synthesis , which introduced neo-Darwinian theories of human behaviour to a general readership . Inspired by this landmark study , the biologist Richard Dawkins , the linguist Stephen Pinker and the philosopher Daniel Dennett launched a series of incursions into the humanities , in books such as The Selfish Gene ( 1976 ) , The Language Instinct ( 1994 ) and Darwin 's Dangerous Idea ( 1995 ) . They claimed that our genes and the instincts of our hunter-gatherer ancestors could explain diverse aspects of human behaviour , from our choice of partner to our ability to appreciate classical music .
Upbringing , class , education , culture and taste – all these influences were considered secondary to the biological template we had inherited . “ We are survival machines , ” wrote Dawkins , “ robot vehicles blindly programmed to preserve the selfish molecules known as genes. ” And according to Dennett , “ A scholar is just a library 's way of making another library. ” With the rise of cognitive neuroscience , the hard-wiring of our brains was now offered alongside genes as a predetermining influence on our lives . But the arguments were the same : the privileging of nature over nurture .
The humanities launched a counter-insurgency . Sociologists , psychoanalysts and literary critics argued that it was our environment , rather than our genetic or neurological hardware , that made us who we were . These critics accused the sociobiologists of relying on shaky empiricism and circular “ Just So ” causality , and they called attention to the atavistic and retrograde character of many of the sociobiologists ' claims ; most notoriously the notion that men are predisposed to rape women . They were helped along by Richard Lewontin and Steven Jay Gould , two biologists who opposed the essentialism of evolutionary psychology ; Lewontin wrote a series of essays for the New York Review of Books during the '80s and '90s which were published in 2000 under the title It Ai n't Necessarily So : The Dream of the Human Genome and Other Illusions .
Other critics accused the evolutionary psychologists of concealing a tendentious political agenda beneath what were presented as objective empirical observations . After all , they argued , science 's claim to unmediated enquiry was compromised by the fact that scientists were , like everyone else , working with the grubby tools of language and culture . “ Science studies ” developed as an interdisciplinary field that situated scientific research in the context of history and society . At the same time , cultural studies and critical theory advocates began enthusiastically and – in their scientific critics ' eyes indiscriminately – to draw upon the languages of particle physics and cybernetics . Sadie Plant founded the Cybernetic Culture Research Unit at the University of Warwick and Donna Haraway wrote their “ Cyborg Manifesto ” . Many scientists regarded all this as uninformed and modish appropriation .
This particular phase of the science–humanities debates became known as the Science Wars , which reached a climax in 1996 when Alan Sokal , an American physicist , fabricated an article out of postmodernist pastiche and successfully submitted it for publication in the journal Social Text . For Sokal and their supporters , this stunt represented a resounding victory for real science .
The science–humanities debates were dogged at times by mutual misunderstandings and Punch-and-Judy stereotypes , but at their height they brilliantly illustrated the competing merits of the two conceptual approaches . But science 's aggressive inroads into the humanities took their toll . Lewis Wolpert , Jared Diamond and others claimed not only that science rivalled the humanities , but that it could do away with the humanities altogether . “ Art works because it appeals to certain faculties of the mind , ” wrote Pinker in their essay “ A Biological Understanding of Human Nature ” . “ Music depends on details of the auditory system , painting and sculpture on the visual system . Poetry and literature depend on language. ” The humanities receded from battle , cowed by the reductive power of scientific fundamentalism , embarrassed by the now unfashionable discursiveness of literary and sociological theory , and paralysed by a quandary over the question of where value in humanities research actually resides .
In short , science won ; and as a consequence , the science–humanities debates have all but disappeared in recent years . The general public may be woefully ignorant of actual science , but a quasi-scientific mindset has taken hold in the media and public debate . In January , a team of evolutionary psychologists from the University of Missouri published research claiming that Victorian novels , with their emphasis on morality , duty and community , helped to spread altruistic genes throughout 19th-century society . Their findings were reported without scepticism in the British press .
Scientists regularly bemoan the absence of their colleagues on cultural television programmes , but their sense of being left out of the public conversation blinds them to the ubiquitous presence of a new scientism which dictates that every piece of scientific research is uncritically accepted as truth .
It is the public 's craving for truth , amidst crumbling traditions and certainties , that also accounts for the current resurgence of religion . Science , humanities and religion are all rival approaches to explaining the world . But having triumphed over the humanities , and with religion on the rise , science has trained its sights on religion as its new enemy .
This transition is particularly easy to make since many scientists lump the humanities and religion together as wishy-washy in their minds . But science 's war on religion is futile . Science has not only attacked religion ; it has forced it , as it did the humanities , to adopt its own terms . As books such as God : The Failed Hypothesis by the physicist Victor Stenger and Dennett 's Breaking the Spell : Religion as a Natural Phenomenon illustrate , science opposes religion on the basis of fact and evidence . The pseudo-scientific Intelligent Design argument is one consequence of this , and the insertion of the word “ probably ” into the atheist bus advertisements is another . But neither side is able either to prove its own case or to disprove the other 's , and certainly not in a manner that their opponent would be prepared to concede .
As the large number of religious scientists and science teachers illustrates , the opposition is a false dichotomy . Science and religion are simply different languages , discourses , genres : a case of apples and pears . Religion is about belief , and science is about testing hypotheses . Science does n't have the conceptual language to deconstruct religion , just as religion does n't have the methodological tools to criticise science . The inability of either side to win the argument is the reason why it rages tediously on .
The most effective opponent of religion is not science but the humanities . The humanities can help us move beyond the current redundant debate , because they understand concepts of language , discourse and genre , and are able to compare the two opposing enterprises philosophically . They have the analytical wherewithal to account for the growth of biblical literalism and scientific fundamentalism . The humanities are powerful allies of secularism , with their ability to critique the rise of religion historically , politically and culturally .
The fact that research in the sociology of religion has revealed significant variations in religious belief according to gender , race and socio-economic status shows that understanding why particular groups of people are more inclined towards religion than others is a far more potent way of deconstructing adherence to faith than simply telling everyone that God does n't exist . We need to recall why we valued the humanities in the first place and to renew our commitment to their incisive , sophisticated and subtle approach .
The old-fashioned literary critics of CP Snow 's time had a tendency to believe that the point of the humanities was to mine the arts – in particular canonical literature – for material with which to make sonorous and ultimately banal pronouncements on “ the human condition ” . But the humanities have undergone a revolution since the 1950s . Literary criticism , critical theory , sociology and cultural studies have evolved into rigorous and systematic tools of enquiry .
The humanities have since Classical times denoted a broad field of study including language , literature and history . That field is now extraordinarily rich . History employs a range of historiographical approaches to distinguishing the ways in which we are and are not products of the past . Sociology and cultural studies not only describe but also account for the ways we organise and perceive the world . Literary criticism teaches us how to read advertisments and political speeches alongside fiction and poetry .
Psychoanalysis reminds us that despite the attractively straightforward insights of Darwinism , we are still in the grip of self-delusion . Some of the more technical branches of critical theory may merit a measure of Sokal 's satire . But it is lamentable that scientists routinely take no account of these developments , entitling themselves to a vision of the humanities that is stuck in the 1950s , and believing that joining a book group or attending the theatre is essentially all that 's involved : that “ doing the humanities ” is , in other words , a matter of pleasure and appreciation .
With scientists failing to halt the rise of blind faith and unreason we need to employ the critical and analytical approaches which the humanities provide , because where religion is concerned , the empirical method is not yielding results .
This piece is from the March/April 2009 issue of New Humanist . subscribe
DALLAS ( CBSDFW.COM ) — Despite clear skies Sunday , street level flooding was still a severe problem in Dallas . A whopping 70 swift-water rescues were conducted by the Dallas Police Department over the weekend . Reverse 9-1-1 calls made to warn residents of flash floods Sunday afternoon ; police said calls may still go out overnight . Meanwhile , crews have been working around the clock to open at least part of the Loop 12 roadway by Monday . Additionally , authorities are on location Sunday night working to keep drivers away from the flooded Northwest Highway / Stemmons Freeway ( I-35 E ) .
So , why did Dallas see flooding on a sunny day ?
The Trinity River can actually handle these flood waters — what can not is the Elm Fork of the Trinity . That , according to the Dallas Police Department , is the reason why parts of the city are flooding . Areas are experiencing an uncontrolled spill . In layperson 's terms , an uncontrolled spill is when water surpasses flood marks and spills over a dam levy . Water overflowing into Dallas streets is from Lake Ray Roberts , Grapevine Lake , and Lake Lewisville . That water is in return overflowing the Elm Fork — otherwise known as the streams of the river — which , unlike the Trinity River itself , does not have the capacity to contain the onslaught .
Extra DPD officers out in NW Dallas making sure drivers stay off of flooded roadways . # txflood pic.twitter.com/HScGwGTFnL — Brian New ( @ BrianNewCBS ) June 1 , 2015
Watch the Dallas Police Department 's press conference bottom-lining flood details Sunday night :
OLDER DEVELOPMENTS :
6:44pm : City of Dallas to update the Trinity River flooding at 7:30pm . CBS 11 is hearing that the morning commute could be impacted .
6:35pm : W Northwest Hwy still blocked off from Stemmons Freeway to Luna , due to Trinity River flooding .
5:00pm : Some residents east of Combine may have to leave their homes tonight ; flash flood warning in effect .
DENTON COUNTY ( CBSDFW.COM ) — Lake Lewisville passed its 100 year flood mark early Sunday . It now stands at a whopping 537 feet — and waters only continue to rise , already impacting parts of Dallas .
According to the Office of Emergency Management , the lake is in an uncontrolled spill .
The city of Dallas Sunday afternoon closed streets in the Northwest Highway / Stemmons Freeway ( I-35 E ) area due to street flooding .
The City of Dallas urges motorists not to drive into water on roadways , and to not drive around barricaded roadways . — City of Dallas ( @ 1500Marilla ) May 31 , 2015
A reverse 9-1-1 call flood warning was sent to residents located between Royal Lane and California Crossing , west of I-35 .
Hard to avoid the water hazard at the Luna Vista Golf Course ( Dallas , TX ) today . # txflood pic.twitter.com/e3SrwdX64E — Brian New ( @ BrianNewCBS ) May 31 , 2015
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers says the Trinity River in downtown Dallas needs to drop below flood stage before it considers re-opening Lake Lewisville 's flood gates sending more water downstream .
No residential homes are in the warning area . Businesses and drivers have been asked to avoid area . # txflood pic.twitter.com/W6VqhsDq1Q — Brian New ( @ BrianNewCBS ) May 31 , 2015
Meanwhile , Wag Time rescue shelter in Dallas is asking for volunteers to temporary house dogs after it was forced to evacuate due to flooding…
( ©2015 CBS Local Media , a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . )
fnatic have announced that they have completed the signing of Jonas `` Lekr0 '' Olofsson from GODSENT with immediate effect .
The 24-year-old moves to fnatic as part of a trade deal that sees Dennis `` dennis '' Edman moves in the opposite direction .
They become the second addition to fnatic 's roster of the Summer , following in the footsteps of Maikil `` Golden '' Selim , who was promoted from the organisation 's academy team .
Lekr0 rejoins fnatic
This is Jonas `` Lekr0 '' Olofsson 's second stint with fnatic , having previously represented the organisation for two months , between August and October of 2016 .
dennis had been on fnatic 's books since November 2015 , when they were signed from G2 for an undisclosed fee . After their arrival , the team enjoyed immediate success , winning six international events in just five months , but then they went through a rough patch of form that resulted in a trophyless 15-month period .
`` Dennis joined our team in late 2015 and their addition immediately kicked off one of team 's most successful eras in CS : GO , winning FACEIT , EPL , SLTV and IEM in just a few months , '' fnatic Chief Gaming Officer Patrik `` cArn '' Sättermon said in a statement . `` We are so thankful for the time we 've been working together , and I want to wish them a big GLHF at their future endeavours in gaming and life . `` Filling Dennis ' position in the team is none other than Lekr0 , a player we grew very fond of last year , and also a player we believe has massive potential that we hope to unlock in this new iteration of Fnatic CS : GO . `` From all of us at Fnatic I would like to once again thank Dennis and celebrate their amazing run with us . Also please join us once again welcoming Lekr0 back to our organisation ! ''
fnatic will make their first offline appearance with the new roster at DreamHack Masters Malmö , which will take place from August 30 to September 3 . The team 's first match in the ESL Pro League will see them take on BIG on Tuesday .
With these changes , fnatic now have :
How does a new craft brewer stand apart from the pack ? A few have hitched their brewery onto the local food bandwagon , sourcing the ingredients that form beer 's DNA straight from the fields around them .
Last year , more than 400 breweries opened nationwide . It should n't surprise that the craft beer industry is growing at a tremendous rate . In some states , like Colorado , there are so many craft breweries they 're starting to blend together .
Kyle Carbaugh 's Wiley Brewing Company is half-finished . Right now it 's just bare floors , a framed bar , and four industrial size brew tanks in a former cinderblock factory in Greeley , Colo . The area is already home to numerous microbreweries – familiar names like New Belgium Brewing and Odell Brewing in nearby Fort Collins . So Carbaugh says it became very clear that they needed to be different .
“ At the end of the day , beer is an agricultural commodity through and through , ” said Carbaugh . “ There 's a huge thing going on with the local food movement and farmer 's markets and ‘ know your farmer , ' that kind of thing . And the question came up to us , why is n't anybody doing this ? ”
To answer Carbaugh 's question , breweries in the Pacific Northwest have perfected the art of a “ farm to glass ” beer . Few have sprouted elsewhere though . In southern Colorado farm country , the idea is starting to take root .
Water , malt , hops , and yeast are the basic ingredients of beer . While breweries focus on the art of brewing , Jason Cody is perfecting the art of craft malt . Since 2008 Cody 's Colorado Malting Company has been malting barley and wheat from their own fields . They work with specialty grains too , like millet and quinoa . They then sells bags of malt to craft brewers throughout Colorado , like Kyle Carbaugh .
And business is booming .
“ The first full year we were in business we sold 20,000 pounds inside the state of Colorado , ” said Cody . “ And our projection for this year , which we 're right on target with , is about half a million . ”
Even half a million pounds is n't enough to satisfy brewery owners who want to create and sell a hyper local beer .
“ There are only so many guys you can take care of . With brewers it 's repeat business , ” said Cody . “ So they brew a beer and then when it 's time to brew again they need more malt so they 've got to come back and buy more malt . But then it 's hard to pick up new guys sometimes when you 're in that position , because what do you do ? ”
It 's also tough to keep with the demand for locally grown hops . Three states , Washington , Oregon and Idaho , produce more than 90 percent of the nation 's crop . The amount of hops grown in other parts of the country is n't even tracked . Growth in hops production has been slow in Colorado , a state where the craft brewing industry is accelerating quickly .
Zach Weakland and their father saw an opening to set themselves apart . They took their supply into their own hands when they started High Hops Brewery in Windsor , Colo. A two-acre hops farm sits adjacent to the brewery 's tasting room . They compare the set up to a winery , where you enjoy a glass of wine while looking out onto the vineyards . Only replace grapevines with hops .
`` You come here for the experience on top of the good beer , '' Weakland said . `` How many other places can you sit out the patio and look out on the hops and see where your beer comes from ? ''
Steve Kurowski with the Colorado Brewers Guild says craft malting and small hops farms are just starting to take off , allowing breweries to source locally .
“ There 's just so much beer being brewed now , and the movement to supply local hops and local grain is just getting started , ” said Kurowski . That supply has n't caught up with the demand yet .
Kyle Carbaugh is still trying to navigate where their supplies will come from for their unfinished brewery in Greeley . Their malt will be Colorado grown , but their hops will come from Washington . Eventually they hope to pour a completely Colorado grown glass of beer .
“ It 's really all about telling a story , right ? , ” said Carbaugh . “ Through a product or through materials . ”
Until their brewery opens up , it 's a story Carbaugh will still be writing .
Harvest Public Media , based at KCUR , is a collaborative public media project that reports on important agriculture issues in the Midwest . To learn more , visit harvestpublicmedia.org , like Harvest Public Media on Facebook or follow @ HarvestPM on Twitter .
In 2013 , I became the director of an unusual gender center . This is its story .
September 18 , 2014
My Girl w/ Pen column is called “ GenderLab ” or watch what happens when you run one of the most unusual gender centers in the country . That sounds hyperbolic . I know because I ca n't believe I 'm living it . As we are about to finish year one today , I 've come up for enough air to document this experiment . And this year I 'm going to be writing about it .
The heart of our center is a story of father/daughter love . You heard that right . Not an abstract story about rights and politics–though we know from Women 's Studies that those things are also personal . But ours starts with the personal . This is a story of love across difference . Of grief and transformation . Of a father who listened to their daughter and a daughter who stayed in dialogue with their father .
Cassandra Voss , for whom the center is named , was my student . They were effervescent . Let me give an example . When I first met them in 2004 , I was two years into being an assistant professor . In class I was talking about the film Iron Jawed Angels , which is about Alice Paul and the suffragettes who secure the women 's vote in 1920 . In the film , Alice Paul is played with pluck and determination by Hilary Swank ; they wear their hair in long braids on occasion . After class , a young woman , Cassadra Voss , ran up to me and said , “ Look , I wear my hair like Alice Paul . Ever since I saw the film , I love to wear my hair in braids like her. ” I thought who is this luminous , geeky creature in front of me who does feminist cosplay ? I loved them from the start .
Cassandra set out to be the first-ever major in Women 's and Gender Studies at our school . We started a minor in 2005 ( notably late in higher ed ) , but they would n't settle for that . They were also determined to put on the first production of the Vagina Monologues . And they insisted on hiring the first man in the Women 's Center . So they are n't so different from Alice Paul afterall . The thing that 's harder to capture about them is that they were one of the most hopeful , ebullient people I 've met in my life . And that combination of bravery and delight was intoxicating . They were the kind of student who always bounded into my office and plopped on my couch . There was nothing small or half-hearted about them
You see I 've been in Women 's Studies a long time . Since I was 19–the same age Cassandra was when they first took Introduction to Women 's Studies . At their age , I was equally passionate about gender and social justice , but I was not nearly as loving . Early I had to manage so much anger about deep inequality and oppression ; I did n't know what to do with it . Cassandra managed to keep believing in people and “ their better angels ” which often made me feel a bit sheepish in their presence . They recentered my politics in love . And one of the ways they did that was how they talked about their dad .
I 'll never forget when Cassandra said to me , “ My dad is coming to hear our panel on The Women 's Room and he 's conservative and I want you to meet him. ” I had taken Cassandra and a handful of students to present their work on that interesting , rarely taught early classic , The Women 's Room by Marilyn French . Now they were presenting it again at our undergraduate research day . I walked in the room and spotted them immediately . They had the starchiest shirt in the room . On a campus that is uber midwest-casual , Kurt Voss was pressed and tucked . And like their daughter , game for anything . Which is why the Fox-news watching , deeply religious CEO was in the front row taking notes about second-wave feminism . Some of Cassandra 's friends snickered at their questions which were uninformed , understandably , and real . Real questions , ones they needed to answer to not cocoon themselves in their private ideologies . That day in the spring of 2006 , I had no idea that a little over a year later , Kurt and I would begin a friendship after Cassandra 's death that would last six years .
Cassandra died unexpectedly in 2007 . Sometimes I still dream about them Only now when I wake up , I go to work and see their face every day in the building their father built for them Some days I talk to them Some days , I stare at the floor because I ca n't look at them face . It 's just too much . I make my coffee and get to work . But there are moments , like their birthday coming up where I remember one of the three life-long goals they wrote on their then “ Myspace ” page in 2007 : my goal is to make my dad a hard-core feminist .
They got them wish .
Stay tuned for how that dad built a multi-million dollar gender center .
Follow us at : www.snc.edu/cvc Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/snc.cvc
Researchers discovered three Android apps using two different miners .
Mining cryptocurrency is all the rage right now . We talked about what mining cryptocurrency means a few weeks ago , and now it 's back in the news .
For those of you who did n't read our last piece , or who do n't already have an idea , mining cryptocurrency involves putting in the requisite work to solve a block in the blockchain and receive the reward . There 's a lot to unpack there . Blockchain is the backbone of cryptocurrency . It 's essentially a running cryptographic ledger that tracks all of the cryptocurrency 's movement . As transactions are added to the ledger , there are miners that are using their computing power to find a value that will close off that block and start a new one . When a block is closed , the miners receive a reward in the form of cryptocurrency .
However , when I say computing power I do n't mean you can set up your laptop and start providing proof of work . It takes massive amounts of computing power . When done in a legitimate sense , people tend to group their computing power together and split the pot .
When done illegitimately , hackers spread malware to take over peoples ' computers and then siphon off part of their computing power to help solve the block .
Mining Using Android Phones
Researchers from Trend Micro recently discovered three Android apps with mining malware included . Two of them : Recitiamo Santo Rosario Free and SafetyNet Wireless use an in-browser Monero miner called “ Coinhive. ” The other : Car Wallpaper HD , includes a malicious version of cpuminer .
Coinhive has responded by releasing a new version of its mining software that runs scripts from a domain that requires computers to register themselves . Unfortunately , older versions of the malware are still supported .
Google has already removed the apps from its Play Store .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- When the White House first got wind of the executive bonuses at American International Group , the disbelief was palpable .
Gloria Borger : The White House does n't need a new wave of anger as it readies its long-awaited plan for the banks .
`` You smack your head and you say 'You 've got ta be kidding me , ' `` senior presidential adviser David Axelrod tells me . `` It put another brick on the load we 're carrying . ''
Or a concrete block .
Just as the White House readies its long-awaited plan to bail out the banks -- having presented its plans for housing and small business -- a new wave of anger is precisely what it does n't need . And to make matters worse , it 's a widespread anger that is not grounded in the more ordinary resentments between economic classes .
In fact , this new populism is almost unanimous : The banks were greedy and reckless . They took us down with them . So why do the bad guys deserve a government cushion ?
President Obama now has their economic team on the hunt for a way to scale back those egregious bonuses . But the president 's problem goes beyond that : They have to make a convincing case for bailing out the bad guys . They have to take the long view -- explaining why it would hurt us to allow the banks to fail .
`` People would call it a bailout ; I would call it a ransom , '' the American Enterprise Institute 's Vincent Reinhart told CNN . `` Because Wall Street is holding the great economy hostage . As long as the financial institutions need funds , they wo n't make loans ... so what we have to do is pay them to get beyond this . ''
But it may not be enough to say , `` If we do n't do this , we will face an economic Armageddon . '' Why ?
`` The model in people 's heads right now is extortion , '' Robert Reich , President Clinton 's former labor secretary , tells me . `` In order to reduce that anxiety and paranoia , the president has to assure the public that the benefit is not going to the bankers . '' -- that , in the end , it 's going to benefit us .
But , given the AIG bonuses , the public might well ask : `` Why should we believe you ? You lectured Wall Street before the first bailout -- and you told us you were going to hold them accountable . ''
Reich says , `` It makes them [ the administration ] look clueless . So not only does the administration have to explain exactly why this money is necessary , but also explain what is in place to keep the banks from doing this again . ''
If that does n't happen , the cynicism , skepticism , outrage and anger toward the banks will remain -- and could potentially transfer to the White House itself .
In a new CNN /Opinion Research Corp. poll , Obama remains very popular ( 64 percent approval rating ) , but most of the public said it disapproves of how they are handling the banks ( by 52 percent to 47 percent ) . iReport.com : 'Who runs U.S. : AIG or Obama ? '
`` At some tipping point in the future , '' warns Reich , `` the administration could be seen as part of the problem . ''
That 's the last thing the White House wants -- or needs . `` We need the financial community to understand that the days of Gordon Gekko are over , '' presidential adviser Axelrod says , referring to Michael Douglas ' greedy tycoon in the 1987 movie `` Wall Street . ''
How ? `` We need transparency and accountability and regulatory reform . ... And we have always said that . It 's frustrating to be in this position . ''
You bet it is . Particularly as the world literally awaits the banking bailout . And if Obama needs to go to Congress again for more money , they need to have a track record . iReport.com : Share your AIG reaction
`` We have to establish a level of credibility on this issue , '' Axelrod says . `` People are outraged , and they have a reason to be . ''
Sure , the president needs to feel our pain and anxiety . The trick is to avoid becoming a new outlet for it .
All About Barack Obama • American International Group Inc. • Robert Reich
ADCC Submission Fighting World Championship 2015
Date :
28-29-30th of August 2015
Location :
GINASIO MAURO PINHEIRO
Rua Abílio Soares , 1300 , Paraíso
São Paulo – SP , CEP : 04005-00 – BRAZIL
Hotel Reservation :
PESTANA São Paulo
Rua Tutóia , 77 ,
04007-000 ,
São Paulo
+ ( 55 ) 1130595000
+ ( 55 ) 1130595193
[ email protected ]
http : //www.pestana.com/br/hotel/pestana-sao-paulo
18 mindrive from Congonhas Airport / 40-min drive from the International Airport of São Paulo
( Where fighters will be staying )
Tickets Online :
www.adccbrasil.com.br
Price of tickets till 31st of July are R $ 50.00 for two day event ( Sat / Sun ) in normal seating areas and R $ 120.00 in the VIP area .
From the 1st of August prices will be R $ 80.00 for two day event ( Sat/Sun ) in normal seating area and R $ 200.00 for two day event in VIP area .
Rules :
https : //adcombat.com/adcc-rules-and-regulations
For More Information Please Contact Us At : [ email protected ]
http : //www.adccbrasil.com.br
Organized by : ADCC Brazil
new hampshire beer Evan Cote and Heather Roberge are the co-owners of Barb 's Beer Emporium in Londonderry , NH . ( Photo by Bernice Corpuz )
LONDONDERRY , N.H. ( CBS ) – The state of New Hampshire has a special distinction that it may not want .
WBZ NewsRadio 1030 's Bernice Corpuz reports
https : //cbsboston.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/corpuz-nh-beer-sales-w1.mp3
New research from the Washington lobbying group The Beer Institute claims New Hampshire sold 43 gallons of beer for every person of legal drinking age last year .
That 's far beyond the national average of 28-gallons per person .
And this is nothing new .
The institute says New Hampshire has had the nation 's highest per capita sales rate in four of the last five years .
It 's likely pushed higher by tourists and people from Massachusetts crossing the border to buy beer .
Evan Cote and Heather Roberge , the co-owners of Barb 's Beer Emporium in Londonderry say many of their customers come from out of state .
“ Especially in the warmer months for hiking , biking , camping , that sort of thing , ” Cote told WBZ NewsRadio 1030 .
“ There 's no tax on beer and no bottle deposit , which there is in Massachusetts , so that 's very attractive to people that come to New Hampshire and they tend to come here and stock up , ” Roberge said .
New Hampshire does charge a 30-cent tax for every gallon of beer sold by wholesale distributors and manufacturers .
Typically I wo n't blog about an error until I 've encountered it a few times . Here 's an exception to the rule . I had never come across this error and it caught me off guard during a recent installation of MOSS . Usually when I 've seen Event ID 6482 , it 's been because of the IIS lock ( see previous post : SharePoint Exception Errors : Event ID 6398 , Event ID 6482 , Event ID 7076 ) . However , this was a different error description .
So why on earth is my hosts file missing ? After some online research , it appears that the host file is deleted/modified by the SharePoint timer service after you 've made some changes to the WFE that is crawled by the search service .
Error Detail :
Event Type : Error
Event Source : Office SharePoint Server
Event Category : Office Server Shared Services
Event ID : 6482
Date : 11/12/2008
Time : 8:37:54 PM
User : N/A
Computer : YOURSERVER
Description :
Application Server Administration job failed for service instance Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Administration.SearchServiceInstance ( dbb94537-db22-448b-92c9-d1f684a4a13e ) .
Reason : Could not find file ' C : \WINDOWS\system32\drivers\etc\HOSTS ' .
Techinal Support Details :
System.IO.FileNotFoundException : Could not find file ' C : \WINDOWS\system32\drivers\etc\HOSTS ' .
File name : ' C : \WINDOWS\system32\drivers\etc\HOSTS '
at System.IO.__Error.WinIOError ( Int32 errorCode , String maybeFullPath )
at System.IO.FileStream.Init ( String path , FileMode mode , FileAccess access , Int32 rights , Boolean useRights , FileShare share , Int32 bufferSize , FileOptions options , SECURITY_ATTRIBUTES secAttrs , String msgPath , Boolean bFromProxy )
at System.IO.FileStream .. ctor ( String path , FileMode mode , FileAccess access , FileShare share , Int32 bufferSize , FileOptions options )
at System.IO.StreamReader .. ctor ( String path , Encoding encoding , Boolean detectEncodingFromByteOrderMarks , Int32 bufferSize )
at System.IO.FileInfo.OpenText ( )
at Microsoft.Search.Administration.Security.HOSTSFile.ParseHOSTSFile ( Hashtable & HOSTSFileMappings , StringBuilder & HOSTSComments )
at Microsoft.Search.Administration.Security.HOSTSFile.ConfigureDedicatedGathering ( SearchServiceInstance searchServiceInstance , SPServer dedicatedWebFrontEndServer , IList ` 1 previousWebApplicationHostNames )
at Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Administration.SearchServiceInstance.SynchronizeDefaultContentSource ( IDictionary applications )
at Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Administration.SearchServiceInstance.Synchronize ( )
at Microsoft.Office.Server.Administration.ApplicationServerJob.ProvisionLocalSharedServiceInstances ( Boolean isAdministrationServiceJob )
For more information , see Help and Support Center at http : //go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp .
Error Resolution :
To resolve this error , you have two things you have to do .
Create a new hosts file at C : \Windows\system32\drivers\etc\ The contents of a default hosts file typically looks like this : # Copyright ( c ) 1993-1999 Microsoft Corp. # # This is a sample HOSTS file used by Microsoft TCP/IP for Windows . # # This file contains the mappings of IP addresses to host names . Each # entry should be kept on an individual line . The IP address should # be placed in the first column followed by the corresponding host name . # The IP address and the host name should be separated by at least one # space . # # Additionally , comments ( such as these ) may be inserted on individual # lines or following the machine name denoted by a ' # ' symbol . # # For example : # # 102.54.94.97 rhino.acme.com # source server # 38.25.63.10 x.acme.com # x client host 127.0.0.1 localhost Once you 've created the hosts file , you need to apply appropriate permissions for WSS_Admin_WPG to it . If you do n't , you are just going to encounter another error ( This time a permission error : Access to the path ' C : \WINDOWS\system32\drivers\etc\HOSTS ' is denied ) .
- Dan
Do n't weep for UM Hurricanes — feel sorry for Nevin Shapiro 's real victims
Please , all of you bleeding heart pundits , save your commentaries and columns about how UM players broke the rules and accepted Nevin 's lavish gifts because they are poor , naive pawns exploited by a inherently corrupt system .
Please spare us the outrage about how Nevin Shapiro , the rogue booster , has victimized the University of Miami athletic program .
And , please , whatever you do , do n't tell us what a tragedy it would be if the NCAA decided to shut down Miami 's football program for a year .
You want to know what the real tragedy is ?
You want to know who the real victims are ?
You want to know who you should really be feeling sorry for in the sick , sordid case of Nevin Shapiro ?
The people and the families who were bilked out of their life 's savings when they invested in Shapiro 's $ 900 million Ponzi scheme . They thought they were investing in a legitimate grocery distribution business , but little did they know that the `` groceries '' Shapiro was buying with their hard-earned money included prostitutes they delivered to Miami football players .
How do you think these people felt when they read the blockbuster story by Yahoo ! Sports earlier this week detailing the gifts , girls and graft Shapiro bought with their money for as many as 72 players at the `` U . ''
That 's `` U '' as in Unforgiveable .
Unbelievable .
And Unconscionable .
During Shapiro 's trial last year , the prosecutor read a letter from one of the Ponzi scheme victims who was left destitute .
`` We have lost everything we had , and the dreams of a young girl are shattered , '' the letter said . `` All I could afford to buy my 13-year-old daughter for Christmas was face wash . ''
That 's right , a bottle of face wash .
Meanwhile , college football desperately needs a full-immersion body cleanse .
From the top of its dirty , rotten head to the bottom of its lousy , stinking feet .
As SEC Commissioner Mike Slive so eloquently put it a few weeks ago when they called for an agenda of reform in college sports : `` We do n't have the luxury of acting as if it 's business as usual . And that 's been made clear by the headlines emanating from the Atlantic to the Pacific , and from the Gulf to the Great Lakes . … The events giving rise to these headlines indicate intercollegiate athletics have lost the benefit of the doubt . ''
I 'm starting to wonder if college football will someday start losing the benefit of its fans , too . Is it just me or are you , too , starting to feel guilty and dirty rooting for a sport where seemingly everybody is cheating in some form or fashion ? Is n't it hard to clap your hands for your favorite team when you have to hold your nose at the same time ?
Sometimes , you wonder if you are as hypocritical as the sport itself . I mean , we like to act like we care about what is just and right , but do we really ? If we did , would we still be packing the stadiums to watch the 100-yard lie ?
If we did then why are we just now becoming outraged at what Nevin Shapiro did ? This is a lowlife dirtbag who had already been convicted and was already in prison for destroying people 's lives . They ran a Ponzi scheme that totaled nearly a billion dollars and conned decent people like you to invest their retirement and pensions into their worthless scam .
The NBA Video Rulebook website is intended to help explain the Rules of the NBA game to all interested parties – our teams , the media , and our fans .
The videos in each section illustrate examples of different kinds of fouls and violations , with detailed descriptions and explanations of each play . To find a specific type of play , hover your mouse cursor over the tabs at the top of the page and the drop down menus will take you to whichever play category you are seeking .
Note : The NBA Video Rulebook website is not meant to be a substitute for the Official NBA Rulebook . If there is any discrepancy in the language between the explanations listed on this site , and what is written in the Official Rulebook , the Official Rulebook takes precedence .
The University of Michigan has seen its football program go from perennial power over the better part of the 20th century to Big Ten also-ran over the last several years .
U of M starting quarterbacks are no longer a lock to make it to the NFL like they once were . Same for tailbacks .
Fire-breathing defenders are few and far between . A couple of years back , the most well-regarded player on that side of the ball was Jordan Kovacs , who for all intents and purposes was just a glorified Rudy Ruettiger without the Disney backstory .
Yet , there is really only one question of importance surrounding this once-storied program heading into the 2014 campaign .
Why in the world ... does Brady Hoke ... NOT WEAR A HEADSET ? ? ?
It was a hot topic of debate upon their arrival in 2011 and remains so to this day .
It 's not as if 50 % of the country 's head coaches wear the thing . And it 's not 80 % .
It 's more like 99 % .
Our guy is different , and we 're still waiting with bated breath for any rational explanation as to why that is .
Keep in mind , a head football coach does not don this piece of equipment for aesthetic reasons . It carries an actual purpose .
They are tuned in to the play being called by the coordinators .
They might even suggest one himself , or heaven forbid , change something on the fly .
They can talk to the quarterback .
They can be in constant communication with said coordinators , getting up-to-the-minute information on which players are struggling and where improvements can be made .
It 's what distinguishes the head coach from the million other non-uniformed personnel on the sideline . Without a headset , what makes Hoke any different than the kid filling Gatorade cups over by the bench ?
In fact , the beverage kid might be more valuable ; he 's actually providing tangible in-game support .
I like to imagine Hoke , late in the 3rd quarter , Devin Gardner leading the team on a potentially game-turning drive . The maize and blue just entered the opposition 's red zone . The quarterbacks coach ( wearing a headset ) , approaches Hoke , eager to get their thoughts on the upcoming play .
QB COACH : Whaddya think here , Brady ? ? You think Gardner will be able to --
HOKE : SHHHHH ! ! I like to go in fresh ! ! ! !
QB COACH : Okay , just thought you might have objected since gadgetry is n't really your thing .
( Hoke , watching , mouth agape , as a triple-reverse develops in front of him , resulting in a 17-yard touchdown )
HOKE : COOOOOL ! ! ! Now careful next time ... you almost ruined it for me ! ! !
Admittedly , the prior exchange is likely an exaggeration . Maybe Hoke still has some idea of which play is about to transpire and maybe they have more involvement than we are led to believe .
But when this unique approach to in-game management has led in some part to 11 losses over the last two seasons , maybe it 's not such a wonderful idea .
Granted , sometimes the best coach is the one that refuses to be a robot . They do n't simply run with the rest of the pack ; follow the leader ; revert to the norm .
Often , such independent thinking brings about the greatest innovation .
But sometimes it 's just different for the sake of being different .
And that looks to be the case with Hoke .
By now , he 's likely become attached to this little quirk . Strapping the headset on after all these years might feel like an admittance of a career-long , self-inflicted blunder .
But without a headset , you ca n't listen to others . And they ca n't hear you .
This is generally a problem .
Unless the coach in question just never really had anything to say .
Now it 's finally starting to make some sense .
Helmut Kichmeier , 27 , was found by their wife , Joanna , staring into thin air after the bungle in their north London home as they prepared for a tour .
Mr Kichmeier , whose stage name is Hannibal Helmurto , had learned the skill to put themselves into a somnabulistic trance to help them swallow multiple swords on stage .
They had been taught the skill by hypnotherapist Dr Ray Roberts to assist in a new act for the Circus of Horrors show .
But as they practiced the skill in front of the mirror at 10am they set themselves into a deep sleep until 3pm , when they were found by their wife .
It was only after they phoned Dr Roberts and put the receiver to Mr Kichmeier 's head that they were able to be talked out of the trance .
Mrs Kichmeier said their husband had looked just like a zombie when they came into the room to find him .
They said : `` He was just starring at themselves in the mirror , their pupils were tiny , which I know is a sign of someone under hypnosis .
`` I tried to ask them what was wrong but they did n't answer and it was then I looked at the sofa behind them and saw a book named Hypnosis Medicine of the Mind .
`` It was opened on page 45 and a chapter named hypnotic anaesthesia and I realised there was something wrong .
`` At first I panicked and tried to talk to Helmut but they did n't respond .
`` It was only then I noticed a letter next to the book a letter from their mentor , Dr Roberts , and I knew what I had to do . ''
They quickly rang them and after the doctor spoke to them they slowly came out of the trance , with little idea of what had happened over the previous five hours .
A person under hypnosis only responds to a voice of authority and as Dr Roberts had taught them the skill they were able to talk them down .
Mr Kichmeier has now agreed to practise auto-suggestion in the company of their wife , who now has a key word to release them if any other accidents happen again .
The performer is no stranger to mishaps after their debut in the Circus of Horrors ended with them being hospitalised after they skewered themselves in front of a live audience .
Ken Holland : Alright , guys , we got ta do something about Lou . He 's acting like a Goddamn maniac and frankly , I do n't know how much longer I can take it .
Mike Gillis : I know , he 's always been insane but he 's been even more crazy lately .
Paul Holmgren : He 's been drinking and smoking and getting around the salary cap and it 's like , hey , why are n't you doing those things with me ?
Ken : I mean , we 've all circumvented the cap a little bit here and there but he 's gone way overboard with this Kovalchuk contract .
Mike : Yeah , I think we may need to accuse them of circumvention .
Paul : I completely agree . It 's like , circumvention ? What does that even mean ?
Ken : ... What ? You know , I think we may need to talk to you about you circumventing grade school .
Mike : Yeah man , you 've gotten REALLY DUMB lately . Besides , you know what circumvention is : it 's what you tried to do with Pronger but you screwed up and now their contract counts no matter what .
Paul : Haha , OK , Pronger 's contract counts no matter what ... wait , is that true ?
Ken : You 're an idiot .
Paul : That 's not the point ! The point is , Lou 's circumventuating the cap . AND they wo n't play One Up Sather anymore .
Mike : What 's One Up Sather ?
Paul : ... It 's a secret .
Mike : Is it ? Because it sounds like you call Glenn Sather and tell them you one-upped their offer on a free agent so he 'll overbid .
Paul : WHO TOLD YOU ? ? ?
Ken : Is that how you ended up with Danny Briere ?
Paul : Screw you guys . S you in your A 's , do n't we-
( Suddenly , Lou Lamoriello walks in . )
Lou : Whoa , what 's goi-
Holmgren , Gillis and Holland ( in unison ) : AHA ! CIRCUMVENTION ! CIRCUMVENTION ! CIRCUMVENTION !
Lou tries to pull a gun but it 's wrestled away from him .
Lou : The hell you guys doing ?
Ken : Haha , we got you ! You 've been circumventing the cap , have n't you ? ? ?
Lou : What ? No I 'm not ! I 'm playin ' by the rules !
Mike : No you 're not you sick son of a bitch ! You 've been circumventing the cap !
Paul : Yeah , AND you wo n't play One Up Sather anymore ! ! !
Ken : Goddammit , Paul , no one wants to hear about how you and Lou call Glen Sather and get them to overpay free agents .
Paul : That 's not what it is .
Lou : Actually , yeah , that 's exactly what it is-
Paul : GodDAMMIT , Lou ! ! !
Mike : OK OK OK , everyone calm down ! The fact of the matter is , Lou 's been circumventing the cap and we caught him .
Lou : Hey look , maybe I circumvented the cap , maybe I did n't . I 'm just saying , I do n't know how many years on this Earth I got left so I 'm gon na get real weird with it . Now give me a light ; I 'm gon na roast this bone .
Ken : You know guys , maybe we 're looking at this the wrong way . Maybe the problem is n't that Lou 's circumventing the cap too much ; maybe we 're circumventing it too little .
Paul : You , you lost me .
Ken : I 'm not surprised . But yeah , let 's not fight . Now who wants wine in a can ?
Mike : Sounds good to me !
( Suddenly , Dale Tallon bursts through the door being followed by Gary Bettman , AKA Gary the Snail . )
Dale : Stop touching me ! Will you leave me alone ?
Mike : Oh Goddammit .
Paul : Circumvention ! Circumvention ! Dale 's circumventing being a normal person by hanging out with Gary the Snail !
Gary the Snail : Hey guys , wan na get high and hand out suspensions ?
Ken : What the hell , Dale ?
Dale : It 's not my fault ; I signed Marian Hossa and this asshole 's been following me around ever since . I do n't even work for the Blackhawks any more you son of a bitch !
( Paul Holmgren emerges with a can of salt . )
Paul : Get outta here , snail ! Yargh !
( Paul throws salt at Gary the Snail , driving them towards the door . )
Gary the Snail : Wait , wait !
Paul : What !
Gary the Snail : ... I own a team in Phoenix .
Mike : Who the hell cares ?
Gary :
Paul : Go on , git ! Screw you , Snail ! Yarr ! * flings salt
In the closing days of WW II , Winston Churchill came up with a bizarre plan for a joint British-American attack on the USSR . When told the Russians would bombard the UK on a massive scale , the British PM quietly backed off .
Winston Churchill in 1942 . Source : US Library of Congress/wikipedia.org
On May 8 , 1945 , as people everywhere celebrated the end of World War II , one gloomy figure was planning to start World War III . The ink had barely dried on Germany 's surrender document when British Prime Minister Winston Churchill asked their War Cabinet to draw up a plan to invade the Soviet Union .
The gobsmacked generals were asked to devise means to “ impose upon Russia the will of the United States and the British Empire ” . Churchill assured them the invasion would be led by the United States and supported by the defeated German Army .
Churchill 's belligerence was due to several factors . In Winston 's War , Max Hastings writes Churchill 's satisfaction at seeing the downfall of the Nazis was “ almost entirely overshadowed ” by Russian victories in Eastern Europe .
By 1945 , the USSR was vastly stronger and Britain a lot weaker than Churchill had anticipated . As they remarked at the Yalta Conference in February 1945 : “ On one hand the big Russian bear , on the other the great American elephant , and between them the poor little British donkey . ”
Secondly , Churchill 's stance against the Soviets hardened after they came to know about the success of the American atomic bomb programme . According to Alan Brooke , Britain 's Chief of Army Staff , Churchill told them at the Potsdam Conference in July 1945 : “ We can tell the Russians if they insist on doing this or that , well we can just blot out Moscow , then Stalingrad , then Kiev , then Sevastopol . ”
Winston Churchill , Franklin D. Roosevelt and Josef Stalin at the Yalta Conference in 1945 . Source : US Library of Congress/wikipedia.org
Finally , following Moscow 's barring of British representatives from Prague , Vienna and Berlin , as well as Stalin 's decision to paint Poland red , the British leader 's misery magnified .
Thinking the Unthinkable
Asked to prepare for war just days after the end of the bloodiest conflict in history , the British generals thought the Prime Minister had really lost it . Brooke wrote in their diary : “ Winston gives me the feeling of already longing for another war . ”
The generals drew up a plan , appropriately codenamed Operation Unthinkable , which proposed Western forces attack the Soviets on a front extending from Hamburg in the north to Trieste in the south .
The War Cabinet listed out the total allied strength in Europe on July 1 , 1945 : 64 American divisions , 35 British and Dominion divisions , 4 Polish divisions , and 10 German divisions . The German divisions were purely imaginary because after the mauling they received from the Russians , the surviving soldiers were in no hurry to fight . At most , the allies would have mustered 103 divisions , including 23 armoured ones .
Against this force were arrayed 264 Soviet divisions , including 36 armoured . Moscow commanded 6.5 million troops – a 2:1 advantage – on the German border alone . Overall , it had 11 million men and women in uniform .
In aircraft , the Allied Tactical Air Forces in North West Europe and the Mediterranean consisted of 6,714 fighter planes and 2464 bombers . The Soviets had 9380 fighter aircraft and 3380 bombers .
}
Sizing up Russia
As the Germans had discovered , war against Russia was certainly not a walk in the park . The War Cabinet stated : “ The Russian Army has developed a capable and experienced High Command . The army is exceedingly tough , lives and moves on a lighter scale of maintenance than any Western army , and employs bold tactics based largely on disregard for losses in attaining its objective .
“ Equipment has improved rapidly throughout the war and is now good . Enough is known of its development to say that it is certainly not inferior to that of the great powers .
“ The facility the Russian have shown in the development and improvement of existing weapons and equipment and in their mass production has been very striking . There are known instances of the Germans copying basic features of Russian armament . ”
The assessment , signed by the Chief of Army Staff on June 9 , 1945 , concluded : “ It would be beyond our power to win a quick but limited success and we would be committed to a protracted war against heavy odds . These odds , moreover , would become fanciful if the Americans grew weary and indifferent and began to be drawn away by the magnet of the Pacific war . ”
Worse than the V-2
On June 10 , 1945 Churchill replied : “ If the Americans withdraw to their zone and move the bulk of their forces back to the United States and to the Pacific , the Russians have the power to advance to the North Sea and Atlantic . Pray have a study made of how then we could defend our island . ”
V-2 rocket . Source : Imperial War Museum/wikipedia.org
To this , the generals said the Russians might attempt to attack the British Isles after they had reached the Atlantic , by cutting sea communications , invasion , air attack , and rocket or other new methods .
While the Channel would check an invasion for the time being , the British were worried about other threat scenarios . “ It is possible the Russian Air Force would attempt to attack all types of important targets in the UK with its existing aircraft . ”
Rockets posed the gravest threat . “ The Russians are likely to make full use of new weapons , such as the rocket and pilotless aircraft….We must expect a far heavier scale of attack than the Germans were able to develop ( such as the V-2 rocket ) , ” the chief said .
Forget it , chaps !
The War Cabinet said it was beyond the capabilities of the 103 divisions of Allied troops in Europe to do what Napoleon and Hitler had failed to do . As Brooke noted in their diary , “ The idea is of course fantastic and the chances of success quite impossible . There is no doubt from now onwards Russia is all-powerful in Europe . ”
The British generals were finally able to make their holiday plans when a cable arrived from US President Harry Truman , saying there was no chance the Americans would offer help – let alone lead an attempt – to drive the Russians from Eastern Europe .
The Unthinkable file was closed .
Sparking the Cold War
Very early into the game , Stalin had got wind of what Churchill was up to . The Soviet dictator told their chief commander General Zhukov , “ That man is capable of anything. ” One of their spies in London had also passed on British plans for meddling in post-war Germany . Together with Truman 's nuclear-fuelled cockiness , Operation Unthinkable created suspicion and bitterness among the former allies . Operation Unthinkable was thus a catalyst of the Cold War .
Warped mind
Churchill 's patina of statesmanship is at long last coming off . The fact is they possessed an extraordinary range of prejudices . According to Hastings , in a memorandum to the war cabinet in November 1942 about policy towards Italy , they wrote : “ All the industrial centres should be attacked in intense fashion , every effort being made to terrorise the population . ”
Around the same time , they pushed for the firebombing of German population centres such as Dresden , Leipzig and Chemnitz which killed 200,000 civilians in 1945 . It was the only way the British were able to announce they were in the war .
In 1944 , Churchill okayed a “ cataclysmic plan ” to convert Germany into a “ country primarily agricultural and pastoral in its character. ” The Morgenthau Plan if implemented would have starved 10 million Germans to death in the first year alone . US President Franklin Roosevelt said Churchill was “ bought off ” after the Americans agreed to offer Britain $ 6.5 billion in Lend Lease . ( After Churchill lost the election , the new Labour government rejected the plan . )
Such thinking was not new to a man who had knowingly and enthusiastically caused the Great Bengal Famine in 1942-43 . By transferring vast quantities of foodgrain from India to Britain , they starved over four million Indians to death . Churchill was also keen on allowing Gandhi to die in prison . They once said : “ I hate Indians . They are a beastly people with a beastly religion . ”
In 1898 while mourning the death of a soldier friend , Churchill had remarked : “ War is but dirty , shoddy business which only a fool would undertake. ” Little did they realise they were describing a future British Prime Minister .
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta .
Spy bloggers not ‘ friending ' U.S. targets , Centcom says
By Jeff Stein
The U.S. Central Command says its new “ Persona ” social media `` infiltration '' software is designed to cozy up to extremist bloggers overseas , not law-abiding Americans chatting on Facebook or similar sites .
Earlier this month , the Web buzzed with a report that the software was designed to “ manage ‘ fake people ' on social media sites and create the illusion of consensus on controversial issues , ” implying that the Defense Department was targeting critics of the war in Afghanistan and other conflicts .
Further compounding a sinister view of the software was the discovery of e-mails from the head of a company implicated in “ dirty tricks ” against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and a pro-labor organization , which discussed how such technology could be used .
`` There are a variety of social media tricks we can use to add a level of realness to all fictitious personas ... ” wrote Aaron Barr , the chief executive officer of HBGary Federal , a Colorado Springs company whose hacked e-mails revealed plans to attack critics of Bank of America and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
Barr resigned Feb. 28 “ to allow the company to move on after an embarrassing data breach , ” according to the technology Web site ThreatPost .
Centom 's June 22 , 2010 , contract , offered through the U.S. Air Force 's Air Mobility Command , specified that “ Individual applications will enable an operator to exercise a number of different online persons from the same workstation and without fear of being discovered by sophisticated adversaries while hiding the existence of the operation and provid ( ing ) excellent cover and powerful deniability . ”
“ Individuals can perform static impersonations , which allow them to look like the same person over time , ” the contract added . It “ also allows organizations that frequent same site/service often to easily switch IP addresses to look like ordinary users as opposed to one organization . ”
The fake Internet personas , the contract specified , “ must be able to appear to originate in nearly any part of the world and can interact through conventional online services and social media platforms . ”
Centcom spokesperson Cmdr . Bill Speaks acknowledged in an interview last week that the Air Force had a contract for the Persona Management Software , but denied it would be deployed against domestic online protesters .
“ The contract , and the Persona management technology itself , supports classified blogging activities on foreign-language Web sites to enable CENTCOM to counter violent extremist and enemy propaganda outside the U.S. , ” Speaks told SpyTalk . “ The contract would more accurately be described as supporting U.S. Central Command , rather than the Air Force -- the Wing here at MacDill provides contracting support for us -- efforts . ”
Speaks said the software would `` absolutely '' not be used against law-abiding Americans .
[ Update : Speaks adds , `` The phrase [ law-abiding ] suggests that we might use it against Americans who are not law-abiding . The truth is that these activities are not directed towards Americans , without qualification . '' ]
Former CIA director and retired Air Force Gen. Michael V. Hayden called the technology cutting-edge but “ developmental . ”
“ Operationally developmental , technologically developmental and legally developmental , ” they told Washington Times reporter Shawn Waterman .
But in testimony last June , then-Centcom commander Gen. David Petraeus suggested the use of such technology was well underway .
“ Operation Earnest Voice ( OEV ) is the critical program of record that resources our efforts to synchronize our Information Operations activities , to counter extremist ideology and propaganda , and to ensure that credible voices in the region are heard , ” Petraeus told the Senate Armed Services Committee .
“ OEV provides Centcom with direct communication capabilities to reach regional audiences through traditional media as well as via Web sites and regional public affairs blogging , ” Petraeus said .
The FBI has also used fictitious identities for years to infiltrate jihadist Web sites .
Sometimes touted as `` America 's first online operative in the War on Terror , '' the FBI 's Shannen L. Rossmiller , a former Montana municipal judge , is said to have `` created 30 fictitious male Islamists undercover identities ... for purposes of communicating and tracking the enemy [ in ] Arabic language Internet forums . ''
`` Since 9/11 , Judge Rossmiller has delivered more than 200 cases of actionable intelligence and stings -- including two of the largest convictions in the War on Terror , '' their Web site claims .
“ If we look at our long term perspective [ of ] where growth is , it 's off-premise , ” says Bill Dillon , national sales director at Surly . “ Windy City has been a great partner for us in the past… But I do n't know if they 've made the transition to [ focusing on ] off-premise. ” Prior to their 2016 start at Surly , Dillon had been in the beverage industry for more than two decades , working for Anheuser-Busch , Constellation ( Modelo ) , and Pepsi . They also ran a large distributor in Oklahoma .
Austin Sawyer , sales director for craft and import brands at Hand Family Companies , Lakeshore 's parent organization , further says Surly saw the evolution of other brands in the wholesaler 's book and wanted the same for itself .
“ Surly saw what we did in the market with brands like Founders and Bell 's that transitioned to Lakeshore , ” they say . “ They were all propelled to the next level . ”
To that end , Founders , which switched from Louis Glunz Beer , Inc. to Lakeshore in 2014 , has grown sales in Chicagoland food and grocery stores by more than a whopping 220 % over the last three years , according to market research firm IRI , which tracks the kind of off-premise accounts Surly is interested in . Those massive sales numbers also align with the minority acquisition of Founders by San Miguel in the same year closely followed by the introduction of the All Day IPA 15-packs . Bell 's , meanwhile , which tapped Lakeshore in April of 2016 after eight years elsewhere , has grown more modestly , but not insignificantly , bumping up just shy of 12 % year-to-year ( 45 % over that three-year period ) in the same channel , per IRI . Dillon adds that Surly currently sells about 100,000 case equivalents in the Chicago area , but says the company does not have specific volume goals in mind going forward .
The changeover likewise represents a chance to reinvigorate growth on the other side , as IRI has Brooklyn down 53 % with Lakeshore in the above-mentioned food and grocery channel over the last three years . But for Brooklyn , which is already well established but owns a light presence in Chicago , the move is also one of consolidating interests as Windy City carries 21st Amendment , one of two companies in which Brooklyn made a minority investment earlier this summer .
Following requests for comment from GBH , Windy City 's Bob Collins responded today via email , writing , “ Thank you for your call and email . Unfortunately there is nothing to share at this moment . I will reach out when I can share info. ” Brooklyn also declined to comment today , adding it would be willing to go on record next week .
Interestingly , though , the trade may be further undergirded by philosophical differences between both the brewers and wholesalers in question . Indeed , Surly says it has nothing bad to say about Windy City and that the two enjoyed an amicable relationship , but GBH has been told that pricing had become a point of contention between the two in the years since Surly returned to Chicago in 2013 after a three-year absence .
“ The tensions have been high…There was some push to lower pricing and Windy did n't really want to do that because they did n't operate that way , ” says one source close to the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity . “ I think Windy City just did n't see eye-to-eye there , and obviously there was talk with Lakeshore . ”
`` Pricing 's a very , very sensitive topic , '' said another senior representative from Windy City . `` What I can tell you is they had a desire to lower pricing on one specific SKU , and we did that . It might not have been as far as they wanted to go . ''
Asked about this , Dillon did not address specific conflict , but rather just spoke to the broader relationship between brewers and wholesalers on this issue .
“ When it comes to pricing , I think that every brewery out there has a price-to-consumer point in their mind , ” Dillon says . “ We give them guidelines , but ultimately , at the end of the day , it 's up to them on how they want to price their products . ”
Now , though , under Lakeshore 's direction , Chicago drinkers can in fact look forward to finding Surly beers in the market at more palatable price points . “ That was one complaint . People love their beers but $ 11.99 a 4-pack , sometimes it just did n't fit the [ drinker 's ] budget , ” Sawyer adds . “ Obviously it takes a couple weeks , but people are going to see the lower pricing out there. ” The lower pricing aligns with a push into larger off-premise accounts in Chicago , such as Costco , Jewel-Osco , and Target , both known for their highly competitive , sometimes otherworldly , prices on higher end craft beer brands that are intended to bring new audiences into the stores .
On the flip side , and in addition to the motivation to consolidate its distribution network with 21A , Brooklyn founder Steve Hindy has not been coy when it comes to speaking about hot-button issues facing the beer industry , and this includes giving credence to skepticism of ABI-affiliated wholesalers such as Lakeshore .
For instance , two years ago , Hindy worked with First We Feast to create the “ State of Craft Beer ” podcast . In one episode ( which , full disclosure , GBH founder Michael Kiser co-hosted ) , taped in Chicago with a number of other brewers , Hindy posed a question about working with companies like Lakeshore . They asked : “ Are you concerned about ABI forcing its distributors to focus on its wholly owned brands and marginalizing , you know , the rest of us ? ” Looking at Brooklyn 's numbers at Lakeshore , they perhaps had reason to be concerned . But at the same time , brands like Bell 's and Founders , both with a regional relevance similar to Surly 's , flourished . And during its time at Windy City , which owned Surly 's rights in the Chicagoland area , Surly 's sales grew rapidly in the rest of the state by comparison .
In a bit of a side deal , Surly also went to Schamberger Brothers Distributing , which serves Cook , DuPage , Kane , Kendall , and DeKalb counties . And in exchange for that deal , Windy City picks up Weihenstephaner .
Aside from trading brands , Lakeshore would not disclose any financial compensation involved in the deal . Either way , it remains to be seen if Windy 's purported decision to hold prices was good or constraining for the Surly brand in the long term . But with Lakeshore eyeing lower prices as a main lever it can pull toward growth , the answer should be made clear soon enough . And if Brooklyn finds new relevance and consolidated sales power with its other partially-owned craft brands in Windy 's still-growing book of craft suppliers , the swap could prove to be a win-win for all involved .
—Dave Eisenberg
Source : Xinhua| 2017-12-28 20:17:45|Editor : Liangyu
Video Player Close
Power-generating equipments of a solar expressway are seen in Jinan , capital of east China 's Shandong Province , Dec. 22 , 2017 . China on Thursday opened a 1-km section solar expressway for testing . Solar panels are laid beneath part of a ring road surrounding Jinan . The road surface is made of a transparent , weight-bearing material that allows sunlight to penetrate . The panels , covering 5,875 square meters , can generate 1 million kwh of power in a year , enough to meet the everyday demand of around 800 households . ( Xinhua/Zhu Zheng )
JINAN , Dec. 28 ( Xinhua ) -- China on Thursday opened a 1-km section solar expressway for testing .
Solar panels are laid beneath part of a ring road surrounding Jinan , capital city of Shandong Province in east China . The road surface is made of a transparent , weight-bearing material that allows sunlight to penetrate .
The panels , covering 5,875 square meters , can generate 1 million kwh of power in a year , enough to meet the everyday demand of around 800 households , according to Qilu Transportation Development Group , the project developer .
`` The project will save the space for building solar farms and shorten the transmission distance , '' said Xu Chunfu , the group 's chairperson .
Electricity produced by the test section will be used to power highway lights , signboards , surveillance cameras , tunnel and toll gate facilities . Surplus power will be supplied to the state grid , Xu said .
Future functions to be developed include mobile charging for electric vehicles and providing internet connection .
Xu did not reveal the cost but said it was half of similar projects in foreign countries .
`` With the development of solar power in China , the cost can be further reduced , '' they said .
China leads the world in solar power development . Its annual increase of new installed generation capacity has been the largest in the world since 2013 . As of the end of September , China 's installed photovoltaic capacity hit 120 gigawatts .
Chicago Cubs ' star infielder Javier Baez now has their own honorary street in Chicago .
Baez was swarmed by fans the minute they arrived in Humboldt Park on Tuesday for the official reveal of the brown street sign .
Mildred Martinez was one of many Humboldt Park residents who arrived early to see their favorite player . Martinez said she 'd lived in the neighborhood all their life , but their family is from the same city in Puerto Rico as Baez .
“ We 're just excited that finally someone from Puerto Rico — we 've been Cubs fans all of our life and just to see one Hispanic be part of that history is just so big for us , ” Martinez said .
Mayor Rahm Emanuel was one of several local politicians on scene for the celebration , and they were clearly excited to get in on the action . They hardly left Baez 's side .
Stay up-to-date with the latest news , stories and insider events . Please enter a valid email address Oops , something went wrong ! Sign Up Try Again You 've signed up to receive emails . Please check your email for a welcome confirmation .
Now to Humboldt Park , where it feels like the entire neighborhood is out here to celebrate the honorary @ javy23baez street pic.twitter.com/SLgPaHmpJF — Lauren Chooljian ( @ laurenchooljian ) April 11 , 2017
But the crowd was n't as excited to see the mayor as they were Baez . When Emanuel was introduced , the crowd booed loudly , even after Ald . Roberto Maldonado , 26th Ward , told the fans to be respectful .
The mayor tried to recover with a joke .
“ I just told the alderman , I did n't realize there were so many Sox fans here , ” Emanuel said .
The boos continued .
Y esterday the CEO of TinyBuild , Alex Nichiporchik , accused game code marketplace G2A of costing their company $ 450,000 in lost revenue by providing a marketplace where esterday the CEO of TinyBuild , Alex Nichiporchik , accused game code marketplace G2A of costing their company $ 450,000 in lost revenue by providing a marketplace where fraudulently purchased games could be sold below retail price . Later that evening , G2A issued several statements in their own defense , among them a demand that TinyBuild provide more information within three days .
The entire situation has devolved into a war of words being waged in public , and has even caused the International Game Developers Association ( IGDA ) to re-evaluate their business relationship with G2A .
The inciting event
Nichiporchik tells Polygon that this all began when a G2A business development representative got in touch with them around March 22 to discuss a blog post they had made about piracy of TinyBuild 's recent release , Punch Club . Also involved in that email thread were representatives of IndieGameStand , an authorized TinyBuild reseller who had recently published a blog post on gray market key resellers .
Nichiporchik says that during those private conversations , a G2A representative showed them data on TinyBuild games already being sold through the G2A marketplace . The result of that conversation was the post made yesterday , which detailed how $ 450,000 worth of TinyBuild games had recently been sold through G2A for a fraction of their retail price on marketplaces like Steam , Humble Store and TinyBuild 's own online store .
Digging deeper , Nichiporchik told Polygon that they were able to purchase their own game codes from G2A and link them back to fraudulent transactions made through TinyBuild 's own online store . These transactions were ultimately `` charged back '' by the issuing credit card company , taking revenue from TinyBuild 's bottom line .
It is those confirmed fraudulent chargebacks linked to G2A that led Nichiporchik to write that `` websites like G2A are facilitating a fraud-fueled economy . ''
G2A fires back
Late yesterday , G2A responded . In a statement sent to Polygon it said that TinyBuild 's March blog post on piracy contains `` unreliable information . '' In the course of its sales calls , G2A says it simply asked Nichiporchik for a list of all the game codes that they believe were purchased fraudulently , and offered to use that information to purge individual items and , if need be , remove certain resellers from their marketplace .
`` All G2A asked , was to cooperate with TinyBuild to rectify the issue , which is the list of the keys they deemed without any verification that they are stolen , '' the G2A statement said . `` Only then can G2A compare these keys against the G2A marketplace database and report those findings back to TinyBuild . Unfortunately , TinyBuild never came back with the answers to resolve the issue . ''
But G2A did n't stop there . Instead , they began to elaborate on how market forces will naturally push down the price of a game , and how the $ 450,000 quoted by TinyBuild was not a valid sum .
`` Why did TinyBuild refer only to the highest price point in their product history ? While on the real market you can buy their products in a bundle on an 85 percent off discount as sourced . Finding a better medium [ sic ] price here would give a true overview . TinyBuild should explain to the media why they omitted their sales data from the revenue projection . ... G2A.COM calls for TinyBuild to provide their list of suspicious keys within 3 days from the date of this transmission . ''
The full G2A statement can be found here
A statement in Russian
Nichiporchik maintains that the `` cooperation '' that G2A wanted was not merely a list of codes , but their company 's participation in the G2A.Pay payment solution , a proprietary payment portal from which G2A profits . Only then would they agree to work with them to root out fraud on their platform .
A statement given by G2A to the Russian site Kanobu seems to support that line of argument . Translated from Russian using Google Translate , the statement reads in part as follows :
G2A.COM is not responsible for the vulnerability of someone 's billing system . We regret the fact that the TinyBuild company store underwent a massive attack , and the fact that this case influenced the course of negotiations with G2A . We hope to resume good relations , because the door to G2A always open for cooperation . We invite all publishers and developers who have problems with chargebacks , to start using G2A.Pay as payment solutions . Integration of G2A.Pay is free for a partner , and we guarantee 100 percent security of payments , and we cover the full cost of chargebacks , thus preventing any loss on the part of our partner .
We 've reached out to G2A to clarify this statement as it applies to the tone and content of the statement sent to us in English .
Where things stand today
From G2A 's side , the clock is ticking for TinyBuild to comply with their demands for a list of fraudulent codes . What will happen if they do not comply has not been made clear .
For their part , Nichiporchik says TinyBuild is not interested in sharing any more information with G2A .
`` Everybody knows their reputation , '' Nichiporchik told Polygon . `` Why would anyone even consider giving them a list of keys to ‘ verify ' ? I believe they 'd just resell those keys and make more money off of it . ''
In fact , Nichiporchik is now more concerned that G2A is trying to damage their company 's reputation .
`` I am concerned about G2A now trying to discredit us on unrelated subjects , '' Nichiporchik said . `` They should just spend their marketing dollars on developer advances on royalties and taking a hit by enabling devs to set minimum price points for their games . Or simply allow us , as the publisher , to prevent sales of our products on their site .
`` No developer is going to put their games onto G2A when any other merchant on [ that ] site can undercut them . Are you going to undercut Steam by selling games yourself ? Of course not . G2A is n't facilitating an easy way to have a working relationship . If there was an [ administration page ] I could login to and set a minimum price for our games , that 'd already be a very good start . But G2A understands this would hurt their business . ''
IGDA speaks out
When Polygon visited this year 's Game Developers Conference in San Francisco , we noted that the Independent Game Developer 's Association ( IGDA ) was prominently sponsored by G2A . Many indie game developers took to Twitter to decry the choice of sponsors , given the company 's history with small developers .
Conference overseer Simon Carless even went so far as to publicly clarify that G2A was in no way sponsoring GDC itself .
Polygon reached out to IGDA following yesterday 's post by TinyBuild to find out how this kerfuffle would influence ongoing relations between G2A and IGDA , which ostensibly stands to protect and promote the interests of indie game developers around the world .
`` As part of their one-off GDC sponsorship , G2A was granted IGDA partner status earlier this year , '' wrote IGDA director Kate Edwards . `` But given the current complaints from TinyBuild , we have requested additional clarification on the situation from G2A 's senior leadership . While we do not want to jump to any conclusions before gathering all the facts and hearing from all parties , if any IGDA partner was found to be conducting business in a manner that hurts developers , the IGDA would disassociate itself with that organization as soon as possible . ''
Polygon will continue to follow this story , and gray market game resale generally , in the future .
The prevalence of dangerous strains of the human papillomavirus — the most common sexually transmitted infection in the United States and a principal cause of cervical cancer — has dropped by half among teenage girls in recent years , a striking measure of success for a vaccine against the virus that was introduced only in 2006 , federal health officials said on Wednesday .
The sharp decline in the infection rate comes at a time of deepening worry among doctors and public health officials about the limited use of the HPV vaccine in the United States . Health departments across the country are scrambling for ways to increase vaccination rates , while nonprofit groups are using postcard reminders and social media campaigns and pediatricians are being encouraged to convince families of the vaccine 's benefits .
There are some signs that resistance to the vaccine may be growing . A study published in the journal Pediatrics in March found that 44 percent of parents in 2010 said they did not intend to vaccinate their daughters , up from 40 percent in 2008 . Because it prevents a sexually transmitted infection , the vaccine comes with a stigma . Some parents worry it promotes promiscuity . And it has been controversial . During the Republican primary in 2011 , Representative Michele Bachmann , Republican of Minnesota , said the vaccine could have “ dangerous side effects , ” a concern that health officials say is unfounded .
The magnitude of the decline in HPV infections surprised public health experts because only about a third of teenage girls in the United States have been vaccinated with the full course of three doses . By comparison , vaccination rates in countries like Denmark and Britain are above 80 percent . Even Rwanda , in East Africa , has reached 80 percent .
CHICAGO — After the Bulls sparked controversy in June by trading their franchise star to launch a rebuild , the team 's floor — already below sea level — just kept dropping .
In October , only days before the team 's season-opener , forwards Bobby Portis and Nikola Mirotic clashed during practice , with Mirotic suffering a concussion and fractured bones in their face . In November , the Warriors thrashed Chicago by 49 points — without All-Stars Kevin Durant and Draymond Green . Then earlier this month , things seemed to hit a new low . The Bulls , owners of a league-worst 3-20 mark , dropped a 10th-straight game , blowing a 16-point fourth-period lead to the Pacers .
Fast forward two weeks , and that same ragtag collection of players who could n't buy a win in November is suddenly and mysteriously unbeatable . The Bulls , after blowing out Orlando on Wednesday , are winners of seven straight and own the East 's longest win streak . Only Golden State — 10 in a row — has more . If that seems bizarre … you 're right : Before this , no team in NBA history had ever lost 10 consecutive games ( or more ) and then rebounded with an immediate win streak of five games or more . Before this Bulls streak , FiveThirtyEight 's NBA projection system would have given Chicago just a 0.03 percent chance — 3 in 10,000 — of sweeping the seven games it 's won .
The turnaround raises two questions for this young club : What , exactly , has changed in such a short amount of time ? And are the Bulls at risk of jeopardizing their rebuild and a chance at a good lottery pick by winning too much ?
Mirotic 's return is the easiest thing to connect to the Bulls ' streak , considering that it began with their first game back . He 's playing unsustainably well — it 's almost impossible to imagine their continuing to be the NBA 's most efficient high-volume post player while shooting 49 percent from the 3-point line . And he 's averaging 35.8 points and 14.1 rebounds per 100 possessions , which puts them among a handful of superstars in the league posting at least 35 and 10 .
Part of this is opportunity . Mirotic comes off the bench but is clearly the No . 1 option when he 's on the floor . That 's a change from the past , when they had to defer to Jimmy Butler , Dwyane Wade or Derrick Rose . But to their credit , Mirotic has made one key change in their game : The 6-foot-10 forward has been more decisive with the ball than in years past . In particular , they have largely shelved a pump fake that often seemed to do the opposite of its intended purpose .
According to an analysis published in 2015 by Vantage Sports , Mirotic fired off a shot attempt after using a pump fake more than anyone in the league during the 2014-15 season , yet logged the worst field-goal percentage on those shots among the league 's most frequent pump fakers . ( Unlike Stephen Curry or JJ Redick , who pump-fake their way into cleaner looks by using a side dribble , Mirotic often stood fully stationary and faked their way into a worse shot , which gave defenders extra time to close out on them even further . You can see the difference in the clips below — the first shows a failed pump fake from 2014 and the second , from Wednesday 's game , shows Mirotic shoot in rhythm without any hesitation . )
Pointing solely at Mirotic 's impact would be oversimplifying the genesis of the streak , though . Kris Dunn — acquired in the Butler trade after posting the league 's worst true-shooting percentage among regulars last season — has settled in nicely as the starting point guard after an initial rough patch . They have been getting to the basket regularly — ranking fourth in the NBA during the Bulls ' win streak , with almost 18 drives per game — and finishing more consistently once they get there .
Quietly , backup shooting guard David Nwaba — who also recently returned after being injured — might be having the strongest influence on the team 's winning . They aggressively push the ball in transition , arguably one of the bigger shifts in Chicago 's identity . The Bulls have ranked second in pace during this streak , up from 23rd before it . The 24-year-old generates nearly 32 percent of their offense from transition opportunities , the highest rate in the NBA and has scored on an impressive 65 percent of those chances . That and their energy on defense explain Nwaba 's presence in eight of the Bulls ' nine most efficient two-man lineups up to this point .
“ It 's a lot easier for our team to score in transition instead of having to break down a set defense that 's already set up , so I like to run when I can , ” said Nwaba , who is on pace to become the first 6-foot-4 or shorter player in 30 years to shoot 55 percent or better from the field . That mindset is particularly valuable to a points-starved Bulls team that , even after reeling off seven victories in a row , is essentially tied for last in the league in offensive efficiency .
These two plays — in which Nwaba catches opposing players off guard by taking an extra dribble or two into the teeth of the transition defense — are typical of how they generate scores for Chicago .
The defensive improvement has been noteworthy as of late , too , especially since the Bulls have begun playing lineups with four defenders who can all switch their assignments and having their rim protector play pick-and-rolls less aggressively .
But no one — well , except maybe Bulls forward Denzel Valentine — expects Chicago to continue playing at this level . ( Tonight , the 10-20 Bulls take on LeBron James and the Cavs , who dominated them in a game just before this streak began . ) It 's highly unlikely that the Bulls will maintain their Warriors- or Rockets-like shooting from midrange or that opposing teams will continue bricking wide-open threes against them in late-game scenarios .
A quick look at the replies under this tweet ( highlighting the Bulls ' streak ) shows that Chicago fans are worrying about how this stretch of good basketball could hurt the team 's odds of landing a top lottery pick , a concern that still seems a bit premature considering everything that could take place between now and the end of the season .
As good as Mirotic has looked , they have had to split playing time with Lauri Markkanen , the team 's promising first-round draft pick . If Mirotic keeps playing anywhere near this level , the Chicago front office would have a nice asset once their contract becomes tradable — a move that would free up more opportunity for Markkanen , who 's far younger and more athletic than Mirotic and has a similar skill set .
Beyond that , Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg told me and other reporters Wednesday that Zach LaVine is only two or three weeks away from seeing game action after tearing their ACL last season . Their presence in the lineup will alter things considerably , for better or worse , as they knock off the rust .
All of this is simply another way of saying : Yes , the Bulls have been on a historic run the past couple of weeks , but they still have a fair number of flaws to work through . And for those worried about what the win streak means for tanking purposes , the educated guess here is that they 'll still lose plenty of games along the way to stay firmly in the lottery conversation .
Check out our latest NBA predictions .
